Paragraph 1: In the 1950s, Thumboo wrote mostly lyrical poetry based on personal experiences. Displaying the influence of the English literary tradition on him, they dealt with aesthetic and metaphysical themes. By the mid-1970s, he had shifted his focus to the public sphere, believing that poets of post-independence Singapore should work towards creating a national literature. Singapore's national life was a key subject of his collection of poetry Gods Can Die (1977), and it has been said that the subsequent anthologies Ulysses by the Merlion (1979) and A Third Map (1993) "established his reputation as a national poet committed to articulating a cultural vision for a multicultural Singapore". Thumboo is often dubbed Singapore's unofficial poet laureate because of his poems with nationalistic themes, notably 9 August – II (1977), and Ulysses by the Merlion (1979) which was published in the anthology of the same name, as well as his role in promoting Singapore literature, for example, through his work as General Editor of the literary journal Singa. Ulysses, which references an iconic statue of a beast with the upper body of a lion and the tail of a fish called the Merlion that faces Marina Bay, was inspired by the use of Irish mythology and history by W. B. Yeats. The Irish poet has asserted a significant influence on Thumboo, as Thumboo recognizes parallels between Ireland's nationalistic struggle and Singapore's breakaway from colonialism. He describes himself as a myth-inspired poet, and sees myths as ancient narratives and structures which provide a stable point of reference for a multicultural society. Ulysses has prompted other Singaporean poets such as Alfian Sa'at, Vernon Chan, David Leo, Felix Cheong, Gwee Li Sui, Koh Buck Song, Lee Tzu Pheng, Alvin Pang and Daren Shiau to write their own Merlion-themed verses; it is often joked that one cannot be regarded as a true Singapore poet until one has written a "Merlion poem". A copy of Ulysses is installed on a plaque near the statue.

Paragraph 2: Prior to the 1920s, Kingman Park was a largely uninhabited, wooded area located near the D.C. city dump. The area was originally on the shores of the Anacostia River. Between 1860 and the late 1880s, large mudflats ("the Anacostia flats") formed on both banks of the Anacostia River due to deforestation and the heavy erosion it caused. At this time, the city allowed its sewage to pour untreated into the Anacostia. Marsh grass began growing in the flats, trapping the sewage and leading public health experts to conclude that the flats were unsanitary. Health officials also feared that the flats were a prime breeding ground of malaria- and yellow fever-carrying mosquitoes. By 1876, a large mudflat had formed just south of where Benning Bridge is today, and another,  wide, had developed just south of the former flat. By 1883, a stream named "Succabel's Gut" traversed the upper flat and another dubbed "Turtle Gut" the lower, and both flats hosted substantial populations of American lotus, lily pads, and wild rice. In 1898, officials with the United States Army Corps of Engineers and the District of Columbia convinced the United States Congress that the Anacostia River should be dredged to create a more commercially viable channel that would enhance the local economy as well as provide land where factories or warehouses might be built. The material dredged from the river would be used to build up the flats and turn them into dry land, eliminating the public health dangers they caused. In 1901, the McMillan Commission (a body established by the United States Senate to advise the Congress and District of Columbia on ways to improve the parks, monuments, memorials, and infrastructure of the city as well as plan for urban renewal, economic growth, and expansion of the federal government) concluded that commercial land was not needed and proposed turning the reclaimed flats into parkland. The D.C. government agreed in 1905, the United States Commission of Fine Arts (a federal advisory agency with review authority over the design and aesthetics of projects within Washington, D.C.) and the Army Corps of Engineers concurred in 1914, and the National Capital Park and Planning Commission signed on (belatedly) to the park plan in 1928. Most of the reclaimed mudflats were subsequently declared to be parkland and named Anacostia Water Park (now Anacostia Park) in 1919. This left the Kingman Park neighborhood cut off from the Anacostia River.

Paragraph 3: Denis Boyles is a journalist, editor, university lecturer and the author/editor of several books of poetry, travel/history, criticism, humor, practical advice and essays, including Design Poetics (1975), The Modern Man's Guide to Life (1986), African Lives (1989), Man Eaters Motel (1991), A Man's Life: The Complete Instructions (1996), The Pocket Professor series (2001) and Vile France (2005), a satirical examination of French elites. His work has appeared in many American and European magazines and newspapers. As an editor, he launched an "underground" newspaper in Baltimore in the '60s then served on the editorial staff of Crawdaddy, The New York Times Magazine, National Lampoon, Playboy,  and Men's Health, where he was a popular columnist. He served as editorial director for several digital publishers, including Novo Media and Third Age Media, and from 2010 to 2013 was a juror for the University of Missouri Journalism School-administered City and Regional Magazine Association competition. For several years he wrote commentary on the European press in a column for National Review Online, and was a contributor to the 2009 Oxford Encyclopedia of Human Rights. In 2008, he wrote Superior, Nebraska, a book about Midwestern political and social values (Doubleday) and in 2009, he co-wrote a documentary film, Femmes de Soldats, with French journalist Alain Hertoghe for Kuiv Productions Paris.  Boyles recently completed a history of the creation and compilation of the Encyclopædia Britannica's 11th edition (1910) for Knopf. He resides in France, where he taught at The Brouzils Seminars, a graduate and undergraduate writing and creative arts program. In 2009, with philosopher Anthony O'Hear OBE, he launched The Fortnightly Review's "New Series", of which he is currently co-editor (with Prof. Alan Macfarlane), and editor of its book imprint, Odd Volumes. From 2012-2015, he was a visiting fellow in the School of Humanities at the University of Buckingham. In 2015, he joined the faculties of the Chavagnes Studium, where he teaches literature courses and tutors senior students in literature and philosophy, and l’Institut Catholique d’Études Supérieures in La Roche sur Yon (I.C.E.S., the University of the Vendée), where he teaches graduate courses in journalism. His MA was awarded by the graduate  Writing Seminars at the Johns Hopkins University; his doctorate is from the Communications and Media Research Institute (CAMRI) of the University of Westminster in London.

Paragraph 4: The final part of the Baʿal cycle is concerned with Baʿal's battle against Mot, a personification of Death. Continuing from the preceding section, Mot concludes his reply to Baʿal. His reply is that he, like a lion in the desert, hungers constantly for human flesh and blood. By inviting Mot to a meal of bread and wine, Mot is offended, and threatens to cause the heavens to wilt and collapse, breaking Baʿal into pieces. Mot then will eat him piece by piece. When the text continues, Baʿal, or a speaker on his behalf admits his fear and dread of Mot. The speaker then tells Gupan and Ugar to go back to Mot and tell him that Baʿal will be eternally his slave, news to which Mot rejoices. When the text continues Baʿal complains to El that his dominion is in danger of passing to Mot. He then sends messengers to Sheger and Ithm, who are responsible for Cattle and Sheep, and asks them to provide animals for a feast, to which he will invite Mot. When the texts continue, a messenger from Mot arrives in the divine assembly, demanding to know where Baʿal is. They both go up to El's house where El asks what has been happening. When the text continues, a speaker who is probably Shapash the sun-goddess addresses Baʿal. She is advising him to find a substitute in his image, which will be sought out and slain by Mot. She then promises to bury his body, and advises him to go to the two mountains which mark the entrance of the underworld, and to move them aside. Then he is to go down into the earth and hide. He finds a heifer in the fields, and with it a human child, whom he dresses in his robes and offers as a gift to Mot.

Paragraph 5: Multiplayer allows up to two players on the PlayStation version or eight players on the PC version to complete in either split-screen or LAN. A single race allows the player to compete with a predefined car and circuit. The player can set the number of laps, the weather and difficulty level, and may decide to play the game in multi-player, whereby all participants can choose to grant a speed boost to the losing player. At the beginning of the game, only two circuits are available; the others are unlocked by progressing in championship mode. The championship mode offers the player the opportunity to participate in the British Touring Car Championship. It is organised in twelve race meetings of two rounds each. The player can choose how long the season lasts. Unlike the PAL version of the game, the US version of the game has a "difficulty" option (standard/expert) for championship mode. Each round consists of a qualifying session and the main race. The player is required to earn 20 points to continue competing in the championship. However, any unsportsmanlike conduct is punishable with an on-screen warning. Points are deducted on a gradual scale after the player has received three warnings. Earning six of these warnings will lead to the player being disqualified from the race. Cups are awarded to the player based on his or her performances and allows for the unlocking of extra circuits, hidden cars and cheat codes. Time trial consists of the player recording the fastest possible lap time with that person selecting weather conditions. Once a reference time has been established, a phantom car is materialised, prompting the player to further improve on the previous best lap. During the game's operating period, players could publish their lap times on Codemasters's website and compare themselves to others.

Paragraph 6: Zāl was born with white hair. Because of this, his parents called him Zāl. In the Persian language, zal refers to those who have albinism. Zāl was the son of Sām and the grandson of Nariman, both heroes of ancient Persia and protectors of "Motherland Iran" (Iran-zamin). Because of his appearance, Zāl was rejected by his father, who blamed the evil spirit, Ahriman, for the appearance of his son. Zāl was abandoned when only an infant in the Alborz Mountain, which has the highest geographic peak in Iran. The mythical simurgh (a very large and wise bird which darkens the sky when flying, said to be related to the phoenix) found the baby and took him to her nest. After some time, passing caravans noticed a noble young man in the bird's nest, with a mountain of silver on his chest and a reed for a waist. Rumor of this remarkable presence finally reached Sam, who was encouraged by his wise men to hasten to the scene. There, looking up, he saw his son, but when he tried to climb toward him, he couldn't find a way to the lofty perch. He then prayed to God, asking for forgiveness and help. When the simurgh saw Sam, she knew that he had come for her charge. The devoted bird gave Zaal a feather, saying: "Burn this if ever you have need of me, and may your heart never forget your nurse, whose heart breaks for love of you."

Paragraph 7: Basing citizenship off specific enrollment rolls, like the Dawes Roll (that were taken after more than 80 years after Removal, after the Civil War, and after tribal government restructuring), is what scholar Fay A. Yarbrough calls "dramatically different from older conceptions" of tribal identity based on clan relationships, "in which individuals could be fully," for example, "Cherokee without possessing any Cherokee ancestry." And that by the tribe later "developing a quantifiable definition of Cherokee identity based on ancestry," this "would dramatically affect the process of enrollment late in the nineteenth century and the modern procedure of obtaining membership in the Cherokee Nation, both of which require tracing and individuals’ lineage to a ‘Cherokee by blood.’" Thus, the Dawes Roll still upholds "by blood" language and theory of its time even though the tribe does not require blood quantum. Author Robert J. Conley has stated that if a tribe like the Cherokee Nation are "really serious about exercising its sovereignty and determining its membership," then it should not use the roll that "was put together by the U.S. government and then closed by the U.S. government," meaning that a tribal nation is still subject to the settler definitions of its members when other outside nations do not require rolls, ethnicity, race, or blood quantum for citizenship, but rather birth location and descendance.

Paragraph 8: The House of Dior was established on 16 December 1946 at 30 Avenue Montaigne in Paris. However, the current Dior corporation celebrates "1947" as the opening year. Dior was financially backed by wealthy businessman Marcel Boussac. Boussac had originally invited Dior to design for Philippe et Gaston, but Dior refused, wishing to make a fresh start under his own name rather than reviving an old brand. The new couture house became a part of "a vertically integrated textile business" already operated by Boussac. Its capital was at FFr 6 million and workforce at 80 employees. The company was really a vanity project for Boussac and was a "majorly owned affiliate of Boussac Saint-Freres S.A. Nevertheless, Dior was allowed a then-unusual great part in his namesake label (legal leadership, a non-controlling stake in the firm, and one-third of pretax profits) despite Boussac's reputation as a "control freak". Dior's creativity also negotiated him a good salary.

Paragraph 9: When María Emilia Attias was 12 years old, she was discovered on the street and from that moment she began modeling, starring in various campaigns, which helped her pay for her singing and acting classes with Norman Briski. During her teens she was a model in countless graphic campaigns and advertising, in Argentina and abroad. At age 15 she traveled to London to enter the European publishing market. María Emilia Attias began her career in television in 2003, in the youth television series Rebelde Way. In 2004, she was part of the cast of the television series Los Roldán. From 2004 to 2005, she makes a small participation in the television series No hay 2 sin 3. In 2005, she was the host of a program, called Ayer te vi. In 2005, she made her film debut, with a film of Nicolás Capelli, with the film Matar a Videla stars alongside Diego Mesaglio and María Fiorentino. In 2006, she was convened by Reina Reech and Miguel Ángel Cherutti to participate in Inolvidable, theatrical music hall. In 2006, she was part of the cast of the television series Gladiadores de Pompeya. In 2006, she was convened to participate in the contest of Bailando por un Sueño 2006. At the end of the year 2006, with 19 years old, Emilia Attias signed contract with Cris Morena to be one of the protagonist of the youth television series Casi Ángeles with Nicolás Vázquez, Alejo García Pintos, Jimena Barón, Gastón Dalmau, Nicolás Riera, Juan Pedro Lanzani, Mariana Espósito, María Eugenia Suárez, Rocío Igarzábal, Pablo Martínez, Agustín Sierra, Candela Vetrano, María Del Cerro, Stéfano de Gregorio, Gimena Accardi, Julia Calvo, Mariano Torre, Victorio D´Alessandro, Daniela Aita, Mercedes Funes, Lucas Ferraro and Peto Menahem. In 2010, she was the host of a youth program, called Re-creo en vos. In 2010, she was convened again to participate in the contest of Bailando 2010. In 2010, she and her husband Naím Sibara creates, the production company Siamese Productions, which merged with the Israeli production company AmjaTV, made the pilot for Minou. In October 2011, she acted in the movie Días de vinilo . In 2011, she acted in the movie El secreto de Lucía. In 2012, she was the protagonist of the television series Los únicos with Nicolás Vázquez and Nicolás Cabré. In 2013, she was the host of a program, called Reef Classic Pilsener Light Montañita 2013. In 2013, she makes a small participation in the television seriesLos Vecinos en Guerra. From 2013 to 2014, she was one of the protagonist of the television series Mis amigos de siempre. In 2014, she acted in the movie Contrasangre. In 2015, she starred in the play OrguYo, starred alongside Leticia Brédice, directed by Cristian Morales and written by Leticia Brédice. In 2015, she acted in the movie El muerto cuenta su historia. In 2015, she acted in the movie Ojalá vivas tiempos interesantes. In 2016 Emilia Attias returns to cinema with the protagonist in the movie Dolores. In 2016, she makes a small participation in the play El otro lado de la cama. In 2018, she was the protagonist in the movie La sequía. In 2019, she was the host of a program, called Resto del mundo.

Paragraph 10: The area has been a focus point for many of the events of the Troubles; in 1969, a fierce three-day battle against the RUC and local Protestants—known as the Battle of the Bogside—became a starting point of the Troubles. Between 1969 and 1972, the area along with the Creggan and other Catholic areas became a no-go area for the British Army and police. Both the Official and Provisional IRA openly patrolled the area and local residents often paid subscriptions to both. On 30 January 1972, a march organised by the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association against internment that was put into effect the year before turned into a bloodbath known as Bloody Sunday. The British Parachute Regiment shot dead 14 protesters and injured 14 more; this resulted in a large surge of recruitment for both wings of the IRA in the city. After Operation Motorman and the end of Free Derry and other no-go areas in Northern Ireland, the Bogside along with the majority of the city experienced frequent street riots and sectarian conflict lasting all the way to the early 1990s. In 1974, the Official IRA declared an end to their armed campaign, with hardline volunteers on the ground already mad about the ceasefire in mid 1972. In result, Seamus Costello and other socialist militants formed the Irish Republican Socialist Movement. This new movement included the Irish National Liberation Army the paramilitary wing of the IRSM. Derry and particularly the Bogside became one of many strongholds for the INLA; in fact all three volunteers who died in the 1981 Irish hunger strike were from Derry or County Londonderry. The Irish People's Liberation Organisation, a breakaway group of the INLA, made a small but effective presence in Derry. It engaged in a feud with the INLA in the city along with other areas in Ireland from 1987 to 1992. The feud ended with the Provisionals stepping in and killing the main Belfast leadership while letting the rest of the organisation dissolve in the rest of Ireland. Throughout the rest of the 1990s, the Bogside became relatively peaceful compared to other localities of Northern Ireland at that time such as Belfast, even though street riots were still frequent.

Paragraph 11: Maharana Pratap was born to Udai Singh II of Mewar and Jaiwanta Bai. His younger brothers were Shakti Singh, Vikram Singh and Jagmal Singh. Pratap also had 2 stepsisters: Chand Kanwar and Man Kanwar. He was married to Maharani Ajabde Punwar of Bijolia  Amar Singh I. He belonged to the Royal Family of Mewar. After the death of Udai Singh in 1572, Rani Dheer Bai wanted her son Jagmal to succeed him but senior courtiers preferred Pratap, as the eldest son, to be their king. The desire of the nobles prevailed. Udai Singh died in 1572, and Prince Pratap ascended the throne as Maharana Pratap, the 54th ruler of Mewar in the line of the Sisodia Rajputs. Jagmal swore revenge and left for Ajmer, to join the armies of Akbar, and obtained the town of Jahazpur as a Jagir as a gift in return for his help.

Paragraph 12: The setup allows the player to either choose a map or supply size and ocean-to-land ratio to have one generated randomly, and to choose how many (1 to 15) tribes – also called nations – will populate it when the game starts, as well as which intelligence will control each tribe during the game – that is, either a human player or any artificial intelligence such as Gerlach's default AI that is included with the game; alternative AIs have been designed and contributed by other programmers.  A supervisor mode allows games where all tribes are controlled by artificial intelligence.  Games with more than one human player can be played in hotseat mode.

Paragraph 13: The first European record of Aboriginal people along the Castlereagh came through the John Oxley exploration party of 1818. Waiting for waters in the Castlereagh near present-day Coonamble to recede, Oxley wrote on 27 July 1818 that "Natives appear to be numerous; their guniahs (or bark-huts) are in every direction, and by their fire-places several muscle-shells of the same kind as those found on the Lachlan and Macquarie Rivers were seen. Game (kangaroos and emus), frequenting the dry banks of the river, were procured in abundance." At the time, Oxley's party was camped at the banks of the Castlereagh River, and the spot is today marked with a memorial stone 2 km north of the town. After finally crossing the river on 3 August and heading easterly towards the Warrumbungle mountains, Oxley wrote the next day: "The natives appear pretty numerous: one was very daring, maintaining his ground at a distance armed with a formidable jagged spear and club, which he kept beating against each other, making the most singular gestures and noises that can be imagined: he followed us upwards of a mile, when he left us, joining several companions to the right of us. Emus and kangaroos abound, and there is a great diversity of birds, some of which have the most delightful notes, particularly the thrush."

Paragraph 14: 60009 Union of South Africa is a LNER Class A4 steam locomotive built at Doncaster Works on 16 April 1937. It is one of six surviving A4s. Its mainline certification expired in April 2020. As the locomotive is subject to a boiler inspection, it was moved to the East Lancashire Railway as the original plan was to keep it running there until the end of boiler certificate and then send it somewhere else for static display, but a cracked boiler tube forced it into retirement prematurely. It was briefly renamed Osprey during part of the 1980s and 1990s due to political opposition against apartheid in South Africa at the time.

Paragraph 15: The ostrich industry recovered slowly, owing in part to the Second Anglo-Boer War of 1899 to 1902. Boer forces under Commandant Gideon Scheepers were sighted near Oudtshoorn on 25 August 1901, but moved on because the town was well defended. A second and bigger boom started after the war. It was during this period that "feather barons", ostrich farmers who had become rich, built most of Oudtshoorn's famously opulent "feather palaces", their houses, most of them on the west bank of the Grobbelaars River. The town grew even more, and in 1904 it claimed 8,849 residents in the census. This boom peaked in 1913, during which year the highest-quality feathers cost more than $32 a pound in 2012 prices. Ostrich feathers were outranked only by gold, diamonds and wool among South African exports before World War I. The market collapsed in 1914, according to The Chicago Tribune, as a result of "the start of World War I, overproduction and the popularity of open-topped cars, which made ostrich-feather hats impractical." 80% of the ostrich farmers were bankrupted, and the ostriches were set loose or slaughtered for biltong. Domesticated ostriches numbered 314,000 at the end of World War I, but had plummeted to 32,000 by 1930. The Jewish population of Oudtshoorn fell from 1,073 in 1918 to 555 in 1936, and only continued to dwindle.

Paragraph 16: In early 1995, Vanguard was operating scheduled nonstop service between its Kansas City hub and Dallas/Fort Worth, Denver and Milwaukee as well as direct service between Kansas City and Salt Lake City via a stop in Denver with all flights being operated with Boeing 737-200 jets configured with all-coach, single class passenger cabins.  By the summer of 1995, the new start-up airline had added new service between Kansas City and Des Moines, Minneapolis/St. Paul and Wichita as well as between Minneapolis/St. Paul and Chicago Midway Airport, and was also operating nonstop service between Dallas/Fort Worth and Denver, Kansas City and Wichita as well as nonstop flights between Denver and Salt Lake City but was no longer serving Milwaukee.  One year later in the summer of 1996, Vanguard was flying nonstops between Kansas City and California with service to Los Angeles (LAX) and San Francisco (SFO) in addition to operating nonstop service between Wichita and Chicago Midway Airport, Dallas/Fort Worth, Denver and Kansas City.  By the winter of 1996, the airline was operating new service between Kansas City and Atlanta, Fort Myers, Las Vegas, Miami, Orlando and Tampa but was no longer serving Salt Lake City.  Flights between Kansas City and New York City were added to the route system by the late summer of 1997 but service to Des Moines, Las Vegas, Los Angeles and Wichita as well as to the four destinations in Florida had been discontinued. By the fall of 1997, nonstops between Kansas City and Washington D.C. Dulles Airport as well as between Chicago Midway Airport and Pittsburgh were being flown with the airline also operating nonstop service between New York JFK Airport and Atlanta, Kansas City and Pittsburgh.  In 1998, Myrtle Beach was being served nonstop from Atlanta as well as direct from Kansas City via a stop in Atlanta; however, the airline was no longer serving New York City and San Francisco (SFO).  In the summer of 1999, Vanguard was operating a small hub (focus city) at Chicago with nonstop flights between Midway Airport and  Buffalo, Cincinnati, Kansas City, Minneapolis/St. Paul and Pittsburgh in addition to continuing to operate its Kansas City hub, and was also operating seasonal nonstop service between Myrtle Beach and Pittsburgh in 1999.

Paragraph 17: Schreiber was summoned from jail by a Speaker's Warrant issued by Commons Speaker Peter Milliken, and was transported from Toronto to Ottawa on November 28, 2007. He testified before the House of Commons Ethics Committee on November 29, December 4, and December 6, 2007. Schreiber obtained a stay of his extradition from the Ontario Court of Appeal on November 30, and obtained bail on December 4 by posting $1.3 million. Schreiber explained that the $300,000 he paid to Mulroney in three cash installments of $100,000 each, in 1993 and 1994, did not come directly from Airbus, but was drawn from 'success fees', money Schreiber earned in commissions for his lobbying work on behalf of Airbus, MBB, and Thyssen, in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Airbus and MBB had concluded large contracts, for airplanes and helicopters respectively, with the Canadian government while Mulroney was prime minister. Thyssen's project, a prospective new factory for manufacturing light armoured vehicles, had gained initial government approval, but was never built. Schreiber explained further that the money he paid to Mulroney was not for any work Mulroney did while he was prime minister from 1984 to 1993, but was a retainer for future work Mulroney would do for Schreiber after he left political office, as well as a reward for Mulroney's support for German reunification, which was achieved in 1991. This amount was originally set for $500,000, but was reduced because Mulroney did not in fact perform the work, according to Schreiber, who is suing Mulroney to recover that money. Mulroney refused to comment in advance of his scheduled appearance before the Ethics Committee on December 13, 2007. However, six weeks following his appearance, Mulroney's lawyers submitted a letter to the Ethics Committee chairman, Paul Szabo, indicating that their client would not be willing to appear again before the committee because of the "unfair" treatment he encountered on December 13. On February 26, 2008, CTV News reported that Mulroney, through his lawyer, had reiterated his refusal to reappear before the committee, scheduled for February 28. After mulling the possibility of issuing a subpoena, the committee decided the next day that it would wrap up this activity without further testimony. During the hearings, it was revealed that all the Mulroney children's university education was paid from the money that their father received from Schreiber.  

Paragraph 18: The family moved from Bradfield Southend, Berkshire, to Amman, Jordan, in May 1984, where her father worked for British Airways. Middleton attended an English-language nursery school. When her family returned to Berkshire in September 1986, she was enrolled aged four at St Andrew's School, a private school near Pangbourne in Berkshire. She boarded part-weekly at St Andrew's in her later years. In 1995, the Middletons moved to the village of Bucklebury. She studied at Downe House School. She was a boarder at Marlborough College, a co-educational independent boarding school in Wiltshire; Middleton showed talent in sports and was captain of the women's field hockey team. While at Marlborough, she underwent an operation on the left side of her head, reportedly to remove a lump. She obtained three A-Levels in 2000, with an 'A' in mathematics, an 'A' in art, and a 'B' in English. Despite being offered a seat at the University of Edinburgh, she took a gap year, studying at the British Institute of Florence in Italy and travelling to Chile to participate in a Raleigh International programme. She worked as a deckhand at the Port of Southampton in the summer preceding university. Middleton subsequently enrolled at University of St Andrews in Fife, Scotland, studying history of art. She briefly studied psychology before focusing solely on art history. She worked part-time as a waitress during her studies. While attending university, she achieved a gold Duke of Edinburgh Award. Middleton was an active member of The Lumsden Club, which held fundraisers and community projects each year. In 2005, Middleton graduated from the  University of St Andrews with an undergraduate MA (2:1 Hons) in the history of art.

Paragraph 19: The fact that the interfaith committee at the British Council of Churches was at the time located within the Mission Division and was mainly funded by Missionary Societies made reflection on mission an almost inevitable aspect of the director's role. Cracknell's sustained interest in Christian mission is indicated by the title chosen for the 2000 volume, A Great Commission, edited by Martin Forward, in honor of his scholarly contribution. Cracknell's 1985 book, Towards A New Relationship written while serving at the BCC explored many of the Biblical passages, such as John 14: 6 and Acts 4: 2 that Christian cite to defend an exclusive view of salvation as found only through an explicit, with the lips confession of Jesus as Lord and Savior.  Cracknell argued that salvation is to be found "in the Name" but that "His Name is the Name because it affords the means by which human beings share in the grace and love that is the nature of God himself"  His linguistic skill with the Biblical languages often disarmed critics, who saw his approach as a betrayal of Christian truth but who relied on English translations of the two testaments.  Ariarajah says that "without denying any of the positive aspects of mission", Cracknell challenges Christians to re-think their attitudes to Others free from "prejudices stemming from the assumption of cultural superiority." Hugh Goddard refers to a "detailed study" of the Protestant World Missionary Conference of 1910 in Cracknell (1994) in which he "concluded that in some ways nineteenth century Christian thinking, including  that of some missionaries, was readier than subsequent Christian thought to contemplate continuity rather than discontinuity between Christianity and other religions".  "In that sense", says Goddard, Cracknell suggests that "under the influence of Barth and Kraemer the twentieth century has gone backwards rather than forwards."  Cracknell was awarded his Oxford BD for this book.

Paragraph 20: Civiale has been also recently recognized as a pioneer of evidence-based medicine. In 1835, the Académie des Sciences in Paris commissioned a report on the statistical research that had been conducted by him on a wider scale throughout Europe, with the aim of proving that bladder lithotripsy was superior to lithotomy. Civiale used for the first time the method of comparing the relative mortality rates between both groups of patients, and found that the new lithotripsy method had had 7 deaths in 307 operations (2.2%), while the old lithotomy method had 1,024 deaths in 5,443 operations (18.8%). For this study, he received in 1836 the Montyon Prize from the Academy; it was published in 1836 as Parallèle des divers moyens de traiter les calculeux. One of the members of the committee was none other than famous mathematician Siméon Poisson; as a consequence, the Academy recommended that the medical uses of probability should be better studied.

Paragraph 21: Before taking over as the CEO of Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2008, Pearson worked for them as an outside consultant in 2007. In 2008, Pearson began implementing his strategy by selling off portions of Valeant's European business to Meda AB.  In 2010, Valeant and the Canadian-headquartered company Biovail agreed to merge; the resulting company was named Valeant and its headquarters are in Mississauga, Ontario. Pearson was named CEO of the new company and in March 2011 was appointed chairman of the board. The Biovail merger allowed the company to reduce its tax rate to approximately 5% by situating its headquarters in Canada. Later, Valeant would be called upon to testify before Congress, along with Burger King, about how its tax inversion potentially gave it a competitive advantage over American companies. A New York Times article credits Pearson's "tough tactics" for the financial success of the "fast-growing" Valeant. The article also highlights the criticism that Valeant Pharmaceuticals' controversial strategy attracted patients who are finding themselves unable to afford drugs after price hikes by Valeant. This pricing controversy was originally raised when Senator Bernie Sanders and Representative Elijah Cummings sent a letter to Valeant seeking justification for huge price increases it put on two life-saving drugs: Nitropress and Isuprel. The company had raised the price of Isuprel by almost six times and the price of Nitropress by over three times. Shortly after, Democratic members of Congress attempted to subpoena Valeant for this information. As CEO, Pearson's business strategy was to eliminate "risky and inefficient" Research and Development to the equivalent of "only 3 percent of its sales" whereas "traditional big drug companies spend 15 to 20 percent of sales on research and development". Instead, he acquired dozens of companies with existing drugs and saved money by laying off their employees. This model worked and Valeant's stock price rose by over 1000%. By 2013, under Pearson's tenure, Valeant became the largest pharmaceutical company in Canada. By 2015 Pearson had "nearly $US 3 billion in stock and options" in Valeant, with "the potential to own hundreds of millions of dollars more." Since Pearson became CEO, Valeant shares "have returned more than 2,300 per cent" making Valeant the "most valuable" performer on the Toronto Stock Exchange. By July 2015, Valeant's market capitalization was $CDN 113 billion, which is about $4 billion more than the Royal Bank of Canada. However, by October of that same year, negative press surrounding its pricing tactics and a particularly negative analyst report from Citron Research dropped Valeant's stock to approximately $CDN 78 billion.

Paragraph 22: Endymion left the dry dock on 7 January 1869. On 26 January, a sub-lieutenant serving on board  was court-martialled on board HMS Hibernia for false accounting in connection with the gun-room wine accounts whilst serving on board Endymion during 1867. He was further charged with destroying part of the issue-book relating to the wine accounts. The first charge was found to be partly proved, whilst he was found not guilty on the second charge. He was sentenced to be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service. She sailed from Malta on 27 January in the company of  bound for Gibraltar. She was reported to be at Cadiz, Spain on 11 February, and at Gibraltar a month later. She departed on 22 March for Málaga, Spain, where she arrived on 3 April. She then received orders to sail to England to join the Flying Squadron. Endymion sailed to Spithead via Lisbon, Portugal, arriving on 1 May. On 21 May 1869, Edward Lacy took command of Endymion. She sailed on 10 June for Plymouth Sound. Endymion was to join a Flying Squadron which was to sail around the world. The other ships were , ,  and .  was to join the squadron at Bahia, Brazil once her repairs had been completed. Scylla was the fastest, and Endymion was the slowest of the six ships. Barossa caught up with the squadron by the time Madeira was reached on 1 July. The squadron departed for Bahia the next day. On 9 July, a race under sail was held between the six ships. Endymion was sixth and last, behind Barossa, which was 24½ cables (4.54 km) ahead. The squadron departed from Bahia on 4 August, minus Bristol, which returned to Plymouth. The squadron then sailed to Rio de Janeiro, Argentina, departing on 26 July for Montevideo, Uruguay, where the squadron arrived on 6 August. During the voyage from Rio de Janeiro, a fatal case of yellow fever was reported on board one of the ships. The squadron departed on 11 September for The Cape, where it arrived on 4 October. Bristol rejoined the squadron there. The squadron departed from Cape Town on 16 October bound for Melbourne, Victoria. On 9 November, the squadron was caught in a storm and scattered, with all ships sustaining some damage to their rigging and sails. The squadron reached Melbourne on 26 November, anchoring in the mouth of the Yarra Yarra River at Williamstwon. The citizens of Melbourne gave the squadron an enthusiastic welcome. It sailed for Sydney on 7 December, arriving on 12 December. On 29 December, the squadron sailed for Hobart, Tasmania.

Paragraph 23: On 17 September 2011, in the first round of the Adriatic League, Pijetlović and Sandro Sukno were the top scorers with each scoring three times in an easy 14–6 home win against Jadran HN. In the second round on 24 September, he scored a goal against Koper Rokava in a 16–4 home win. On 1 October Pijetlović scored two goals in a 10–7 Adriatic League away win against VK Jug. On 8 October in the Adriatic League fourth round, Pijetlović and his team-mate and fellow countryman Prlainović were the top scorers with each scoring three times in a 14–8 away win against Medveščak. Pijetlović was again the top scorer of the fifth round in his team on 15 October, he scored three goals in a 15–8 home win against Primorje EB. On 22 October Pijetlović scored a goal in the first round of the Euroleague Group in an easy 13–5 win over Spartak Volgograd. On 26 October Pijetlović scored another goal in an easy 15–5 away win against Jadran ST, but this time in the sixth round of the Adriatic League. On 29 October, in the Adriatic League seventh round 13–9 home win against Mladost, Pijetlović scored three goals. Pijetlović scored his sixteenth Adriatic League goal on 5 November, in a 14–7 away win against Šibenik. On 9 November Pijetlović scored his second goal of the tournament in the second round of the Euroleague, in a 13–4 away victory against CN Marseille. But just after 3 days, on 12 November, he scored an amazing five goals for his team in 16–7 away win against Budva M:tel, in the ninth round of the Adriatic League. On 26 November Pijetlović scored two goals in the Euroleague third round, in a 10–8 win against VK Jadran HN. On 30 November he scored another two goals, but in the eleventh round Adriatic League 16–1 away win over Primorac. Pijetlović managed to score just one goal on 3 December in a humiliating 21–0 defeat over POŠK in the twelfth round of the Adriatic League. In the thirteenth round on 10 December, Pijetlović scored two goals against Mornar BS in a 20–8 away win. Pijetlović scored three goals on 14 December in the fourth round of the Euroleague, in a 14–9 away win against VK Jadran HN. How the tournament went on, Duško Pijetlović lifted his form. On 8 February 2012. in the fifth round of the Euroleague, he scored an astonishing seven goals in a 15–7 win against CN Marseille. With seven goals scored he doubled up his tally to fourteen goals overall in Euroleague so far. 3 days later he scored his 27th goal in Adriatic League fifteenth round 9–8 home win against Jug CO. He made it 30 in a win over Primorje EB by 13–6 on 18 February, in the sixteenth round. On 25 February, in the last round of the Euroleague group stage, Pijetlović scored three goals in the 18–7 away win against Spartak Volgograd. Four days later, Pijetlović alongside his team-mate Filipović scored five goals in the Adriatic League fourteenth-round game behind, in a 21–5 easy home win over Mornar BS. On 3 March Pijetlović scored a goal in a 12–7 Adriatic League away win against Mladost.

Paragraph 24: The first recorded commission for the firm, around 1875–76, was a complete rebuild of Blenheim House (56 Old Steine) in the centre of Brighton.  This was one of several old buildings (along with Marlborough House and Steine House) on the west side of Brighton's first fashionable area, the low-lying grassland of Old Steine.  In 1876–77, they extended the Brighton Friends Meeting House, built for Quakers in 1805, and in 1894 they extended and comprehensively redesigned the town's famous Theatre Royal, partly in response to new fire regulations.  Much of the firm's early work, though, consisted of housebuilding and surveying in the rapidly developing residential town of Hove, a comfortable middle-class counterpoint to the neighbouring resort of Brighton, in which "a certain gentility prevails" in the spacious streets of finely detailed houses.  The landmark Gwydyr Mansions at the bottom of Holland Road, a Flemish Renaissance red-brick and ashlar block of mansion flats with integral facilities such as a restaurant and barber shop, date from 1890.  Their next work was in Lansdowne Road (1891), Furze Hill (1893), Holland Road (1895: a studio) and Portland Road (1895: several pairs of semi-detached houses and villas).  On Holland Road, a major north–south route, they were also responsible for shops, flats and a religious institute in 1898, a factory for Green & Company in 1911, and a set of garages in 1925.  From 1895, they were the main surveyors to the Vallance Estate, a development of high-class Domestic Revival/Queen Anne-style red-brick housing on land owned by the Vallance family.  In particular, they were engaged at Pembroke Crescent and Pembroke Avenue, part of the Pembroke & Princes conservation area, almost continuously between 1895 and 1906, and at Vallance Road and Vallance Gardens until 1907.  At the same time, but back in Brighton, they built a seaside convalescent home for French nationals who were patients at the French Hospital in London.  The distinctive turreted structure is now Grade II-listed.  Also contemporary were a veterinary surgery on Goldsmid Road and the small terraced streets between Old Shoreham Road, Sackville Road and the railway line—Frith, Poynter, Landseer, Prinsep and Leighton Roads.  Between 1892 and 1900 they also built up Sackville Road, another important north–south route, with shops, houses and the vicarage of St Barnabas' Church.  In 1894–97, they were responsible for a large complex of school buildings in the Aldrington area of Hove, and in 1900 they designed and built a new hall at the Ellen Street schools in Hove (demolished in 1974)—an elaborate Queen Anne-style building designed in 1877 by Thomas Simpson, under whom Clayton was studying at that time.  Also in 1894, they were engaged in Royal Tunbridge Wells in Kent to design a Quaker meeting house.

Paragraph 25: By the middle of 1930, SR 20 was established from SR 61 in Rydal to SR 5 in Canton. The entire Rome–Cartersville and Buford–Lawrenceville segments had a completed hard surface. Also, SR 53 was designated from the Alabama state line to Rome, farther to the north than SR 20. Later that year, the portion of SR 20 and SR 53 west of Rome were swapped. By the beginning of 1932, US 19 was shifted farther to the west and off of the current SR 20 between Buford and Lawrenceville; at the same time, US 23 was designated on this same segment. In January 1932, SR 20 was established from Canton to Cumming. SR 68, from Cumming to Buford, was decommissioned and redesignated as part of SR 20. Also, since SR 13 was shifted to a more western alignment, its segment from Buford to Lawrenceville was also redesignated as part of SR 20. A few months later, SR 20 was established from Loganville to Conyers. Nearly a year later, SR 20 was established from Conyers to McDonough. The next month, the western part of the segment from the Alabama state line to Rome was under construction. Later that year, SR 20 was designated along SR 61 from Cartersville to Rydal, with the entire length having a sand clay or top soil surface. Also, a portion of the highway east of Canton was under construction. Before the year ended, US 41W between Rome and Cartersville was redesignated as part of US 411, which was also designated along SR 20/SR 61 from Cartersville to Rydal. At this time, the Rockdale County portion of the segment between Loganville and Conyers was under construction. By the middle of 1935, the western half of the Canton–Cumming segment was under construction. By October of that year, a small portion east of Canton had a sand clay or top soil surface. At the end of the year, a small portion north-northeast of Cartersville, as well as a small portion north-northeast of Conyers, had a completed hard surface. Later in 1936, the central portion of the SR 20/SR 61 segment, from Cartersville to Rydal, had completed grading, but was not surfaced. A few months later, a small portion south-southwest of Rydal had a completed hard surface. The entire Forsyth County portion of the Canton–Cumming segment, except for the eastern end, was under construction. Also, the entire Gwinnett County portion of the Cumming–Buford segment had completed grading, but was not surfaced. By the middle of the year, the central portion of SR 20/SR 61, from Cartersville to Rydal, had a completed hard surface. Also, the eastern three-fourths of the Canton–Cumming segment was under construction. A few months later, the western third of this segment had a completed hard surface, while the eastern third of it had completed grading, but was not surfaced. The northern half of the segment between Lawrenceville and Loganville, and nearly the entire northern half of the segment between Conyers and McDonough, also had completed grading, but was not surfaced. About two years later, US 23 was shifted farther to the west and off of SR 20's path. Also, a small portion northeast of Buford had a sand clay or top soil surface. Before the year ended, about half of the total length of the segment from the Alabama state line and Rome had a completed hard surface.

Paragraph 26: In a Spanish garden overlooking the sea an artist comes upon a solitary woman. He goes away, not wishing to disturb her solitude, but is suddenly impelled to rush back, realising that she means to commit suicide. To save her he takes her back to her hotel and spends the night in her room while she tells him the story of her life. It begins with her childhood, Celia – the name by which the artist calls her, not knowing her real one – was a reserved, highly imaginative, shy and inarticulate child. Occasionally she has a strange dream in which she sees a malevolent-eyed man, a figure which haunts her throughout her life. He is psychologically her symbol for fear. At fifteen she goes to Paris to study music. She becomes a very fine pianist and a good singer, but her temperament handicaps her and prevents her doing herself justice in public. Her mother takes her to Egypt for a winter season, where her beauty and good dancing make her a success with men in spite of her shyness. Celia attracts many admirers, including Major De Burgh, a sensualist who writes her wonderful love letters but is less pleasing in the flesh; Jim Grant, an intensely practical youth, to whom Celia becomes engaged, but who frankly bores her; and Peter Maitland, easy-going, lovable and tenderly devoted. She promises to marry Peter, but while he is in India with his regiment she meets Dermot, who sweeps her off her feet with his egotistical devotion and insists on their being married almost at once. For several years they are happy, but finally she divorces him. For years she travels, a woman whom many men have loved, but never yet has found love. A prey to her own fears, to her refusal to face up to realities, she comes at last to the place where the artist had found her. In a very moving scene she recognises in the artist the incarnation of her ideals and desires.

Paragraph 27: G.B.H. is a seven-part British television drama written by Alan Bleasdale shown in the summer of 1991 on Channel 4. Described by Bleasdale as "one caring, liberal madman's odyssey through the appalling farce of life in Britain today", its protagonists are Michael Murray (played by Robert Lindsay), the hard-left Labour leader of a city council in the North of England, and Jim Nelson (played by Michael Palin), the headmaster of a special school. In normal parlance, the initials 'G.B.H.' refer to the criminal charge of grievous bodily harm (i.e. causing someone serious injury). However, Bleasdale claimed in an interview on the DVD that the title is supposed to stand for 'Great British Holiday'.

Paragraph 28: After his matriculation in 1928, he started a job at the Baripada Power House as an apprentice. During this time, he also built his own house at Baripada. Later P.K. Singh, Dewan of then Mayurbhanj State, sent him Serampore (near Kolkata) to get some industrial training. He took his technical training at three different places of West Bengal- Serampore in Hooghly district, Shantiniketan in Birbhum district, and Gosaba Training Center at South 24 Parganas district. After acquiring the necessary technical education, he was appointed as a teacher at the Baripada Technical Institute. After a brief stint in the technical institute, he joined as a teacher at the Badamtalia Primary School in 1933. Many people believed that he sometimes used Ol Chiki script while teaching in the class. One of his students (son of a carpenter) carved out the letters he wrote on a wooden chapati roller. After applying the ink on that roller, if someone rolls that roller on a paper letters would be printed on that paper. The first book, named Horh Sereng, in Ol Chiki script was published in 1936. Finally a script worth seeing. He published his first play Bidu-Chandan in 1942. In the novel, he described how Bidu (god) and Chandan (Goddess) who came to earth as human beings,  invented the Ol Chiki script in order to express their love for each other using written Santali. This book was exhibited in a function at Baripada where the king of Mayurbhanj State was also invited. King understood the worth of this newly developed script. During this time, he used to stay in the house of Sudhir Majhi at the Bhutadi village. That place is now known as Master Bari. There was also a stage near his house. The first show of his play Bidu Chandan was staged there. Many people came to see his play Bidu Chandan when it was first staged in his native village. Later he also taught at the Gambaria, Bahalda, and Rairangpur high schools. During that period, he used to visit different Santali villages in Mayurbhanj, and Jharkhand and taught the use of his developed Ol Chiki script. In this way, the Ol Chiki script reached out to a large number of Santali peoples. People loved him as a teacher and started calling him Pandit Raghunath Murmu.

Paragraph 29: In February 1945, during World War II, a group of young men, members of the Serbian United Antifascist Youth League, decided to form a Youth Physical Culture Society, that was to become Red Star Belgrade on 4 March. At the end of the Second World War, several pre-war Yugoslav clubs were dissolved because they had played matches during the war and were labelled collaborators by Marshal Josip Broz Tito's communist authorities. Two of these clubs from Belgrade were SK Jugoslavija and BSK Belgrade. Red Star was formed from the remains of Jugoslavija and they were given Jugoslavija's stadium, offices, players, and even their red and white colours. The name Red Star was assigned to the club after a long discussion, and the first vice presidents of the sport society, Zoran Žujović and Slobodan Ćosić, were the ones who assigned it. After numerous proposals, Ćosić finally said: "Should we call our society the Star?", and Žujović spontaneously said: "Great, if it is the Star, let it be Red Star". With this proposal all the attendees were agree, although there were suggestions that the club called the Blue Star. Anyway, Red star was soon adopted as a symbol of Serbia, a sporting institution that remains the country's most popular to this day. On that day, Red Star played the first football match in the club's history against the First Battalion of the Second Brigade of KNOJ (People's Defence Corps of Yugoslavia) and won 3–0. Five days later, a football section was formed, led by Kosta Tomašević and Predrag Đajić. The two of them defended the honor of Red Star on the playing field - Tomašević was the first striker and scorer in the history of the club (who scored also the first European goal for Red Star against Rapid JC during the 1956–57 European Cup), and Đajić was a strong midfielder. In the post-war 1946 season, Red Star won the Serbian Championship and thus was promoted to the Yugoslav First League. In the first seasons, the club achieved the 3rd place and two vice-championships. However, in the period from 1948 to 1950, the club scored a series of hat-trick triumphs in Yugoslav Cups, winning finals against city rival Partizan, Naša Krila of Zemun and Dinamo Zagreb. Red Star's first League championship was won in spectacular fashion. Three rounds before the end, Dinamo from Zagreb were five points ahead in the league (winning a match earned a club two points at the time.) However, the team from Zagreb was defeated by a team from Sarajevo, and Red Star won the rivals’ duel for the championship and entered the last round, trailing by a single point. The match between BSK Belgrade and Dinamo ended in a 2–2 draw, and the Championship was decided a day later, on 4 November, in a match with Partizan. Red Star's eternal rival had won the previous derby very convincingly earlier that season (6–1), but this time, Red Star produced the 2–0 scoreline that was needed and thanks to a slightly better goal-average, they became the national champion of Yugoslavia for the very first time.

Paragraph 30: "30 Days" is about being a part from the person you love and counting down the minutes until you're back together. "The song really struck a chord with us – it's a situation all of us can relate to, and we think a lot of fans will relate to it as well." Rochelle Humes explained the concept of the single, "It’s a really amazing, catchy song but the sentiment behind it is being all excited and counting down the days to seeing someone when you’ve really been missing that person." The band revealed that they wanted to create an album which was "amazing", "crazy" and "very pop". King said "What About Us" features  reggae pop music influence, a little different from what band usually record, but the track is still really "dancey" and "upbeat", as well a good song to dance to on either stage or at a club. When Una Healy was asked what the song was about she said that she "did not know" what the song was exactly about. "To be honest I was trying to figure out the other day what exactly it's about. I could bullshit away telling you, but I really don't know. But I think it's all about someone driving you crazy." She said she "thinks" that 'What About Us' part means "me and you getting together". She did point out that she did know that the song was about "making you happy" and that the track was good for the summer and will get you on the dancefloor. Rochelle Humes said that the band had recorded a new track, which features a more "edgy" vibe than their previous material. She also said that the track would be released at the end of Summer, which was revealed to be "Gentleman". She also said "It's very dancey", and that they hoped to experiment with other types of music genres on the album, she said: "It's going to be a lot more edgy than our previous stuff and what we are known for. I think we are definitely a pop band so we will carry on doing what we do best." She said that her most favourite thing about being a singer is that she can try out different styles of genres. The band warned fans that the new album would have a "fresh sound". Although, the said they weren't changing the sound too much. "It's a fresh start for a new album as it's got that slight reggae vibe, but is still a dance pop record."