Paragraph 1: Mark Mallman has earned a reputation as one of the Twin Cities' must-see live acts, complete with his own star on the wall outside First Avenue. He started his career in the late 1990s with the short-lived band, the Odd, a surprisingly popular postmodern joke on 1970s rock histrionics.  Days after they topped the City Pages "Best new Band" poll, they broke up, but reunited to record and release one album, Oh My G*d – It's the Odd in 1998, which was co-written and co-produced by Mallman.  His solo debut came in 1998 with the release of The Tourist.  In 2000, Mallman issued his sophomore effort, How I Lost My Life and Lived to Tell about It, which featured guest spots by Kat Bjelland of Babes in Toyland and Mallman's schoolmate, Davey von Bohlen of The Promise Ring.  The Red Bedroom, his third album, was issued in Spring 2002. It was produced by Radiohead producer Paul Q. Kolderie.  The Who's Gonna Save You Now? EP and the live effort Live from First Avenue, Minneapolis were released in 2003.

Paragraph 2: Mikheil Janelidze continued his active work on the European integration agenda of Georgia in his new capacity. He coordinated negotiations with the European Union as well as implementation of the EU related reforms by the Government of Georgia. In 2017, Georgia achieved a visa-free travel arrangement with the European Union for Georgian citizens. By December 2015 Georgia had fulfilled the Visa Liberalization Action Plan monitored by the EU Commission and the ball was on the side of EU Member States and EU Institutions to take their decisions, though they were reluctant to move the process forward due to the migration crisis in the EU and requests from other countries as well, like Ukraine, Turkey and Kosovo to grant visa free regimes. The German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, has described the migrant crisis as a "historic test" for Europe. "We fully understand the difficulties the EU is facing today, from increased migration to the rise of populism and extremist ideologies. However, we should also look at the costs of unnecessary and hardly justified delays in making decisions to honor mutual commitments," Janelidze stated at the Conference ‘Visa Liberalization as an EU Foreign Policy Tool’ in Brussels on 1 December 2016. After the active negotiations with the different stakeholders in the EU and its member states,  Georgia achieved a visa-free travel arrangement with the European Union for Georgian citizens in March 2017. Georgia successfully implemented the first EU Association Agenda and negotiated a new, more ambitious agenda for 2017–2020. After the visa-liberalization process, in order to set new targets for achieving Georgia's eventual membership in the EU, Mikheil Janelidze initiated a "Road Map 2 EU", prioritizing the full and effective implementation of the Association Agreement, including DCFTA with the EU; enhancing the integration process with 6 new directions (1. Deeper institutional and legislative approximation; 2. Joining more EU agencies; 3. Joining more EU programs; 4. Strengthening Sectoral Dialogue; 5. Broadening dialogue on defense and security; 6. Achieving maximum physical integration with the EU market through transport, energy and communication projects.); Full realization of the potential provided by the Eastern Partnership Program its program "20 Deliverables for 2020". The first high-level EU–Georgia Strategic Security Dialogue took place in 2017 in Tbilisi. The meeting confirmed the EU's appreciation for Georgia's important role in strengthening security and stability in the region and beyond. Janelidze signed the Agreement between Georgia and the European Union on Security Procedures for Exchanging and Protecting Classified Information as another step towards the integration with the EU and confirmation that Georgia is a reliable partner to the EU. Georgia was named by EBRD as a leader of the second wave of countries in eastern and central Europe, with its progressive reforms. Georgia joined the Energy Community to develop its energy sector and make a step closer to ensuring this sector meets top European standards. After the structural reform of the government of Georgia, which included the merger of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the State Minister's Office for European and Euroatlantic Integration, Janelidze created the EU Integration General Directorate under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Paragraph 3: Federico Matalascallando Corcuera, known as Quico, is a spoiled, greedy, overprotected 9-year-old boy, son of Doña Florinda and a late naval captain (also named Federico), who reportedly died when his vessel was attacked and, according to Quico, was eaten by a white shark. Arrogant, manipulative, and envious, Quico always wants to draw everyone's attention to himself, either by screaming loudly or by showing off his newest toy. Because of this, he usually gets El Chavo in trouble when he does something wrong, especially to Don Ramón, after which Don Ramón hits El Chavo angrily on the head. Partially due to his mother's influence (and former wealth and status as the wife of a naval officer), he believes that he and his mother are superior to everyone else in the neighborhood. He still finds time to play with—as he and his mother call them – chusma ("riffraff"), namely Chavo, Chilindrina, and Don Ramón. However, Quico has proved many times to be Chavo's best friend, often assisting him in Chavo's mischievous acts, as seen due to the fact that they are mostly seen playing together in the front yard, and that he was genuinely hurt when El Chavo left La Vecindad in the episodes "El Ratero de la Vecindad" and "El Billete de Loteria". Moreover, Quico is a good kid deep inside, even though there are several occasions in which he acts self-centered. Quico wears a rainbow-colored beanie cap, a dark blue naval officer's shirt with a red ascot, bright yellow socks he pulls all the way up to his knees, and white low-top shoes. He is also widely identified by his enormous cheeks, which he can puff out quite largely, and his minuscule intelligence, often responding to the Spanish words for idiot, stupid, dummy, etc. (he even displays delight about being called such things, oblivious to the fact that all these words are insults). Despite his stupidity, Quico displays more deceptive abilities and common sense than Chavo, and is the most likely to break the fourth wall (especially regarding that four of his quotes do this so). Often in the series Quico mentions that he has or that his mom will buy him a "square ball" and in "Termina el Romance" he and El Chavo refused to help Professor Jirafales reconcile with his mother due to Professor Jirafales having promised to them a square ball. In 1979, when Carlos Villagran quit the show, Quico is said (in the episode named "Vámonos al Cinema?") to have gone off to live with his rich godmother, reportedly "unable to stand the riffraff anymore." No one in the show ever talked about him afterwards, or said anything about his absence, as if he had never existed. Villagran's character, Quico, starred in a rather short-lived spin-off series, ¡Ah qué Kiko! in the late 1980s, which attempted to revive the series using a "hip-hop" twist and gave Villagran's character a slight wardrobe make-over.

Paragraph 4: One Year Later, Pied Piper was seen in the pages of both The Flash (vol. 3), and Countdown teaming with a new group of Rogues led by Inertia. The team of Rogues has him working with his parents' murderer, Mirror Master. Piper reveals that he has rejoined the Rogues with a plan of infiltrating them, but when Captain Cold, Heat Wave, and Weather Wizard successfully murder Bart Allen, he and Trickster are forced on the run together. They are pursued by heroes and villains alike in the form of the Suicide Squad, the Question and Batwoman, Poison Ivy and Deathstroke, and eventually Piper's former friend and the newly returned previous Flash, Wally West. Wally confines the two of them at the wedding of Green Arrow and Black Canary, despite the warnings that Deathstroke is planning an all-out assault at the occasion. They manage to escape the wedding assault, while inadvertently picking up Double Down as a passenger. The trio stop at a diner, only to be attacked by the Suicide Squad. Double Down is captured, but Piper and Trickster, using an invisibility field, decide to follow the Squad and free the other captured villains. After encountering and freeing Two-Face, Piper and Trickster are again attacked by Deadshot, who pursues them relentlessly until he succeeds in murdering Trickster. With Trickster's death, the cuffs activate a 24-hour self-destruct, which Piper is able to delay with his flute. When the train they are on is submitted to a border check, Piper flees into the desert. Delirious from the heat, he begins to imagine Trickster's corpse is talking to him. After severing the hand from the rest of the corpse, Piper is brought to Apokolips by DeSaad. Desaad unlocks the shackles, and claims that Piper can channel the Anti-Life Equation and control the planet. Before the Piper can do so, Brother Eye finishes assimilating Apokolips.

Paragraph 5: David Cook and David Archuleta, the winner and runner-up of American Idol season 7 were the first guest stars to introduce their own music video at the #1 spot. David Archuleta introduced his video "Crush" on November 15, 2008. The following Countdown on November 22, 2008,  Cook made a guest appearance to introduce his music video for "Light On" which was making its Countdown Debut at #1. Shinedown joined the group to introduce a song at #1 when their video for "Second Chance" was #1 on May 16, 2009. Introducing "Come Back To Me" at #1 on May 30, 2009, made David Cook the first to introduce two music videos at #1 on two occasions. Later in 2009 Daughtry introduced their music video for "No Surprise" at #1 on July 18, 2009, and British singer Jay Sean introduced his music video for "Down" at #1 on October 17, 2009. After four months of no one introducing their own video at #1, Adam Lambert would also join the group as he introduced his video, "Whataya Want from Me," at #1 on February 20, 2010. At VH1's Winter Wonderland Countdown Special, The Script introduced their video, Breakeven at #1 on March 6, 2010. For five months, no one had introduced their song at number one until August 21, 2010, where B.o.B introduced Airplanes at #1. Two months later, on October 9,  Bruno Mars introduced his #1 single, "Just the Way You Are," at #1. Following a four- to five-month absence of an artist introduction at #1, on February 26, 2011, Adele introduced "Rolling in the Deep" at #1. On November 5, 2011, Kelly Clarkson introduced "Mr. Know It All" at #1 after a nine-month absence. On March 24, 2012, Neon Hitch introduced "[[Ass Back Home]|Get Yourself Back Home]]" at #1. Since then there has been no one else to introduce their own videos at #1, but it is likely there will be more by looking at past Countdowns where this has occurred.

Paragraph 6: The first part of the novel is laid out as an opera, with act and scene numbers as chapter titles and each of the characters being assigned a singing voice. Joseph quickly begins to suspect that Cynthia's entire family is engaging in incestuous behaviour, and that her mother Mimi is building a golem in the basement.  The first part of the novel ends (operatically) in death. The second part is presented somewhat more conventionally, as Joseph attempts to recover from the events of the first part; this half of the book follows the form of a 12-step program. The first section of the novel is printed in black ink, while the 12-step program is printed in dark red.

Paragraph 7: The orphans start interacting with the Maza children and with Candela, who develops a troubled relationship with Mariano. She actually is unsure between him and Matías, a handsome neighbor boy. The attention and love Candela receives from everyone cause intense jealousy in Ines. Despite Pía's attempts to separate them, Ana and Juan become lovers, and she decides to ruin their family starting with the orphans. She sends Bautista and Santiago to the Hogar de las Sombras, a horrible child prison, soon before Ana and Juan's wedding. The couple tries to avoid her decision, but since Pía legally assumed the orphanage, Ana authorizes believing the boys are going to a travel. Ana and Juan get married and Candela chooses Mariano over Matías. The orphans emotionally say goodbye to Ana, and Candela is left on their care. However, Pía hires thugs to get rid from the children (the orphans and the Maza kids). Mariano loses contact with his father and he and Candela attempt to escape with the kids from her men, until the group is caught. Candela realizes Pía is mentally ill and Mariano discovers she legally assumed the children. Their last attempt is to fly in Ana's balloon, but only Mariano and Candela are able to flee. As the couple lift off, they are told by Camila to be happy together. The group is then taken to the Hogar de Las Sombras, where they are reunited with Santiago and Bautista. In the horrible place, they have to deal with its rigorous janitors and violent interns, until Maria mitigates them using the messages written in the Book of Life. The group decides to escape from the child prison, struggling against its guards. While they escape, Pía insanely burns the granary, dying in the fire. As the kids flee from their prison, Maria has a vision of Ana and Juan in the skies, and realises that is the right moment to find the Rincón de Luz manor, their last chance to have a family again.

Paragraph 8: Sta-Prest jeans are marketed as being wearable straight out of the dryer, with no need for ironing. The trousers were especially popular among British mods of the mid 1960s and skinheads of the late 1960s (as well as among traditionalist skinheads and mod revivalists of later decades). Vintage pairs of Sta-Prest trousers have become collector's items. Other companies, such as Lee and Wrangler, produced similar styles of trousers during that same period. Lee's version was called Lee Prest, which came in similar colors and patterns as Sta-Prest; although they were much slimmer and tapered. Decades later, Merc started marketing a brand called Sta Press.

Paragraph 9: In basketball, a block or blocked shot occurs when a defensive player legally deflects a field goal attempt from an offensive player to prevent a score. The defender is not allowed to make contact with the offensive player's hand (unless the defender is also in contact with the ball) or a foul is called. In order to be legal, the block must occur while the shot is traveling upward or at its apex. A deflected field goal that is made does not count as a blocked shot and simply counts as a successful field goal attempt for shooter plus the points awarded to the shooting team. For the shooter, a blocked shot is counted as a missed field goal attempt. Also, on a shooting foul, a blocked shot cannot be awarded or counted, even if the player who deflected the field goal attempt is different from the player who committed the foul. If the ball is heading downward when the defender hits it, it is ruled as goaltending and counts as a made basket. Goaltending is also called if the block is made after the ball bounces on the backboard (NFHS excepted; the NCAA also used this rule until the 2009–10 season).

Paragraph 10: Mrożek's family lived in Kraków during World War II. He finished high school in 1949 and in 1950 debuted as a political hack-writer on Przekrój. In 1952 he moved into the government-run Writer's House (ZLP headquarters with the restricted canteen). In 1953, during the Stalinist terror in postwar Poland, Mrożek was one of several signatories of an open letter from ZLP to Polish authorities supporting the persecution of Polish religious leaders imprisoned by the Ministry of Public Security. He participated in the defamation of Catholic priests from Kraków, three of whom were condemned to death by the Communist government in February 1953 after being groundlessly accused of treason (see the Stalinist show trial of the Kraków Curia). Their death sentences were not enforced, although Father Józef Fudali died in unexplained circumstances while in prison. Mrożek wrote a full-page article for the leading newspaper in support of the verdict, entitled "Zbrodnia główna i inne" (The Capital Crime and Others), comparing death-row priests to degenerate SS-men and Ku-Klux-Klan killers. He married Maria Obremba living in Katowice and relocated to Warsaw in 1959. In 1963 Mrożek travelled to Italy with his wife and decided to defect together. After five years in Italy, he moved to France and in 1978 received French citizenship.

Paragraph 11: On September 3, 2020, the Tennessee Titans signed Gostkowski on a one-year deal. Gostkowski was a teammate of Titans head coach Mike Vrabel from 2006 to 2008, when Vrabel played linebacker for the Patriots. In the season opener against the Denver Broncos, Gostkowski struggled, missing three field goals and an extra point. However, with 17 seconds left in the game, Gostkowski kicked a game-winning field goal, putting the Titans up 16–14. In Week 2 versus the Jacksonville Jaguars, Gostkowski made three of four extra point attempts and two field goal attempts, including a 49-yard game-winner late in the fourth quarter. Gostkowski was crucial to the Titans' Week 3 win versus the Minnesota Vikings, making all six of his field goals, including another game-winner late in the fourth quarter, this time from 55 yards out. He was named the AFC Special Teams Player of the Week for his performance in Week 3. On October 1, 2020, Gostkowski was named the AFC Special Teams Player of the Month for his performance in September. After not attempting a field goal in week five of the regular season, Gostkowski made only one of five attempted field goals in Weeks 6-8, notably missing a 45 yard game-tying field goal with 19 seconds left in the 4th quarter in a 24–27 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers in Week 7. Had Gostkowski made the kick, the game would have likely been sent into overtime. Gostkowski would however, only miss one of his nine attempted field goals in Weeks 9-16. He did not play in the Week 17 game against the Houston Texans due to being placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list and was replaced by rookie Sam Sloman. The Titans won the AFC South with an 11-5 record, with Gostkowski finishing the season making 18 out of 26 field goals and making 44 out of 46 extra points, the only missed extra points being from the first two games of the season. Gostkowski was later removed from the reserve/COVID-19 list and cleared to return for the Titans in the playoffs, making his two attempted field goals and one extra point as the Titans lost 20–13 to the Baltimore Ravens the Wild Card Round.

Paragraph 12: The Flashes continued their success under Jim Christian, winning over 20 games every season he was coach along with MAC East titles in 2003, 2004, 2006, and 2008; MAC overall titles in 2006 and 2008; and winning the MAC tournament again in 2006 and 2008.  In both 2003 and 2004, Kent State lost in the MAC tournament championship game and received bids to the NIT.  Following their 2006 MAC tournament title, they advanced to the 2006 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament as a 12th seed where they lost in the opening round.  In 2004, Kent State broke the MAC record for consecutive seasons with 20 or more wins by posting their sixth consecutive season.  The streak is currently at ten as the 2007–2008 team won their 20th game on February 12, 2008 at Central Michigan University.  In addition, Kent State broke the record for consecutive seasons with ten or more conference wins in a season by posting their ninth consecutive season of ten or more conference wins in 2006–2007, breaking the previous record of eight.  The 2007–2008 season has seen several firsts and milestones for the program.  On February 19, 2008, the Flashes recorded their 1,000th win in program history, a 76–66 win over the Buffalo Bulls at Buffalo's Alumni Arena.  On February 24, the Flashes scored their first-ever win against a ranked team in the regular season, defeating the Saint Mary's Gaels 65–57 in Moraga, California.  This was followed by Kent State's first-ever regular season ranking, rising to 23rd in the Associated Press poll and 24th in the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll.  With their 61–58 win at Akron on March 9 to close out the regular season, Kent State set a program record for wins in the regular season with 25, breaking the previous record of 24 set in the 2001–2002 season. Following their fifth conference tournament title, Kent State earned the highest seed in school history, a ninth seed in the Midwestern region of the 2008 NCAA tournament, where they fell to the UNLV Runnin' Rebels in the opening round.  On March 29 Jim Christian resigned to take the head coaching job at Texas Christian University.  He finished with a career record of 138–58 at Kent State.  Christian was replaced by his top assistant coach Geno Ford, who officially took over the program on April 2.

Paragraph 13: Massad F. Ayoob (born July 20, 1948) is an American firearms and self-defense instructor. He has taught police techniques and civilian self-defense to both law enforcement officers and private citizens since 1974. He was the director of the Lethal Force Institute in Concord, New Hampshire, from 1981 to 2009, and now operates his own company. Ayoob has appeared as an expert witness in several trials. He served as a part-time police officer in New Hampshire since 1972 and retired in 2017 with the rank of Captain from the Grantham, New Hampshire, police department. On September 30th 2020, Ayoob was named president of the Second Amendment Foundation. His nickname is "the bad ass of self-defense."

Paragraph 14: Point Lonsdale has a large 100-year-old Norfolk Pine 'The Christmas Tree' that is lit up on the first Saturday in December at the end of an evening of A Community Celebration of Christmas. The Community Celebration of Christmas is run by a committee of volunteers assisted by the local service clubs, Lions and Rotary. The focus of the event is the community and children and each year the lights are turned on by a special guest (or guests) of honour chosen for their contribution to the Community. The Borough of Queenscliffe has a high percentage of volunteers and it is usually volunteers that are chosen as the special guest/guests of honour in recognition of their contribution to the community. Santa arrives at 7:25pm in the local Fire Brigade Truck, whilst throwing lollies to the children, to start an evening of entertainment by local performers. Glowcandles are sold as a fundraiser for maintaining equipment on the tree with all profits supporting the ongoing lighting of the tree. The tree itself is decorated by community volunteers and service club members coordinated by The Christmas Tree Committee. Festooning is hauled up by hand and manually secured into the tree. This tree can be found at the corner of Grimes Road and Point Lonsdale Rd, Point Lonsdale, Victoria. When lit up this tree can be seen for miles out to sea and is a Queenscliffe Borough icon, having been lit since about 1952–1953. When the lights are on you know Christmas is getting close.

Paragraph 15: While the original concept of their third album was to follow the same format and production of the first two albums, after the release of More of the Monkees, the group, particularly Michael Nesmith and Peter Tork, was becoming increasingly frustrated by the limited creative input they were allowed by Don Kirshner, and continued to fight for more creative control and independence from him. Kirshner had already begun supervising recording sessions with studio musicians for their third album, with Davy Jones recording vocal tracks for some of the songs, while the group took it upon themselves, independent of Kirshner, to record two songs featuring them both singing and playing ("All of Your Toys" and "The Girl I Knew Somewhere"), as a means of proving to him that they were capable of providing their own musical accompaniment on future albums. Kirshner was adamant that their music should continue to be recorded under the previous albums' recording style, and was desperate to have the group provide further vocal tracks to the pre-recorded songs before their upcoming pre-planned vacations in order to continue their previous chart-topping successes by having the new single displace the current number one song, "I'm a Believer", thereby having the group hold number one and number two positions. As upcoming talks with Kirshner about their concerns continued to be delayed, the group, citing exhaustion from their grueling TV, touring and recording schedule, were unwilling to postpone the vacations and took advantage of the situation by threatening to quit the show, and subsequently the band, unless their demands were met. Micky Dolenz made a last-minute compromise: the group would agree to sing on Kirshner's tracks in exchange for him allowing one of their previously recorded group performance tracks to serve as the B-side. While it seemed that Kirshner would agree, tensions soon came to a head when he released the third single (in Canada), with the Jones' tracks on both sides ("A Little Bit Me, A Little Bit You" and an early version of "She Hangs Out") without the approval of record executives, the show's producers or the group, completely ignoring their request. This was the last straw, and it lead to Kirshner's dismissal from the Monkees project with the group finally being given full creative control of their next album. The single was withdrawn from Canada and pulled from scheduled release in the US. Since "A Little Bit Me, A Little Bit You" was already announced as the next single, it was retained as the A-side and "The Girl I Knew Somewhere" as the B-side (a publishing error prevented "All of Your Toys" from being used), replacing "She Hangs Out". The remaining Kirshner-supervised tracks that had already been finished were discarded, the group was finally given the creative freedom and input they yearned and soon began recording on their third album, free of the restrictions previously imposed by Kirshner.

Paragraph 16: The 1943 World Series was the championship series in Major League Baseball for the 1943 season. The 40th edition of the World Series, it matched the defending champion St. Louis Cardinals against the New York Yankees, in a rematch of the 1942 Series.  The Yankees won the Series in five games for their tenth championship in 21 seasons.  It was Yankees manager Joe McCarthy's final Series win. This series was also the first to have an accompanying World Series highlight film (initially, the films were created as gifts to troops fighting in World War II, to give them a brief recap of baseball action back home), a tradition that persists.

Paragraph 17: In 1921, Carl Jung published the book Psychological Types, which proposed a concept of psychological types based on introversion versus extraversion, thinking versus feeling as rational functions, sensation versus intuition as irrational functions, and the coexistence of dominant and auxiliary functions.  Isabel Briggs Myers and her mother, Katharine Cook Briggs, subsequently extended and codified Jung's ideas into a test for sixteen psychological types, called the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator.  In a two-page chart of "Characteristics of Types in High School" (Myers Briggs Manual, Form E 1958), Isabel Myers described the sixteen types briefly.  Keirsey recognized these very brief sixteen descriptions as being accurate, mirroring his observations as a school psychologist, and used these descriptions as a basis in a greatly expanded and modified form of his own. Keirsey's critical innovation was organizing these types into four temperaments and describing "observable  behavior" rather than speculation about unobservable thoughts and feelings.  Keirsey provided his own definitions of the sixteen types, and related them to the four temperaments based on his studies of five behavioral sciences: anthropology, biology, ethology, psychology, and sociology.  While Myers wrote mostly about the Jungian psychological functions, which are mental processes, Keirsey focused more on how people use words in sending messages and use tools in getting things done, which are observable actions. Keirsey performed an in-depth, systematic analysis and synthesis of aspects of personality for temperament, which included the temperament's unique interests, orientation, values, self-image, and social roles.

Paragraph 18: On August 26, Maj. Gen. Stonewall Jackson led his corps of the Army of Northern Virginia through Thoroughfare Gap, on his way to raiding the Union supply depot at the Manassas Junction. In response to the raid, the following day Union Maj. Gen. Irwin McDowell set out from Warrenton to Manassas Junction to engage Jackson. In order to protect his army's left flank, he dispatched Brig. Gen. James B. Ricketts's brigade and the 1st New Jersey Cavalry under Sir Percy Wyndham towards the Gap. Ricketts stopped at Gainesville,  to the east, while Wyndham occupied the gap. Maj. Gen. James Longstreet's corps, meanwhile, followed in the path of Jackson's march and was approaching the gap from the west late on the evening of August 27.

Paragraph 19: Liz goes with Kate, listens to the sexy guitar guy, meets a handsome doctor just back from his second tour overseas (now in the Army Reserves) who would like to get to know her, brushes him off, gets a phone call from a number she doesn't recognize, and doesn't take the phone call. She agrees to go with Kate to Brooklyn the next night to hear the sexy guitar guy's band. On the way there, Liz meets the soldier again on a subway—by chance, she insists, but Kate insists that "It's a Sign", and Liz finally takes his phone number. Liz and Josh (the doctor) meet a third time in the park ("A Map of New York") and she agrees to a dinner date. After that date, she tells him that statistics suggest there's not much chance the two of them will have a successful relationship, but he insists that "You Never Know". And later on, after he hits it off with Kate and her girlfriend Anne, and sets Lucas up with David, a doctor friend ("Ain't No Man Manhattan"), Liz finally admits he might have a chance. After deciding to spend the night with him ("What the Fuck"), the following morning she confesses her fears to him but vows to take the leap with him anyway ("Here I Go"). Some weeks later, at her thirty-ninth birthday party, she tells Josh she is pregnant and he proposes marriage ("Surprise"). They get married ("This Day") and Josh faces up to his impending fatherhood ("Hey, Kid"). Two years later, Liz has Lucas and David babysit her son Jake, which prompts the two of them to consider starting a family together, and, when Lucas wavers, David urges him to commit to their relationship ("Best Worst Mistake"). A couple of years later, Liz and Josh have a second son, Cooper, due to which Josh used his last deferral. Soon, Josh is called up to serve with the Army overseas where he is killed in action ("I Hate You"). Liz struggles to move on after his death ("You Learn to Live Without"), not wanting to confront her loss until David helps her to do so ("What Would You Do?"), and she realizes that each person, every day, is "Always Starting Over". Soon, she meets Kate and Lucas in the park, some five years after that first fateful day, and she also reconnects with her old grad school friend Stephen (whose phone call she didn't take that day five years ago, and who hasn't been back in her life until now). Stephen has a job offer for her, a great one, and she accepts, ready to build something new ("What If? (Reprise)").

Paragraph 20: Margaret Branson took Powell to her mother's boarding house at 16 North Eutaw Street in Baltimore. Maryland was split during the Civil War. West of the Atlantic Fall Line the central and western parts of the state largely being settled by Germans from Pennsylvania and other Northerners during the 18th Century, tended to support the Union, as evidenced by Governor Thomas Holliday Hicks plan to stop secession by moving the Maryland General Assembly to Frederick, where on April 29, 1861, secession had been voted down 53–13, this taking place before Maryland was placed under martial law. East of the Fall line, the city of Baltimore and all of the land between the Mason-Dixon Line and the Potomac and the Eastern Shore for the most part was peopled by Confederate sympathizers, who either directly or indirectly aided the Confederacy. The few exceptions to this rule, such as Hicks successor Augustus Bradford had his home in North Baltimore burned to the ground in 1864 by Frederick native Confederate General Bradley T Johnson and his Maryland troops. Johnson was the first to concoct the idea of kidnapping President Lincoln while he was visiting the soldiers home, but whether there were any direct connections to Booth and Powell are unknown.

Paragraph 21: Considerable attention was generated by the more sexual image of Furtado presented in promotion and publicity for the album, particularly in the music videos for "Promiscuous" and "Maneater", in which she dances around with her midriff exposed. According to Maclean's magazine, some said that Furtado's progression was a natural transformation of a pop singer; others believed that she had "sold out" in an effort to garner record sales, particularly after her second album was a commercial failure in comparison to her first. Maclean's wrote that her makeover "seems a bit forced" and contrasted her with singers such as Madonna and Emily Haines of Metric: "[they] seem to be completely in control, even somewhat intimidating in their sexuality: they've made a calculated decision for commercial and feminist reasons. In contrast, Furtado's new, overt sexuality comes off as unoriginal—overdone by thousands of pouty pop stars with a quarter of Furtado's natural talent ... the revamping feels as if it's been imposed rather than chosen by the unique, articulate singer we've seen in the past."Dose magazine wrote that Furtado's new "highly sexualized" image was manufactured, and noted the involvement in the album's development of Geffen's Jimmy Iovine, who helped to develop the Pussycat Dolls, a girl group known for their sexually suggestive dance routines. The writer also criticised Furtado's discussion of her buttocks and apparent rejection of feminism in a Blender magazine interview, writing: "Girls, do you hear that churning? Those are the ideas of Gloria Steinem turning in their grave." A writer for the CBC said that cynics could attribute Furtado's commercial success with Loose to her "amped-up sex appeal." The writer added that, the failure of Janet Jackson's album Damita Jo (2004) indicated such a move was not infallible. Furtado was "still demure compared to many of her competitors"—she avoided sporting lingerie or performing "Christina Aguilera-style gyrations or calisthenics" in the "Promiscuous" and "Maneater" videos. "Despite its dramatic arrival ... Furtado's new image doesn’t feel calculated", he said. "[She] seems to be thinking less and feeling more, to the benefit of her music."

Paragraph 22: Kramer was promoted to the rank of Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in 1942 and, in May 1944, was transferred to become the Lagerführer (camp commander) in charge of operations at Auschwitz II-Birkenau, the main centre used to kill inmates within the Auschwitz concentration camp complex, from 8 May 1944 to 25 November 1944. He was brought to Auschwitz to manage the gassings of new transports in May 1944, according to the Prosecution Judge Advocate at the War Crimes tribunal that convicted him of being responsible for the deaths committed at Auschwitz. There were a number of witnesses who said that he took an active part in the selection parades in that, for instance, he loaded people into the trucks and beat them when they resisted.

Paragraph 23: Jezebel is the Anglicized transliteration of the Hebrew  . The Oxford Guide to People & Places of the Bible states that the name is "best understood as meaning 'Where is the Prince? ( ), a ritual cry from worship ceremonies in honor of Baal during periods of the year when the god was considered to be in the underworld. Alternatively, a feminine Punic name noted by the Corpus Inscriptionum Semiticarum, 𐤁𐤏𐤋𐤀𐤆𐤁𐤋 b'l'zbl, may have been a cognate to the original form of the name, as the Israelites were known to often alter personal names which invoked the names of foreign gods (cf. instances for Baal, Mephibosheth and Ish-bosheth).

Paragraph 24: In the Eastern theater, the Union Army of the Potomac, commanded by Major General Joseph Hooker, attacked the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia commanded by General Robert E. Lee in the Battle of Chancellorsville. Hooker planned to move most of his army around to the Confederates's rear before Lee could react and force Lee to retreat but the Union army was slowed and then stopped by a small Confederate force, which was reinforced by the rest of the Confederate army. Lee then sent a flanking column led by Thomas J. Jackson around Hooker's left, which attacked a few hours before sunset on May 2; this attack and further Confederate attacks the following day forced Hooker to retreat on May 6. During the battle, Jackson was wounded by friendly fire and died several days later. Lee reorganized his army following the campaign and launched an invasion of Union territory in June, moving through the Shenandoah Valley into Pennsylvania; Hooker was relieved of command on June 29, due to continuous disputes with the government over the garrison of Harpers Ferry, and replaced by Major General George Meade. During the Battle of Gettysburg from July 1 to July 3, Meade successfully held off Lee's attacks while inflicting heavy casualties in return. Lee was forced to retreat back to Virginia; Meade followed in close pursuit but was unable to find an opportunity to completely crush the Confederate army. In October, Lee attempted to isolate and destroy Meade during the Bristoe Campaign but failed in an attack on Union positions at the Battle of Bristoe Station on October 14. Pressed by Union authorities, Meade also tried to attack Lee's positions along the Mine Run; however, Lee was able to establish a fortified defensive line across the Union line of advance. Meade judged the Confederate position too strong to attack and retreated.

Paragraph 25: The constituency corresponds to the former City of Durham local government district and as such includes a number of surrounding villages and suburbs as well as Durham itself, the largest of these are Brandon, Coxhoe, Bowburn, Framwellgate Moor, Sherburn and Ushaw Moor. The seat extends as far west as Waterhouses and as far east as Ludworth. The seat has traditionally been dominated by Labour, with support particularly strong in those villages historically connected to County Durham's mining industry. Durham is famous as an educational centre, for Durham University and the feepaying preparatory school, Chorister School where Tony Blair was educated. The city centre is more inclined to the Liberal Democrats. Like many other university cities such as Cambridge and Oxford, in the 2005 election it swung strongly towards the Liberal Democrats, one possible reason being these cities' sizeable student population who were viewed as being hostile to Labour's policies on areas such as top-up fees and the Iraq War. The Liberal Democrats were able to reduce Labour's majority by over 10,000 votes, although they were still unable to gain the seat from Labour, as was the case in the 2010 election. As reflected in throughout the country, the Liberal Democrat vote collapsed in the 2015 election.

Paragraph 26: Plummer was also a successful scientist and inventor. Traditionally, doctors kept patient notes in journals and were highly inconsistent in the amount of information they wrote down.  Plummer invented the modern "dossier" system that assigns each patient an ID and stores all that patient's information in a single folder chronologically.  He, along with Frederick Maass of Maass & McAndrew, developed many highly innovative systems in the 1914 and 1927 Clinic buildings. Under the guidance of Plummer, the 1914 building allowed the integrated group medical practice concept to be fully expressed. Many highly innovative medical systems, tools, and equipment were incorporated into the building's design. This was groundbreaking work, and the first building designed to facilitate the integrated group medical practice. Plummer worked closely with Frederic Maass, of Maass & McAndrew, to design and fabricate many of the building systems innovations, like the steam sterilization rooms, metal surgical tools and equipment, the pneumatic tube system, knee operated sinks, and a state of the art HVAC system. The air exchange rate for the building was three minutes. One intriguing innovation was the Rookwood fountain in the main lobby that was designed to clean and humidify air from the outside. It also heated and humidified the air in the winter, and provided cool air in the summer. To fight infection, steam sterilizer rooms were designed to hold much of the operating room's metal surgical furniture, tools and equipment. These and other aseptic procedures helped bring the overall patient infection rates down - which in turn helped grow the Mayo Clinic practice, along with its well earned reputation for innovation, into what it is today. In 1928, the Plummer Building was completed with considerable input from Clinic staff, and again under the guidance of Plummer. Maass again worked closely with Plummer and staff on system design. After this project was complete, Plummer was hired as the "Chief Engineer" for the Clinic. Working hand in hand with physicians, scientists, and other Mayo Clinic staff, the engineering department developed unique medical devices and systems, many designed to meet the needs of individual patients.

Paragraph 27: There are around 200 of these fragments, each the size of a handspan or larger, making Portmahomack one of the major centres of rediscovered Pictish art.  Nineteen pieces were found in and around the churchyard before 1994, and the remainder were found during formal archaeological investigations by the University of York between 1994 and 2007 Tarbat Discovery Programme. The excavation director, Martin Carver has proposed that the majority of the carved pieces originated in four monumental crosses or cross-slabs of exceptional size and elaboration, placed around the site of St Colman's Church. One of these (TR1) carried four Pictish symbols, a second (TR2) had snake-headed interlace. A third (TR10, 20), features images of a complex beast and a row of apostles carrying books. This same stone originally carried along one edge a Latin inscription, IN NOMINE IHU XRI CRUX XRI IN  COMMEMORATIONE REO... LII... DIE HAC... commemorating an unknown person. The fourth cross was covered in spiral and interlace ornament. Another large fragment, the so-called Boar Stone, has been identified as a sarcophagus lid with images of a boar and a wolf-like creature. Yet another fragment, the so-called Calf Stone, appears to belong to a shrine or screen. It depicts a bull and a cow tending to their calf. Other pieces from Portmahomack have been recognised as grave markers, incised with simple crosses. These are comparable to examples known from Iona and other early Christian sites in Argyll and western Scotland. Much of the Portmahomack sculpture has been assigned by radiocarbon dating of the layer in which it was found to the 8th century. Artistically, it has points of contact with sculpture in Iona and Northumbria, but its closest affiliation is with the great cross-slabs on other parts of the Tarbat peninsula, namely those at Hilton of Cadboll, Shandwick and Nigg, which one may perhaps assume were created by a school of masons centred on Tarbat.  Together they demonstrate that the Tarbat peninsula was a prime centre of 8th-century European art.

Paragraph 28: In Ukraine, it is celebrated on October 14 as a religious, national, and family holiday. The concept of Mother of God as the Intercessor and Protectress (i.e. the Intercession, or 'Pokrova' in Ukrainian, as an aspect of Virgin Mary) became firmly established among Ukrainians through their history. The Holy Lady of Protection was always considered the heavenly patroness of Zaporozhian Host, and therefore Ukrainian Cossacks. As a legend has it, each of their campaign the Cossacks began with Sub tuum praesidium prayer to the Holy Lady (in Ukrainian: «Під Твою милість прибігаємо, Богородице Діво, молитвами нашими в скорботах не погордуй, але від бід ізбав нас, єдина чиста і благословенна!»), by which making reference to the Intercession. Notably, an icon in the National Art Museum of Ukraine shows the Virgin Mary protecting the Ukrainian cossack hetman Bohdan Khmelnytsky. The singular (as compared to the rest of the Christian world) devotion of Ukrainians to the Intercession feast (for them being the third important, after Easter and Christmas, holiday) was acknowledged in Pylyp Orlyk Constitution, where Christmas, Easter and 'Pokrova' were set to be the three designated annual days of convention by the supreme cossack council that was supposed to rule the country. The tradition was referred to again in XX century, when the founding of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army was attributed (although retrospectively and probably inaccurately) to 14 October 1942. In 1990s, along with its religious meaning, the Pokrova Feast Day was also commemorated popularly as Ukrainian Cossack Day (); then officially promulgated as such by decree of the Ukrainian President in 1999. Finally, on 14 October 2014, another President decree (approved by the Ukrainian parliament on 5 March 2015) promoted the day to the new public holiday "Defender of Ukraine Day" (Ukrainian: День захи́сника́ Украї́ни, romanized: Den zakhysnyka Ukrainy), to replace the former "Defender of the Fatherland Day" inherited from the Soviet Union. The Lady of Intercession is regarded as a holy defender of both the Ukrainian nation at large and of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.

Paragraph 29: After an unhappy and unsettled childhood, Hickok found success as a reporter for the Minneapolis Tribune and the Associated Press (AP), becoming America's best-known female reporter by 1932. After covering Franklin D. Roosevelt's first presidential campaign, Hickok struck up a close relationship with the soon-to-be First Lady, and travelled with her extensively. The nature of their relationship has been widely debated, especially after 3000 of their mutual letters were discovered, confirming physical intimacy (Hickok was known to be a lesbian). The closeness of their relationship compromised Hickok's objectivity, leading her to resign from the AP and work as chief investigator for the Federal Emergency Relief Administration (FERA). She later promoted the 1939 New York World's Fair, and then served as executive secretary of the Women's Division of the Democratic National Committee, living mostly at the White House,  where Hickok had a conjoining room with the First Lady. Hickok was the author of several books.

Paragraph 30: Ribandar is associated with the later life of Antonio Francisco Xavier Alvares (1836–1923), a disgruntled Catholic priest that left for the Syrian Orthodox Church, and was made Metropolitan of Goa, Ceylon and Greater India. Alvares consecrated Joseph René Vilatte (1854–1929) and thus is the person from whom most Old Catholic bishops in the West claim apostolic succession. Alvares is buried in St. Mary's Orthodox Syrian Church in Ribandar. There is also a cemetery on the left side of the Syrian Church. This cemetery belongs to the Roman Catholic church The Church of Our Lady of Help . There is also a very old school called Bal Bharathi Vidaya Mandir about less than 1 kilometer from the Syrian Church.