Paragraph 1: Dragon's Lair II: Time Warp is a 1991 laserdisc video game by the Leland Corporation. It is the first true sequel to Dragon's Lair. As with the original, Dragon's Lair II: Time Warp consists of an animated short film that requires the player to move the joystick or press a fire button at certain times in order to continue. It takes place years after the original Dragon's Lair. Dirk has married Daphne, and the marriage has produced many children. When Daphne is kidnapped by the evil wizard Mordroc in order to be forced into marriage, Dirk's children and his mother-in-law are clearly upset by the abduction of Daphne, and Dirk must once again save her.

Paragraph 2: In 1914, he moved to Kraków and joined the First Cadre Company, which fought on the Austro-Hungarian side against Russia. In October 1914 he became a commander of a platoon of a squadron in . During the fighting in 1914–1915, he was promoted to lieutenant, and after the war he was awarded the V-Class Virtuti Militari. In August 1915, he moved to the special group in Warsaw. Soon he became an aide-de-camp to Józef Piłsudski. In 1918, he was sent on a mission to Russia. He was given three tasks: persuade General Józef Haller's army, then in the Ukraine, to back Piłsudski (he failed in this task); reach the French military mission in Moscow under General Lavergne (he succeeded in this task); and return from Moscow to Paris to liaise with the government there. Unfortunately, he was arrested by the Soviet Cheka as a member of the Polish Military Organisation while on a French diplomatic train on its way from Moscow to Murmansk (and Paris). He was imprisoned in the Taganka prison. He was freed thanks to the intervention of his future wife, Bronisława Wieniawa-Długoszowska, with the much-feared Cheka operative Yakovleva, then in charge of the prison. Bronisława, née Kliatchkin, was at that time married to the lawyer , the lawyer of Felix Dzerzhinsky, the head of the Cheka. She was a Lutheran, her family having converted from the Jewish faith when she was eight. He married her in a Lutheran ceremony on 2 October 1919 at Lutheran zbór in Nowy Gawłów. The marriage register records the details from her false French passport, including "Lalande" as her maiden name.

Paragraph 3: After the battle of Stamford Bridge and the death of Harald Hardrada, Skule and Ketel, the two sons of Tostig Godwinson, were taken to Norway under the wing of Hardrada's son Olaf.  Olaf, who became king of Norway, gave land to Ketel and arranged a good marriage for him; according to the 13th-century saga-writer Snorri Sturluson, "from him are descended many great people".  Skule became known as Skule Kongsfostre (king's foster-son), and was remembered as a remarkably intelligent and handsome man who commanded the king's hird.  He married a relative of the king, Gudrun Nevsteinsdotter, and their son was Åsolv of Rein (in Rissa), father of the lendmann Guttorm of Rein.  Guttorm's son, Bård Guttormsson of Rein, was a close friend and supporter of king Sverre Sigurdsson, fought alongside him in several battles, and was rewarded by being given the king's half-sister, Cecilia Sigurdsdotter, in marriage.  Bård and Cecilia's son Inge Bårdsson was born about the year 1185.  In 1204, when the child-king Guttorm Sigurdsson died, the two obvious candidates for the crown were Inge and his half-brother Haakon Galen, Cecilia's son by another husband.  After a struggle for power Inge was recognized as king, while Haakon retained his former command of the army.  This did not produce peace, for a faction known as the Bagler succeeded in splitting the kingdom, with Inge ruling the western half and their own candidate, Philip Simonsson, the eastern half.  Moreover, earl Haakon renewed his own claim to the crown, a claim which only lapsed with his death in 1214.  King Inge himself died in 1217.  Since 1213 the leader of the army and the hird had been Inge's half-brother Skule, a son of Bård Guttormsson by another wife, Ragnfrid Erlingsdotter, and therefore, like king Inge, fifth in descent in the male line from Tostig Godwinson.  The new king, Haakon IV, was no more than a boy, with Skule acting as his regent.  In 1225 Skule married his young daughter, Margrete, to the king, but this did not succeed in establishing perfect amity between the two men, and in 1239 Skule went into open rebellion, claiming the title of king for himself.  The subsequent war went against him, and he was killed in 1240.  From Haakon IV and Margrete Skulesdotter descend subsequent kings of Norway down to the present day.

Paragraph 4: The Israel Police is responsible for investigations and arrests regarding civilian crimes. If the Israel Police learns of a possible criminal offense through a complaint by a private citizen or through other evidence, it then decides whether or not to open an investigation. In the case of an offense other than a felony, a police officer with the rank of captain or higher is entitled to order that no investigation take place if the officer is of the opinion that no public interest is involved or another authority is legally competent to carry out the investigation. During a police investigation, a judge must issue a search warrant for police to search a home or review computer material, though a police officer may search a home without a warrant if there are reasonable grounds to assume a felony is being committed there or was recently committed there. Any search either with or without a warrant must be conducted in the presence of two witnesses who are not police officers unless the circumstances and urgency of the case do not allow it, a judge permitted it, or the owner of the property or one of the household members requested that it not be conducted in the presence of witnesses. If the police wish to arrest a suspect following an investigation, an arrest warrant must be obtained from a judge. The police must present evidence to the judge, who will issue a warrant only if satisfied that there is reasonable suspicion that the person committed an offense. A police officer is entitled to carry out an arrest without a warrant if there are reasonable grounds to suspect that the suspect committed an offense and if one of the following conditions are met: the suspected offense was committed in the officer's presence or in the recent past, there is a reasonable suspicion that the suspect will not appear for investigative procedures, there is reasonable suspicion that the suspect will disrupt trial proceedings, there is reasonable suspicion that the suspect's continued freedom will constitute a danger to the public, committed a select number of serious violent crimes, drug crimes, or security crimes, or there are reasonable grounds to suspect a suspect violated bail or escaped lawful custody.

Paragraph 5: Nicholas's son Charles (1662–1740), the 4th earl, had not been summoned to parliament when in 1692 he killed his brother-in-law, Captain Philip Lawson, in a duel. This raised the question of his rank in a new form. Was he, or was he not, entitled to trial by the peers? The House of Lords declared that he was not a peer and therefore not so entitled, but the Court of King's Bench released him from his imprisonment on the ground that he was the Earl of Banbury and not Charles Knowles, a commoner. Nevertheless, the House of Lords refused to move from its position, and Knowles had not received a writ of summons when he died in April 1740. He seems to have been the classic Restoration rake, dissolute and riotous. He dissipated an estate of £20,000 a year and appears to have had so loose a grasp of the concept of marriage that the word bigamous did not even begin to describe his conjugal exploits. He was legitimately married twice and left children, all of whom were baptised Knowles, and whose descendants are alive today. His son Charles (1703–1771), vicar of Burford, Oxfordshire, and his grandsons, Sir William (1726–1776) and Sir Thomas Woods (1727–1793), were successively titular Earls of Banbury, but they took no steps to prove their title. His natural son Admiral Sir Charles Knowles Bt ( 1704–1777) rose to become Rear Admiral of Great Britain and was created a baronet in 1765 of Lovell Hill, and from whom descends the present holder of the baronetcy. The Naval Chronicle of 1799 stated that “…he was the natural son of an earl of Bambury….and a French gentlewoman of rank and uncommon beauty, whom he seduced: circumstances made her case to be pitied and she was much noted by Lord and Lady Wallingford.”

Paragraph 6: Raja next began work on the family drama film Santosh Subramaniam (2008), a remake of the Telugu film Bommarillu (2006), after outbidding several other interested parties for the remake rights. The film's original version was made by Raja's friend, Bhaskar, who also stated that Raja would be the most apt director to remake the film into the Tamil language. Ravi and Prakash Raj were chosen again to play lead roles, while Genelia D'Souza was selected as the film's heroine, after winning acclaim for her portrayal of the role in the original version. The film revolved around a father and son relationship; where the son's choices and his ambitions to achieve something in life are subdued by his father, and Raja related the storyline back to his personal life. Santosh Subramaniam opened to positive reviews from critics, with Raja winning critical acclaim for his work. A critic from Sify.com noted "Raja, a past master at remakes, is once again a winner" and that the film "has simple charm, immensely likeable characters, and the intrinsic humour in the writing makes it a must watch". Similarly, a critic from The Hindu noted "for the fourth time in succession film-maker Raja shows he can re-make a film to suit the audiences here", stating the script was "aptly re-tuned to suit the Tamil milieu". The film also went on to be ranked amongst the Best Tamil films of the year by the Tamil Nadu State, while it also garnered four Filmfare Award nominations, including one for Best Film. Moreover, it became a very profitable venture for the makers, running for over 100 days in theatres across Tamil Nadu. The producers, AGS Entertainment, subsequently requested Raja to make another film with Ravi after Santosh Subramaniam'''s success, but Raja gave Ravi's dates to director Prabhu Deva to film Engeyum Kaadhal (2011).

Paragraph 7: Led by Usma bin Luai, the Tayy invaded the mountains of Ajaa and Salma from Banu Assad and Banu Tamim in northern Arabia in their exodus from Yemen in 115 CE. These mountains were renamed to Jabal Tayy (Tayy's Mountain), and then again in the 14th century, after the tribe changed their name, to Jabal Shammar. There, Tayy, later Shammar, became either city-dwellers in the city of Ha'il, nomadic pastoralists, camel-herders and horse-breeders in northern Najd, or agriculturists in the countryside outside Ha'il or in the surrounding desert oases. These divisions were based on profession, personal interest and skill, and not family or blood-line stratifications within the tribe. It is common for the same nuclear family to have members living each of the three different lifestyles. Because of their strength and blood relations with the Yemenite dynasties that came to rule Syria (Ghassanids) and Iraq (Muntherids), the Tayy expanded north into Iraq all the way to al-Hira, the capital at the time. Oral tradition mentions that the first chiefs of the Shammar tribe, Arar and Omair, were of the 'Abda family of Dhaigham, who ruled Shammar from Jabal Shammar. In the 17th century, a large section of the Shammar left Jabal Shammar under the leadership of the Al Jarba and settled in Iraq, reaching as far as the northern city of Mosul, their current stronghold. The Shammar are currently one of Iraq's largest tribes and are divided into two geographical, as opposed to genealogical, subsections. The northern branch, known as Shammar al-Jarba, is mainly Sunni, while the southern branch, Shammar Toga, converted to Shia Islam around the 19th century after settling in southern Iraq.

Paragraph 8: Between 1255 and 1256 the people of lower Gwynedd were chafing under the heavy tax burden imposed by Geoffrey of Langley, a royal favorite and lieutenant in the region who sought to extend the English shire system there. Prince Edward made a tour of his holdings of Chester as its earl, and then progressed into the Perfeddwlad to inspect his castles of Diserth and Deganwy. After Edward's departure, when it became clear to the Welsh of the region that the English prince was not inclined to intervene on their behalf over Langley's 'tyrannous exactions,’ they rose in revolt and appealed to Llywelyn II for aid. Furthermore, Prince Edward appointed Patrick Chaworth as Steward of Carmarthen, an appointment that "could hardly be tolerated by Llywelyn who was already bitter and resentful" over the conditions in lower Gwynedd, whose people appealed for his deliverance. Having reconciled with Dafydd, Llywelyn II released his brother who he thought would be a valuable lieutenant, then gathered an army and crossed the river Conwy. Within one week Llywelyn II swept eastwards almost as far as Chester itself, stretching Gwynedd's princely domain "to its old bounds," wrote Lloyd. Only the castles at Deganwy and Diserth were left as islets under siege in what was now "purely Welsh country" again. Prince Edward and his lieutenant Geoffrey of Langley, who had been in England during the week of Llywelyn's campaign, were powerless to respond as they, and the English crown, lacked any treasury for retaliatory measures against the Welsh prince. And the English crown was abandoned by yet another ally against Llywelyn, the Marcher lords, who "sympathized with the insurgents as victims of a common tyranny, and the very barons of the March, hereditary foes of the Welsh, viewed their rebellion with toleration, if not actual friendliness," wrote Lloyd. The Marcher lords were suspicious of growing royal authority over the March since the Peace of Woodstock. The inability of the crown to launch any response and the ambivilance so far expressed by other Marcher lords emboldened Llywelyn towards further campaigns. First, he recovered Meirionydd, recovered for Gwynedd the royal holdings of Lanbadarn and Builth, then took Gwerthrynion from his cousin Roger II Mortimer. In South and West Wales, Llywelyn ejected Rhys Fychan from the Ystrad Tywi region and restored Maredudd ap Rhys Gryg to both Cantref Mawr and Cantref Bychan. Llywelyn held his 1256 Christmas court at Aber, one which was "certainly not wanting in elements of festivity," wrote Lloyd. In January 1257 Llywelyn harassed Powys Fadog, already ravaged from the prior year's campaigns, and then conquered Powys Wynwynwyn as far as Pool, driving out Gruffydd ap Gwenwynwyn. Pushing into Glamorgan, Llywelyn campaigned between the rivers Towy and Tawe where he enlisted the Welsh of the Gower, Kidwelly, and Carnwyllion to his side, thereby undermining the Marcher authority of the barons Patrick Chaworth and William de Braose. A hapless King Henry III sought the aid of his brother Richard, who had just been elected as Holy Roman Emperor, but though Llywelyn II and the emperor exchanged courteous and amicable correspondence, Llywelyn II refused to yield any of his conquests, but agreed to a long truce, one which allow Llywelyn to consolidate his gains. Before Easter 1257, Llywelyn was home in Gwynedd.

Paragraph 9: In 2010 Quackenbush became embroiled in a feud with Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK), who had formed on the final show of 2009 and were threatening to take over Chikara, with its members quickly winning the Young Lions Cup, Campeonatos de Parejas and King of Trios, while also having one of its members as the Chikara Director of Fun. After UltraMantis Black declared that rudos and tecnicos would have to come together in order to stop BDK, Quackenbush announced on August 11 that he would join his seven man team facing BDK in the annual torneo cibernetico match on October 23. After defeating The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson) and BDK members Lince Dorado and Pinkie Sanchez, Quackenbush and Jigsaw were looking to get a shot at BDK's Claudio Castagnoli and Ares and their Campeonatos de Parejas. However, on August 27 Quackenbush and Jigsaw failed in their attempt at getting a third point by losing to BDK members Daizee Haze and Sara Del Rey, after some shady officiating from the stable's own referee Derek Sabato. The following day Quackenbush and Jigsaw restarted their march towards three points by defeating the House of Truth (Josh Raymond and Christian Abel). On September 18 they picked up their second point by defeating BDK's Lince Dorado and Tim Donst. On October 23 Quackenbush represented Chikara in the torneo cibernetico match, where the company's originals faced BDK. He managed to eliminate Tim Donst from the match after countering his Inverted Chikara Special into the original Chikara Special, but was immediately afterwards eliminated himself by BDK's Claudio Castagnoli. The following day Quackenbush and Jigsaw once again failed in their attempt at getting their third point in a match against BDK members Pinkie Sanchez and Tursas. This failure led to Quackenbush's and Jigsaw's former partner Stigma reminding them that he and Quackenbush still had the three points they had earned two and a half years earlier, but Quackenbush made it clear that he wanted to win the Campeonatos de Parejas with Jigsaw, not Stigma. On November 22 Quackenbush and Jigsaw competed in a four–way elimination match with Sara Del Rey and Daizee Haze, The Osirian Portal and F.I.S.T. (Icarus and Chuck Taylor) and after eliminating all three teams, finally earned the three points needed in order to challenge for the Campeonatos de Parejas. On December 12, 2010, at the season nine finale Reality is Relative Quackenbush and Jigsaw cashed in their points and defeated Ares and Castagnoli two falls to one to win the Campeonatos de Parejas for the first time. Quackenbush and Jigsaw made their first successful defense of the title on February 19, 2011, defeating The Batiri (Obariyon and Kodama). For the 2011 King of Trios, Quackenbush and Jigsaw formed a trio with Japanese joshi legend Manami Toyota, who had made her Chikara debut alongside Quackenbush the previous September, and on April 15 defeated Amazing Red, Joel Maximo and Wil Maximo in their first round match. The following day, the trio was eliminated from the tournament in the quarterfinal stage by Team Michinoku Pro (Dick Togo, Great Sasuke and Jinsei Shinzaki). On September 18, Quackenbush and Jigsaw lost the Campeonatos de Parejas to F.I.S.T. (Chuck Taylor and Johnny Gargano) in their third defense. From May to October 2011, Quackenbush took part in 12 Large: Summit, a tournament used to determine the first ever Chikara Grand Champion. Quackenbush ended up winning his block of the tournament with a record of four wins and one loss to set up a final match with the winner of the other block, Eddie Kingston. On November 13 at Chikara's first internet pay-per-view, High Noon, Quackenbush was defeated by Kingston in a match to determine the first Chikara Grand Champion.

Paragraph 10: The National Research Programmes (NRP) and National Centres of Competence in Research (NCCR) are the most important research programmes of the SNSF. Mandated by the Federal Council, NRPs generate scientific knowledge aimed at solving pressing problems. They generally run for up to five years and have an overall budget of eight to twelve million Swiss francs. Since 1975, the SNSF has launched over 69 NRPs. NCCRs aim to strengthen research structures in Switzerland. Each NCCR is based at an institution of higher education and consists of a centre of competence as well as a national and international network. NCCRs benefit from SNSF funding of 20 to 60 million Swiss francs over a period of ten to twelve years, as well as university and third party funding.

Paragraph 11: Kagamiō was the first wrestler from Kagamiyama stable to make the top division since his coach took control of it seventeen years previously. At the time he was also the second longest to reach makuuchi among foreign born wrestlers, at 62 tournament from his professional debut. In an interview about his promotion, talking about his lengthy rise, he happily joked, "for me it felt quite quick, I thought it was going to take me 15 years." During the interview he also announced his engagement to his Mongolian girlfriend. However, his makuuchi performance was lackluster. In one of his relegation trips back to jūryō in May 2015, he was involved in yet another championship playoff round. In it, he won a preliminary playoff bout against Mongolian Seirō only to lose the following final playoff bout to another Mongolian, the up and comer and future sekiwake Ichinojō, who he had previously defeated on the 9th day of the tournament. Despite his championship playoff loss, his regular tournament record of 11–4 at the rank of jūryō 1 was still enough for him to achieve makuuchi re-promotion for the July 2014 tournament, though two consecutive losing tournaments would put him right back in jūryō In this, his third relegation to jūryō, in March 2015, he only managed a 4–11 at jūryō 1. However, in the following May tournament, at jūryō 9 he posted an impressive 12–3 record, beating Hidenoumi on the last day to avoid a playoff, and finally taking the championship on his third chance. His record and championship earned him his fourth promotion to the top division for the July tournament in Nagoya. There he finally achieved a majority of wins or kachi-koshi in the top division, but he only managed four wins in the following tournament in September 2015 and was demoted back to jūryō for the fourth time. In May 2016 he was injured in a match with Tenkaihō and had to withdraw from the tournament, falling to makushita as a result. In September 2017 he won the makushita division championship with a perfect 7–0 record. Following more injury problems he fell to the sandanme division in July 2018, but he won the championship there with an undefeated 7–0 score. In October it was announced that he was changing his shikona given name from Nanji to Hideoki. Continuing injury problems saw him pull out of five successive tournaments between July 2020 and March 2021 and fall from makushita to the jonidan division. He transferred to the Isenoumi stable following Kagamiyama stable's closure after the July 2021 tournament, but his continued absence from competition meant he fell off the banzuke completely in September 2021.

Paragraph 12: A British colonel, retired from MI5, though sometimes still active for the British government, Clifton functions as an amateur sleuth, and his phlegmatic approach to stress leads to humorous situations. Harold Clifton lives in Puddington, near London, supported by housekeeper Miss Partridge, who makes a prize-winning goulash. Clifton drives a red MG TD from the early fifties, which gets mangled in most stories, but is repaired regardless of cost. Clifton's hobbies include Boy Scouting (he's Boy Scoutmaster Singing Heron), cats, and collecting cigar wraps. In Passé Composé it was established that Clifton served in the RAF as a group captain during World War II before joining the Secret Service. He also ascended to knighthood in the issue Mortelle Saison for saving a member of the Royal family.

Paragraph 13: Three spot gourami are native to standing or slow-moving freshwater habitats in southeastern Asia, ranging from Yunnan (China), through mainland southeast Asia (Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam) to Indonesia (Java, Borneo and Sumatra). They have been widely introduced outside their native range, such as the Philippines, India, Sulawesi, and southwestern Trinidad. These fish live in marshes, swamps, canals, and lowland wetlands. They migrate during the flood season from permanent water bodies to flooded areas, such as seasonally flooded forests in the middle and lower Mekong. During the dry season, they return to these permanent water bodies. These fish feed on zooplankton, crustaceans, and insect larvae. The male builds a bubble nest for the eggs, which he protects aggressively.

Paragraph 14: In 1956 Gamal Abdel Nasser, the president of Egypt at the time, chose him to be the only Coptic Christian Minister (Secretary) of supply and trade in the Egyptian cabinet. He held this post for 14 years. He was also the Deputy Prime Minister for the last 6 years of his appointment. During his career, he developed several systems to help the Egyptian poor. He launched a program to sell food staples to the public at subsidized prices through government-owned stores. These stores are still in operation as of 2020. He also developed a system to offer food  ration cards to the poor to insure that they had enough sustenance.

Paragraph 15: The Hormones were a rock band formed in London in 1996. Carroll was the sole songwriter for the group, whose sound was described as a mixture between Teenage Fanclub and Stiff Little Fingers. Carroll was the founding member and songwriter for the band who released their debut single in 1996 as part of the Trade2/Island records singles club. The band members were Jez Housden on Bass and former Guns n' Wankers and Wildhearts drummer, Pat Walters. The group eventually signed to Richard Branson's V2 label and released 5 singles. The third single "Mr. Wilson" was Carroll's tribute to Brian Wilson of The Beach Boys, the lyrics almost entirely consisting of Beach Boys song titles. Brian Wilson heard the track and Carroll was invited to the legendary songwriter's birthday show at New York City's Beacon Theatre in 1999. An album, Where Old Ghosts Meet (a reference from On Raglan Road by Patrick Kavanagh) was released in 1998 but deleted the same week. It has been listed in a book 101 Irish Records You Need to Hear Before You Die. The band featured in the wedding episode of US TV show Friends. A track written by Carroll and originally issued as a B-side, "Tired Old Souls", was featured in the program. The band toured consistently throughout the UK and Europe. Carroll also performed with the Scottish Poet/Songwriter Eric Bogle at the Weavers Club in London in 1996. The band opened for The Cranberries on a European tour in 1999. A 2CD edition of the album was issued in Japan on the Excellent label in 2002 in a limited run of 1000 copies. The bonus disc featured B-sides and unreleased material. A second pressing of the vinyl edition was issued on the Velvet label in Japan in a pressing of 500 copies. The band split in 1999 after a show in Madrid, Spain and the recorded output remains out of print. A multi disc (6CD) bootleg set, "On A Quiet Street – The Complete Where Old Ghosts Meet Sessions" was released on the Last Waltz label in Japan in 2003. It included demos, outtakes, alternate mixes, radio sessions and unreleased material. Carroll has never performed any of these songs live since 1999. The Hormones released 5 singles from the Where Old Ghosts Meet album, with each single featuring 3 exclusive non album B-sides which added up to 15 extra songs that were not included on the original album.

Paragraph 16: Zara awakens to find her family close by but without the ability to speak or move. Initially, the doctors explain that it might be due to her spinal injuries. Later on, doctors say that she has gone into shock and does not have the will to live; there is nothing wrong physically with her. It is implied to the viewer that she has lost the will to struggle as she realizes that she has pushed everyone away from her in pursuit of what she thought was important and was all alone when what should have been her biggest triumph of finally buying the parents' house back. Saad, her fiancé, prefers to have a very strong, smart and pretty wife to project success in life. Saad becomes unsure about Zara after her accident as the doctors are skeptical about her recovery. Zara notices that Saad has lost interest in her and decides to return the engagement ring, which she eventually throws away in the garbage. Saad leaves Pakistan and travels abroad. Zara's family try to reassure her regarding the love and affection they have for her. During this time, Zain is shown to be very concerned for Zara's well-being. The closeness between Zara and Zain disturbs Vida (his fiancée); Zain's father senses this and insists that Zain marries Vida as he had promised her parents a long time back. Zain agrees to his father's wishes. Zain then meets Zara and tells her that he has to leave Pakistan and go to Canada after marrying Vida, and he wants to see Zara up and about before that. Upon hearing this, Zara takes hesitant steps and is able to walk. An overjoyed Zain recounts this to Vida, who comments that he must be the happiest man on earth. She tells him that she is happy for him and urges him to see clearly as he is madly in love with Zara. She tells him that she has explained the whole situation to Zain's father and would be flying off to Canada alone.

Paragraph 17: However, continuing legal complications in the Welles estate and a lawsuit by Welles' daughter, Beatrice Welles, caused the project to be suspended. When Welles died in 1985 he had left many of his assets to his estranged widow Paola Mori, and after her own death in 1986, these were inherited by their daughter, Beatrice Welles. However, he had also left various other assets, from his house in Los Angeles to the full ownership and artistic control of all his unfinished film projects, to his long-time companion, mistress and collaborator Oja Kodar, who co-wrote and co-starred in The Other Side of the Wind. Since 1992, Beatrice Welles has claimed in various courts that under California law, she had ownership of all of Orson Welles' completed and incomplete pictures (including those which he did not own the rights of himself in his own life), and The Other Side of the Wind has been heavily affected by this litigation. The Guardian described how she "stifled an attempt by US cable company Showtime and Oja Kodar (Welles's partner in the latter part of his life) to complete The Other Side of the Wind", while The Daily Telegraph stated that Beatrice Welles had "blocked" the film. Matters have been exacerbated by much personal animosity between Oja Kodar and Beatrice Welles – Beatrice blames Kodar for causing the break-up of her parents' marriage, while Kodar blames Beatrice for attempting to block the screening or re-release of a number of her father's works, including Citizen Kane, Othello, Touch of Evil, Chimes at Midnight and Filming Othello. (The latter claim has been supported by film critic Jonathan Rosenbaum, who has accused Beatrice of being solely motivated by profit in claiming royalties from these films, then settling out of court as studios have been keen to avoid costly legal battles.) A clause of Welles' will, specifying that anybody who challenges any part of Kodar's inheritance will be automatically disinherited, remains unenforced – Kodar sought to have it enforced in the 1990s, but could not afford the legal fees as the case dragged on.

Paragraph 18: The doctrine is sometimes said to be rooted in Plato. While Plato never directly stated the doctrine, it was developed, based on his remarks on evil, by the Neoplatonist philosopher Plotinus, chiefly in the eighth tractate of his First Ennead. The following quotation from that tractate, in which evil is described as non-being, illustrates this:As these are real beings, and as the first Principle is their superior, evil could not exist in such beings, and still less in Him, who is superior to them; for all these things are good. Evil then must be located in non-being, and must, so to speak, be its form, referring to the things that mingle with it, or have some community with it. This "non-being," however, is not absolute non-being. Its difference from being resembles the difference between being and movement or rest; but only as its image, or something still more distant from reality. Within this non-being are comprised all sense-objects, and all their passive modifications; or, evil may be something still more inferior, like their accident or principle, or one of the things that contribute to its constitution. To gain some conception of evil it may be represented by the contrast between measure and incommensurability; between indetermination and its goal; between lack of form and the creating principle of form; between lack and self-sufficiency; as the perpetual unlimited and changeableness; as passivity, insatiableness, and absolute poverty. Those are not the mere accidents of evil, but its very essence; all of that can be discovered when any part of evil is examined. The other objects, when they participate in the evil and resemble it, become evil without however being absolute Evil.

Paragraph 19: Although Jason has had many romances, all of them were short-lived since he has a fear of commitment. He has had many flings with street residents, Candice Stowe (Nikki Sanderson) and Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien). He seemed to have settled down with Violet Wilson (Jenny Platt), even uncharacteristically promising to care for her when he thought she was pregnant. Jason is stunned to learn about Violet sharing a drunken kiss with his enemy/employer, Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward). He attempts to continue the relationship but is unable to forgive Violet and ends their relationship. During their separation, he starts dating Sarah and despite reconciling with Violet, he continues his affair with her. Eventually, Violet discovers the affair and dumps Jason. Separated from Violet again, Jason and Sarah continue their relationship, much to the dismay of their mothers. Their relationship struggles initially as Sarah feels insecure about his feelings for Violet and the fact he proposed to Sarah while still with Violet, leading to a showdown in which Sarah ends her relationship with Jason in the Rovers. After days of constant quarrels, Jason ultimately decides to get back with Sarah and after she refuses to speak to him, Jason breaks into her house and proposes. She accepts, although they suffer further disapproval from their mothers. They announce their engagement in the Rovers in Violet's presence, which Sarah wants to do to make a point. The wedding, though, is a disaster. Jason develops cold feet and flees through a toilet window at the venue, leaving Sarah heartbroken. After months of ignoring Jason, Sarah reunites with him. However, on Christmas Day 2006, Jason has a major surprise delivered to the front door in the shape of a baby – supposedly his little girl by a young woman called Emma (Stephanie Waring). It later turns out that baby Holly is the baby of Charlie Stubbs.

Paragraph 20: The vessel struck a reef off Bass Point, Shellharbour, late on Wednesday night, and was badly holed. As she appeared likely to founder quickly, she was abandoned, and the crew of 11 rowed to Kiama, five miles away. Returning to the scene early yesterday morning, they were astonished to find that the Incoming tide had refloated the vessel, which was rapidly drifting out to sea. The crew, in the ship's dinghy, reached Kiama at 2 o'clock yesterday morning, and Captain James Reid, the master, reported the matter to the police. The men rested until shortly before daybreak, and then set out in a launch owned by Mr. C. Stead to retrieve their personal belongings. As they drew near the spot where the Koraaga had gone ashore they found she had disappeared, and it was feared that she had already foundered. Within a few minutes, however, the vessel was seen about a mile and a half offshore, drifting southward under the influence of a strong current and a stiff north-easterly breeze. Her trawling flags were still flying, and she gave the appearance of being under control. So much so that, several hours later, two Interstate steamers passed without noticing anything amiss. By noon the trawler, now low in the water, was several miles out to sea. Members of the crew overtook the Koraaga early in the morning and went on board. They found that the engine room was flooded, and the vessel was being kept afloat by watertight compartments. There were then two possibilities, either that she would founder when the weight of water broke down the bulkheads, or that she would go ashore on Gerringong Beach. Word was sent to Sydney, and Cam and Sons, the owners, dispatched the trawler Charlie Cam, equipped with towing gear, to the scene. It was hoped to reach her before she went ashore or sank, and that she would have sufficient buoyancy to enable her to be towed to Sydney. She disappeared, however, before the Charlie Cam had reached the scene, and the salvage trawler was recalled. Worn out by his all day vigil beside the sinking vessel, Captain Reid returned to Kiama at 4 o'clock. He reported that the trawler had heeled over and foundered an hour before, about five miles east of Black Head, Gerringong, 9 miles from Kiama. Captain Reid was on board until just before the foundering. He said that the Koraaga sank in two minutes. The trawling flags and signals were still flying when she disappeared.

Paragraph 21: Mental Overdrive is the primary solo moniker of Per Martinsen (born 31 July 1966), one of Norway's most prolific and influential techno musicians. His tracks have ranged from hardcore rave techno to vibrant space-disco, and he's always maintained a healthy balance of humor and braininess. Active since 1990, he began his career releasing several 12" EPs of aggressive, rave-ready hardcore techno on revered Belgian label R&S, including 12000 AD (1990), The Second Coming (1991), Move! (as Confusion Club, 1991), and The Love EP (1992). In 1994, Martinsen began releasing atmospheric techno singles as part of Illumination, his duo with Nicholas Sillitoe. The next year, Mental Overdrive released the single "Disto Disco," which featured a B-side ("Faith") co-written by R&S artist Outlander, best known for the 1991 classic "Vamp." The A-side appeared on Mental Overdrive's full-length debut Plugged, released on Martinsen's own Love OD Communications. The album showed a notable progression in his music, maintaining its rough, distorted hardcore techno sound while adding more cerebral elements, placing it closer to Warp's Artificial Intelligence series. Martinsen displayed his sense of humor with 1996's Unplugged, a limited conceptual release containing silent "versions" of the tracks on Plugged.  083 In 1997, Mental Overdrive signed to Virgin and released About Jazz, a significantly more house/disco-influenced EP than his previous work. This was followed by full-length Ad Absurdum, which continued in a more light-hearted and funky direction than his previous releases. He took a few years off from releasing Mental Overdrive recordings, instead devoting time to Frost (his more pop-focused electronic duo with his wife Aggie Peterson) and Illumination, which released two albums on RCA. Following the 2003 release of Mental Overdrive's Me EP on Love OD, he signed to Norwegian label Smalltown Supersound and released full-length 083, which featured the single "Diskodans." In 2005, the label compiled his early R&S material on CD as The Phuture That Never Happened. Two years later, Mental Overdrive's single "Spooks" appeared on Prins Thomas' Full Pupp label. The song appeared on his next Smalltown full-length, You Are Being Manipulated, which was released in 2008. The album was perfectly at home with the label's other left-field dance artists like Bjørn Torske and Kim Hiorthøy, while maintaining the unique Mental Overdrive sound. Martinsen continued releasing Mental Overdrive singles on Full Pupp and Love OD, and contributed to Rune Lindbæk's Meanderthals project. In 2012, he released Man with a Movie Camera, an EP featuring music he'd composed for a 1996 screening of the Russian silent film of the same name, which also featured pieces by Biosphere which would later appear on the 2001 remaster of his classic album Substrata. Mental Overdrive returned to his Love OD label for 2013 full-length Cycls, as well as 2014's Everything Is Connected, which compiled a few previously released EPs. In 2016, Full Pupp sublabel Rett I Fletta released a new version of Plugged consisting of alternate takes sourced from the original DAT tapes. (Paul Simpson for allmusic.com)

Paragraph 22: Yenakiieve is an important regional centre of coal mining, metallurgy, chemical production and manufacturing. The city's outdated industry has caused accidents like that of a gas explosion which occurred in June 2008 at one of Yenakiieve's coal mines. Yenakiieve was founded in 1898 when numerous workers' settlements around the Peter's Iron and Steel Works were united into a single settlement named after . Its first coal mines dated from 1883. The settlement was incorporated as a city in 1925. By 1958, the city and factories had expanded significantly and overtook the outlying villages of Simyukuo, Yevrah, and Tsiminyenny, all of which were resettled in their entirety when local livestock could not survive the expanding steel mills' runoff and pollution. One of the oldest metallurgical factories of Ukraine—the Yenakiieve Iron and Steel Works—operates in Yenakiieve.

Paragraph 23: Between 1438 and 1446 (several decades before the activities of Leonardo da Vinci), he created manuscripts in Latin on a wide variety of technical subjects, including astronomy, hydraulics, astronomical instruments, and drawings of apparent inventions like a folding ladder and a gem polishing machine. Among the manuscripts is a copy (in Henri's handwriting) of Jacob of Liège's Speculum musicae. The best known part is his treatise on the design and construction of musical instruments, containing, amongst others, the earliest illustration of a harpsichord. He gave  a detailed description of the action and the operation of this keyboard plucked instrument with the complex linkages between the keyboard and the strings. He also described the lute, the clavichord, the dulce melos, and the organ. His description of the organ is more practical than earlier treatises, describing the composition of the diapason chorus and the scaling of the pipes. He describes the layout of pipes, either with the longest in the middle, "in the form of a bishop's mitre", or in chromatic order, longest at the left, and he is credited with the first mention of reed pipes. All instruments in his manuscript were to be played at the court and not in churches. The manuscripts were probably only bundled in the 16th century (F-Pn Lat. 7295).

Paragraph 24: Several miles upstream (east),  on the canal's south side were purchased in 1888 by a former Civil War chaplain, Major Winfield Scott, establishing what is now Scottsdale. Murphy later built the Ingleside Club hotel near Scottsdale (in what is now Arcadia), laying the foundation for the area's vital tourism economy. Several resorts – The Phoenician, Biltmore, Royal Palms, a Pointe Hilton and a Ritz-Carlton – were all built close to the canal between 1929 and 1988. Also, five shopping malls of varying size and affluence – Borgata, Scottsdale Fashion Square, Biltmore Fashion Park, Metrocenter Mall and Arrowhead Towne Center – now reside along the canal's route.  Five miles were added to the canal's western end in 1894, completing its  length.

Paragraph 25: The riding school was first named during the Habsburg Monarchy in 1572, long before the French manege of Antoine de Pluvinel, and is the oldest of its kind in the world. Records show that a wooden riding arena was first commissioned in 1565, but it wasn't until 1729 that Emperor Charles VI commissioned the architect Joseph Emanuel Fischer von Erlach to build the white riding hall used today. Prior to that time, the school operated from a wooden arena at the Josefsplatz. For a time, the riding hall was used for various ceremonies, but it is now open to the public, who may witness the training and performances by the stallions. 

Paragraph 26: Kim and Claudette clash at Pearl's first birthday party, and when Claudette's foster son Linford Short (Leon Lopez) announces that she is a finalist in the Pride of Walford Awards, Kim tries to take the attention away by jumping on Pearl's bouncy castle, which Claudette then punctures; Denise tells Kim that Claudette did this deliberately. Kim is horrified when Donna decides she wants Vincent to be a sperm donor so she can have a baby, but Vincent convinces her it is the right thing to do, however, it does not work and Donna changes her mind. When Kim finds out that Denise is pregnant but wants the baby adopted, Kim decides she and Vincent should adopt the child, but Denise is against this. Vincent discovers that Kim has received a parking fine in his car for parking in a bus lane; she discovers that Donna has a disabled parking permit so Kim uses Claudette as a way into Donna's flat and steals the permit to go shopping. Vincent discovers this and tells Donna, who tells her it is wrong; Patrick reveals Kim has never passed her driving test so Vincent bans her from driving his car. Vincent then gives Kim driving lessons, but she is angry that people are taking bets on whether she will pass or fail her test. She also worries when Denise does not want to tell her daughters that she is pregnant; Kim tells Libby, prompting her return to Walford. She passes her driving test but breaks her arm, so she is annoyed that she is unable to drive. Kim and Vincent travel to Montserrat and Denise is upset to learn that Kim has told their mother, Emerald Fox (Doña Croll), that Denise is pregnant. Denise gives birth to a boy, but Kim becomes angry when she discovers that Denise still plans to have her son adopted and tries to reason with her. Denise refuses to change her mind, so Kim brands her a "cold-hearted bitch". Vincent comforts Kim but advises her to accept and respect Denise's decision otherwise she would lose her sister, however, Kim stands by her own decision and decides to cut all ties with Denise. When Denise survives a bus crash, Denise rejects Kim's support. Kim throws Emerald a farewell dinner and invites Denise but Emerald and Patrick suspect that she has planned it for the same time as Denise's class to make her look bad. Kim embarrasses Denise by interrupting her class and revealing that Denise abandoned her son. An angry but defiant Denise eventually goes to the dinner but confronts Kim, telling her that she realises that Kim still sees Denise as a mother and fears being abandoned by her. At Emerald's leaving party, Kim and Denise stand up for each other against Emerald when she criticises Kim's parenting, and when Kim says she is thankful for her sister, Emerald says they are not really sisters, explaining that Denise was brought to her as a baby. This causes Kim and Denise to reunite. After learning that Denise's friends know the identity of her son's biological father, Kim decides to find out the truth herself, concluding that Denise's former fiancé Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt) is the father. Kim confronts Ian but his wife Jane Beale (Laurie Brett) informs her that he has had a vasectomy so cannot father any more children. Denise eventually tells Kim that Phil is the father, which shocks Kim; Denise begs her not to tell anyone. When Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami) suffers a cardiac arrest, Kim assists Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy), who performs CPR. Kim is interviewed by a local radio station and plans to use the opportunity to advertise The Albert, but changes her mind after seeing Ian, who has lost his son and business in a fire.

Paragraph 27: Launching an assault in February 1918, the Third Army of the Ottoman Empire occupied Western Armenian settlements one after another. Following the failure of Trabzon peace talks in April, Third Army commander Mehmed Wehib Pasha moved his forces towards Transcaucasia. Taking advantage of the conciliatory policy of the leadership of the newly-proclaimed Transcaucasian Federative Republic, the Turkish military units captured the heavily fortified Castle of Kars on 25 April, thus creating a direct threat to Alexandrapol. Following the siege of Kars, the Ottoman Forces Command put forward new conditions to the Transcaucasian authorities, demanding the surrender of Akhalkalaki, Akhaltsikhe and Alexandrapol, as well as of Alexandropol–Julfa railway, which the Turkish troops could use to reach Tabriz and get their hands on all the Transcaucasian railroads before the end of the war against the British. Unwilling to wait for the end of negotiations with the Transcaucasian delegation in Batumi, the Turkish forces took Alexandropol with a quick offensive on 15 May, creating a threat of conquest for all of Eastern Armenia. At this point, only a small area of Armenian territory remained unconquered by the Turks, and into that small area, hundreds of thousands of Armenian refugees fled. It seemed like it was only a matter of time until that too would be overrun.

Paragraph 28: Brian Field quickly became successful in both his personal and professional lives, he married a pretty German girl named Karin and rose to be a solicitor's managing clerk for John Wheater & Co. Despite the fact that he was only 28 at the time of the robbery, he was already much more successful than his boss, John Wheater. Field drove a new Jaguar and had a house he called "Kabri" (an amalgam of Karin and Brian) with his wife at the Bridle Path, Whitchurch Hill, Oxfordshire, near Pangbourne, while his boss owned a battered Ford and lived in a rundown neighbourhood. Part of the reason for this is that Field was not averse to giving some of his less savoury clients good information on what some of his wealthier clients had in their country houses, making them prime targets for the thieves. Another key reason being that an honest solicitor was useless to a career criminal of that era. What was needed was a bent solicitor who could arrange for alibis and friendly witness statements and bribe police and witnesses. As the managing clerk at his law firm, Field was able to carry out these activities and encourage repeat business. On one occasion he described the contents and layout of a house near Weybridge where his wife Karin had once been a nanny to a couple of criminals that he represented at various times in his career, Gordon Goody and Buster Edwards. He had arranged Buster's defence when he had been caught with a stolen car, and later met Goody at a nightclub in Soho. Field was then called upon to assist in the defence of Goody in the aftermath of the "Airport Job" which was a robbery carried out on 27 November 1962 at a branch of Barclays Bank at London Airport. This was the big practice robbery that the South West Gang had done prior to their grand scheme – the Great Train Robbery. Field was successful in arranging bail for Goody and Charlie Wilson.

Paragraph 29:  (2006) The gradual phasing out of the restored stainless steel Budd cars was to have taken place, with all departures in both directions to have been operated in favor of the more modern European-built Renaissance equipment. However, Via has had occasional problems with this equipment and has had to use the Budd cars. Work on upgrading the Renaissance fleet has resulted in the need to operate one Budd consist (with the two other consists Renaissance outfitted) during the winter season. This took place through to the winter of 2011/2012, and ended after the service was reduced to three trips a week, with the exception of extra Budd-equipped trains during the Christmas holidays in 2014 and 2015. A stainless steel Park Car (originally built in 1954) was attached to the end of every train for passengers in Easterly Class (named "Sleeper Plus"). Though initially available only during the peak summer season and the Christmas holidays, the Park car was part of every train year-round. The Renaissance cars' European couplers made it necessary to insert a barrier vehicle known as a transition car (numbered 7600–7602) between the Renaissance sleeping cars and the Park Car (or other Budd HEP cars). The transition car is converted from a Renaissance sleeper shell and is effectively an empty walk-through corridor with carpeted floor and handrails along the walls.

Paragraph 30: Ahmed Shah I laid the foundation of Bhadra Fort starting from Manek Burj, the first bastion of the city in 1411 which was completed in 1413. He also established the first square of the city, Manek Chowk, both associated with the legend of Hindu saint Maneknath. His Gujarat Sultanate (1411-1573) ruled from the city until 1484. His grandson Mahmud Begada transferred capital from Ahmedabad to Muhammadabad from 1484 to 1535 but carried out second fortification of the city. Later Ahmedabad again became capital of sultanate until it fell to Mughals in 1573. During Mughal rule (1572-1707), Bhadra Fort served as the seat of Governor of Gujarat. The city flourished with addition of several settlements in and around the city. Of the population of the city no estimate has been traced. There is some estimate of the size of city in works of the time: Ferishta, the Ain-i-Akbari, and the Mirat-i-Ahmadi. According to the Ain-i-Akbari (1580), there were 360 puras, of which only eighty-four were then flourishing; according to Ferishta there were, in 1600, 360 mahalla, each surrounded by a wall ; the Mirat-i-Ahmadi in one passage says, such was once its populous state that it contained 380 puras, each pura a considerable quarter almost a city; in another passage he mentions twelve city wards and others outside, and in his detailed account of the city he mentions by name 110 suburbs of which 19 were settled under Mughal rule. German traveller Mandelslo (1638) mentioned the suburbs and dependent villages are nearly seven leagues round. During Mughal and Maratha struggle (1707–1753) to control the city, the city was harmed and several suburbs were depopulated. The city walls damaged in battles and the trade was affected. The city revenue was divided between Mughal and Maratha rulers.  Later during Maratha rule (1758–1817), the city revenue was divided between Peshwa and Gaekwad. These affected the economy of the city due to more extraction of taxes. In 1817, Ahmedabad fell under British Company rule which stabilized the city politically and improved the trade. The population rose from 80,000 in 1817 to about 88,000 in 1824. During the eight following years a special cess was levied on ghee and other products and at a cost of £25,000 (Rs. 2,50,000) the city walls were repaired. About the same time a cantonment was established on a site to the north of the city. The population rose (1816) to about 95,000. The remaining public funds  after the walls were finished were used for municipal purposes. The old city continued to be the centre of political activities during the Indian independence movement under Mahatma Gandhi.