Paragraph 1: On September 16, 1998, Olímpico won the CMLL World Welterweight Championship from Karlof Lagarde, Jr., the first singles title of his career. On October 23, 1998, Olímpico headlined his first CMLL show, losing the CMLL Welterweight title to Halcón Negro. A week later Olímpico once again faced Halcón Negro in the main event, this time defeating Negro in a Luchas de Apuesta, winning the mask of his opponent. On February 27, 1999, Olímpico made his first trip to Japan, losing the CMLL Welterweight title to Super Delfin. Back in Mexico Olímpico worked a feud against Rey Bucanero, a feud that involved mask ripping every time the two were in the same ring, building to a Luchas de Apuesta between the two. The match never happened however; instead Rey Bucanero lost his mask to Shocker leaving the Olímpico / Bucanero storyline unfinished. On March 30, 2000, Olímpico, Mr. Niebla, and Safari defeated the team of Blue Panther, Fuerza Guerrera, and El Signo to win the Mexican National Trios Championship. In 2002, CMLL decided to create a Mini-Estrella version of Olímpico called Pequeño Olímpico, a short wrestler who wore an outfit patterned after Olímpico's outfit at the time. On June 23, 2003, Olímpico, Mr. Niebla, and Safari lost the Trios title to Los Nuevo Infernales, the team of Averno, Mephisto, and Satánico. After working as a tecnico (a good guy character, called a face in wrestling) since 1992, Olímpico turned rudo (villain or Heel) on February 20, 2004 as he turned on his tag team partners El Felino and Virus during a match, allowing the team of Zumbido, Violencia and Veneno to win the match. Following his turn he joined a group called Los Guerreros del Infierno with Último Guerrero, Rey Bucanero, and Tarzan Boy. While his rudo turn was surprising, it was soon overshadowed when Atlantis turned rudo and joined Los Guerreros in early 2005, relegating Olímpico to the secondary trios teams, working with Tarzan Boy and other Los Guerrero's associates while the team Último Guerrero, Rey Bucanero, and Atlantis was the main Guerreros del Infierno team. On September 30, 2005, Olímpico and Atlantis were chosen to challenge Hiroshi Tanahashi and Shinsuke Nakamura for the IWGP Tag Team Championship, when the Japanese duo made a trip to Mexico; Tanahashi and Nakamura successfully defended the title. Over the next three years Olímpico worked the semi-main and sometimes main event Trios matches but never got the "big" match or won any championships.

Paragraph 2: Stigma's official debut date was given as July 26, 2010, but as he is a masked wrestler it is possible that he worked as a different ring character before that date. Stigma trained at the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) wrestling school in Puebla, Puebla and worked primarily in Arena Puebla early on. Initially he made a large number of mistakes during his matches, due to nerves and inexperience, but the mistakes coupled with the fact that the Arena Puebla bookers quickly promoted him up the ranks made the fans critical of him and often booed him during his early career. Stigma stepped back, intensified his training and by 2012 he had become a more skilled, well rounded wrestler who was earning his position in CMLL through his skills. He was one of 16 young wrestlers who participated in the first ever Torneo Sangre Nueva ("Young Blood Tournament"), designed specifically to elevate some of these young wrestlers up the ranks. Stigma took part in the Block A torneo cibernetico elimination match. Stigma lost to Cancerbero in a match won by Dragon Lee. In the months following the Sangre Nueva tournament Stigma became involved in a "Puebla vs. Los Coliseinos" (wrestlers who came from Arena Coliseo in Mexico City), defending his home town of Puebla against the "Outsiders". The feud led to a 12-man torneo cibernetico where "Team Puebla" (Stigma, Asturiano, Espiritu Maligno, Karissma, Lestat and Milenium) defeated "Team Coliseinos" (Dragon Lee, Hombre Bala Jr., Pegasso, Puma King, Skándalo and Súper Comando). The following week all 12 competitors risked either their mask or hair as they participated in a Lucha de Apuesta ("Bet match") Steel cage match. Stigma escaped the cage, keeping his mask safe while Puma King defeated Karissma to unmask him. Stigma made his Super Viernes debut on the October 5, 2012 version, teaming with Camaleón to defeat Los Hombres del Camoflaje (Artillero and Súper Comando). Working on CMLL's main show was a sign that CMLL had plans to promote Stigma on a national level instead of only locally in Puebla. Stigma participated in the 2013 Torneo Sangre Nueva, but like in 2012 did not make it past the preliminary round as he was eliminated by Bobby Zavala. In late March, 2013 Stigma was announced as one of the Novatos, or rookies, in the 2013 Torneo Gran Alternativa, or "Great Alternative tournament". The Gran Alternativa pairs a rookie with an experienced wrestler for a tag team tournament. Stigma teamed with veteran La Mascara. The two competed in Block A on April 12, 2013 losing to Taurus and Averno in the first round. Alt URL Stigma defeated Espiritu Maligno for his first Mask vs Mask in July 29, 2013 in Arena Puebla. Stigma defeated Camorra for his Mask vs Mask in December 30, 2013 in Arena Puebla. In Arena Puebla, on July 16, 2014 Stigma unsuccessfully challenged Virus for the CMLL World Lightweight Championship. In January 2015, Stigma made his New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) debut, when he worked the Fantastica Mania 2015 tour, co-produced by CMLL and NJPW. In May, 2015 CMLL Stigma competed in a qualifying match for the 2015 version of En Busca de un Ídolo as one of 16 wrestlers in the qualifying torneo cibernetico, elimination match where the last eight wrestlers would qualify for the tournament. He competed against Akuma, Blue Panther Jr., Cancerbero, Canelo Casas, Delta, Disturbio, Esfinge, Flyer, El Gallo, Guerrero Maya Jr., Joker, Pegasso, Raziel, Sagrado and Boby Zavala. Stigma pinned Pegasso during the match but ended up being the seventh wrestler eliminated, pinned by Esfinge.

Paragraph 3: Jerry Lawler was going to join the broadcast team in 2012 on SmackDown until he had a heart attack. Lawler became ill with diverticulitis on January 1, 2015, leading to the WWE pay-per-view events kickoff analyst Booker T taking his announcing duties. When Lawler recovered from diverticulitis, WWE moved him to the SmackDown broadcasting team after the broadcast on January 9, 2015, with his first air date as January 15, 2015. Booker T also joined the broadcast team on Raw as the alternate color commentator on September 26, 2011, until October 3, 2011, and October 2, 2011, at Hell in a Cell pay-per-view, along with Michael Cole and Jim Ross, April 25, 2011 Raw episode alongside Josh Mathews, Cole and Lawler, and he also joined with Cole and Lawler to provide commentary on June 20, 2011, November 21, 2011, and March 26, 2012. On June 1, 2015, Booker T left Raw as a commentator to film Tough Enough, leaving the color-commentator position vacant. However, NXT color commentator and WWE pay-per-view events kickoff analyst Byron Saxton replaced him afterwards on June 8, 2015. Saxton appeared as guest announcer on Raw for two weeks after WrestleMania 31, alongside Jerry Lawler because Cole, Layfield, and Booker T were assaulted by Brock Lesnar in the opening segment. Cole, Lawler, and Layfield would continue to provide commentary during WWE pay-per-view events until December 13, 2015 (TLC), before Saxton took over for Lawler at the announce table on the next pay-per-view events (Royal Rumble, Fastlane and others) in 2016. For the 52 episodes of Raw in 2014, it was noted that only 18 episodes (34.6%) featured the show ending with a main event match with a decisive finish. At one point around WrestleMania, there were 10 occasions over 11 weeks where Raw ended with either a talking segment or a main event that ended in a disqualification or non-finish.Raw was awarded the 2014 Wrestling Observer Newsletter award for Worst Television Show, while its commentators John Layfield, Jerry Lawler and Michael Cole came in the top three in that order for the Worst Television Announcer award. Jon Mezzera and Wade Keller of Pro Wrestling Torch said respectively in 2015 that the Raw commentators "don't pay attention to the product. They are too busy making jokes and talking about other segments on the show and bickering with each other to actually pay attention and call what is happening in a match" and "It's not the announcers, though, it's the direction they're given. That falls on Vince McMahon".

Paragraph 4: Bertha Mae and Haldor Lillenas were partners in ministry. The partnership began at the beginning, when they were ordained together in 1912 as elders in the Church of the Nazarene by Dr. H. F. Reynolds at the 1912 assembly of the Southern California District. Their first ministry together had already begun in 1910 at the Peniel Mission in Sacramento, California. In the early days of their work, they were often in itinerant ministries and were poor. They sometimes relied on donations received while conducting street ministry. The couple received their first co-pastorate in 1910 for a church in Lompoc, California. Without the constant need to travel for itinerant ministry, the couple were able to start a family at this time. The couple had two children—Evangeline Mae (1911) and Wendell Haldor (1915). Together the couple led churches in Lompoc, California (1910-1912), Pomona, California (1912-1914), Auburn, Illinois (1916-1919), Peniel, Texas (1919-1920), Redlands, California (1920-1923), and Indianapolis, Indiana (1923-1926). Although both were accomplished hymnists, Haldor focused more so on the music ministry and was often away from their congregations for as much as three weeks at a time to work as a music evangelist. During the times that he was away, the pastoral leadership of the churches was left to Bertha Mae. While Haldor focused on hymn writing and publishing, Bertha Mae's success as a church planter and leader grew. Her most successful pastorate, at Indianapolis First Church of the Nazarene, saw the congregation double in size in just three years. While Bertha Mae took a primary role in the preaching in Indianapolis, Haldor was able to launch a publishing company, Lillenas Publishing, in 1924. At roughly the same time, however, Bertha Mae's health began to decline. The couple resigned from the co-pastorate in 1926. In 1930, Haldor sold the publishing company to The Nazarene Publishing House in Kansas City, Missouri and the couple moved to Missouri. In Missouri, Haldor continued to manage the business of Lillenas Publishing, while Bertha Mae devoted her time to missions and revivals. Bertha Mae became the second vice president of the Women's General Missionary Council of the Nazarene Church in 1930. In this role, she advocated for youth missions and edited the newsletter, Junior Light Bearers. As Bertha Mae's health continued to decline, the couple purchased and moved, in 1940, to a stone house near the Lake of the Ozarks that they named Melody Lane. Bertha Mae died five years later on April 13, 1945. She was buried at Forest Hill Calvary Cemetery in Kansas City.

Paragraph 5: The house's design was first conceived in 1885 by the architecture firm of Frank Bailey and Farmer. George William Frank, youngest son of George Washington Frank, was in charge of the firm. He designed the house as a gift to his parents. Construction on the house began in 1886 and was completed in 1889. George Washington Frank and his wife Phoebe moved into the home in 1890, possibly waiting for the large stained glass window on the second floor landing to be installed. The main floor of the home includes a Library, Grand Reception Hall, Front Vestibule, Drawing Room, Kitchen, Range Room, Butler's Pantry, Dining Room, two bathrooms, and George and Phoebe's private quarters. Each of these rooms, except the Kitchen, Range Room, and Butler's Pantry, were complete with their own hand carved fireplaces with imported tile from both the Netherlands and New Jersey. The house was the first west of the Missouri River to be wired for electricity during construction. Frank would entertain numerous investors at the house, hoping to draw attention to his businesses and success in Kearney. To draw attention to his success in the generation of hydroelectric power, and his installation of electric streetcars in Kearney, all the light fixtures in the home were based around the incandescent electric light bulb. The light fixtures featured little intricate detail, and even the original dining room fixture was four light bulbs at the end of a wire. While entertaining, the Franks would hire a famous opera singer to sing as the guests were arriving at the house. A harpist would play in the dining room during all of their meals, and an electric buzzer was located under the dining room table to summon servants when the next course for meals needed to be brought to the table. The Library of the house was rarely, if ever, used as a library. George Frank would bring many investors and guests to the room to show them out the window. The large window in the library looked east across the grounds of the house, and one could see Frank's power plant and the skyline of Kearney before the subsequent planting of trees and establishment of the Kearney State Normal School to the east of the house in 1905. Frank used the Drawing Room as his private office and kept a large oak desk in the center of the room, which was eventually taken down to the local pharmacy to pay for medication for Phoebe. The Drawing Room also housed the largest fireplace mantle out of the ten fireplaces located in the home. George and Phoebe's private quarters were also located on the main floor. Private chambers on the main floor of a home were often considered a scandal in the late 1800s, but George and Phoebe were in their late 60's when they moved in and did not want to bother with the stairs. The second floor included numerous guest rooms and a bedroom for the Franks' head cook and chief of staff, Eliza Galloway. Eliza was a freed African American slave from Maryland and had met George Washington Frank's brother Augustus in New York. When Frank lost the house in 1900 he gave his silver and china collections to her to start her own catering company. The third floor was used as servants' quarters, and at its peak would have held an estimated 47 staff members. The basement of the home was originally furnished and was home to a wine cellar, billiards room, and the bedroom of the Franks' coachman, John Dallas Sauders. By 1900, grieving the loss of his wife, and facing financial difficulty brought on by over-extension and the Panic of 1893, Frank was forced to leave the home to the bank.

Paragraph 6: He was sent to Dunkirk to the Romanist refugees from the Commonwealth of England, and in the midst of his missionary occupations published several books. In 1665 or 1666 he returned to Paris, and published in 1671 Les Entretiens d'Ariste et d'Eugène, which was reprinted four more times at Paris, twice at Grenoble, and afterwards at Lyon, Brussels, Amsterdam, Leiden and other cities. The work consists of six conversations (entretiens) between two companionable friends whose Greek- and Latin-derived names both mean "well-born", in the agreeable discursive manner of the well-informed amateur as it had become established in the salons—"the free and familiar conversations that well-bred people have (honnêtes gens, a by-word of the précieuses of the salons) when they are friends, and which do not fail to be witty, and even knowledgeable, though one never dreams there of making wit show, and study has no part in it." The subjects, erudite but devoid of pedantry,  are the Sea, considered as an object of contemplation, the French language, Secrets, True Wit ("Le Bel Esprit"), The Ineffable ("Le Je ne sais quoi") and Mottoes ("Devises"), all expressed in flawless idiom and effortless allusions to the Classics or Torquato Tasso. The popularity of Bouhours' discursive, heuristic Entretiens extended to Poland, where Stanisław Herakliusz Lubomirski imitated them in Dialogues of Artakses and Ewander.

Paragraph 7: The Westerner is a 1940 American Western film directed by William Wyler and starring Gary Cooper, Walter Brennan and Doris Davenport. Written by Niven Busch, Stuart N. Lake and Jo Swerling, the film concerns a self-appointed hanging judge in Vinegaroon, Texas, who befriends a saddle tramp who opposes the judge's policy against homesteaders. The film is remembered for Walter Brennan's performance as Judge Roy Bean, for which he won his record-setting third Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. James Basevi and Stuart N. Lake also received Academy Award nominations for Best Art Direction, Black and White and Best Story, respectively. The supporting cast features Dana Andrews, Chill Wills and Forrest Tucker.

Paragraph 8: The Xanthomonadales are early divergents of bacteria within the Gammaproteobacteria, and are often used to root phylogenetic trees created for the class. Until recently, the Xanthomonodales order was inclusive of the families Xanthomonadaceae, Algiphilaceae, Solimonadaceae, Nevskiaceae and Sinobacteraceae. However, no molecular signatures were found that were inclusive of all families. The organisms were taxonomically rearranged such that Xanthomonadales included Xanthomonadaceae, which was later divided into two families. The division was in accordance with CSIs that were found specifically for all members of the emended Xanthomonadales order, providing support for the currently accepted taxonomy. All other species were transferred to Nevskiales, which did not share CSIs with Xanthomonadales, but remain close relatives within the Gammaproteobacteria. Cardiobacteriales, Chromatiales, Methylococcales, Legionellales and Thiotrichales are also deep branching orders that are phylogenetic neighbours of Xanthomonadales and Nevskiales members. The order Nevskiales harbors a single family (Salinisphaeraceae) and six  genera: Alkanibacter, Fontimonas, Hydrocarboniphaga, Nevskia, Solimonas and Steroidobacter.

Paragraph 9: The proposed Convention on the Rights of Older Persons (UNCROP) is likely to be the next major human rights treaty adopted by the United Nations. The proposed treaty will seek to remedy the fragmented human rights structure for Older Persons, and will focus on reaffirming critical human rights which are of concern to older persons. The focus of the treaty will be persons over 60 years of age, which is a growing demographic worldwide due to increased population ageing. The treaty follows from the success of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child which has seen near universal acceptance since 1989. Where the UNCRC focuses on the rights of younger persons, the UNCROP will address those who form the older portion of society, who according to United Nations reports, are becoming increasingly vulnerable as a group without applicable normative standards of human rights law. Support for a Convention is becoming increasingly popular, as human rights groups including the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), HelpAge International, the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, the International Labour Organization, and many other NGOs and states have expressed support for a universal instrument. A raising number of NGOs from across the world have joined forces in advocating for a Convention in the Global Alliance for the Rights of Older Persons (GAROP) which has been set up out of the need to strengthen the rights of older persons worldwide. With population ageing, the human rights of the growing number of older persons have become an increasingly important issue. Among the human rights issues faced by older persons are ageist attitudes leading to discrimination, exclusion and constraints on the legal capacity, autonomy and independent living of older people. Existing human rights violations have been further exacerbated and put on the spotlight by the COVID-19 pandemic. Older people have been denied access to health services and became prone to physical and social isolation. The stigmatisation of older people and ageist images of older persons have also become more evident. The debate surrounding the convention focuses on the implementation and safeguarding of older persons’ human rights aiming to set normative standards of human rights for older persons in an international legally binding instrument. An underlying common factor and root cause of many of human rights violations experienced by older persons, along with its ubiquitous, prevalent, and surreptitious nature, is ageism. Ageism, as defined by the World Health Organization, refers to the stereotypes, prejudice and discrimination towards others or oneself based on age. A UNCROP would go a long way to tackle ageism. Individual relationships generally fall outside of current human rights law, which seeks to present standards of relations between states and individuals. Therefore, it has been suggested that the proposed human rights convention for older persons ought to be drafted as an anti-discrimination convention. However, this would not be consistent with other multilateral human rights conventions such as the ICCPR and ICESCR which set normative standards.

Paragraph 10: Mills made his debut for Reading debut, starting the whole game, in a 5–1 win against Burton Albion in the first round of the League Cup. In a follow–up, he made his league debut for the club, starting the whole game, and keeping a clean sheet, in a 0–0 draw against Swansea City on 18 August 2009. Four days later on 22 August 2009, Mills scored his first goal for Reading, in a 3–1 loss against Sheffield United. However, Mills found his first team opportunities limited and was placed on the substitute bench, and for tactical reasons, according to Managers Rodgers. He also found his own injury concern along the way. Nevertheless, Mills' second goal came on 17 October 2009, in a 3–1 loss against West Brom. By January, he soon regained his first team place, dispatching a place from Alex Pearce and Darren O'Dea. Mills' performance was then praised after showing impressive display after helping the club beat Liverpool in the third round replay of the FA Cup on 13 January 2010. However against his former club, Doncaster Rovers on 7 February 2010, he was sent–off in the 80th minute for handball, resulting a penalty to the opposition team, as Reading won 2–1. After serving a one match suspension, Mills returned to the starting line–up against Crystal Palace on 17 February 2010, where he captained the club in the absence of Ívar Ingimarsson, as they won 3–1. Mills captained in a follow–up match against Blackpool, as Reading lost 2–0. After Reading's 1–0 win in March 2010 against Queens Park Rangers, Mills was seen making an apparent obscene gesture to his own supporters, for which he apologised. Manager Brian McDermott attributed his gesturing to passion, saying that Mills' actions would not dampen the player's relationship with his supporters—describing Mills' form as "inspirational". However, he was sent–off for the second time this season, coming against Ipswich Town on 3 April 2010 after a two footed challenge in the 30th minute, as the club lost 2–1. After serving a four match ban, Mills returned to the starting line–up and resumed his captaincy against Watford, as Reading lost 4–0 on 24 April 2010. In the absence of Ingimarsson, he captained the club in the remaining matches of the season. Mills appeared in 30 matches and scored two goals in all competitions for Reading during the 2009–10 season.

Paragraph 11: The manuscript is one of the most precious purple codices that survive from the Late Antique period.  It has been subjected to a non-invasive diagnostic campaign to evaluate the quality of the colourants used in its decoration, to understand how the parchment was coloured. Analyses highlighted the presence of Ultramarine Blue, which, besides the use of pure gold for the ink and paint, certifies the high value of the manuscript. In addition, this must be seen as one of the earliest examples of its use in paintings. The purple colour of the parchment was identified as Orchil, a dye extracted from lichens, similar to the results of analytical investigations carried out on other purple codices, and not the expected Tyrian purple dye.  

Paragraph 12: E18 was dispatched to the Baltic as part of the British submarine flotilla in the Baltic. She left Harwich on 28 August with her sister-ship HMS E19, first travelling to Newcastle to swing their compasses during which E19 burnt out one of her main armatures. After the delay to repair E19 they left Newcastle for the Baltic on 4 September at 1630 hrs. The two submarines separated and passed through the Øresund between Denmark and Sweden on the night of 8–9 September. During the passage E19 at one stage found herself only metres from E18'''s stern and decided not to enter together.  E18 encountered two German destroyers. She dived into water only  deep and — for almost three hours — progressed by crashing into the seabed and rising back up to break the surface. After several hours resting in deep water she surfaced in the morning only to be fired on by the German cruiser ; once again she dived to the bottom. The German cruiser and attending destroyers then began to criss-cross over E18 knowing her batteries would be very low. E18 had to remain on the bottom until the German ships, not then equipped with depth charges, left the area. After escaping she was attacked by another two destroyers, one of which came close to ramming her. On 10 September 1915 Halahan sighted what he thought were the German battlecruisers Lutzow and Seydlitz, and tried in vain to get into an attacking position, but in fact the ships were two German destroyers, the battlecruisers not in the area at the time. On 12 September E18 joined E19 and E9 off Dagerort, arriving in Reval (now Tallinn, Estonia) on the 13th. Halahan later wrote that entering the Baltic again should not be attempted unless absolutely necessary.E18 operated out of Reval through the autumn of 1915, departing on her first Baltic patrol on 21 September 1915. The following day she was in an excellent position to torpedo the German cruiser Bremen, but a surfaced Russian submarine caused the Bremen to turn away just as E18 was about to fire and the opportunity was lost; she returned to Reval on 29 September.

Paragraph 13: The meadow jumping mouse can range in length, from 180 mm to 240 mm, with its tail taking credit for most of its length, usually about 108 mm to 165 mm.  A distinct characteristic about this species is its enlarged hind feet, which can be 28 to 35 mm long, and relatively short forelimbs.  This gives it a kangaroo rat-like look, although its tail shows that it is not a kangaroo rat because it is not bushy at the tip.  The pelage of this creature is short, and with somewhat dense, coarse hair.  The color of the pelage has a few variations, but a broad dorsal stripe is always present.  This broad dorsal stripe is of a darker brown color, with black tips, giving it a somewhat a grayish appearance.  The sides are usually a lighter color, usually bright yellow to orange, and the under body is usually white, matching the color of its feet.  These mice have eight mammary glands, four inguinal, two pectoral, and two abdominal.  The male genitalia are inconspicuous except during mating season when the scrotal sac becomes enlarged and more visible.  The tail (which again makes up most of this creature's body length) is bicolored, showing a darker color from above and a lighter color below.  It is lightly covered with hair, which gets longer as it approaches the tip, but does not get bushy like the kangaroo rat.  Its ears are very noticeable, and its whiskers are prominent.  The head is small, and narrow, and it is considered to be relatively high crowned.  The nose is short, yet it is pointy, and the eyes are relatively big.  These mice also have a large infraorbital foramen.  With the exception of the Aye-Aye, the meadow jumping mouse is the only mammal to have eighteen teeth with a dental formula of: 1/1, 0/0, 1/0, and 3/3.  The upper jaw is short, and narrow.  The incisors are longitudinally grooved, and its cheek teeth are small.  Preceding the molars is a small peg-like premolar.  As a whole the female jumping mouse is slightly larger, and heavier than the male, but their weight varies quite a bit depending on the season. Their weight during summer seasons can range from 11.15 grams to 24. 8 grams, with an average at about 16 to 19 grams.  Just prior to hibernation, jumping mice can obtain a weight of 35 grams or larger.

Paragraph 14: The first season of Grey's received positive reviews from critics. In regard to the first season, New York Daily News named Grey's Anatomy a "winner", whereas Newsday expressed a positive opinion by stating "You simply can't stop watching!" Walter Chaw from Film Freak Central said the show was "so odious, so repugnant, that it's impossible not to have predicted its newly-minted role as the most popular program in the land." The Washington Post's Tom Shales was critical of the early series, finding it reminiscent of ER and commenting that: "The show is much more a matter of commercial calculation than an honest attempt to try something fresh and different." He called Rhimes' script for the pilot episode "nothing but a casserole made of equal parts ham-and-corn", writing that overall: "It's a 'new' show only in the sense that Dr. Frankenstein's monster was a new man." Kate Aurthur for The New York Times deemed the show a hybrid of Ally McBeal, Sex and the City and ER, writing of the news that it had become the highest-rated midseason drama in 12 years that: "When you parse its ratings, Grey's Anatomy underscores one of the real lessons of the current season - men will watch shows with a female lead. That goes against conventional wisdom, which dictates that it's easier to get women to watch shows aimed at men." Review Stream gave positive reviews regarding the pilot episode, "A Hard Day's Night", due to the undeniable chemistry between Ellen Pompeo and Patrick Dempsey from the series' first scene. Regarding Miranda Bailey's appearance in the pilot, ReviewStream.com stated "She's such a small woman but wait until she speaks." HomeTheaterInfo.com, however, had a mixed perspectives on the pilot, noting that the storylines were similar to fellow ABC series Desperate Housewives, but also "brilliantly written, extremely well-acted and directed to near perfection." IGN gave a positive review stating, "The show isn't derivative, and actually maintains a tenuous edge over its predecessor, the characters resemble real people - who are fragile, and yes, fallible." and added, "this facile description does little justice to the show's tightly-wound plotting, character subtleties, or masterful acting, it speaks to the intangible nature of what differentiates the wheat from the chaff, so to speak, in network television."

Paragraph 15: Female. Forewing length 3.5 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex and neck tufts dark brown with reddish gloss, medially and laterally lined white, collar dark brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally; scape dark brown with a white anterior line, white ventrally, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to one-fifth, changing into an interrupted line to one-half, followed towards apex by a dark brown section of approximately eight segments, three white, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown and eight white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae dark brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: greyish brown, femora of midleg and hindleg shining pale grey, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one and two with white apical dorsal spots, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg as midleg, first tarsal segment with ochreous-white basal and apical rings, segments two to four with ochreous-white apical rings, segment five entirely ochreous-white, spurs white, ventrally with a dark grey streak. Forewing dark brown with reddish gloss, four white lines in the basal area, a subcostal from base to one-third, slightly bending from costa, a short and straight medial above fold from one-quarter to two-fifths, a subdorsal below fold, similar in length to the medial, but slightly further from base, a dorsal from beyond base to the middle of the subdorsal, a broad yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with an apical protrusion, bordered at the inner edge by two golden metallic tubercular subcostal and subdorsal spots, the subcostal spot edged by a small patch of blackish brown scales on the outside, the subdorsal spot more towards apex than the subcostal, bordered at the outer edge by two similarly coloured costal and dorsal spots, the dorsal spot twice as large as the costal, both brownish edged on the inside, a broad white costal streak from the outer costal spot, a shining white apical line from just beyond the apical protrusion to apex, cilia dark brown around apex, brownish grey towards dorsum. Hindwing shining dark brownish grey, cilia brownish grey. Underside: forewing shining dark greyish brown, the white apical line distinctly visible, hindwing shining brownish grey. Abdomen dorsally shining brown with some reddish gloss, ventrally grey, segments banded shining yellowish white posteriorly, anal tuft greyish brown.

Paragraph 16: Eddy Gordo first appeared in Tekken 3 and appeared in the following title, Tekken Tag Tournament. In Tekken 4, Eddy Gordo was omitted from the roster and was replaced with Christie Monteiro, another Capoeira practitioner, but appeared as an alternate costume for Christie and without serving any purpose in the storyline. Masahiro Kimoto stated that Eddy was replaced because initially, they had intended to create a female Capoeira character in Tekken 3 but instead changed to a male character due to artistic limitations. In Tekken 4, the team was able to successfully create "an attractive female character" who practiced Capoeira, so they chose to replace Eddy with her. Eddy Gordo later served as a character costume swap for Christie in Tekken 5, and became a separate character once again in the Tekken 5 update, Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection; however, while he did have his own character customizations, his moveset remained identical to Christie's. Eddy Gordo appeared again in Tekken 6, and its update, Tekken 6: Bloodline Rebellion, but his moveset has remained similar to Christie's, only differing in move properties such as speed and distance. Additionally, in Bloodline Rebellion, Eddy serves as the boss for the 28th level of the Scenario Campaign Mode, the "Tekken Force 4th Special Forces Operational Group Compound".

Paragraph 17: Political campaigns and elections are featured in several episodes of The Simpsons. The season 2 episode "Two Cars in Every Garage and Three Eyes on Every Fish" features Mr. Burns running for governor against a popular incumbent with the intention of relaxing safety regulations for his business. The career politician is portrayed as a favorable alternative that cares about the state in comparison to Mr. Burns, who only seeks office for his own benefit. The season 6 episode "Sideshow Bob Roberts" features a mayoral election, pitting incumbent Mayor Quimby against Sideshow Bob, a man who had attempted to kill Bart Simpson. The Simpsons help Quimby in his reelection campaign, but Sideshow Bob is elected. Sideshow Bob uses his political power to make life difficult for the Simpsons, but it is discovered that he won through electoral fraud. The season 9 episode "Trash of the Titans" follows Homer Simpson as he runs for the office of sanitation commissioner, portraying him as an everyman who is unqualified for the role. The season 14 episode "Mr. Spritz Goes to Washington" follows Krusty the Clown as he runs for Congress to fix a local issue through government regulation. In the season 19 episode "E Pluribus Wiggum", Springfield holds the earliest presidential primary, and the town nominates eight-year-old Ralph Wiggum to express their distaste for the ensuing media circus.

Paragraph 18: Michiel de Ruyter, since February 1673 Lieutenant-Admiral-General of the confederate Dutch fleet, planned to blockade the main English fleet in the Medway by sinking blockships in its narrowest part, then deal with the remaining English squadrons at his leisure. But the English fleet took to sea in time to prevent this operation, and De Ruyter retreated on 15 May to the Schooneveld, the coastal waters at the mouth of the Schelde River, near the island of Walcheren, to prevent the allies from establishing the naval superiority needed for the transport and landing of a force of 6,000 soldiers of the English Army waiting at Yarmouth. The Schooneveld basin, between two shoals, was so narrow the allies could not take advantage of their numerical superiority. There, De Ruyter was joined by Tromp, adding the squadrons of the admiralties of Amsterdam and the Northern Quarter to that of the Admiralty of de Maze and the Zealandic fleet. De Ruyter read a message from the stadtholder to his captains, informing them they were not only the champions of their nation but of the whole of Christendom and that for any cowards, "the least safe place will be the ports of the State for there they shall escape neither the severe hand of Justice nor the curse and hatred of their compatriots", many later being overheard repeating these words to themselves.

Paragraph 19: The film includes Byrne's "big suit", an absurdly large business suit that he wears for the song "Girlfriend Is Better". The suit was partly inspired by Noh theatre styles, and became an icon not only of the film – as it appears on the movie poster, for instance – but of Byrne himself. Byrne said: "I was in Japan in between tours and I was checking out traditional Japanese theater – Kabuki, Noh, Bunraku – and I was wondering what to wear on our upcoming tour. A fashion designer friend (Jurgen Lehl) said in his typically droll manner, 'Well David, everything is bigger on stage.' He was referring to gestures and all that, but I applied the idea to a businessman's suit." Pauline Kael stated in her review: "When he comes on wearing a boxlike 'big suit' – his body lost inside this form that sticks out around him like the costumes in Noh plays, or like Beuys' large suit of felt that hangs off a wall – it's a perfect psychological fit." On the DVD he gives his reasoning behind the suit: "I wanted my head to appear smaller and the easiest way to do that was to make my body bigger, because music is very physical and often the body understands it before the head."

Paragraph 20: In 1996, Gerry O'Malley, the Minister of Science and Technology, proposed a plan to bury the Tar Ponds under slag procured from the steel mill. By this time, the project had attracted local critics, who condemned the plan. Also in 1996, the federal, provincial, and municipal governments jointly funded a community organization, the Joint Action Group (JAG), with a mandate to "educate, involve and empower the community, through partnerships, to determine and implement acceptable solutions for Canada's worst hazardous waste site and to assess and address the impact on human health." The three governments also embarked on detailed environmental site assessments, and a variety of preliminary cleanup projects. Although JAG held more than 950 public meetings, no clear consensus on cleanup technologies emerged. Bruno Marcocchio, founder of the Citizen Liaison Committee, complained that the JAG was only being used "to give credibility to back room, politically motivated manipulation." Governments, meanwhile, generated more than 620 technical and scientific reports on the problem, and possible solutions. Carl Buchanan, JAG's chairman, said: "This is going to be the most complex environmental cleanup ever undertaken in this country, and maybe anywhere. It's never been done on this scale, and right in the middle of a city."

Paragraph 21: Julia grew up in an atmosphere which encouraged her political interests and her adoration for her home village. When she was little she had a lot of influences which drove her to her interest in politics. On her father' side she had relatives who were ministers of the nation during the first and the second republic. However, her father, who was the mayor of Pontevedra, was a monarchic man. She was educated by particular teachers, as in that time very few women received some type of education. Later, she liked music but her parents thought that she could have a more important occupation. When she became an adult and a married woman, she was a woman anticipated to her time, she was very liberal, independent and very interested in politics and her home village, Barrantes. Consequently, when she was married her parents gave her "El Pazo de Barrantes" where she spent all the summers. She was very interested in the people from Barrantes, the farmers, the poverty, the insolation and so on. Her friends had a political ideology which helped her to define her own ideology; that is, a mixture of pro-Galician feeling, pro-land reform movement and conservative ideas. Due to all these ideas she met Ramón Cabanillas, Cambó and José Sánchez Guerra. On 25 September 1930, several important galician intellectuals and Julia met in Pazo de Barrantes to write a document which demanded the rights of Galicia. This is known as the Barrantes agreement (Pacto de Barrantes). This contract was signed by Ramón Cabanillas, Paz Andrade, Basilio Álvarez and others..... except Julia because she was a woman. This caused her to have problems with her family and some of her politician friends. During the Primo de Rivera dictatorship, Julia Becerra, a woman with strong democratic convictions, was as dissatisfied with the dictatorship as her friend José Sánchez Guerra. Otherwise she had a good relationship with the general Primo de Rivera. As a consequence we can tell she was an open-minded woman, because she was friends with very different people. Julia, countess of Creixel, was always between the devil and the deep blue sea because although she was in favour of the Republic, she was a friend of the king Alfonso XIII too. Besides the people who met in Barrantes were not in favour of the republican regime because the contract was judged in a very different way outside Barrantes. After the republic reclamation Julia participated more in politics, for instance she ran as a deputy in the province of Pontevedra, although she was not elected. During the Spanish Civil war she had a lot of contacts in the republican party, so she helped a lot of people who had their lives in danger.She contributed to saving a considerable number of lives thanks to her links to the organization "Socorro Blanco" The Spanish Civil war was a hard time for everybody. Her granddaughter Cristina Cebrián explains that thanks to the Barrantes Palace's house keepers, Julia and her family never lacked food or money because they kept all her shares despite the war. Some years later, she renounced to give up politics when the Civil war finished with the democracy in Spain.

Paragraph 22: Based in the old Pacific Bell building on Rose Street at Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley, California, Berkeley Systems grew to 120 employees and US$30 million annual revenue before it was acquired by the Sierra On-Line division of CUC International in 1997 for $13.8 million. Vivendi Universal’s subsequent acquisition of Sierra, and a host of similar enterprises, enjoined diverse competing sales and marketing departments with one sole directive: sell Web banner advertisements. As a result, Berkeley Systems became the U.S. headquarters of French-owned Flipside.com. In early 2000, Berkeley Systems was folded into the fledgling Los Angeles-based gambling site iWin.com, per the terms of that site's acquisition by Vivendi.

Paragraph 23: Price's men encamped south of Newtonia, in some woods near the McClain Farm. Some of the soldiers were sent into town to bring a flour mill into use. A report of approaching Union soldiers reached the Confederate camp, and Brigadier General M. Jeff Thompson attempted to organize a group of soldiers of his brigade to meet the threat. Thompson was unable to convince many of the tired Confederates to break their rest, and was only able to get about 200 men to follow him.  When no Union soldiers arrived and straggling Confederate soldiers arrived to dispute the rumor, Thompson sent his men back to the camp. At around 14:00, Union soldiers under the command of Colonel James H. Ford arrived, having approached the battlefield from the northwest.  Ford deployed McLain's Colorado Battery and the 2nd Colorado and 16th Kansas Cavalry Regiments. The Confederates were harvesting corn when the Union troops arrived and their skirmishers were quickly driven away from their position west of the town near the Mathew H. Ritchey Farm.  While this action was occurring, Union Major General James G. Blunt arrived to take command of the action; he personally fought with the 16th Kansas Cavalry during this stage of the fighting.

Paragraph 24: In 1971, the Newfoundland Amateur Hockey Association jumped on board by allowing their provincial Junior champion to compete in the Centennial Cup playdowns.  This lasted until 1977.  Also in 1971, the Maritime Junior A Hockey League folded, leaving the Charlottetown Islanders (the defending Dudley Hewitt Cup champions) to enter the Centennial Cup playdowns as an independent team.  Also in 1971, the Newfoundland Junior A Hockey League entered the fray.  In 1972, the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey Association folded when two of its teams (Sudbury Wolves and Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds) jumped to Major Junior.  The Charlottetown Islanders closed their doors after a marginal performance in the 1972 playdowns.  Two new leagues came in 1972, the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League was created as a rival league to the Southern Ontario Junior A Hockey League.  The SOJHL was more in Southwestern Ontario, while the OPJHL focused more on the Greater Toronto Area.  The other new league was the Quebec Junior A Hockey League.

Paragraph 25: Kammo (Nargis) lives a wealthy lifestyle with her widowed multi-millionaire dad, Girhdari Lal (Gope). He would like her to marry someone who is not after their wealth. To his dismay, she chooses to marry a pilot named Sumankumar (Pran), who is known for womanizing and greed. When he disapproves, she runs away from home. The news of her running is announced on radio and newspaper offering a reward of 1.25 lakhs for her safe return. On the run, she decides to go by bus to meet Suman. A free-lance reporter Sagar (Raj Kapoor) in search of a story is also going to Bangalore to get advance from his editor. An auto owner cum driver Bhagwan sees the news of reward and goes with his wife to find Kammo. The first encounter of Kammo and Sagar in the bus starts with a tiff. After night's journey full of tiffs the bus stops for passengers to eat snacks. Kammo wanders off and Sagar sees the news of her running and thinks that it will be good story. She misses the bus and Sagar also let it go for his scoop. They catch the next bus, in the bus a poet (Johnny Walker) bores her by reciting his poems at that point Sagar comes to her rescue claiming to be her husband. Midway through the journey the bus breaks down and they take a room in Banwari's (David) inn where only married couples are allowed. They share room and make a partition of bed sheet. The comic situation brings them closer. Kammo spends all the money to buy toiletries, etc. They start walking the next 7 km to Bangalore. Kammo falls in love with the simple life of villages. They spent night in the open where Bhagwan spots them. In the confusion of the melee they escape with auto and take a room in Madarilal's (Mukri) inn with promise to clear rent on check out. The adventure of journey and facing situations together bonds them and they fall in love with each other. Deciding to marry Kammo, Sagar goes to Bangalore to get advance from his editor, leaving a note, while Kammo is still sleeping. The editor gives him cheque which takes time to cash. Meanwhile in the morning the Madarilal's wife humiliates Kammo and throws her out as she does not have money to pay. Kammo thinks that Sagar has abandoned her for story. She phones her father from a house and asks him to come and take her home. Coming back Sagar sees her motorcade going. He thinks she has left her. Both feel let down and dejected. He buys the auto from Bhagwan from advance money. 

Paragraph 26: The old Hirsauer Kirche was originally the spiritual hub for all villages in the Eßweiler Tal. When it was that a church was first built in Hirsau (not to be confused with Hirsau in Baden-Württemberg) cannot be determined today. It can be assumed nonetheless that there had been an earlier church standing at the same spot centuries before the one that still stands now was built (about 1100); it may have been wooden. Churchgoers came from throughout the dale to attend services, all weddings were held there, and so were all funerals and burials. It was also the thingstead, and on certain days, market was held there, too. Hirsau lost this central role when in 1451 the church in Hinzweiler was built, although originally this only functioned as a chapel of ease to Hirsau's parish church. This actually brought about competition between the two churches in the time that followed for the function of parish church. As early as 1526, the Duchy of Palatinate-Zweibrücken introduced the Reformation into the church of the Oberamt of Meisenheim, replacing Catholic belief with Martin Luther’s teachings so that bit by bit, church services in the Eßweiler Tal, too, began to be conducted in accordance with the Reformation. The Offenbach Monastery, to which the Hinzweiler church was subject, at first opposed Reformist efforts. In 1555, though, the Rhinegraves of Grumbach, too, introduced the Reformation, and in 1588, the Offenbach Monastery was dissolved. In 1562, Eßweiler got its own graveyard. After the Counts Palatine of Zweibrücken had become absolute fiefholders over the Eßweiler Tal in 1795, worshippers then had to convert to Calvinism in line with developments in the County Palatine. Beginning in 1601, Hinzweiler became the temporary parish seat, but already by 1610, it once again had to yield this function to Hirsau, only to get it back after the Thirty Years' War. This structure remains in place to this day. In earlier days, Nerzweiler's inhabitants were mainly Reformed, according to John Calvin’s teachings. As minorities, there were Lutherans, who in 1818 merged with the Calvinists. Catholic Christians were not found in Nerzweiler until the early 19th century, and even thereafter, only sporadically. In 1743, out of 14 households, only two belonged to the Lutheran faith, while none belonged to either the Catholic or the Jewish faith. In 1825, only Protestants lived in the village, that is, former Calvinists and Lutherans after the 1818 Protestant Union. In 1961, among the 180 inhabitants was one Catholic.

Paragraph 27: During the "Opening Salvo" part of the Secret Empire storyline, Red Hulk stumbles upon the underground lair of Gorilla-Man and his army of Gorilla-Men. Gorilla-Man tries to remove Red Hulk's head in order to strengthen his Gorilla-Men army. Squirrel Girl manages to defeat Gorilla-Man and his army with her flying squirrels. Meanwhile, Steve Rogers has a meeting with Roberto da Costa and scolds him for his recent actions and Cannonball decides to quit the team so he could live with his wife Smasher and their son. Roberto then sees footage of the attacks in Manhattan, deep space, and in Sokovia. Cannonball returns to Earth only to discover the Alpha Flight Space Program, the Guardians of the Galaxy, and the Ultimates' battle against the Chitauri. He joins the heroes in battle until one of the Chitauri Dragons eats Quasar and explodes, leaving both him and Quasar to be presumed dead. When Roberto assembles the team, he is attacked by one of his scientists who has allied with Hydra. Meanwhile, the team arrives in Washington D.C. to confront Hydra when Red Hulk begins to attack them due to nanites that were injected in him, which starts to control him. When Pod and Squirrel Girl end up in Paris and are attacked by Hydra Agents, they are saved by the Champions of Europe consisting of Ares, Captain Britain, Excalibur, Guillotine, Outlaw, and Peregrine. Meanwhile, Cannonball is found by an alien, among the debris from the Chitauri battle, where it's revealed that he's still alive. Red Hulk and Iron Patriot are captured and imprisoned when they see a nearly dead Roberto in one of the cells. While adjusting to prison life, Toni manages to heal Roberto just in time, when Hydra soldiers show up at their cell. Meanwhile, Cannonball is sold at an auction to a human named Howard Mason and Squirrel Girl and Enigma help the Champions of Europe in raiding a Hydra base. At the prison, Roberto manages to use his powers to defeat the guards and free Red Hulk from the nanites controlling him, while Squirrel Girl, Enigma and the Champions of Europe defeat the Hydra soldiers in Paris by destroying a helicarrier and releasing other captured heroes. Cannonball is later brought to an Earth-like American small town named Glenbrook. In the aftermath of the event, Roberto resigns from A.I.M. and is visited by Smasher who tells him that Cannonball is still alive. Meanwhile, Toni deactivates the Hydra nanites in Red Hulk's blood enabling him to return to normal and gets asked by A.I.M. agents to be the organization's new leader and Squirrel Girl and Enigma are seen fighting the Plunderer and Blue Streak who were attempting to rob from the Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S. facility.

Paragraph 28: The Mahabharata narrates that King Dushyanta was once hunting in the forests, when he struck a fawn with his arrow. The fawn fled to the ashrama of Sage Kanva, and the king followed it. Upon reaching the ashrama, the king saw Shakuntala watering the plants, accompanied by her friends, named Anasuya and Priyamvada. Dushyanta and Shakuntala fell in love with each other. Since the sage Kanva was absent from the ashrama, they married according to the gandharva rites, and Shakuntala soon became pregnant. The king presented her with his signet ring, and left for his palace. When Dushyanta left Shakuntala, she grew pensive, and did not realise the arrival of Durvasa to the ashrama. Reputed for his anger, Durvasa took her ignorance of him as a sign of disrespect, and cursed her to be forgotten by the man she was contemplating at that very moment. Shakuntala did not hear this curse being placed upon her. When Kanva returned and learnt of these events, he sent Shakuntala to the palace of Dushyanta. Owing to the curse, Dushyanta did not recognised her. Greatly aggrieved, while Shakuntala was returning to the ashrama, her mother, Menaka, took her to the ashrama of Kashyapa. Shakuntala delivered a son. The boy grew brave and fearless, and was able to subdue even the wildest of beasts in the region. Kashyapa, therefore, named him Sarvadamana (all-subduing). After a period of time, when Dushyanta was returning home after visiting Indra, he came across Shakuntala, recognised her, and took her and his son to his palace. This boy grew up to become Bharata. Bharata conquered the world, and acquired three wives, though the sons born of these wives were so cruel that they were slain. Bharata propitiated the devas for a son, and they gave him a boy, whom he named Vitatha, also called Bharadvaja. According to another account, Bharadvaja blessed Bharata with a son named Bhumanyu. Bharata ruled for twenty-seven thousand years, and therefore, the kingdom that he inherited and expanded came to be known as Bhārata, named after him.

Paragraph 29: In 1888 the Fine Art Society planned an exhibition on birds and Marks decided to use this opportunity to take up an intensive study of birds and he became a regular visitor at the zoo. In 1890 he had a private exhibition on his bird works. As his career progressed, he became increasingly interested in painting birds. Possibly his most famous painting is A Select Committee (1891) which is now in the Walker Art Gallery. He was elected as a member of the Royal Academy following his painting Convocation, which was exhibited in 1878. Both of these demonstrated his interest in birds, in the former parrots and in the latter adjutant storks and in general his paintings depicted large birds and the colourful parrots and he visited the London Zoo regularly to observe them. His early works were in oil (The Convent Raven, 1870) but many of his paintings of birds were watercolours, which he exhibited at the Old Watercolour Society or at the Fine Art Society. St Francis Preaching to the Birds (1870), was first sold for sold for £450 and seven years later for £1155. His diploma work Science is measurement depicting a scientist with measuring instruments before the skeleton of an adjutant stork is considered a classic. He got the idea of painting this scene while taking measurements for his earlier paintings. "In making studies of the birds, I went to the Museum of the Royal College of Surgeons to take measurements of the bones, their proportionate length, &c. When I had obtained what information I needed, I came away, and crossing Lincoln's Inn Fields, it struck me that the occupation in which I had been engaged would furnish a good subject for the picture." To paint this picture he asked for advice on obtaining a skeleton of the adjutant stork from Sir William Flower that could be kept at home so that he could study it at leisure. Flower suggested a taxidermy artist and skeleton preparer in Camden Town who supplied him with a suitable specimen. Marks ensured that he counted the vertebrae and measured them carefully to make sure it was accurate. The title was decided after much discussion with artists and scientists and he submitted it as his diploma picture for the Royal Academy of Arts. Abraham Dee Bartlett, superintendent at the London zoo, encouraged him to draw birds with accuracy rather than colour them with anthropomorphism. In later years he painted landscapes and seascapes based on studies in Southwold and Walberswick.

Paragraph 30: Folk/avant-garde guitarist John Fahey recorded several songs in the early 1960s that experimented with unusual recording techniques, including backward tapes, and novel instrumental accompaniment.  His nineteen-minute "The Great San Bernardino Birthday Party" "anticipated elements of psychedelia with its nervy improvisations and odd guitar tunings". Other songs from Fahey's The Great San Bernardino Birthday Party & Other Excursions (recorded between 1962 and 1966) also used "unsettling moods and dissonances" that took them beyond the typical folk fare. In 1967, he performed with the psychedelic/avant-garde/noise rock band Red Krayola (then Red Crayola) at the Berkeley Folk Festival which was recorded and later released as Live 1967.  Among other descriptions, their performance has been likened to early Velvet Underground bootlegs and "the very weirdest parts of late-'60s Pink Floyd pieces (like the shrieking guitar scrapes of 'Interstellar Overdrive')".