Paragraph 1: At a press conference on 28 June 2006 he confirmed that the club would be sold to Quinn's consortium for £10 million.  Murray received £5.7 million of the total, although he has stated that the extensive negotiations were in order to ensure the bid was in the interests of the club and not, as speculated by the press, for his own financial gain.  This assertion was supported by the relatively low price at which he allowed his controlling stake to be bought.  On 3 July 2006 the Drumaville Consortium bid was officially confirmed and the offer of £10 million accepted, with Quinn having the unusual dual role of club Chairman and Acting Manager.  Murray was appointed as the club's Life President by the new owners.

Paragraph 2: WOFL became one of the Fox Broadcasting Company's charter affiliates at the network's inception on October 9, 1986. However, it still essentially programmed itself as an independent in the network's first few years because, until April 1987, Fox carried only one program (The Late Show Starring Joan Rivers). The station was frequently ranked as one of the country's leading Fox affiliates during the network's early years, achieving a number one ranking on several occasions through the early 1990s. It was also the most profitable station in Meredith's station group, despite being its only UHF "independent" station at that time. As the 1990s progressed, WOFL offered fewer movies and older shows, and more talk, reality and court shows. As with most Fox stations, WOFL carried children's programming including those from the network's Fox Kids block. Despite having competing independents, WOFL was one of the last remaining Fox affiliates in a major market to retain broadcasting rights to most cartoons syndicated by Disney throughout the 1990s; while this left Orlando without an official Disney Afternoon lineup (due to Fox Kids competing for those same timeframes in most markets), the station still aired all of the lineup, though out of pattern in other timeslots.

Paragraph 3: As E. H. Gifford puts it, "The fact that Jeremiah had written one such letter to the captives seems to have suggested the idea of dignifying by his name another letter not written in reality till many ages after his death." Against the traditional view, most contemporary scholars agree that the author was not Jeremiah: one exception is the Roman Catholic commentator F. H. Reusch. The chief arguments put forward are literary quality, as well as the religious depth and sensitivity. J. T. Marshall adds that the use of "seven generations" (v. 3) rather than "seventy years" (Jer 29:10) for the duration of the exile "points away from Jeremiah towards one who deplored the long exile". The author may have been a Hellenistic Jew who lived in Alexandria, but it is difficult to say with certainty. The earliest manuscripts containing the Epistle of Jeremiah are all in Greek. The earliest Greek fragment (1st century BC) was discovered in Qumran. Gifford reports that in his time "the great majority of competent and impartial critics" considered Greek to be the original language.  As one of these critics O. F. Fritzsche put it, "If any one of the Apocryphal books was composed in Greek, this certainly was."  The strongest dissenter from this majority view was C. J. Ball, who marshalled the most compelling argument for a Hebrew original. However, Yale Semitic scholar C. C. Torrey was not persuaded: "If the examination by a scholar of Ball's thoroughness and wide learning can produce nothing better than this, it can be said with little hesitation that the language was probably not Hebrew."  Torrey's own conclusion was that the work was originally composed in Aramaic.  In recent years the tide of opinion has shifted and now the consensus is that the "letter" was originally composed in Hebrew (or Aramaic).

Paragraph 4: Inspector Hart is ordered to stop a maniac on a road. After battling a high-tech, heavily armed truck, Hart discovers a monster, not a man, behind the wheel. His cargo is an unknown substance. Hart asks Christy and Sophia to find out its nature, and they report that the substance (probably a drug) leads to mafia and sorcerer Kim Long (in other translation – Kim Ron). Hart goes to China in search of him, and after breaking through mafia and monsters, he defeats Kim in battle. Christy determines that his clothes had soil particles from city of Ricardo (probably fictitious) in Central America. The information received leads Hart to a secret research base in the jungle, where he fights a certain flying cyborg. Defeating him, Hart recognizes his former friend, Captain Reese, whom he believed to be dead. He repents that he was once considered a war hero, because "there are no heroes in war." He tries to tell that a man with the face of Hart himself is behind the vice project, but at that moment he receives a bullet from an unknown sniper, but manages to say that Chris was kidnapped. The hero pursues the mercenaries on a train, fights the cyborgs in sewers and at the power plant, and finally Sofia says that Chris needs to be looked for in the biolaboratory. There he witnesses experiments on humans and animals and fights with a certain slimy mutant, but after defeating it, he realizes this is Chris, she confesses her love to him and dies in his arms, having managed to report that B.E.D.A. Corporation is behind everything (in Russian "beda" means "trouble", "doom"). Hart also sees his own clones in the flasks. To avenge his girlfriend, Hart breaks through an ambush on the road and enters the corporate headquarters, where director is waiting for him behind the security lines, and he looks like an aged Hart. He explains that he considers all of humanity to be pigs, and himself to be the one who can give them everything they deserve, the hero is a clone of the villain, and the corporation should be controlled by a dynasty of such clones, replacing each other. Hart refuses the offer to take over the board. A fight ensues between them, and Hart defeats the director of the corporation, first as a human, then as a monster. Dying, he says that fate cannot be avoided. Hart leaves, but another clone comes to life in the flask.

Paragraph 5: Minaya was subject to intense scrutiny and criticism from many in Major League Baseball and by the New York City media for his handling of the firing of Willie Randolph as the Mets manager. Many members of the media and fans criticized the timing of the decision, a day into a west coast road trip, and some referred to the late night episode as the Mets' "Midnight Massacre." He fired Randolph in Randolph's hotel room in California after Randolph finished managing the first game of the Mets series with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, a game which they won, 9-6. Minaya also fired pitching coach Rick Peterson and first base coach Tom Nieto. Randolph was removed from his position with no media present and the decision came to light through a press release from Minaya at 3:12am EST (12:12am PDT); as such, many of the Mets team members were unaware that this had transpired and, upon being informed (not by Mets management, but by various team reporters and commentators) expressed shock and disbelief. Randolph's job was in question for the two to three weeks prior to the decision being made, and the uncertainty of Randolph's job had been more at the forefront of the questions surrounding the team than the actual baseball they had been playing.  Jerry Manuel, Randolph's bench coach, was appointed the interim manager of the Mets. Coaches Ken Oberkfell (new first base coach), Dan Warthen (new pitching coach), and Luis Aguayo (new third base coach) also joined the team after this decision (Sandy Alomar Sr. became Manuel's bench coach). During his 5pm EST press conference from California, Minaya confirmed that Manuel would remain as the Mets manager during the remainder of the 2008 season. On October 3, 2008, it was reported that Manuel had agreed to a two-year deal to remain Mets manager, with a club option for a third year.

Paragraph 6: At the 1996 Victorian election, a Liberal Party government led by Jeff Kennett was re-elected on a platform of continued rationalisation of the state's public services. This program of service reduction and privatisation, later described as one of the Kennett government's most significant legacies, included breaking up the Public Transport Corporation and selling or franchising nearly all of its assets and operations, as well as cancelling or reducing train services to regional areas. During 1999, the state's V/Line rail freight operations were sold outright to Freight Victoria, a consortium led by American company RailAmerica. At the company's insistence, the government also decided to lease the majority of the intrastate network itself to the winning bidder, on the basis that the control of both track and trains would enable Freight Victoria to implement greater efficiencies. However,  open access was mandated for the network under Freight Victoria's control, for other freight operators and passenger services. Later in the year, country passenger train operations under the V/Line brand were franchised to National Express, a British transport multinational, under a 15-year contract which included a commitment by the company to invest in infrastructure upgrades as well as 58 "high speed trains".

Paragraph 7: Later, in a storyline in Outsiders (vol. 3) #12–15 (July–October 2004), frequent Captain Marvel archenemy Dr. Sivana freed Jinx, Mammoth and Gizmo from Alcatraz. Having summoned teammate Psimon and having brought her teammate Shimmer back to life after she had been turned into glass and shattered, Sivana put the team to work for him in a scheme to short sell Lexcorp stock by having them steal its accounts from its corporate building in Metropolis, and then driving down the stock by killing all the people in the building. Sivana also had them destroy two other Lexcorp properties. At the latter of the two, a microchip processor factory of Lexcorp's subsidiary, Kellacor, the Five were confronted by the Outsiders. After escaping, the criminally unsophisticated Five urged Sivana to take Lexcorp's nuclear missile facility near Joshua Tree, California. When Sivana refused, Psimon asserted that they would take it anyway, and in response, Sivana killed Gizmo with a laser blast to the head, and severed relations with the remaining four, warning them that he would kill them if they ever crossed his path again. The Five decided to enact their plan to take the facility and fire a nuclear missile at Canada, but were defeated by the Outsiders. Mammoth was returned to Alcatraz Island, but Jinx and the other members of the Five remain at large.

Paragraph 8: Castro made his first court appearance on 21 September 1953 in Santiago, as one of around 100 defendants arrested after the Moncada attack. 65 of these had in fact not taken part in the operation and included leading politicians, among them the nation′s last democratically elected president, Carlos Prío. Castro, a qualified lawyer, took on his own defense, as did two other defendants. All others were defended by a total of 24 attorneys. Castro based his case on the illegality of the Batista regime and the inherent right of the citizen to rebel against what he perceived to be an illegal government. When asked who was responsible for the attack, Castro replied that "the intellectual author of this revolution is José Martí, the apostle of our independence". Castro also took part in the court′s second hearing on 22 September, but missed day three (25 September) because the regimental chief had wrongly claimed him to be sick, in an effort to dislodge his defence. Castro managed to have a handwritten note handed to the judge in court asking for special safeguards for his life that he said was under threat in America. The court then decided to proceed with the main trial, instructed for the demands in Castro′s letter to be fulfilled and to grant his separate case a new trial at a later date.

Paragraph 9: Rabbi Levi taught that God gave the section of the Torah dealing with the drinking of wine by priests, in  on the day that the Israelites set up the Tabernacle. Rabbi Rabbi Johanan said in the name of Rabbi Bana'ah that the Torah was transmitted in separate scrolls, as  says, "Then said I, 'Lo I am come, in the roll of the book it is written of me.'" Rabbi Simeon ben Lakish (Resh Lakish), however, said that the Torah was transmitted in its entirety, as  "Take this book of the law." The Gemara reported that Rabbi Johanan interpreted  "Take this book of the law," to refer to the time after the Torah had been joined together from its several parts. And the Gemara suggested that Resh Lakish interpreted  "in a roll of the book written of me," to indicate that the whole Torah is called a "roll," as  says, "And he said to me, 'What do you see?' And I answered, 'I see a flying roll.'" Or perhaps, the Gemara suggested, it is called "roll" for the reason given by Rabbi Levi, who said that God gave eight sections of the Torah, which Moses then wrote on separate rolls, on the day on which the Tabernacle was set up. They were: the section of the priests in  the section of the Levites in  (as the Levites were required for the service of song on that day), the section of the unclean (who would be required to keep the Passover in the second month) in  the section of the sending of the unclean out of the camp (which also had to take place before the Tabernacle was set up) in  the section of  (dealing with Yom Kippur, which  states was transmitted immediately after the death of Aaron's two sons), the section dealing with the drinking of wine by priests in  the section of the lights of the menorah in , and the section of the red heifer in  (which came into force as soon as the Tabernacle was set up).

Paragraph 10: The surveyor of these works was John Rogers who had been a master mason. The military engineer Richard Lee and Thomas Palmer, treasurer of Guînes, brought additional instructions directly from Henry VIII.  Another outlying fort was built on a hill to east from May 1546. Now called Mont Lambert, it was then called Boulemberg. However, Nicolas Arnold, the captain of Boulogne complained of its shortcomings; it held no well, or room for storage. It was abandoned in 1549 on the approach of a French army. The French fortified south of the Liane, building the Fort de Châtillon and Fort d'Outreau. The building of any new fortifications was supposed to have ceased under the Treaty of Camp (or Treaty of Ardres) made in June 1546. The treaty provided that the English would evacuate Boulogne in 1554 in return for 2,000,000 crowns. The English possession of Boulogne was eventually compromised by the French construction of a fort at Marquise, north of the town, which could blockade supplies. Although records are incomplete, it is clear that large numbers of English labourers died or became sick during the works. Of 1,200 men sent in January 1545, only 300 were still working in June.

Paragraph 11:  The Angry Scientist (voiced by Mo Willems) often gets his hump busted for being an Angry Scientist rather than Mad, but he is the brains behind the organization, despite his extremely limited grasp of the English language (referring to it with the phrase "Why are you not my Englishness be understanding? All the timing with that"). His inventions include the Sheep-Powered Ray Gun, the Clome, and a Time-Travel Bicycle (although Private Public flatly points out that if he can invent a time machine why cannot he invent a ray gun that works without a sheep). He often goes into fits of rage at General Specific when he calls him a 'Mad Scientist' ("ANGURY!! I am an ANGURY Scientist!!"), and on one occasion, he is called the 'Angry Chemist'. At the end of Season 1, he considers calling himself "The Scientist with Some Issues", now getting angry whenever he gets referred as "The Angry Scientist". He's mistakenly called 'Mad Scientist' so often that, in one occasion, he complained about it out of habit when he was called 'Angry Scientist'. He once opened an anger management center where he taught people to become angrier. General Specific used to be one of his clients until he said the center made him madder, making the Angry Scientist expel him, claiming it was an 'Anger Management Center' and not a 'Madness Management Center'. General Specific was so angry for being expelled The Angry Scientist considered him another satisfied customer.

Paragraph 12: Bhaskar is now apprehended by William after being caught in the act. Vidya who is being questioned, learns about William’s affair with Madhav’s wife and threatens William of legally assisting Madhav in pressing adultery and harassment charges if Bhaskar isn’t set free. William reluctantly agrees to release Bhaskar warning him to stop his theft. Vidya is disgusted by Bhaskar’s act of stealing later she believes that he became thief for them grows affection Raju and asks to leave the thief life, after this events Bhaskar grows fond of Vidya and ignores Sanjana. William has a new plan for Bhaskar, he forces Bhaskar to commit more robberies using the Raja costume and give him a cut in exchange for the non-involvement of police. Bhaskar complies so that he can buy a small house and move in with his wife and kid. Things take a turn when Bhaskar realises that William is planning to sensationalize the camera footages of an unknown thief in Raja () costume, and later catching Bhaskar as the Raja-thief, thereby getting promoted. Knowing this, Bhaskar tells William that he wears the Raja costume for each heist because it gives him immense confidence, and advises him to use it when he requires a confidence boost for anything. William later learns about Bhaskar's affair with Sanjana, and tries to reveal to Sanjana about Bhaskar’s crimes and his marriage, but Sanjana is undeterred believing William is lying in order to get her to marry him. Angered, William approaches Vidya and claims that Bhaskar has continued his robberies despite their earlier agreement and is planning to run away with Sanjana. Later William informs Sanjana's mother about her sales girl job who she was believing her daughter working in a corporate job. Later Bhaskar is conned as he loses the entire family savings who wants to give a surprise by buying a new house for Vidya. Believing that Bhaskar is staging it, Vidya leaves him along with their kid. Sanjana also learns that Bhaskar's wife is alive much to her shock and ends their relation. Later Sanjana's  mother questions her acts and takes her to their home town. Meanwhile Bhaskar approaches Madhav in a desperate attempt to save himself from William. Madhav and the police catch William having an affair with Madhav's wife donning the King's costume. The police and media are convinced that William is the sought after thief in Raja’s costume.

Paragraph 13: He made his first appearance of the 1991–92 campaign in Chelsea's first away game, a disappointing 3–0 defeat to Oldham Athletic at Boundary Park. After this performance he was dropped from the side and failed to make a matchday squad under manager Ian Porterfield. In December 1991 he was sent on a short loan spell at Third Division side West Bromwich Albion to gain some more experience. He impressed on his Albion debut, which came in a 1–1 draw away at Bradford City on 14 December. In only his second appearance for the club, he was sent off for violent conduct in the draw with Exeter City when he was involved in a clash of heads with referee Paul Alcock. Despite video evidence showing that the "butting" was accidental he was still found guilty by The Football Association and received a nine match ban and a £600 fine. He remained at The Hawthorns and went on to make a total of six appearances for the "Baggies", scoring once before returning to Chelsea in March 1992. He made his comeback for Chelsea in a 1–0 victory over Norwich City in March and made a further six appearances that season, scoring his first Chelsea goal with a header in the 3–1 defeat to Aston Villa in April.

Paragraph 14: Monardes’ first four publications were written between 1536 and 1545. His first published work, a treatise on pharmacodilosis, was written in 1536. This publication’s focal point was on defending the classical medical tradition against the Arab medical tradition. His second publication was written in 1539 in regards to the relationship between blood-letting and cases of pleuritis. A third publication on the medical application of roses and an edition of a medical treatise written by Juan de Aviñón in the fourteenth century, were both written in 1545. After these four, Monardes did not publish another work for twenty years. This twenty-year period was when Monardes’ focus shifted to the medicinal products of the Americas. It was this shift that led to his most important work; the Historia medicinal de las cosas que se traen de nuestras Indias Occidentales que sirven al uso de la medicina, which was published in Seville in three parts. Part I, published in 1565 and dedicated to the Archbishop of Seville, was divided into four main sections: resins, purgatives, remedies for morbus gallicus (syphilis), and Peruvian balsam and elaborates on the medical uses of these products. The success of the first publication in Historia medicinal resulted in many informants who brought Monardes different plants that had the ability to cure a local illness. These informants and their testimonies served as the basis for Part II. Published in 1571 and dedicated to Philip II, Part II included the addition of nearly another dozen medicinal products including those that could be extracted from animals such as armadillos, sharks, caymans, as well as many others. Part II also includes an extensive study on tobacco and three chapters elaborating on the uses of sassafras, carlo santo, and cebadilla. Other chapters were devoted to other less significant products and testimonies of informants. Part III of Historia medicinal, published in 1574 along with parts I and II and dedicated to Pope Gregory XIII, elaborated more deeply on the usefulness of the products discussed in the first two parts as well as adding a few new ones, most notably the bezoar stones. The complete work was re-issued in 1580 in Seville and was the final edition during Monardes’ life. The success of the Historia medicinal is attributed to its timeliness, credibility, the experience of Monardes, and its coherence and skill of exposition.

Paragraph 15: With the start of the Russian Revolution, the Jews of Justingrad organized a self-defense unit which patrolled the town and occasionally stopped bandits in the night. Christians from nearby villages came to seize arms from the Jews, and when they refused a number of them were thrown into the Ros River, though many were saved by residents of Sokolivka who then assisted them in chasing off the bandits. On another occasion a group of 150 bandits held the shtetl hostage and demanded 500,000 rubles and all of the Jews clothing. Sokolivka's residents again came to the rescue, alerting a troop of Bolsheviks nearby who routed out the bandits under its Jewish commander. However, such luck would not last. In the night the bandits returned and began looting the town. At daylight, the bandits seized all the town's young men, dragging them into a synagogue and imprisoning them there. They then demanded a "war tax" of no less than a million rubles to be delivered in a matter of two hours. As the money could not be procured, every two hours Jews were taken from the synagogue and murdered in groups of 10. The Jews amassed all they could and delivered a little more than half of the bandits' demanded amount, in response the bandits took the money but refused to release their hostages. They began looting stores, shooting men, raping women, whipping Jewish children. At sunset they began to leave Justingrad, taking those who remained in the synagogue as captives. At the town's edge, the bandits were confronted by the Green armies, but instead of rescuing the civilians they merely warned the bandits not to aid the Bolsheviks across the river. Instead the Jews were murdered and thrown into the river, some parents ran to the bridge connecting Justingrad and Sokolivka and begged for their children's release, they too were killed. When the captives begged the Green armies to aid them, even offering themselves as soldiers, they ordered the bandits to kill them quicker. More than 150 people were killed. 

Paragraph 16: The earliest sauropterygians appeared about 247 million years ago (Ma), at the start of the Middle Triassic: the first definite sauropterygian with exact stratigraphic datum lies within the Spathian division of the Olenekian era in South China. Early examples were small (around 60 cm), semi-aquatic lizard-like animals with long limbs (pachypleurosaurs), but they quickly grew to be several metres long and spread into shallow waters (nothosaurs). The Triassic-Jurassic extinction event wiped them all out except for the plesiosaurs. During the Early Jurassic, these diversified quickly into both long-necked small-headed plesiosaurs proper, and short-necked large-headed pliosaurs. Originally, it was thought that plesiosaurs and pliosaurs were two distinct superfamilies that followed separate evolutionary paths. It now seems that these were simply morphotypes in that both types evolved a number of times, with some pliosaurs evolving from plesiosaur ancestors, and vice versa.

Paragraph 17: The GOG was founded in 1970 by a group of gynecologic surgeons from 11 institutions.  The formation of the GOG was the result of the recognition of the need for collaborative research in the gynecologic malignancies.  Before the GOG was founded, most clinical trials were small studies from single institutions or case reports and lacked the statistical power to convince physicians around the world to adopt innovative treatment strategies.  The GOG has now grown to include over 50 research centers and has over 160 affiliated institutions.  Its members make up a multi-disciplinary group, consisting of gynecologic oncologists, medical oncologists, pathologists, radiation oncologists, nurses, statisticians, and basic scientists.

Paragraph 18: We believe in one God the Father Almighty, of whom are all things. And in the only-begotten Son of God, begotten of God before all ages, and before every beginning; through whom all things visible and invisible were made: who is the only-begotten born of the Father, the only of the only, God of God, similar to the Father who begat him, according to the Scriptures, and whose generation no one knows but the Father only that begat him. We know that this only-begotten Son of God, as sent of the Father, came down from the heavens, as it is written, for the destruction of sin and death: and that he was born of the Holy Spirit, and of the Virgin Mary according to the flesh, as it is written, and conversed with his disciples; and that after every dispensation had been fulfilled according to his Father's will, he was crucified and died, and was buried and descended into the lower parts of the earth, at whose presence hades itself trembled: who also arose from the dead on the third day, again conversed with his disciples, and after the completion of forty days was taken up into the heavens, and sits at the right hand of the Father, whence he will come in the last day, the day of the resurrection, in his Father's glory, to requite every one according to his works. [We believe] also in the Holy Spirit, whom he himself the only-begotten of God, Christ our Lord and God, promised to send to mankind as the Comforter, according as it is written, "the Spirit of truth;" whom he sent to them after he was received into the heavens.But since the term ousia [substance or essence], which was used by the fathers in a very simple and intelligible sense, but not being understood by the people, has been a cause of offense, we have thought proper to reject it, as it is not contained even in the sacred writings; and that no mention of it should be made in future, inasmuch as the holy Scriptures have nowhere mentioned the substance of the Father and of the Son. Nor ought the "subsistence" of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit to be even named. But we affirm that the Son is similar to the Father, in such a manner as the sacred Scriptures declare and teach. Let therefore all heresies which have been already condemned, or may have arisen of late, which are opposed to this exploitation of the faith, be anathema.

Paragraph 19: On January 29, 2011, PWG held another show during the WrestleReunion 5 weekend, which included a special "Legends battle royal" and Jake Roberts facing Sinn Bodhi in what was billed as Roberts' retirement match. On July 23, PWG held their eighth anniversary show, during which Kevin Steen defeated Claudio Castagnoli in an impromptu match to win the PWG World Championship for the second time. On October 22, 2011, one of PWG's founders, Super Dragon, made his first appearance since May 2008, saving Kevin Steen from The Young Bucks, who had just cost him the PWG World Championship in a ladder match with El Generico. On December 10, Steen and Dragon, wrestling his return match, defeated The Young Bucks for the PWG World Tag Team Championship, starting Dragon's record-breaking sixth reign with the title. Also at the event, Japanese veteran Dick Togo wrestled his final match in the United States, losing to El Generico. On December 1, 2012, Joey Ryan, having recently signed a contract with TNA, wrestled his PWG farewell match, where he was defeated by Scorpio Sky. Ryan, however, remained a part owner of PWG and eventually returned to the promotion in August 2013, following his release from TNA.

Paragraph 20: Mitchell had not kept a catalogue of his collection, and as a result, cataloguing was an early priority for librarians in the Mitchell Library. A research department was established as part of the public library in the 1920s under the direction of Nita Kibble, while Ida Leeson as Head of Acquisitions researched gaps in the library's collections. Kibble's research department was later used as a model by other State Libraries when establishing similar services. Mitchell's bequest also included funding for collection acquisition; expanding the library's collection (particularly in the area of Australiana and Pacific material) was a priority for both Wright and William Ifould, who was appointed Principal Librarian in 1912. Ifould envisioned the library as a repository of material relating to the history of Australia, not just New South Wales, and led efforts to collect material. The library acquired the papers of Lachlan Macquarie and his family in 1914, Matthew Flinders in 1922, and Abel Tasman's journal in 1926, and after World War I collected journals of soldiers from that conflict. The Commonwealth Parliamentary Library (now the National Library of Australia), established in 1901, was also collecting Australiana material. This led to conflict over the acquisition of the papers of James Cook, which were offered at auction in London in 1923. The Trustees chose not to bid for the papers as doing so would have limited the library's Australiana acquisitions budget for several years and Ifould, already in London with hopes of purchasing the papers for the Mitchell Library, was directed instead to purchase them on behalf of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Library and the Public Library of New South Wales using funds provided by the Federal Government.

Paragraph 21: Haze began wrestling for the Philadelphia–based Chikara in 2005. In November 2009 she was placed in her first major storyline in the company, when she aligned herself with Claudio Castagnoli, Ares, Pinkie Sanchez, Sara Del Rey, Tim Donst and Tursas to form the heel stable Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK). The stable has since been joined by Lince Dorado and Delirious. While in BDK Haze began regularly teaming with Del Rey and together the two of them picked up victories over tag teams such as The Osirian Portal (Amasis and Ophidian), Los Ice Creams (El Hijo del Ice Cream and Ice Cream, Jr.), The Throwbacks (Dasher Hatfield and Sugar Dunkerton), Amazing Kong and Raisha Saeed, and Mike Quackenbush and Jigsaw. On September 18, 2010, Haze wrestled Japanese joshi legend Manami Toyota in her first match on American soil, in a losing effort. On October 23 Haze represented BDK in the torneo cibernetico match, where they faced a team composed of Chikara originals. She was eliminated from the match by Eddie Kingston. The following day Haze and Del Rey defeated the Super Smash Bros. (Player Uno and Player Dos) in a tag team match to pick up their third straight victory and, as the first all–female tag team, earn the right to challenge for the Chikara Campeonatos de Parejas (tag team championship), at the time held by their stablemates Ares and Claudio Castagnoli. However, Haze and Del Rey never got to cash in their points as Ares and Castagnoli ordered them to defend them in a four–way elimination match on November 21, where they ended up being eliminated by Mike Quackenbush and Jigsaw and losing all of their points. On July 31, 2011, Castagnoli turned first on Del Rey, after losing to her in a singles match, and then Haze, as she was standing up for her regular tag team partner. The following week, Del Rey quit BDK, while Chikara announced that Haze would be taking a leave of absence from the promotion after suffering a storyline injury at the hands of Castagnoli.

Paragraph 22: When Alfie Moon (Shane Richie), landlord of The Queen Victoria pub, decides to start a pub football team, he struggles to get people to sign up. His wife Kat Moon (Jessie Wallace) takes over as manager and flirts to get people to sign up. After the first match, they host a party and Kat flirts with her chef Ray Dixon (Chucky Venn), former lover Michael Moon (Steve John Shepherd) and brothers Max (Jake Wood), Jack (Scott Maslen) and Derek Branning (Jamie Foreman), sharing a close moment with each of them. While in the kitchen alone, an unseen person enters and he and Kat have sex. She feels guilty the next day and tries to ignore his calls and text messages. She finally responds to a phone call and meets him to ask him to leave her alone. However, as he walks away she changes her mind and they continue the affair. She then fears Alfie will find out so tries to end the affair again. Her lover sends her a mobile phone to contact him on, but she bins it. However, when a romantic evening with Alfie goes wrong, she retrieves the phone and contacts her lover. She later receives a key to a nearby flat, and when Alfie pays more attention to the organisation of the football team, Kat heads to the flat to meet her lover, who is waiting. The affair continues with Alfie clueless. Kat hears that a fight has broken out between members of the football team, and fears that the truth has come out. However, it has not. The fight spills over into The Queen Victoria, and later, Kat tends to her lover's wounds. Alfie catches them but is none the wiser. The mystery man later leaves Kat a bandage with "I love you" written on in lipstick. Kat hides it in with some laundry. Alfie then asks Kat to move out following an outbreak of bed bugs in the pub. She does not want to go as she does not want to continue her affair, but she cannot resist. Alfie later finds the bandage, but assumes it is from Kat and sends her a message in the pub's window saying "I love you 2". Kat later ignores her lover's messages, and he tells her that he has got the message—that she is no longer interested. She throws away the key, but it is found by Jean Slater (Gillian Wright), who leaves it on the bar, thinking it belongs to a punter. Kat then takes it and later meets her lover at the flat. Kat ends up staying the night and gets her friend Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) to cover for her the next day. Kat receives flowers from her lover, and tells Alfie they are from her father, Charlie Slater (Derek Martin). Kat angrily telephones her lover, telling him she will always contact him. Alfie then grows suspicious, as Charlie would not send roses to Kat, and asks her to be honest with him. Kat then admits to having an affair. Alfie demands to know the details but Kat refuses to tell him who her lover is. Alfie ejects Kat from their home, where she meets Michael, to whom she discloses the affair. He urges Kat to fix her relationship, so she goes back to Alfie and says she will do anything to make it right. He gets her to phone her lover and tell him that the affair is over for good. After this, she smashes her phone and the couple go away on a "make or break" holiday.

Paragraph 23: Conventional cell culture technology is unable to efficiently allow combinatorial testing of drug candidates, growth factors, neuropeptides, genes, and retroviruses in cell culture medium. Due to the need for cells to be fed periodically with fresh medium and passaged, even testing a few conditions requires a large number of cells and supplies, expensive and bulky incubators, large fluid volumes (~0.1 – 2 mL per sample), and tedious human labour. The requirement of human labour also limits the number and length between time points for experiments. Microfluidic cell cultures are potentially a vast improvement because they can be automated, as well as yield lower overall cost, higher throughput, and more quantitative descriptions of single-cell behaviour variability. By including gas exchange and temperature control systems on chip, microfluidic cell culturing can eliminate the need for incubators and tissue culture hoods. However, this type of continuous microfluidic cell culture operation presents its own unique challenges as well. Flow control is important when seeding cells into microchannels because flow needs to be stopped after the initial injection of cell suspension for cells to attach or become trapped in microwells, dielectrophoretic traps, micromagnetic traps, or hydrodynamic traps. Subsequently, flow needs to be resumed in a way that does not produce large forces that shear the cells off the substrate. Dispensing fluids by manual or robotic pipetting can be replaced with micropumps and microvalves, where fluid metering is straightforward to determine as opposed to continuous flow systems by micromixers. A fully automated microfluidic cell culture system has been developed to study osteogenic differentiation of human embryonic stem cells. A handheld microfluidic cell culture incubator capable of heating and pumping cell culture solutions has also been developed. Due to the volume reduction in microfluidic cultures, the collected concentrations are higher for better signal-to-noise ratio measurements, but collection and detection is correspondingly more difficult. ’’In situ’’ microscopy assays with microfluidic cell cultures may help in this regard, but have inherently lower throughput due to the microscope probe having only a small field of view. The Berkeley Lights Beacon platform has resolved the issue of collection and detection by performing microfluidic culture on an array of photoconductors which can be optoelectrically activated to manipulate cells across the chip. This platform has been adopted by Amgen and Novartis for cell line development in the biopharmaceutical industry. Micropatterned co-cultures have also contributed to bio-MEMS for tissue engineering to recapitulate in vivo conditions and 3D natural structure. Specifically, hepatocytes have been patterned to co-culture at specific cell densities with fibroblasts to maintain liver-specific functions such as albumin secretion, urea synthesis, and p450 detoxification. Similarly, integrating microfluidics with micropatterned co-cultures has enabled modelling of organs where multiple vascularized tissues interface, such as the blood–brain barrier and the lungs. Organ-level lung functions have been reconstituted on lung-on-a-chip devices where a porous membrane and the seeded epithelial cell layer are cyclically stretched by applied vacuum on adjacent microchannels to mimic inhalation.

Paragraph 24: In this meantyme, William Macky, with the Strathnaver men, joyned with the Clangun, (whom they met in the hilles by chance); they promised to die and live together, and to participat of eithers fortunes, good or bad. Heirvpon, they perceave the Earle of Catteynes his host in sight of them, which wes conducted by Henrie Sinclair, the Laird of Dun his brother. Then they goe to consultation among themselves whether they suld feight against the Catteynes men, fresh and in breath, attending them, or turn aganest the Southerland men, who were wearied with ther labor the day preceiding. William Macky his opinion wes to invade the Southerland men, alreadie tyred with feighting. Bot the Clangun did choyse rather to hazard against the Catteynes men, which they did, without fear or delay, being far inferior in number. Yit they had in mynd, that nothing wes befor them bot enemies, the deip and bottomles ocean behind them; no place of retrait; no suretie bot valor and victory; so haveing the advantage of the hill, the set upon the enemy with a resolute courage. The Catteynes men came short with ther first flight of arrowes; by the contrarie, the Clangun spared ther shot until they came hard to the enemy, which then they bestowed among them with great advantage. In end, by the speciall help and assistance of the Almightie God, (in whose hands are the hearts of men, and the events of things) the Clangun overthrew the Catteynes men at Aldgown, upon the borders of Catteynes, the yeir of God 1586, and killed seaven score of ther most resolute men, with ther captane, Henrie Sincler, cousin to the Earle of Catteynes, and uncle to Houcheon and William Mckay. The Catteynes host had been all destroyed, had not the darknes of the night favored their flight, withholding the victors from the following chase. William Macky wes sore for the slaughter of his uncle Henry Sinclair, whom he knew not to be their till he was slain; bot afterward in the chase William Macky spared no man. The Southerland men knowing nothing of Clangun, had lost the sight of the Strathnaver men whilst they had them in chase amongst those hills, immediatlie befor this skirmish at Ald-gowne, and so had retired into ther owne countrey to repose themselves with the booty they had recovered; wherby they understood nothing of this skirmish until it wes finished.

Paragraph 25: Stephen Erlewine of AllMusic stated "The success of his song for Enchanted painted Jon McLaughlin as a Midwestern James Blunt, a simpering soul who wants nothing more than to bare his soul. To be sure, McLaughlin does a lot of that on his second album — and first since Enchanted — OK Now (it almost seems as if he forgot the 'What' in the title), often scrubbing those tunes so they can slip undetected into anonymous AAA airwaves. Where McLaughlin has strength is when he loosens up and gets into big, bright pop, the kind that ruled the airwaves in the mid-'80s, after new wave synthesized productions and before adult contemporary flattened them. This is certainly due in part to the presence of John Fields, the same producer who's given the Jonas Brothers a lively sheen not too dissimilar to what's heard on OK Now. OK Now is unapologetic mainstream pop that's not heard too much at the tail-end of the 2000s: hooky, oversized colorful tunes that drill into the subconscious almost immediately. All this makes McLaughlin's taste for the mawkish — which surfaces not just on those ballads, but on his plea to featherweight freshmen to just hold on through the 'Four Years' of high school — a bit of a buzzkill, bringing the album down to earth when it should soar. Of course, this is often a problem with mainstream pop albums, but at least the rest of OK Now illustrates that Jon McLaughlin has a greater gift for a big, bright hook than most of his pop singer/songwriter peers." JesusFreakHideout's Logan Leasure claimed "Around the time of his first full-length studio album release last year, no one really knew who Jon McLaughlin was. The winds of change blew quickly though. After a phenomenal and highly acclaimed performance of the song 'So Close' at the 80th Academy Awards, word spread like wildfire and led to the rapid release of his second album OK Now, and if anything's for sure, it's hot like wildfire too. There is one minor negative program note to mention, however. A track that was originally on the album, 'Smack Into You', was unfortunately cut and given to R&B artist Beyoncé, who later retitled it to "Smash Into You" and featured it on her album I Am Sasha Fierce. A low tempo ballad, the song literally defines Jon's entire musical substance and his record label would be smart to release it at some point, as there is no doubt it would be a fan favorite. Taking a risk doesn't always work out. OK Now is an exception to that. The new combination of Jon McLaughlin's original folk/piano rock sound with a new more pop spin heard here comes off as a clear winner and will unquestionably captivate fans until the next time around."

Paragraph 26: In 1974, Davis was awarded the Academy of Country Music's Entertainer of the Year award. He had other successes including the songs "Stop and Smell the Roses" (a number one Adult Contemporary success in 1974) (pop no. 9), "One Hell of a Woman" (pop no. 11), "Rock 'N' Roll (I Gave You the Best Years of My Life)" (pop no. 15), and "Burnin' Thing" (pop no. 53). At the end of the 1970s, he moved to Casablanca Records, which was best known at the time for its successes with disco star Donna Summer and rock'n'roll band Kiss. His first success for the company in 1980 was the novelty song "It's Hard to Be Humble", a light-hearted look at how popularity and good looks could go to one's head. The song became his first Country music top 10 and a rare top 30 hit in the UK. (It was translated into Dutch as "Het is moeilijk bescheiden te blijven" and became a hit for the Dutch singer Peter Blanker in 1981). Later that year, he had another top 10 song with "Let's Keep It That Way". In November, "Rock 'N' Roll (I Gave You the Best Years of My Life)" was played by KHJ in Los Angeles as its last song before it switched from Top 40 to Country music. He achieved success with other songs like "Texas in My Rear View Mirror" and "Hooked on Music", which became his biggest Country music success in 1981 going to number 2. In 1985, he recorded his last top 10 country music success with the song "I Never Made Love (Till I Made Love With You)".

Paragraph 27: Upon its initial release, Performance received mixed reviews. Roger Greenspun of The New York Times wrote that it 'is not a very good movie', but the personalities of Jagger and Fox were enough to make it 'the kind of all-round fun that in the movies is often tried but rarely so well achieved'. Variety panned the film for 'needless, boring sadism', a 'dull' script, and 'flat' performances. Charles Champlin of the Los Angeles Times called it a 'pretentious and repellent little film' that 'cannot rise above the world it pretends to examine'. Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film two-and-a-half stars out of four, writing that the first 40 minutes 'crackle with excitement', but then 'the pace slows down considerably, the nudity tires and the growing attraction of Fox for Jagger is unprepared for'. Gary Arnold of The Washington Post wrote that the film was suggestive of 'Mickey Spillane trying to write like Harold Pinter' and that filmmakers Cammell and Roeg had done a 'fundamentally rotten' job, regularly 'upstaging the action and the actors with tricky (and often unintelligible) sound recording and 'striking' composition. Oddly enough, they may have stumbled into a cult hit.' Richard Schickel of Life described the film as 'the most disgusting, the most completely worthless film I have seen since I began reviewing'. By way of contrast, Jan Dawson of The Monthly Film Bulletin called it 'the kind of brilliant, baffling film about which it would be marginally more easy to write a book than a review ... though visually dazzling, wittily and literately scripted, and brilliantly conceived, the film inevitably derives much of its strength from its performers, nearly all of whom achieve a near-symbiotic relationship with their roles'.

Paragraph 28: The majority of Makaa are subsistence farmers. Their settlements typically follow existing roads, making the typical village a linear string of houses facing the road and backed by forest. Fields are usually very small and planted in clearings cut out of the forest with axes and machetes and then burned. Major crops include manioc, plantains, and maize, with bananas, cocoyams, groundnuts, and various fruits raised in smaller quantities. Livestock are typically small animals that may be left to roam unattended, such as goats, sheep, pigs, and chickens. A smaller number of Maka have obtained financial success in the cocoa and coffee plantations of Cameroon's forest region.

Paragraph 29: Markovo played a key role in the establishment of the Soviet rule in Chukotka in the early 20th century. When Soviet attempts to gain a foothold in the region were foiled in Anadyr, the revolutionary activities centered on Markovo. Mikhail Mandrikov and August Berzin were the first Bolsheviks sent to Anadyr by the Kamchatka Revkom to set up an underground organization to undermine and eventually overthrow the resident White Army forces. These two, along with a small group of other Russian immigrants and a handful of Chuvans, established the First Revolutionary Committee of Chukotka. Their presence initially went undetected, although it did arise suspicion. However, just before they were about to be discovered by the resident White Army troops, they launched an attack against them on the night of December 16, 1916, with the intention to free the local indigenous people from their debts to the Russian incomers and to begin the dismantling of the capitalist infrastructure. Their attempt at seizing the property of the merchant class in Anadyr was successful, although they failed to capture the armory and the ammunition supplies. The merchants used this opportunity to reassert themselves, and by January 30, 1920, they surrounded the Revkom offices and attacked. One of the leaders, Vasily Titov, was killed and a number of others were wounded. Mikhail Mandrikov himself surrendered. Although the survivors were initially imprisoned, the merchants decided to eliminate them permanently. Under the pretense of transferring them to another site, they executed them out in the tundra. The merchants' and White Army's success had been aided by the fact that a number of the Revkom members had been out the town visiting Markovo. When these people returned, they were ambushed and all survivors eventually killed. The merchants set about to re-establish the status quo, all the while pretending to be socialists when inquiries came from the Kamchatka Revkom as to the whereabouts of their colleagues, going as far as to set up a fake Anadyr branch of the Russian Communist Party of Bolsheviks. This scheme, however, did not succeed, as the members of the first Revkom had already managed to establish branches in Markovo and Ust-Belaya, so the Kamchatka Revkom sent a party to investigate. A number of those involved in the overthrow of the First Revolutionary Committee either ceased their political activity in the hope of blending into the background or fled Chukotka for Alaska. Struggles continued for some time after this, and it took until early 1923 before all White Army forces in Chukotka had been eliminated.

Paragraph 30:  Episode 1 (summer 1842 – summer 1844) – Young Southerner Orry Main, the second born son of a wealthy South Carolina plantation owner, decides to go to West Point.  On his way to the train station, he rescues and falls in love with the beautiful French-Creole southern belle from New Orleans, Madeline Fabray. In New York City, Orry meets Northerner George Hazard, the second son of a wealthy Pennsylvania steel-factory owner, who is also on his way to West Point. They quickly become close friends. At the Academy, they meet classmates George Pickett, George McClellan, Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson and a senior student named Ulysses Grant. They also meet the amoral egomaniac Elkanah Bent, a fellow cadet from Georgia.   Bent is a handsome, smooth-talking man who hides his evil, twisted nature beneath his charm and good looks. He takes an instant dislike to Orry and George and uses his status as their drillmaster to constantly harass them. Orry constantly writes letters to Madeline, although it seems that she has not been responding to him.  After two years of training, the men return home for a summer leave. George's sister, Virgilia, is a passionate abolitionist and immediately takes a dislike to Orry when she finds out that his family keeps slaves. While at home, Orry is devastated to learn that Madeline is marrying his cruel neighbor, plantation owner Justin LaMotte. Orry has an argument with his father over the hiring of the brutal and sadistic Salem Jones as the plantation's overseer. Orry stops Jones from using a bullwhip to "punish" one of the slaves, sparking a tense relationship between the two. After Orry witnesses Madeline's marriage, they privately speak to each other afterwards and find out that Madeline's father has been hiding Orry's letters to ensure that she would marry Justin. That night, Justin hits and rapes Madeline, leaving her broken.