Paragraph 1: DCA Heroic Journey #1 (2016)Action Comics 356, 358–359, 361–364, 366–367, 370–374, 377–379, 398–400, 402, 404–405, 419, 466, 468, 473, 485 (1967–78)Action Comics, vol. 2, #49 (variant, 2016)Adventure Comics #365–369, 371–373, 375 (1968)All-Star Batman and Robin #8–9 (variant) (2008)All-Star Superman #1 (variant) (2006)Batman #200, 203, 210, 217–218, 220–227, 229–231, 235–236, 238–241 (1968–72), Annual #14 (1990)Batman, vol. 2, #49 (variant, 2016)Batman, vol. 3, #28 (variant, 2017)Batman/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles #1 (variant, 2016)Before Watchmen: Dr. Manhattan #3 (variant, 2012)Batman/Superman #29 (variant, 2016)Brave and the Bold #76 (1968)Challengers of the Unknown #67–68, 70, 72 (1969–70)Cyborg #8 (variant, 2016)The Dark Knight III: The Master Race #1 (2016)DC 100 Page Super Spectacular #6, 13DC Special #3–4, 6, 11 (1969–71), #29 (1977)DC Special Blue Ribbon Digest #16 (1981)DC Special Series #1 (1977)Deadman #1–7 (reprints of Strange Adventures #206–216) (1985)Deathstroke, vol. 2, #15 (variant, 2016)Detective Comics #372, 385, 389, 391–392, 394, 396, 398–399, 401, 403, 405–406, 409, 411–422, 439 (1968–74)Detective Comics, vol. 2, #49 (variant, 2016)First Wave (Doc Savage, The Spirit, Batman) #1 (variant, 2010)The Flash #194–195, 203–204, 206–208, 213, 215 (1970–72), #246 (1977)The Flash, vol. 4, #49 (variant, 2016)Forbidden Tales of Dark Mansion #9 (1973)From Beyond the Unknown #6 (1970)G.I. Combat #168, 201–202 (1974–77)Grayson #17 (variant, 2016)Green Arrow, vol. 5, #44, 49 (variant, 2015–16)Green Arrow, vol. 6, #1–17 (variant, 2016–17)Green Lantern #63 (1968)Green Lantern, vol. 5, #49 (variant, 2016)Green Lantern 80th. Anniversary 100-Page #1 (variant, 2020)Green Lantern/Green Arrow #1–7 (reprints of Green Lantern #76–89) (1983–84)Heart Throbs #120 (1969)Heroes against Hunger, one-shot (1986)Hot Wheels #2–3 (1970)House of Mystery #175–192, 197, 199 (1968–72); #251–254 (1977)House of Secrets #81–82, 84–88, 90–91 (1969–71)The Joker, vol. 2, #1–4, 6 (variants, 2021)Justice League of America #66–67, 70, 74, 79, 82, 86–89, 91, 92, 94–98 (1968–72); #138–139 (1977)Limited Collectors' Edition #C-25, C-51, C-52, C-59 (1974–78)Martian Manhunter #9 (variant, 2016)Mystery in Space, vol. 2, #1 (variant, 2006)Our Fighting Forces #147 (1974)Phantom Stranger, vol. 2, #3–19 (1969–72)Red Hood/Arsenal #9 (variant, 2016)Robin, Son of Batman #9 (variant, 2016)Saga of Ra's Al Ghul, reprint miniseries, #4 (1988)Salvation Run #7 (variant, 2008)Scooby Apocalypse #1 (variant, 2016)Secret Hearts #134 (1969)Showcase (Phantom Stranger) #80 (1969)Sinestro #20 (variant, 2016)Starfire #9 (variant, 2016)Superboy #143, 145–146, 148–153, 155, 157–161, 163–164, 166–168, 172–173, 175–176, 178 (1967–71)Superman #204–208, 210, 214–215, 231, 233–237, 240–243, 250–252, 263 (1968–73); #307–308, 317 (1977)Superman, vol. 3, #49 (variant, 2016)The Superman Family #183–185 (1977)Superman/Wonder Woman #26 (variant, 2016)Superman: Lois & Clark #5 (variant, 2016)Superman's Girl Friend, Lois Lane #79, 81–88, 90–91 (1967–69)Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen #109–112, 115, 118, 134–136, 147–148 (full art); #137–138, 141–142, 144 (inks over Jack Kirby pencils) (1968–72)Tales of the Unexpected (then changes title to Unexpected) #104, 110, 112–115, 118, 121, 124 (1967–71)Tales of the Unexpected, miniseries, #1 (variant) (2006)Teen Titans, vol. 5, #17 (variant, 2016)Telos #5 (variant, 2016)Titans Hunt #5 (variant, 2016)Tomahawk #116–119, 121, 123–130 (1968–70)We Are Robin #9 (variant, 2016)Wonder Woman, vol. 4, #49 (variant, 2016)Wonder Woman/Conan, miniseries, #5 (variant) (DC/Dark Horse, 2018)World's Finest Comics #174, 178–180, 183, 199–205, 208–211; #244–246, 258 (full art); #182, 185–186 (inks over Curt Swan pencils) (1968–79)

Paragraph 2: In the early 1970s, instructional recordings were among the first commercial products sold on cassette. There were 8 companies distributing materials on cassette with titles such as Managing and Selling Companies (12 cassettes, $300) and Executive Seminar in Sound on a series of 60-minute cassettes. In libraries, most books on cassette were still made for blind and disabled people, however some new companies saw the opportunity for making audiobooks for a wider audience, such as Voice Over Books which produced abridged best-sellers with professional actors. Early pioneers included Olympic gold medalist Duvall Hecht who in 1975 founded the California-based Books on Tape as a direct to consumer mail order rental service for unabridged audiobooks and expanded their services selling their products to libraries and audiobooks gaining popularity with commuters and travelers. In 1978, Henry Trentman, a traveling salesman who listened to sales tapes while driving long distances, had the idea to create quality unabridged recordings of classic literature read by professional actors. His company, the Maryland-based Recorded Books, followed the model of Books on Tape but with higher quality studio recordings and actors. Recorded Books and Chivers Audio Books were the first to develop integrated production teams and to work with professional actors.

Paragraph 3: William Fergusson son of James Fergusson of Lochmaben, Dumfriesshire, was born at Prestonpans, East Lothian on 20 March 1808, and was educated first at Lochmaben and afterwards at the high school and University of Edinburgh. At the age of fifteen he was placed by his own desire in a lawyer's office, but the work proved uncongenial, and at seventeen he exchanged law for medicine, in accordance with his father's original wishes. He became an assiduous pupil of Dr. Robert Knox the anatomist, who was much pleased with a piece of mechanism which Fergusson constructed, and appointed him at the age of twenty demonstrator to his class of four hundred pupils.

Paragraph 4: The area is also identified as Jones Creek diorite. 'Kimo' is 'Mt Kimo', named for one of the Nereids, (Nereids, Cymatolege or 'Kymo'), that occupies the midpoint of the 'Kimo Range', facing Gundagai High School. 'Kimo' is also known as Nargun. Charles Sturt in Chapter Two of his Murrumbidgee exploration journal, likened the 'verdant' Gundagai valley as having Diana of Nemi site parallels as recorded in James George Frazer's 'The Golden Bough', when Sturt journeyed through the Gundagai area in 1829–1830. Mount Minerva is the old name for what today is the hill known as 'Minjary'. Oak groves and muses featured in some succeeding cultural depictions of Gundagai no doubt assigned by early settlers who had received the benefits of an education in the classics, such as Charles Tompson, claimed to be Australia's first published native-born poet and whose father had possession of a large tract of land at Gundagai in the 1830s; and James Macarthur son of John Macarthur, Australian wool pioneer, who met up with Johann Wolfgang von Goethe in Europe and who with his brother William Macarthur had possession of Nangus Station at Nangus, Gundagai. Goethe was one of the key figures of Classicism in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. One pastoral holding on the western side of North Gundagai was named 'Jarno'. Jarno is a character in Goethe's, Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship, a German response to the dramas of William Shakespeare. Gundagai also has a 'Shakespeare Terrace' that runs along the Murrumbidgee floodplain below the town that may or may not refer to the amazing grand theatre corroborees that happened in that area, eagerly shared in the 1830s for the benefit of overlanders and travellers; or in reference to several or all works of Shakespeare. Placenames such as that of Virgil Street that ascends Gundagai's Mount Parnassus lead to sites in the local landscape that for example invoke Virgil's 'Aeneid', viz ... there the fearsome cavern of the awesome Sybil lies, Whence came her prophecies. The name 'Warramore', is given for Stuckey's Station in 1836 at today's Gundagai. 'Warramore' is linked to 'Warrawen', which is the large cut in the western side of the Monaro Plateau from near which western travelling geological fault lines begin, and 'Warragong', which is the section of the beginning of the Australian Alps in the Gundagai region upon which snow sometimes falls. The junction of the Murrumbidgee and Tumut Rivers is named 'Bewuck' to note the numerous Murray Cod found in that area.

Paragraph 5: During the late 1700s, there were a number of proposals for canals on the south bank of the River Thames, and several of the prominent canal engineers of the time were involved. John Smeaton looked at two possible routes for a canal between Kingston upon Thames and Ewell in 1778. Ralph Dodd, who was also involved with promoting the Thames and Medway Canal, proposed a canal with a number of branches linking Deptford, Clapham, Kingston, Ewell, Epsom, Mitcham and Croydon. A plan for a canal from Croydon to Wandsworth was thought to be impractical by William Jessop and John Rennie, because the main source of water in the area through which it would run was the River Wandle, and this supplied a number of mills which would be affected if the river was used to supply the canal. Jessop also advised on a canal from Vauxhall to Rotherhithe in 1796, while in 1799, a railway from London through Croydon to Portsmouth, using horses to pull the wagons, was suggested. Eventually, three projects were submitted to parliament for approval. These were the Grand Surrey Canal, at the time called the Kent and Surrey Canal, the Croydon Canal linking Croydon and Rotherhithe, and the Surrey Iron Railway, a horse-drawn linking Croydon to Wandsworth, and all three were authorised in 1801.

Paragraph 6: For its May 2006 issue, the Canadian horror publication Rue Morgue featured a cover story on the Monsters HD network reporting that the channel also "aired the world television premiere of Bubba Ho Tep and broadcast a wide range of beloved classics like The Evil Dead, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Tombs of the Blind Dead, The Tingler, The Abominable Dr. Phibes, Scanners and others, all presented in 5.1 sound, uncut and completely commercial free. Rue Morgue also noted that Monsters HD managed to secure licensing deals with all the major studios -- Paramount and their Friday the 13th franchise, MGM (which includes Sam Arkoff's  AIP drive-in classics from Roger Corman), New Line's (post Paramount) Friday the 13th movies as well as the 2003 version of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the Universal horror classics, Sony/Columbia's Ray Harryhausen stop-motion monster films and oddball titles like Octaman and Joe Giannone's Madman. Monsters HD's curation of horror films for 2006 were presented in Rue Morgue's "TV Terror Guide", which cited the channel's monthly marathons, weekly film festivals including thematic programming stunts like May's "Monsters Mother's Day" featuring Larry Cohen's It's Alive trilogy; August's  "Jawsfest" featuring the first four Jaws films; September's "Zombiethon" featuring George Romero's Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, and Day of the Dead; November's "Monsters Goes Ape" featuring King Kong (1933), Son of Kong, Mighty Joe Young and King Kong (1976); and a Christmas schedule of "Killer Toy Stories" featuring films from the Child's Play and Puppet Master franchises." Monsters HD's program stunts for 2006 and 2007 also  included a July  "Japanese Giant Kaiju Fest" featuring various Godzilla films from Toho and an October schedule featuring four titles from the Hellraiser film series and a Halloween marathon of six titles from the Halloween franchise.

Paragraph 7: He spent the majority of his career in the minor leagues but was able to break into the NHL for a total of 196 games over four seasons. He got his first taste of the NHL during the 1992–93 NHL season when he played four games for the Ottawa Senators, although he spent the majority of the season with their farm team, the New Haven Senators of the American Hockey League. It would take another four years to make it as a regular in the NHL. He played in 61 games (scoring a respectable 11 goals and 15 assists) during the 1997–98 NHL season for the St. Louis Blues after signing with the team as a free agent.  The main reasoning behind Atcheynum being called up to the Blues during this period was due to the lack of depth on their roster early on in the 1997-98 season. With St. Louis, Atcheynum would typically play on a line with Craig Conroy and Scott Pellerin that was fondly referred to as the "CPA Line". Blues general manager Larry Pleau was impressed by Atcheynum's hard work, saying "Blair's not a player in the bottom third of our roster. He's one of our first nine forwards. He can move up to the first or second line without missing a step if we need him".

Paragraph 8: In Tactical mode, the player takes command of a team of soldiers in various missions to combat the aliens wherever they might appear. Instead of pushing impersonal armies around on giant maps, the players uses only the team of soldiers assigned to deal with this mission (as of 2.5, the maximum number of player-controlled actors is 12). Tactical mode uses a turn-based system, where the human team and the aliens take turns to make moves. During the player's turn the troops can be ordered to move around, fire their weapons, throw grenades or use other equipment. Each soldier gets a certain number of Time Units (TUs), representing the total time they have to act during the current turn.  All actions in Tactical mode require Time Units to perform and once a soldier is out of Time Units, the soldier cannot do anything more until the next turn. Both aliens and humans can reserve TUs for reaction fire, however, and if the actor sees an enemy perform actions with equal or greater TU cost, during their turn, they will fire. Therefore, soldiers armed with pistols, and other weapons with low TU costs are often able to get the first shot on an enemy armed with a heavier and deadlier weapon. There are many tiers of weapons, such as explosives, projectiles, lasers, plasma, particle beams, and EM guns, each with their strengths and weaknesses (examples being the high accuracy of lasers, but relatively low damage output, or the high damage of particle beams, but low rates of fire and high recoil). Unlike X-COM and many similar games, there is no one "super weapon" that the player rushes to and then arms every single soldier with as soon as they can but should rather keep a healthy, balanced arsenal to be effective at different ranges and amounts of cover. Civilians and other bystanders may be found during the mission, either being targeted by the aliens, or just getting in the way while the troops try to protect them. Saving the game is impossible in tactical mode, though you can retry the mission at any time.

Paragraph 9: England had a strong batting line up: Len Hutton (averaging 56.67), Bill Edrich (40.00), Peter May (46.77), Colin Cowdrey (44.06), Denis Compton (50.06) and Trevor Bailey (29.74), with Tom Graveney (44.38) standing in for the injured Compton and out-of-form Edrich in the two Sydney Tests. Hutton was the holder of the then record Test score of 364 and had by far the best batting average of either team in 1950–51 (88.83) and 1953 (55.37). The main problem was finding a suitable opening partner once Cyril Washbrook (42.81) had retired. Reg Simpson (33.35) was the only other opener in the team and thought the job should be his. He had been on the sidelines for years, and had made 156 not out at Melbourne in the 1950–51 Ashes series when Australia was beaten for the first time in 12 years. Though chosen for the First Test he failed and did not find his form until late in the series. As a result, Hutton tried Bailey, Edrich and Graveney in the number two position. England's opening-partnership problem remained unsolved until the emergence of John Edrich and Geoffrey Boycott in the 1960s. With the strong Australian bowling on their home turf, runs were hard to come by and only the obstinate stonewaller "Barnacle" Bailey exceeded his career Test average in a low-scoring series (37.00 over 29.74). Keith Miller wrote "I reckon he has saved more matches for England than anyone else since the war. His figures belie his worth to England. When a fielding side sees him coming in, a trough of deep depression immediately settles around the area". Bill Edrich had been a Squadron Leader during the war and won the DFC for his part in the "RAF's most audacious and dangerous low-level bombing raid" on Cologne in 1941. Edrich had "an immense relief that he survived" becoming a bon viveur who lived for the day and a gutsy batsman who was "almost indifferent to his own safety. No bowler is too fast to hook; no score too large to defy challenge." Vic Wilson was a strapping Yorkshire farmer who could hit the ball many a mile, but failed to come to terms with the Australian pitches. The baby-faced Colin Cowdrey, an Oxford undergraduate and the youngest member of the side, was a real find with his immaculate timing of the ball in the first of a record six tours of Australia. "The 22-year-old had received news of his father's death at the start of the tour, but soldiered on, thanks to the advice and encouragement of his young teammate Peter May and father figure and captain Len Hutton". Even so, Hutton made a small bet that Wilson would score more Test runs than Cowdrey on the tour Tyson worked on his batting and in 1954 "was building up a reputation as an all-rounder, scoring consistently with the bat", and even batted at number seven on the tour. The team scored fewer Test runs than any England team in Australia for fifty years, but with such talent somebody usually got the vital runs and, except at Brisbane, England had the advantage.

Paragraph 10: Although the German invasion of Belgium in 1914 was the major factor in causing British entry into the war, the government of Belgium itself played a small role in diplomatic affairs.  Its main role came as a recipient of relief from neutral countries, and its use by the Allies is a propaganda weapon against the Germans, and their emphasis on the atrocities involved in the Rape of Belgium.  On 2 August 1914, the German government demanded that German armies be given free passage through Belgian territory. This was refused by the Belgian government on 3 August. King Albert I addressed his Parliament on 4 August, saying "Never since 1830 has a graver hour sounded for Belgium. The strength of our right and the need of Europe for our autonomous existence make us still hope that the dreaded events will not occur." The same day German troops invaded at dawn. Almost all of Belgium was occupied for the entire war,  with the exception of a sliver in the far west, which was under the control of the Belgian Army.  The government itself was relocated to the city of Sainte-Adresse in France; it still controlled the Belgian Congo in Africa. Belgium officially continued to fight the Germans, but the amount of combat was nominal. Belgium never joined the Allies. However, its foreign minister Paul Hymans was successful in securing promises from the allies that amounted to co-belligerency. Britain, France and Russia pledged in the Declaration of Sainte-Adresse in February 1916 that Belgian would be included in the peace negotiations, its independence would be restored, and that it would receive a monetary compensation from Germany for the damages.  At the Paris peace conference in 1919, Belgium officially ended its historic neutral status, and became first in line to receive reparations payments from Germany.  However, it received only a small bit of German territory, and was rejected in its demands for all of Luxembourg and part of the Netherlands.  It was given colonial mandates over the German colonies of Rwanda and Burundi. Hymans became the leading spokesman for the small countries at Paris, and became president of the first assembly of the new League of Nations.  When war began in 1914, Hymans met with President Wilson in Washington and got major promises of relief and food support. Relief was directed primarily by an American Herbert Hoover and involved several agencies: Commission for Relief in Belgium, American Relief Administration, and Comité National de Secours et d'Alimentation.

Paragraph 11: Although industrial production methods began revolutionizing watchmaking in the middle of the 19th century, chronometer manufacture remained craft-based much longer and was dominated by British and Swiss manufacturers. Around the turn of the 20th century, Swiss makers such as Ulysse Nardin made great strides toward incorporating modern production methods and using fully interchangeable parts, but it was only with the onset of World War II that the Hamilton Watch Company in the United States perfected the process of mass production, which enabled it to produce thousands of its Hamilton Model 21 and Model 22 chronometers from 1942 onwards for the United States Navy & Army and other Allied navies during World War II. The Hamilton 21 Marine Chronometer had a chain drive fusee and its second hand advanced in -second increments over a 60 seconds marked sub dial. In Germany, in which marine chronometers were imported or used foreign key components, a  (three-pillar movement unified chronometer) was developed by a collaboration between the Wempe Chronometerwerke and A. Lange & Söhne companies to make more efficient production possible. The development of a precise and inexpensive  was a 1939 German naval command and Aviation ministry driven initiative. Serial production began in 1942. All parts were made in Germany and interchangeable. During the course of World War II modifications that became necessary when raw materials became scarce were applied and work was compulsory and sometimes voluntarily shared between various German manufacturers to speed up production. The production of German unified design chronometers with their harmonized components continued until long after World War II in Germany and the Soviet Union, who confiscated the original  technical drawings, and set up a production line in Moscow in 1949 that produced the first Soviet MX6 chronometers containing German made movements. From 1952 onwards until 1997 MX6 chronometers with minor  (NII Chasprom — Horological institute of the Soviet era) devised alterations were produced from components all made in the Soviet Union. The German  ultimately became the mechanical marine timekeeper design produced in the highest volume, with about 58,000 units produced. Of these, less than 3,000 were produced during World War II, about 5,000 after the war in West and East Germany and about 50,000 in the Soviet Union and later post-Soviet Russia. Of the Hamilton 21 Marine Chronometer during and after World War II about 13,000 units were produced. Despite the  and Hamilton's success, chronometers made in the old way never disappeared from the marketplace during the era of mechanical timekeepers. Thomas Mercer Chronometers was among the companies that continued to make them.

Paragraph 12: Archibald Campbell MacLaren (1 December 1871 – 17 November 1944) was an English cricketer who captained the England cricket team at various times between 1898 and 1909. A right-handed batsman, he played 35 Test matches for England, as captain in 22 of those games, and led the team to defeat in four Ashes series against Australia. An amateur, MacLaren played first-class cricket for Lancashire, captaining that county for most of his career. As a batsman, MacLaren was one of the leading cricketers of his time and had a reputation as a fast-scoring stylist. In 1895, he scored 424 runs in an innings against Somerset which was the highest individual score in first-class cricket until 1923 and remained a record in English cricket until 1994. Opinions were divided over his captaincy. He was a deep thinker on the game and critics believed him to be tactically advanced, but his pessimism, clashes with the selectors and inability to get the best out of his players led most commentators to rate him a poor leader.

Paragraph 13: During the feudal era the king was the only true "owner" of land under his allodial title, and the rest of the population merely "held" estates in land from him under various forms of feudal tenure, directly in the case of his tenants-in-chief, and indirectly in the case of sub-tenants of the latter. The king's tenants-in-chief formed the backbone of the royal army. King William the Conqueror had granted all the land he conquered in England to his principal military commanders, and others to the church and to other of his supporters and servants. These were the first tenants-in-chief of the Anglo-Norman feudal system. The principal was that an estate (or fee) would supply the needs of one knight so that he would be able to appear fully armed, mounted and attended by esquires and retinue, for royal military service for a certain number of days per year. The king wanted to ensure that any new occupant of the fee would be an effective soldier, thus a licence to alienate was effectively a royal veto on a new tenant-in-chief.

Paragraph 14: Matanzas was one of the regions that saw intensive development of sugar plantations during the colonial era. Consequently, many African slaves were imported to support the sugar industry, particularly during the first half of the nineteenth century. For example, in 1792 there were 1900 slaves in Matanzas, roughly 30% of its population. In 1817, the slave population of Matanzas had grown to 10,773, comprising nearly 50% of the overall population. By 1841, 53,331 slaves made up 62.7% of the population of Matanzas. Census figures for 1859 put the Matanzas slave population at 104,519. Matanzas was the site of several slave insurrections and plots, including the infamous Escalera conspiracy (discovered in late 1843). Due to the high number of both slaves and, importantly, free Afro-Cubans in Matanzas, the retention of African traditions is especially strong there. In 1898, Matanzas became the location of the first action in the Spanish–American War. The city was bombarded by American Navy vessels on April 25, 1898, just after the beginning of the war.

Paragraph 15: The City Council was headed by the Mayor, Karl Friedrich Giese. His deputy was a member of the (German National People's Party), chemist Rievers, known from the plebiscite period. The board members were Allzat, Brockob, Filzek and Seifert. The City Council had 21 councilors and its chairman was the merchant Falk. Both the Board and the City Council were politically pluralistic. Among the four members of the Municipal Executive there was onesocial democrat (SPD), one member of the People's Party and two conservatives. Among the 21 members of the City Council there was one fascist, thirteen conservatives, four social democrats, one communist, one centre (Zentrum), one democrat and one people's man. There was also one representative of the craft and two members of the economic party. This political pluralism did not prevent the Board and the City Council from making very far-sighted and prospective decisions that were beneficial for the city. Such decisions also include the free transfer of building plots to industrial or manufacturing plants, the transfer of plots of land for the construction of public buildings on very convenient terms, and finally the free transfer of plots of land to the garrison for the development of recreational and tourist infrastructure. At meetings of the City Board and the City Council, decisions were taken by a majority of votes. With a predominance of Conservatives both in the same body and in the other, it might not have been difficult to obtain such a majority. Only that first the mayor had to get the majority for these decisions and the majority, and this task was for the mayor. A lot depended on his authority. The fact that the mayor of Giese joyed such an authority mainly among the town's inhabitants is proved by the fact that in 1922 he was elected for a second, twelve-year term. For the first time Karl Friedrich Giese was elected mayor of Ilawa on 6 June 1910, for the second time in 1922, and it was only the take over of power by the Nazis in 1933 that did not allow him to survive until the end of his term. The term of office of the City Board and City Council lasted six years. We do not know whether the elections to the Board and Council also took place in 1910, that this was the case, can be seen from the mention of the pastor of the Catholic parish in Ilawa, who said that in 1930, by the votes of four Protestants and two Catholics, he was elected to the City Council. This would mean that this year there were elections for a new Board and a new City Council, which in turn means that Giese, during his more than twenty years as mayor in Iława, had to work with four different or almost different teams of people, consisting of the City Board and City Council. Following the mention of Fr. Maier can be assumed that the elections to the City Council took place in 1910, the next ones were in 1916, but probably due to the war they were postponed to 1918, while the next ones took place in 1924 and 1930. When choosing these people, they probably remembered their recent active participation in the plebiscite fight for Germany.

Paragraph 16: Calyceraceae are perennial or annual herbs. There may be a few or many branched stems that may be without hair or with soft silky hairs. The leaves may be in a rosette at the base of the stems or set alternately along the stems. Stipules are lacking. The leafblade is simple, but may be lobed to pinnatisect. The margin of the leaves may be entire or toothed. The inflorescences are flowerheads comparable to those in the sunflower family. They are at the top of the stems or opposite leaves, and may have a flowerstem or be seated, while each flowerhead may be on its own or in a cyme. Each individual flowerhead is surrounded by an involucre, consisting of one or two rows of bracts that are often leaf-like and usually not merged. The base of the flowerhead may be conical, convex or sometimes almost spheroidal. On the base of the flowerhead, at the base of each individual flower, are linear to narrowly lanceolate, green, chaffy scales (or paleae) that become woody when seeds are ripening. Each flowerhead may contain a few or up to over one hundred hermaphrodite or unisexual, star-symmetric or mirror-symmetric flowers. The petals are fused to form a funnel-shaped or sometimes cylinder-shaped corolla that is split into four to six lobes at the top. The corolla's remains stay on the top of the one-seeded dry fruit at maturity. Four or five stamens alternate with the corolla lobes. The lower third of these filaments are fused with the corolla tube, while sometimes filaments may also be attached to their neighbors. Filaments carry nectaries. The anthers stand upright, with pollen freed from a slit at the top. The style is thread-like without hairs, sticking out above the corolla tube, while the stigma at its tip is club-shaped or split in two. The ovary consists of two carpels with only one ovule, which is pendulous and anatropous. The fruit is an achene, with a persistent calyx which may consists of spines, contains one seed that is only enclosed by a thin pericarp and has fleshy endosperm. The sepals may be free or fused calyx lobes, sometimes spine-like and woody on the outside. Fruits may be dispersed separately when ripe or can remain on the floral base that breaks free of the plant.

Paragraph 17: The concept behind VIVA originated in 1992, when major record labels were frustrated by MTV Europe's decision to program mostly English-language music videos to the Germanophone markets, in what was perceived as its refusal to play major German-speaking artists. Executives at US media giant Time Warner, keen on increasing their market share of its music repertoire and business in Germany, planned the new TV station in 1992. Eventually, they recruited DoRo Productions, producers of music videos for notable acts such as Queen, The Rolling Stones, David Bowie, in the design of the music channel. Time Warner executives Tom McGrath and Peter Bogner assembled a group of record labels that included its very own Warner Music, EMI Music, Polygram Records and Sony Television along with Frank Otto, Apax Partners, and Austrian producers Rudi Dolezal and Hannes Rossacher of DoRo Productions. In a concept paper of Time Warner, Peter Bogner analyzed MTV's market position as vulnerable, and "while MTV is betting on a diet of pure Anglo-American video clips, VIVA should broadcast at least 40% more German music."

Paragraph 18: In early Indian literary works, Tamralipta, with its other "dialectical variants," was mentioned. It was also mentioned by the Greek astronomer-geographer Ptolemy, the Roman author and philosopher Pliny, and the Chinese monk travellers Fa-hien, Hsuan-tsang, and Yi Jing.  The Kurma-vibhaga segment of the Atharva-veda Parisista incorporates the primal testimony to Tamralipta in Indian literary sources. The Mahabharata distinguishes this ancient city from Suhma, but a later work, Dashakumaracharita, adds "Damalipta" within the Suhma Kingdom. It is said that Tamralipta was the capital of Suhma. In the Raghuvamsha, it is described as being located on the bank of the river Kapisa. The Kathsaritsagara observes Tamralipta as an important maritime port and trading center. Some Pali literature identifies it as "Tamalitti" or "Tamalitthi" and describes it as a port. Tamralipti is mentioned numerous times in the Arthasastra as an imperative center of maritime exchange. The Brihat-Samhita distinguishes "Tamraliptika" from "Gaudaka" and mentions the sailing of ships from Yavana to the port of "Damalipta". Ptolemy mentions "Tāmralipta" as a significant town and royal residence. Pliny denotes Tamralipti as 'Taluctae'. The earliest meticulous description of Tamralipta appears in Buddhist literature. In the early fifth century CE, the Chinese Buddhist monk Fa-Hien reported seeing twenty Buddhist monasteries in Tamralipta. Fa-Hien traces Tamralipta, as situated on the seaboard. Whereas Hiuen-Tsang describes that Tamralipta was situated on a creek relatively away from the main Bay of Bengal. According to Hiuen-Tsang, this port town spanned approximately 250 miles and served as the point of convergence of the land and sea trade routes. According to him, the main exports from Tamralipta port were indigo, silk, and copper. In , the Chinese Buddhist monk YiJing reached the east coast of India. He spent five months in Tamralipti and learned Sanskrit. Yijing travelled up the Ganga from Tamralipti to the Buddhist monastery complex of Nalanda, which was the home of thirty-five hundred monks at that time. According to Mahavamsa, an epic history of Sri Lanka, it was the exit point for Ruler Vijaya's voyage to conquer Sri Lanka and the Buddhist mission propelled to Sri Lanka by the Mauryan emperor Ashoka. Tamralipta is mentioned in Dipavamsa as well. The Vanga is referred to as possessing the city of Tamralipta in one of the Jaina Upangas called Prajñāpanā. According to the Jaina texts, Tamralipta was the capital of the kingdom of Vanga. Tamralipta is mentioned as one of the Jaina ascetic orders in the Jaina Kalpasūtra.

Paragraph 19: The Assassin (2015)The Assassin (2015) was Hou's eighteenth feature film and garnered him the Best Director award at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, where composer Giong Lim also won the Cannes Soundtrack Award. The film also swept the 2015 Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards, winning a grand total of five awards: Best Director, Best Feature Film, Best Cinematography (Ping Bin Lee), Best Makeup & Costume Design (Wen-Ying Huang), and Best Sound Effects (Duu-Chih Tu, Shih Yi Chu, Shu-yao Wu).> The film was also nominated for 5 additional Golden Horse awards: Best Leading Actress (Shi Qu), Best Adapted Screenplay (Cheng Ah, Chu T’ien-wen and Hai-Meng Hsieh), Best Art Direction (Wen-Ying Huang), Best Original Film Score (Giong Lim) and Best Film Editing (Ching-Song Liao). The film was also nominated for a BAFTA Award for "Best Foreign Language Film", but lost to Wild Tales.The Assassin also won a Best Foreign Language Film award from the 2015 Florida Film Critics Circle Awards, a "Best Film Not in the English Language" award from the Online Film Critics Society (where it was also nominated for a Best Cinematography award for DP Ping Bin Lee), and a Best Foreign Language film award from the Vancouver Film Critics Circle in 2016. The film also won 2nd place for a Best Foreign Language Film award from the Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association in 2015, 3rd place in a 2015 indieWire Critics' Poll for Best Director and Best Cinematography (Ping Bin Lee), where it also received an 8th place for Best Film and a 9th place for Best Editing (Chih-Chia Huang), and 2nd place for a Best Foreign Language Film Award from the Southeastern Film Critics Association Awards in 2015.

Paragraph 20: In Jerusalem, it was based on a long-standing argument against a 1989 agreement between Degel HaTorah's then-spiritual leader Rabbi Elazar Shach, the venerated Rosh yeshiva of the famed Ponevezh Yeshiva in Bnei Brak, and the spiritual leader of Agudat Yisrael, the Pnei Menachem of Gur, Rabbi Pinchas Menachem Alter. The deal, based on the demographics of the time, stated that when UTJ would join forces, Aguda would receive 60% of the seats, and Degel 40%. This agreement was first contested in May 2016, when Degel's Knesset leader Moshe Gafni demanded that then-Deputy Education Minister Meir Porush resign from the Knesset, in order to give Degel 3 out of the 6 seats held by UTJ. Porush was able to keep his ministerial position under the 2015 so-called Norwegian Law. In 2018, Degel reached a 50-50 agreement with Aguda, with an Aguda representative as the Chairman of the party.

Paragraph 21: The river begins at an unnamed lake and flows northeast through Fawn Lake to Big Trout Lake, the location of the Kitchenuhmaykoosib Inninuwug First Nation (also called the Big Trout Lake First Nation). The river exits the lake at the east and flows north to Angling Lake, the location of the Wapekeka First Nation. The river heads northeast over Ashaway Falls and Crandall Falls, and takes in the right tributaries Little Otter River, Otter River and Fat River. It turns north, takes in the right tributary Pitticow River, then heads northwest. It receives the left tributaries Burning River and Poplar River, and reaches its mouth at the Severn River, which flows to Hudson Bay.

Paragraph 22: The game was well received on both platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, Famitsu gave the DS version a score of two eights and two nines, for a total of 34 out of 40.1Up.com editor Justin Haywald praised the DS version's puzzles and story. But he pointed out that, "The concept is novel and fun, though you might feel occasionally frustrated by the trial-and-error process to get at a solution." Ultimately, the story's quick "concise plotting and entertaining puzzles" helped elevate the overall experience. Daemon Hatfield of IGN gave the same console version an Editor's Choice award, praising the game's mechanics and animation, although he noted that it "gets a little wordy sometimes." GameSpot praised the unique gameplay and memorable characters. Brian Rowe of GameZone gave it 8.5 out of 10, calling it "a perfect storm of clever puzzles, suspenseful storytelling, and spectacular visuals that hasn't been witnessed since the heyday of LucasArts adventures. The linear plot makes this a one-time experience, but one that is so enthralling and witty that you'll be thankful for the opportunity." Edge gave it a score of eight out of ten, saying, "How apt that interactivity and fiction should finally merge in a fiction about interactions. The dead are restored, and the genre with them." AJ Glasser of GamePro gave it four stars out of five, saying, "The conclusion the plot hurtles toward you may not be one you saw coming (I didn't), but the satisfaction of getting there cancels out all the tufts of hair you ripped out along the way working out the tougher puzzles." Martin Gaston of VideoGamer.com gave both the DS and iOS versions seven out of ten, saying of the former, "It's an elegantly crafted thriller that stands out as an original, charming and beautiful adventure," and calling the latter "an elegantly crafted thriller that stands out as an original, charming and beautiful adventure. As an experience it's well worth the price of admission, but sadly Ghost Trick lets itself down with its overall simplicity and the disappointment of its crucial final act."411Mania gave the DS version 8.9 out of 10 and called it "a must have for your DS library. The game will provide you with 18 chapters and eight to ten hours of high quality entertainment and a gripping storyline. The deeper you dive into the game, the more compelling the mystery unfurls, and the more you’ll want to stay up late into the night finishing this addicting game." The A.V. Club gave it a B+ and said that it was "just one indication that the DS, in its twilight years, is also in its prime." The Escapist gave it four stars out of five and called it "a clever concoction that will stretch your brain in pleasantly unusual ways. It strikes just the right balance between whimsy and challenge, always just the right amount of difficult and bizarre." The Daily Telegraph gave it a similar score of eight out of ten, stating that "The puzzling, while fearsomely inventive and effortlessly pleasurable, unfortunately doesn't fulfil its obvious potential. But if you are possessed by Ghost Tricks charms, you will find an affecting, charismatic game with a whole lot of spirit."  However, Wired gave it seven stars out of ten, stating that "Part of the appeal of the Ace Attorney series is the 'Eureka!' moment, that feeling of brain satisfaction that can only come out of solving a particularly grueling puzzle using nothing but your wits. Ghost Trick has no eurekas, only 'Oh... is that it?'"

Paragraph 23: "God Save The South" was written in 1861 by Miles as Ernest Halphim with the music for it being composed by Charles Wolfgang Amadeus Ellerbrock. Halphim wrote it with the intent to inspire Confederate soldiers during the American Civil War with the thought that God would be with them. It was also written as an intent to counter the Union's usage of the newly-written "Battle Hymn of the Republic" as a rallying hymn. It was also used as a way to develop a unique Southern national culture to distinguish the Confederate States from the United States. When it was published in New Orleans, it was the first song published in the Confederate States since the Ordinance of Secession. The hymn was later included in the Confederate hymnal, The Soldier's Companion given to all Confederate soldiers during the war.

Paragraph 24: The Latvian constitution stipulates that the borders of the Republic are set by international treaties, and the government considers the 1920 Treaty of Rīga to be still in force. The 4 May 1990 declaration of independence (reinstating the 1920 constitution subject to a transitional period) by the Supreme Soviet of the Latvian SSR affirmed that the restored Republic of Latvia would base its relations with the Russian Federation on the treaty principle. In January 1991, the Russian Federation (while still in the USSR) and Latvia signed a document regulating their bilateral relations. The Latvian delegation attempted to include a reference to the 1920 treaty but the Russian delegation objected. In essence, Russia views Latvia as a newly independent country and consistently refuses to acknowledge that Latvia was occupied and illegally incorporated into the USSR, while Latvia insists upon the legal continuity of Latvian state occupied in 1940. Key players in post-war politics in the West never recognised or at least questioned the legality of the incorporation of Latvia into the USSR, but there is pressure on both countries to resolve the issue. This can be seen on the example of their attitude towards events from the beginning of the 20th century in Latvia. Thus, the European Community, for example, did not use the term "recognition" but referred to "the restoration of sovereignty and independence" when restoring diplomatic relations in 1991; the US to "the culmination of the USA’s 52 year refusal to accept the forcible incorporation of the independent Baltic States by the USSR". (See, for example, Roland Rich's paper for the Symposium on Recent Developments in State Recognition.). Pressure on the RF includes the need for Russia to have a border agreement in order to pursue a less draconian visa policy from the EU.

Paragraph 25: Pain medication is often given to the patient after the surgery because of pain at the site of the incision. An IV with fluids is administered. Electrolyte balance and fluids are carefully monitored, because these are the functions of the kidneys. It is possible that the remaining kidney does not take over all functionality. A patient has to stay in the hospital between 2 and 7 days depending on the procedure and complications. Patients who have had open surgery will have to stay in hospital longer than those who have had laparoscopic surgery. In long-term, a person with only one kidney ("solitary kidney") may be more prone to developing chronic kidney disease (CKD). A 2014 study suggested that lifelong risk of CKD is several-fold higher in kidney donors, although the absolute risk is still very small. A 2017 article in the New England Journal of Medicine suggests that persons with only one kidney including those who have donated a kidney for transplantation or those whose kidney was removed for cancer, should avoid high protein diet and limit their protein intake to less than one gram per kilogram body weight per day in order to reduce the long-term risk of CKD.

Paragraph 26: During the Guangxu era of the Qing dynasty, after the Eight-Nation Alliance invaded China and conquered Beijing, the Empress Dowager Cixi,  Emperor Guangxu and their retinues were forced to retreat from Beijing to Xi'an. On their way, the Imperial Eunuch, Li Lianying detected a pleasant aroma, and found that the smell came from a zhajiangmian restaurant. He then reported about the restaurant to Cixi and Guangxu. Due to collective fatigue and hunger after their long trip, Cixi and Guangxu decided to have a meal in the restaurant. Li Lianying ordered a bowl of vegetarian zhajiangmian. Finding it tasty, they ordered another one. After dinner, Cixi asked everyone how they found the taste of the dish. They all replied "This is definitely a good noodle. Good, good!" Shortly after, as Emperor Guangxu was about to leave and continue their trip, Cixi demanded that Li Lianying bring the chef who made the zhajiangmian to Beijing and the palace, so they could eat zhajiangmian often once they came back. This is the story of how the vegetarian zhajiangmian made its way to Beijing.

Paragraph 27: The Marble Hall: This is the grandest and most complex room in the House. Rising the full height of the house the room is nearly  high, the main body being  square, at the upper floor level taking up most of the south wall is a large apse, which in turn has a coffered-exedra in its centre. The  ground floor is a rectangle, it being surrounded by walls to the east, west and south sides, which support a Colonnade of eighteen full columns and two matching pilasters on the north wall  high of the Ionic order, which in turn are surrounded by a passageway. There are six columns down each flank of the room, with two more at the end, the remaining four columns follow the curve of the apse. The apse contains a wide flight of white marble steps that rises to the upper level at the southernmost columns. The columns have an extremely rich plaster entablature, the soffit has richly decorated plaster panels edged in egg and dart, the frieze has bucrania and putti between festoons of fruit, the cornice in turn supports the deep coffered cove of the ceiling that rises to the flat centre over both the apse and the main part of the room, which is enriched with molded plaster beams also richly decorated with rosettes and other decoration. The fluted columns are of pink-veined Derbyshire alabaster, with white marble capitals. The walls surrounding the ground floor are also faced in the same alabaster, there are two arched doorways at the northern end of the walls leading to the service areas. These walls have a skirting of black marble decorated with a white marble meander, there is also a band of black marble decorated with a white marble scroll pattern just below the bases of the columns. The floor is white marble edged with grey marble. Between the columns is an elaborate black painted s-scroll wrought iron balustrade, supporting a mahogany hand rail. The upper corridor behind the columns is more restrained in its decoration, the alabaster is restricted to the skirting and door frames, with a white marble floor, the flat ceilings having simple large coffers between each column, separated by a rich band of guilloché patterned plasterwork, the walls like the ceiling being white plaster. The east and west walls of the upper level have four plain statue niches alternating with three doors, the southern apse is flanked by doors with windows above, then within the apse are two more statue niches flanking the central exedra with its hexagonal coffering, this contains two more statue niches flanking the doorway into the Saloon with its alabaster door surround with rich entablature and brackets, these like all the doors in the state rooms are of panelled mahogany. All the statue niches are semicircular in plan and rise from dado level to a half domed termination. The northern wall continues the alabaster and marble decoration across the ground floor, above is a Venetian window framed in white plaster, consisting of Corinthian pilasters and matching entablature, this is flanked by two sash windows. Beneath the central window is the main entrance which is flanked by black marble Ionic engaged-columns, supporting an alabaster pediment in the frieze of which is this inscription:

Paragraph 28: When the player is invading (or invaded by) an enemy territory, the game switches to the "Battle map". At this point the game works quite similarly to Command & Conquer. The player must control each of their units to destroy the opponent within the sector and not lose all their units (and buildings if defending). The battle map is also used if the player wishes to set up unit and structure building tasks and queues in one of their sectors, but they cannot examine an enemy-held sector without attacking. Time spent on the battle map does not affect time on the war map.

Paragraph 29: On 7 February 2010, Pac lost to K-ness in a match for the Open the Brave Gate Championship. On 5 July 2010, Pac made his debut for Dragon Gate's international expansion Dragon Gate USA, wrestling in a match where he and BxB Hulk were defeated by Yamato and Shingo. At the following day's tapings of the Uprising pay-per-view, PAC and Naruki Doi defeated Jigsaw and Mike Quackenbush. On 14 October, World-1 lost the Open the Triangle Gate Title to Akebono, Fujii and Mochizuki in a rematch. On 20 December 2010, Dragon Gate USA announced that they had signed Pac to a contract that would make him a regular member of the promotion's roster. On 30 January 2011, PAC and Masato Yoshino defeated Chuck Taylor and Johnny Gargano to become Dragon Gate USA's first ever Open the United Gate Champions. On 11 September, Pac and Yoshino lost the Open the United Gate Championship to Open the Twin Gate Champions, Cima and Ricochet, in a title vs. title match. On 29 August 2010, Pac defeated Susumu Yokosuka in a tournament final to win the vacant Open the Brave Gate Championship for the first time. On 14 April 2011, Pac, BxB Hulk and Susumu Yokosuka failed to win the Open the Triangle Gate Championship from Blood Warriors (Cima, Dragon Kid and Ricochet) and, as a result, World-1 was forced to disband. On 24 April former World-1 members Pac, Hulk, Yokosuka and Yoshino agreed to form a new alliance with Masaaki Mochizuki to battle Blood Warriors. On 8 June, the new group was named Junction Three in reference to it being a union between the former members of World-1, Kamikaze and the Veteran-gun. On 19 June, Pac and Dragon Kid defeated the Blood Warriors team of Ryo Saito and Genki Horiguchi to win the Open the Twin Gate Championship. They lost the title to Blood Warriors representatives Cima and Ricochet on 17 July. On 19 November, Pac lost the Open the Brave Gate Championship to Ricochet, ending his record reign at 447 days. On 9 February 2012, Junction Three was forced to disband, after losing a fourteen-man elimination tag team match to Blood Warriors. On 4 March, Pac received a shot at Dragon Gate's top title, the Open the Dream Gate Championship, but was defeated by defending champion, Cima. On 25 March 2012, Pac joined Masato Yoshino, Naruki Doi, Ricochet, and Rich Swann and formed World-1 International. On 6 May 2012, Pac, alongside World-1 International members Masato Yoshino and Naruki Doi defeated Genki Horiguchi H.A.Gee.Mee!, Jimmy Kanda, and Ryo "Jimmy" Saito at the 2012 Dead or Alive pay-per-view to become the 34th Open the Triangle Gate Champions. On 22 July, Pac made his final Dragon Gate appearance, during which he, Yoshino and Doi successfully defended the Open the Triangle Gate Championship in a three-way match.

Paragraph 30: The story is about a poor lad named Ali Baba who lives in the town of Gulabad, somewhere in Central Asia, with his mother and elder brother Qasim, who owns a small, petty shop. Ali Baba's father, Yousuf, is a merchant in a faraway land who has never returned since he last left when Ali Baba was born. So poor Ali Baba makes a living out of selling timber cut from the hills. Gulabad is terrorized by a band of 40 dacoits. They hide their loot in a magical cave in the deserted hills. When the bandit leader recites the magical spell, it opens, and when he says another spell, it closes.  When news reaches them that his father has gone missing, Ali Baba goes in his search and not only finds his father but also rescues princess Marjeena from the guards of the king who murdered her father to become king. Both Marjeena and Ali Baba fall in love with each other. Then they are attacked, Marjeena is taken captive, and his father is killed. After burying his father, Ali Baba finds out that Marjeena is being sold in the slave market, he borrows money from Qasim, and uses that to pay for Marjeena, and brings her home. Qasim wants to recover his money, and as a result, decides to evict Ali Baba from their family home. Ali Baba and his mother leave the home. It is then the qazi of the region that announces a reward for the capture of notorious bandit Abu Hassan. A young girl named Fatima whose father has been murdered by the dacoits has a score to settle with Abu Hassan. Fatima pledges her support to Ali Baba in killing Abu Hassan. Shortly, thereafter Ali Baba discover the secret hideout of Abu Hassan and its magic spells to open it. He takes some gold and jewelry from there, which he distributes amongst villagers for diverting some water to their parched land. Ali Baba's greedy brother Qasim lures Ali Baba into telling him where the cave is and what the magic spells are. Out of greed, Qasim takes so much gold jewelry and coin, as a result of which, he forgets the spell to reopen the door and gets stuck inside. When the dacoits find him, they kill him. Ali Baba then informs the qazi about Abu Hassan's hideout. What Ali Baba does not know is that the qazi and Abu Hassan is the same person and that the qazi has given instructions to his men to ensure that Ali Baba is killed, so that no one can get their hands on his treasure. Abu Hassan hides the forty thieves in large urns to kill Ali Baba. Ali Baba discovers this and kills them all with the help of Fatima. He brings to light the startling truth that their own ruler heads the dacoits.