Paragraph 1: The journal Ex Tempore has been widely acclaimed in the Swiss press and received media attention from the Tribune de Geneve (9 April 1997, "Les internationaux lancent un Salon littéraire", p. 12, 4 March 1998, p. 11 "l'Onu en poésie", 12 February 2000, 28 February 2001 "Ex Tempore a tenu sa soirée littéraire", 12 February 2004 "Le Cerce de poètes qui libère les onusiens", Le Courrier 18 June 1998, "Une revue cherche à tisser des liens entre l'ONU et la cité", 10 February 2000 "littérature" p. 11, Le Journal de Genève, Le Temps, and DIVA International (2006 Nr. 2, p. 36). UN Special April 2008, p. 33: "Ex Tempore- Nouveau Numéro et Soirée Littéraire". Its members have been interviewed by local television stations such as Leman Bleu, and by local radio stations, including Radio Cité.  The journal has its own issn number:  and is kept by some 20 libraries worldwide, including the Library of Congress, the Deutsche Nationalbibliothek in Leipzig and the Schweizerisches Landesbilbiothek in Bern. On 5 October 2008 Ex Tempore hosted the Mahmoud Darwish memorial lecture during which poems of the Palestinian poet were read out in Arabic, English and French. On 25 January 2013 UNSW held its 17th annual salon, attended by 65 UN writers. On 24 January 2014 the 18th annual salon was held, attended by 62 UN staffers, on 23 January 2015 the 19th salon, on 22 January 2016 the 20th salon, on 20 January 2017 the 21st salon; the 22nd salon on 26 January 2018.  The 23rd salon is scheduled on 25 January 2019.   On 27 September 2019 the United Nations Library celebrated an event "Express and De-Stress" to commemorate 30 years of the UNSW and 30 years of publishing its literary journal Ex Tempore.  The 24th salon was held on 24 January 2020 with 48 in the audience and 15 readers in English, French, German, Latin, Russian, Spanish and Vietnamese.

Paragraph 2: The second agent is Ray Nadeem (Jay Ali), a down on his luck agent in the New York office who has been a pawn of Fisk's for three years without even knowing him. Fisk cuts off his sister-in-law's medical insurance, forcing Nadeem to pay her medical bills and go into crippling debt, ruining his FICO score and delaying hopes of career advancement. When Nadeem visits Fisk in prison and Fisk informs on the Albanians to him, Nadeem readily accepts Fisk's information and his terms of relocation without considering the repercussions. Fisk takes advantage of Nadeem's pride to manipulate him into going after the members of Nelson & Murdock for ostensibly doing Fisk's dirty work. While he eventually realizes he's been played after Jasper Evans' death, it is too late for him to back out and he ends up being blackmailed by his boss Tammy Hattley (Kate Udall) into working with Dex to enforce Fisk's protection tax, and serves as a getaway driver during Dex's attempt on Karen. A conversation with Matt's mother Sister Maggie (Joanne Whalley) convinces Nadeem to grow a spine and stand up to Dex, by arranging with Foggy Nelson and Detective Brett Mahoney for Karen to be "apprehended" by the NYPD. Fisk attempts to kill Nadeem and his family right away, but Matt and Foggy rescue him and convince him to testify before a grand jury convened by District Attorney Blake Tower. Fisk foils their efforts by intimidating the grand jury. Nadeem flees back home and makes a video confession to everything he's witnessed before Dex shows up at his house to murder him on Vanessa's orders. The video, as his dying declaration, is considered thanks to a legal loophole to be credible evidence that allows the NYPD to arrest Fisk and put him back in prison.

Paragraph 3: Wild horses have lived in Britain for hundreds of thousands of years. Some remains found date as early as 700,000 BC, while others are as recent as 3,500 BC. No genetic studies to date have correlated these prehistoric remains to any modern breed. What has been studied are Y-chromosomes (Y-DNA) and mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). The Y-chromosome is passed on through the male line, and worldwide shows very little genetic variation in horses, except for a second Y-chromosome haplotype found in China, suggesting that a very limited number of stallions contributed to the original genome of the domestic horse. The Exmoor pony shares this general Y-chromosome haplotype. In contrast, mitochondrial DNA is passed on though the female line, and shows far more variation than Y-DNA, indicating that a large number of wild mares from several regions have contributed to modern domestic breeds. Some mtDNA-haplotypes have been found in DNA samples obtained from wild horses in prehistoric deposits, while other mtDNA-haplotypes have only been found in domesticated horses, from both living individuals and archeological finds. The Exmoor pony has a high frequency of pre-domestication mtDNA-haplotypes; these are also found in some other breeds all around the world. Currently, for the British Isles, few DNA archeological samples have been studied.

Paragraph 4: Combat boots are military boots designed to be worn by soldiers during combat or combat training, as opposed to during parades and other ceremonial duties. Modern combat boots are designed to provide a combination of grip, ankle stability, and foot protection suitable for a rugged environment. They are traditionally made of hardened and sometimes waterproofed leather. Today, many combat boots incorporate technologies originating in civilian hiking boots, such as Gore-Tex nylon side panels, which improve ventilation and comfort. They are also often specialized for certain climates and conditions, such as jungle boots, desert boots, and cold weather boots as well as specific uses, such as tanker boots and jump boots.

Paragraph 5: Acoli was radicalised by the assassination of Martin Luther King in April 1968 and that same year joined the Harlem chapter of the Black Panther Party as its finance minister. He was arrested on April 2, 1969, in the Panther 21 conspiracy case, in which members were accused of planned coordinated bombing and long-range rifle attack on two police stations and an education office in New York City. A group called Computer People for Peace raised $50,000 bail for him but it was rejected by the judge. Acoli and the other defendants were ultimately acquitted of all charges in that case.

Paragraph 6: He was less than happy when an amazed McQueen discovered his past and asked, "How could a car like you quit at the top of your game?" Hudson bitterly admitted that he did not quit, but was forced into retirement after his crash by the rise of hot young racers. "There was a lot left in me," Hudson said sadly, "I never got the chance to show them." After McQueen finished fixing the Radiator Springs road that he damaged when arriving in town as part of Hudson's court ruling, McQueen decided to stay in town for one extra day, but Hudson was unable to bear having him around any longer and called the news and press, prompting McQueen to immediately leave for the Piston Cup championship race in California. After being scolded by Sally for revealing McQueen's location and making him leave out of his dislike of him, Hudson realizes that McQueen became more important to them than he thought since he helped them restore the town to its former glory just as they had helped him change his ways and began to regret his actions; he believed the town would be happier without McQueen, but was proven wrong. Eventually, he not only admitted to the townsfolk that he was the Fabulous Hudson Hornet, but took back his #51 racing colors to become McQueen's pit crew chief. Nearly the entire town travelled to California as McQueen's pit crew and cheering section. At the race, the commentators recognized his presence on the cameras and Hudson finally received a long-overdue acknowledgment for his return. During the final lap of the race, McQueen uses an old trick he learned from Hudson, which immediately puts a smile on Hudson's face and it shows he truly learned something from him, to take the lead. When McQueen chose to help an injured Strip Weathers (whom he did not want to suffer the same misfortune Hudson did) finish his last race instead of winning the Piston Cup, which is won by an egotistical Chick Hicks (who ends up being pelted and stoned by the media and fans for what he did to Weathers as well as cheating), he smiled once more and expressed how proud he was of McQueen for doing what's right rather than what's important to him.

Paragraph 7: All four upper secondary schools are bilingual and about one fourth of the tuition is given in English by native speakers. This also means that course materials are both in Swedish and English. The schools have students attending from all over the greater Stockholm region, making admission highly competitive. VRG Odenplan has some of the highest minimum admission requirements in the country. Admission to its natural sciences program with natural sciences orientation is especially competitive; in 2009 all students had perfect grades, and since 2016 all students has had a score of at least 330.0 (with a national average of 228.7; out of maximum possible 340.0) translated from their grades from Swedish primary school, due to high application rates.

Paragraph 8: The next day Chief Narbona came to Canyon de Chelly for a "talk peace", along with several other headmen. In the treaty the Navajo acknowledged the jurisdiction of the United States and allowed forts and trading posts in Navajo land. The United States, on its part promised "such donations [and] such other liberal and humane measures, as [it] may deem meet and proper". After reaching an accord, a scuffle broke out when a New Mexican thought he saw his stolen horse and tried to claim it from the Navajo. (The Navajo held that the horse had passed through several owners by this time, and rightfully belonged to its Navajo owner). Washington sided with the New Mexican. Since the Navajo owner took his horse and fled the scene, Washington told the New Mexican to pick out any Navajo horse he wanted. The rest of the Navajo also left. At this, Col. Washington ordered his soldiers to fire. Seven Navajo were killed in the volleys; the rest ran and could not be caught. One of the dying was Chief Narbona, who was scalped as he lay dying by a New Mexican souvenir hunter. This massacre prompted the warlike Navajo leaders such as Manuelito to gain influence over those who were advocates of peace.

Paragraph 9: A skilled commander, with a strong army fortified by war elephants (which the Romans were not experienced in facing), Pyrrhus enjoyed initial success against the Roman legions, but suffered heavy losses even in these victories. Plutarch wrote that Pyrrhus said after the second battle of the war, "If we are victorious in one more battle with the Romans, we shall be utterly ruined." He could not call up more men from home and his allies in Italy were becoming indifferent. The Romans, by contrast, had a very large pool of military manpower and could replenish their legions even if their forces were depleted in many battles. This has led to the expression "Pyrrhic victory", a term for a victory that inflicts losses the victor cannot afford in the long term.

Paragraph 10: The German Bettina Hoy was initially awarded first place.  During the first jumping phase, she received 14 time penalty points in an otherwise flawless round.  This put her in eighth place going into the final phase.  The Germans appealed those points, noting that the time on which the points had been assigned (the time from when Hoy had first crossed the starting line) was not the same time as the time displayed on the stadium clock and which Hoy had thought was the official time.  The clock had been reset and displayed the time from when Hoy had crossed the starting line the second time, which was when she began her jumps.  These points were then rescinded by the Jury of Appeal, which put Hoy in second place only 2.20 points behind the then-leader.  In the final jumping phase, Hoy moved into first place and was awarded the gold medal on 18 August.  The Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled on 21 August that the appeal had been incorrectly upheld and ordered that the 14 points be returned to Hoy's score.  This stripped her of her medal and put her in ninth place.

Paragraph 11: In Akita Prefecture, authorities reported that twelve houses were damaged in Akita City while eight homes were damaged in Yokote, and there were two landslides. Passing over Shizuoka Prefecture with most of its former intensity, 8 roads were closed and 28 homes were damaged. A total of  of rice as well as  of vegetables were damaged, along with three agricultural facilities. Damage was estimated at 243.1 million yen ($1.68 million USD), but the extent was limited by the storm's fast forward motion. A 54-year-old hotel owner broke a rib when gusty winds toppled a seaside structure in Shizuoka. In Fukushima Prefecture, seven homes were damaged in four towns, thirty-nine roads were closed, of which two were national highways. A total of 1,350 households lost power, and power lines downed several trees. The towns of Nakakura and Yazukado suffered flooding. One person was killed in Toyama Prefecture. A landslide closed two roads in Kmoagane in Nagano Prefecture. Throughout the prefecture, 18 dwellings sustained damage and 68 trains were cancelled or delayed, resulting in 49,000 stranded travelers. In Tochigi Prefecture, 141 houses, 266 roads, 284 communication lines, and 6 bridges received damage, while 10 homes were damaged and 23 landslides occurred. River embankments were breached in 710 locations while  of arable land was damaged, totaling 89.5 million yen ($617,000 USD). Damage there totaled to 1.32 billion yen ($9.1 million USD) and one person was hurt. In Gunma Prefecture, 26 structures, 35 roads, and  of farmland were damaged. Prefecturewide, Winona inflicted 390.8 million yen ($2.7 million USD) in damage. Along coastal areas of Saitama Prefecture, 60 houses were damaged,  of crops were damaged, 30 traffic accidents occurred, and five landslides were reported. In Ibaraki Prefecture, the storm dropped heavy rainfall, which resulted in four downed power lines, while one individual was injured. Damage in Yamanashi Prefecture totaled 6.62 billion yen ($45.7 million USD), including 4.80 billion yen ($33.1 million USD) in property damage. To the southeast of Tokyo, in Chiba Prefecture, 35 dwellings were damaged, and damage amounted to 3 million yen ($20,000 USD). Two people were hurt, a 56-year-old fractured his leg and a 78-year-old female fell due to strong winds, six embankments were breached, and thirty-two roads sustained damage. In Shizuoka Prefecture, the prefecture where the storm moved onshore, the heavy rainfall damaged 541 homes, destroyed 55 others, and triggered 13 landslides, which resulted in 12 damaged roads and 21 people homeless. The capital city of Tokyo was lashed with strong winds and heavy rain for several hours, with damage estimated at 34.9 million yen ($241,000 USD). Seven reservoirs in Tokyo received more than  of water; the reservoirs reached 36% capacity, which prompted officials to lift restrictions on water use that were enacted following a drought. Ten homes were flooded and damage totaled 128.5 million yen ($886,000 USD) in Kanagawa Prefecture. Seven people were wounded, mostly due to gusty winds. The cyclone forced the first two days of the Karuizawa 72 Tokyu Ladies Open to be shortened.

Paragraph 12: Originally the area was called Kelly Bay in honour of its first settler, James Kelly, who lived as a hermit. In 1874, Oblate missionary Joseph Moffet (1852–1932) cleared some land and moved to Kelly Bay that came to be known as Baie-des-Pères (Bay of Fathers). In 1883, he was joined by a group of settlers from Nicolet. In 1886, the Parish of Notre-Dame-du-Saint-Rosaire-de-Ville-Marie was founded, and in 1891, the Baie-des-Père Post Office opened. The Village Municipality of Ville-Marie was incorporated in 1897 and the following year the post office was renamed to match the village's name. In 1899, the HBC post closed.

Paragraph 13: In 1364, Kirschroth had its first documentary mention as Rodde. It is certain, though, that it had already existed for quite some time, likely having arisen in the Early Middle Ages. Traces of human habitation may indeed stretch all the way back to Celtic and Roman times. The village was held by the Archbishops of Mainz well into the 12th century before being pledged to the Counts of Saarbrücken, and then about 1275 to the Waldgraves at the Kirburg. They then held it until the French Revolution in 1789. It was administered by a Schultheiß from Mainz who was subject to the castle count at Disibodenberg, or as of 1240  in Sobernheim and as of 1279 at Castle Böckelheim. In 1239, there was a serious dispute between the Archbishop and the counts in the Nahe area who opposed the ecclesiastical prince's quest for power in what they considered their domain. The local lordship over Kirschroth changed many times within the Waldgravial – and beginning in 1408 Waldgravial-Rhinegravial – family, because individual lines sometimes died out, arising from which were complicated divisions of inheritance. Until the 20th century, agriculture was the foremost income earner, and after that, winegrowing. In 1798, the French, to whom the Nahe area had finally fallen, set up their own Mairie (“Mayoralty”) of Meddersheim, which comprised the villages of Meddersheim, Kirschroth and Staudernheim. After the French had been driven out and Napoleon had been definitively defeated, there came a short transitional time, this mairie, now called a Bürgermeisterei (meaning the same thing in German) passed under the terms of the Congress of Vienna to the new Oberamt of Meisenheim within the Landgraviate of Hesse-Homburg, passing once again along with this in 1866 to the Grand Dukes of Hesse-Darmstadt. They lost the Oberamt to the Kingdom of Prussia, which in 1869 made a small rural district out of it. In 1919, the Amt of Meddersheim was formed out of the Bürgermeistereien of Meddersheim and Merxheim, but this was dissolved along with the Meisenheim district in 1932. Beginning in 1935, Kirschroth was in a kind of “personal union” with the town of Sobernheim, and as of 1940, it was fully joined with it in a new Amt called Sobernheim. In 1969, the Amt of Sobernheim became the Verbandsgemeinde of Sobernheim. In 1990, Kirschroth placed third at the state level in the contest Unser Dorf soll schöner werden (“Our village should become lovelier”).

Paragraph 14: Harold Charles Schonberg was born in Washington Heights, Manhattan in New York City, New York on 29 November 1915. His parents were David and Minnie (Kirsch) Schonberg, and he had a brother (Stanley) and a sister (Edith). His aunt, Alice Frisca was an early influence and his first music teacher; she was a former concert pianist, and had studied with Leopold Godowsky. He started piano lessons with Frisca at four years old, and "discovered early on that he had a superb musical memory that allowed him to remember pieces in great detail after a single hearing". Schonberg himself cited the first performance he saw at the Metropolitan Opera around age 12 as particularly formative to his musical upbringing. A performance of Richard Wagner's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg with the conductor Artur Bodanzky, he would later write on the experience 39 years later, reflecting on the opera's opening chord that it "rose to the dress circle, and he felt as though he could reach out, touch it, caress it. He had been to concerts before, but somehow, in this vast dark auditorium, there was a different feeling to the texture and even the organization of this chord. It sounded warm and cozy. It covered him like a blanket." In his recounting of the event, Schonberg claimed the experience as having inaugurated his desire to be a music critic. 

Paragraph 15: The 1976 season began with the Panthers ranked ninth in the AP preseason poll. The first game was at Notre Dame, where the Irish grew the grass long on the playing field in a failed attempt to slow down Dorsett, who had burned them for 303 rushing yards the year before. Their efforts were in vain as Dorsett ran for a 61-yard touchdown on Pitt's first play from scrimmage on the way to a 31–10 win. The season continued with a 42–14 win at Georgia Tech and a 36–19 win over Miami. On October 23, the Panthers travelled to Annapolis to face Navy during which Dorsett broke the NCAA career rushing record on a 32-yard touchdown run in Pitt's 45–0 victory. Dorsett's achievement prompted a mid-game celebration in which even Navy saluted the feat with a cannon blast. Pitt next defeated eastern rival Syracuse 23–13, and on November 6, number two ranked Pitt easily handled Army while number one ranked Michigan lost to Purdue. For the first time since 1939, the Pitt Panthers were the number one ranked team in the country. The following week, they successfully defended their top rating in a close Backyard Brawl against rival West Virginia. With a record of 10–0, the Panthers headed into their regular season finale with only heated instate rival Penn State standing in the way of Pitt's national title aspirations. At a packed Three Rivers Stadium on the day after Thanksgiving, the Nittany Lions held Dorsett to 51 yards in the first half and had the game tied 7-7. Majors adjusted for the second half by shifting Dorsett from tailback to fullback, enabling him to explode for an additional 173 yards as Pitt rolled to a 24–7 victory that capped an undefeated regular season. In December, Dorsett became the first Pitt Panther to win the Heisman Trophy as the nation's best college football player. Dorsett also won the Maxwell Award, the Walter Camp Player of the Year Award, and was named UPI Player of the Year. The 11-0 Panthers accepted an invitation to the 1977 Sugar Bowl to face second ranked Georgia. Pitt defeated the Bulldogs 27-3 and was voted number one in both the final Associated Press and Coaches polls, claiming their ninth national championship. This was Pitt's first undefeated national championship since 1937. The American Football Coaches Association (AFCA) named Majors the 1976 Coach of the Year. Following this historic season, Majors returned to his alma mater, the University of Tennessee, to take the head coaching job.

Paragraph 16: At the Royal Rumble, AJ Styles defeated Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn in a handicap match to retain the WWE Championship, although Owens, who was pinned, was not the legal man. On the following episode of SmackDown, Owens and Zayn interrupted 2018 Men's Royal Rumble winner Shinsuke Nakamura and said that they should be the co-WWE Champions, but the referee failed at his job. Styles and Nakamura then teamed up and defeated Owens and Zayn. During the match, there were tensions between Owens and Zayn as a result of General Manager Daniel Bryan scheduling them to face each other the following week to determine the number one contender for the WWE Championship at Fastlane. Their match ended in a double disqualification, however, as Styles was provoked by Zayn and attacked both men, leading to Bryan scheduling a triple threat match between the three for the title. Commissioner Shane McMahon then announced on Twitter that the winner of a match between Dolph Ziggler and Baron Corbin the following week would be added to the championship match to make it a fatal four-way. Before that match started, Owens and Zayn attacked Corbin in the backstage area and later went after Ziggler to prevent either from being added. In response, Shane scheduled Owens to face Corbin and Zayn to face Ziggler, with both Corbin and Ziggler being added if they won their respective matches, while also threatening that if Owens or Zayn interfered in the other's match, that person would be removed from the title match. Corbin and Ziggler won their respective matches, thus making it a fatal five-way for the WWE Championship at Fastlane. On the February 27 episode, free agent John Cena, who was unsuccessful in becoming the number one contender for Raw's Universal Championship at Elimination Chamber two nights prior, made his return to SmackDown, determined to earn a match at WrestleMania 34. Bryan gave him the opportunity to be added to the WWE Championship match at Fastlane if he could defeat Styles in a non-title match. Cena defeated Styles, turning the championship match into a six-pack challenge. A brawl then ensued between all six competitors. To keep himself from being interrupted, Cena used his free agent status and appeared on the March 5 episode of Raw and said that he would break his and Ric Flair's tied record and become a 17-time world champion, and said that Styles should use his rematch clause to make the WWE Championship match at WrestleMania a triple threat match with Nakamura. On the final SmackDown before the pay-per-view, Owens and Zayn caused a double disqualification in a match between Styles and Ziggler; a five-way match with the addition of Corbin was scheduled, which saw Zayn score the win by turning on and pinning Owens.

Paragraph 17: The NROOGD Tradition of the Craft originated in 1967 with a group of friends (including e.l.f. Silverlocke, Glen Turner, Judy Greenwood, and Aidan Kelly). e.l.f. Silverlocke was taking a class at San Francisco State College, which gave her the assignment of creating and leading a ritual. She came up with the idea of recreating a Witches' Sabbath, using published sources from Robert Graves, Margaret Murray and Gerald Gardner, a ritual was composed that has served as the basis of NROOGD practice ever since. After repeat performances of this rite yielded results on a number of occasions, a decision was made to create a group identity and train others in its performance.

Paragraph 18: A weak circulation developed along the axis of a trough situated offshore North Carolina in early September, with a tropical depression forming on September 3. The depression moved southward and likely dissipated by the next day. An inverted trough and a tropical wave merged and briefly developed into a tropical depression well offshore Georgia on September 11. By the next day, the circulation had either dissipated or merged with a cold front. A strong tropical wave developed into a tropical depression between the Cape Verde Islands and Senegal on September 21. Moving generally westward, the depression was last noted between the islands of Fogo and Santiago on September 22. The latter island observed sustained winds of . On October 2, a tropical depression likely formed over the eastern Gulf of Mexico about  south of Panama City, Florida. The depression continued westward and may have made landfall in Texas just north of Corpus Christi on October 5. However, there is no evidence of a closed circulation beyond October 3. A tropical depression – possibly subtropical – formed on October 28 over the central Gulf of Mexico. The depression moved northward and made landfall near the Alabama–Mississippi state line on October 31 and quickly dissipated. Pensacola, Florida, recorded a 5-minute wind gust of . The depression dropped mostly light rainfall in the area, with 24-hour amounts ranging from .

Paragraph 19: In the summer of 1915, after attending officer training camp in Plattsburgh, New York, for a proposed volunteer army (an outgrowth of the movement to prepare the United States for entry into World War I) and earning a commendation as a marksman, Heidelberger traveled to Lake Kezar in Maine for a vacation. After performing Pergolese's Nina there, his piano accompanist exclaimed, "meet Nina," and in walked a young lady, Nina Tachau. They were married in 1916 to the strains of a wedding march composed by Heidelberger. She was a writer and activist for the New York chapter of the League of Women Voters and, during the 1940s, for the American Association for the United Nations. After her death from cancer in 1946, Heidelberger continued her work on behalf of the United Nations, and was a member of the U.S. delegation to meetings of the World Federation of United Nations Organizations in Prague, Bangkok, and other cities. He met his second wife Charlotte Rosen at a concert. She was the violist in a Mozart trio in which Heidelberger performed. They married in 1956. For ten years prior to her death in 1988, he took care of her at home while she suffered from Alzheimer's disease.

Paragraph 20: According to the content there are basically three forms of FDI: establishing new branch, acquiring control share of an existing firm, and participating jointly in a domestic firm. As Albanian economy has changed from a centrally planned to a market oriented one, FDI is seen as an important component of the transition process toward a market-led economic system, since it contributes to the development of a country through multiple channels (Kukeli, et al., 2006; Kukeli, 2007). In their study, a limited number of successful mobile networks entry cases have been selected for deep investigation of entry models in Albania, to find out the most important and efficient determinants of foreign mobile networks entry into Albania's telecommunication market in the future as well. It provides a successful Albanian business experience for the newcomers in mobile telecommunications industry. With its developing market economy, Albania offers many opportunities for investors-property as labour costs are low, the young and educated population is ready to work, and tariffs and other legal restrictions are low in many cases and are being eliminated in some others (Albinvest, 2010). Location of Albania in itself offers a notable trade potential, especially with EU markets, since it shares borders with Greece and Italy. In the last years Albania has entered the free trade agreements with Balkan Countries creating the opportunity for trade throughout the region. As Albanian economy tends to grow, the prospects and opportunities of multinational enterprises (MNEs) to invest in Albania for a long-term period has increased also. However, after the transition to democracy since 1992, the country has taken a long way in terms of economic, political and social life (Ministry of Economy 2004, p. 9-10). Demirel (2008) finds all of these changes to form the strengths of Albania in terms of FDI. In his study Demirel (2008) emphasizes that Albania has one of the most friendly investment environments in the region of the South- Eastern European Countries (SEECs) with her impressive economic performance in the last decade, liberal economic legislation, rapid privatisation process and country specific advantages. By taking into account all of these factors, the aim of this study is to offer a new perspective by the case studies of foreign telecommunications companies, which form the majority of MNEs in this field, by finding the most significant determinants before entering into Albania, with a successful entry strategy and crucial consideration of FDI in Albania. It is crucially important to find the determinants and factors that affect multinational firms when deciding on their entry modes, in order to successfully compete in the Albanian mobile telecoms industry. There are four operators in these industries; two of the leading firms expand rapidly in Albania by utilizing successful and aggressive entry strategies, and the other ones are new entries in Albanian market. Lin (2008) emphasizes that the evaluation of the entry modes’ determinants is better to be applied in some main theories and models such as transaction cost theory, eclectic theory and internationalization model, which serve as theoretical foundation in these kind of studies, where host-country condition, political and economic context, and organization capabilities are important factors and require major consideration.

Paragraph 21: Royal Rangers is an adventure-based, merit-driven, faith-based, church ministry and mentoring program for boys in grades K-12, providing “Christlike character formation and servant leadership development for boys and young men in a highly relational and fun environment". The Royal Rangers program is active throughout the United States as well as in over 90 other nations; consequently, in 2002, 'Royal Rangers International' (RRI) was started. Royal Rangers in the USA is a boys-only program, unless the church does not have a girls ministry program; programs in some other nations allow both boys and girls to participate. The uniforms, mottos, practices and operation are derived from the Boy Scouts.

Paragraph 22: Adebisi began as a minor character; a member of the Homeboys and lieutenant of leader Jefferson Keane. He is first shown threatening to rape new cellmate Tobias Beecher on the latter's first night in prison. Like Keane and most of the other Homeboys, he immediately clashes with new muslim inmate Kareem Said, whose strict religious values oppose the Homeboys' reputation for drug abuse and violence. After Kareem begins to change Jefferson's mind and eventually converts him to Islam, Adebisi remains opposed, calling Said's teachings "bullshit" and continuing to side with the rest of the Homeboys. Following Keane's execution in Episode 4, Paul Markstrom takes over as the new leader of the Homeboys until Adebisi and Kenny Wangler kill him when it is discovered he is an undercover cop. Adebisi then takes over as the new leader and immediately partners in the drug trade with the Wiseguys, the prison's Italian gang. Their boss Nino Schibetta is shown to respect his leadership skills, seeing him as the best drug player among the black inmates. Adebisi, who works in the kitchen and sees himself as the boss, later grows annoyed with Schibetta after he instates Ryan O'Reily as the new boss of the kitchen. O'Reily however immediately begins to plot Schibetta's death, pitching to Adebisi the idea to insert crushed glass into Schibetta's food, which will slowly but painfully kill him. Adebisi agrees and the two form somewhat of an alliance, successfully carrying out their plan over the following weeks as Schibetta is eventually killed in episode 7. In the Season 1 finale, Adebisi, along with O'Reily, Said, Miguel Alvarez and Scott Ross, is one of the leaders of the Emerald City riot, representing the Homeboys. Throughout the episode, Adebisi and the rest of his gang are constantly seen abusing heroin, until they run out and are unable to source any more in the wake of the riot. Adebisi suffers a breakdown from the withdrawal, begging Said for more heroin, or "tits", as it is referred to in Oz; he and the rest of the Homeboys are subsequently tied up and taken prisoner by the other inmates towards the end of the standoff between the inmates and guards. In that episode, it is revealed that Adebisi's crime  was exploited to have swept the previous governor out of office and gave Governor James Devlin his opening to reinstate the death penalty, which later resulted in Keane's execution.

Paragraph 23: Revolution broke out in Spain in July 1936, marking what quickly came to be seen as the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War. Thanks to his engineering skills and training Bibbi was initially involved in the urgent tasks around reconfiguring and reorganising a range of production facilities in the industrial areas surrounding Valencia. The timelines in the sources become somewhat blurred in respect of his activities during the Civil War years between 1936 and 1939. There are references to his having used his piloting skills, for instance in terms of "flying reconnaissance flights", but having moved on quite soon after finding that the republican air force had come under the control of "Stalinist" elements. His activities during the Civil War evidently also involved him in frequent travel between Valencia and Barcelona and further afield, notably to Paris. It was in Paris that on 13 October 1936 Bibbi was suddenly arrested and sentenced to an eight-day prison sentence in respect of a new "infringement of a decree of expulsion". Back in Spain, it appears that he was keen to enlist as an aviator, to judge by a surviving message dated 3 November 1936, and sent from the Italian consulate in Tunis to the Interior Ministry in Rome, though the message in question is not entirely clear on the point. In December 1936 he was arrested by the local (republican) police and narrowly avoided being lynched by a crowd that quickly gathered round and accused him of being a "Mussolini spy". His life was saved only through the intervention of the Valencia regional CNT (trades union confederation) and the local council from Gandia, the nearby village in which he was still living with his family. During this part of the civil war he seems to have engaged in "unseen warfare", engaged in sabotage actions behind the frontlines, and in "arms procurement and smuggling" on behalf of republican fighters. Bibbi was nevertheless hampered in his effectiveness not just by the surveillance squads monitoring the role of Italian exiled anarchists in the fighting, but also by the constant attentions of Togliatti's "secret police". Togliatti's first loyalty was not to any Italian party but to Stalin, whom many across Europe on the non-anarchist political left continued to view as the best hope for a non-fascist future. It was Togliatti who is believed to have ordered and choreographed the deaths of Berneri and Francesco Barnieri during May 1937.

Paragraph 24: After the re-fit, she operated from Scapa Flow escorting Arctic convoys through the long Arctic nights of late 1943.  From 1944, she patrolled the English Channel in preparation for the Normandy Landings.  In this capacity, she closely co-operated with the Canadian Tribal-class destroyers  and .  For the invasion, she patrolled the channel and guarded against German surface ships in the Southwest Approaches and the Bay of Biscay area.  On 9 June, a German destroyer group was found off Brittany and engaged by Ashanti, Huron, Haida, as well as , , and the Polish destroyers  and  in the Battle of Ushant. The Kriegsmarine ship  was driven ashore and wrecked,  was severely damaged and , the ex-Dutch destroyer Gerard Callenburgh, was sunk. Her last action in the war was prevention of the evacuation of German personnel from France.  On 5 August 1944, she engaged a German convoy off the Île d'Yeu and sank two escort minesweepers and a Patrol Vessel.  Haida was damaged in the engagement. Ashanti was then taken in for an extensive and expensive re-fit and played no further part in the fighting.  Other Royal Navy Tribal-class destroyers were sent to Asia to fight against the Empire of Japan.

Paragraph 25: With Willoughby's ambush plan ruined, the scattered boats sought to rejoin Nereide, passing directly through the French squadron. Although several boats were in danger of being run down by the French ships and one even bumped alongside Minerve, all eventually rejoined Nereide safely. The opportunity to cause significant damage to the French in the narrow channel had been lost, with Bellone joining the squadron in passing through the channel with minimal resistance. In addition to British losses in the explosion at the fort, two men had been killed and one wounded on Nereide. French losses were more severe, Minerve suffered 23 casualties and Ceylon eight. With both sides recognising that further action was inevitable, Willoughby sent a boat to Sirius requesting additional assistance and Duperré sent a message overland with Lieutenant Morice, requesting support from Hamelin's squadron (Morice fell from his horse during the mission and was severely injured). Command of Victor passed to Henri Moisson. In the afternoon, Willoughby used mortars on Île de la Passe to shell the French squadron, forcing Duperré to retreat into the shallow harbour at Grand Port and Willoughby subsequently sent officers into Grand Port on 21 August under a flag of truce, demanding the release of Victor, which he insisted had surrendered and should thus be handed over to the blockade squadron as a prize. Duperré refused to consider the request. One French ship had failed to enter the channel off Grand Port: the captured East Indiaman Windham. Early on 21 August, her French commander attempted to shelter in Rivière Noire. Sirius spotted the merchant ship under the batteries there and sent two boats into the anchorage, stormed the ship and brought her out without a single casualty, despite the boarding party having forgotten to take any weapons with them and being only armed with wooden foot-stretchers wielded as clubs.

Paragraph 26: While the US Army deactivated its heavy armor units with the reception of the new M60 series main battle tanks in 1963, the remaining M103s stayed within the US Marine Corps inventory until they began receiving the M60 series main battle tank. With the disappearance of the heavy tank from US forces came the full acceptance of the main battle tank in 1960 for the US Army, and 1973 for the US Marine Corps. Although the later M1 Abrams main battle tank utilizes the same caliber of main gun, 120 mm, the M103's cannon was a rifled gun firing a separate-loading round, in which the projectile was loaded into the breech, followed by a cartridge case consisting of a brass case, primer, and propellant in a fixed unit. This separate-loading system necessitated the use of two loaders. The only part of the cartridge case consumed during firing was the propellant and a plastic cap on the end of the brass cartridge case. The spent brass cartridge case was ejected after firing. The M1 tank's 120 mm main gun is a smooth bore firing a semi-caseless round, ejecting only a back cap of the original loaded round; the bulk of the M1's 120 mm shell casing is consumed during firing.

Paragraph 27: The Grant County Airport was dedicated on November 30, 1951, serving the communities of Silver City, Hurley, Lordsburg, and Deming, New Mexico, as well as smaller communities in the so-called "Mining District," including Arenas Valley, Fort Bayard, Central (now Santa Clara), Bayard, and Santa Rita.The next day, on December 1, 1951 Frontier Airlines began operating flights from the airport as a stop on their route from El Paso to Phoenix, which also included stops at Clifton, Safford, and Tucson, Arizona. Before the opening of the Grant County Airport, the airline was serving local airports in Deming, NM and Lordsburg, NM; however, service to those cities was then discontinued. By 1956 the route to Phoenix was modified to originate in Albuquerque rather than El Paso and service to Clifton and Safford was later discontinued which made for nonstop flights from Silver City to Tucson and Phoenix. At that time and on into the mid-1960s, the airline was flying the Douglas DC-3. Later, Frontier served the airport with larger Convair 340 prop aircraft followed by Convair 580 turboprops. Frontier's flights to Tucson and Phoenix were discontinued in 1974 and a small commuter carrier, Zia Airlines, began flights to Albuquerque with Cessna 402 and Handley Page Jetstream propjets in 1976. In the midst of growing into an all jet airline, Frontier ended their service in late 1979. Zia Airlines went out of business in early 1980 and Air Midwest began operating later that year under an Essential Air Service (EAS) contract with flights to Albuquerque using Swearingen Metroliner aircraft. Another commuter, Airways of New Mexico, operated flights to El Paso for a short time in 1980 as well. In 1985 the EAS contract was shifted from Air Midwest to Mesa Airlines which came to Silver City with service to Albuquerque using Beechcraft 99 and Beechcraft 1900D. Mesa's flights continued for 20 years until 2005 when the EAS contract was awarded to Great Lakes Airlines. Great Lakes started service with flights to Albuquerque, also using Beech 1900D's, but switched the flights to Phoenix in late 2012. Great Lakes ended all service in late 2014 and the EAS contract was then awarded to Boutique Air which began service in early 2015. Boutique provided flights to both Albuquerque and Phoenix using Pilatus PC-12 aircraft for four years until the EAS contract was then transferred to Advanced Air. Advanced Air began service in early 2019 with similar service to Albuquerque and Phoenix but uses a larger, multi engine, Beechcraft Super King Air model 350. Two other commuter airlines that served the Silver City to El Paso market for short periods were Aztec Airlines in 1966 and Turner Air in 1985.

Paragraph 28: With the rapid weakening erosion of the authority of the Qing dynasty in 1840s–1850s, Korea resisted traditional subservience to China.  Japan was rapidly modernizing in the second half of the 19th century but worried that China or Russia would use Korea to threaten Japan. With the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1876, Japan decided the expansion of their settlement, the addition of the market and acquired an enclave in Busan. A severe conflict at court between Heungseon Daewongun, the biological father of Gojong (king of the Joseon Dynasty), and Gojong's wife Empress Myeongseong continued. In 1882, Daewongun was seized by the Qing military, and confined in Tianjin City (Jingo Incident). The Min clan including Queen Min assumed authority, but relations between Korea and Japan did not turn better, the Min clan changing their policies from being pro-Japanese to pro-Qing China. When Japan beat China in 1895 in the First Sino-Japanese War, the Treaty of Shimonoseki was concluded, and removed China's suzerainty over Korea. Japan became alarmed when Russia enhanced its grip and influence over the Korean peninsula by acquiring vital state assets such as the mining rights in Chongsong and Gyeongwon sold off by Queen Min, such as timber rights in the north, and tariff rights, so it purchased back and restored many of these. Japan's victory against China in the First Sino-Japanese War, released Korea from China's tributary system and the Treaty of Shimonoseki forced China to acknowledge Korea as an "independent" nation. Japan began the process of invading Korea; however, the Min clan, including the Queen Min, started attempts to protect Korea from the rise of Japanese power in Korea. In 1895, Queen Min was gang raped, assassinated and then burned in public by Japan's military, in retaliation for her efforts to promote Russian influence and resist the Japanese invasion. The brutal assassination of the queen was a traumatic event, given Queen Min's popularity among the Korean people. The Gabo Reform and the assassination of Empress Myeongseong generated backlash against Japanese presence in Korea; it caused some Confucian scholars, as well as farmers, to form over 60 successive righteous armies to fight for Korean freedom on the Korean peninsula.

Paragraph 29: Roger Ebert gave the film 2.5 stars out of 4 and wrote, "The character that Goldie Hawn creates in this movie is so refreshing and so interesting that they should have gone ahead and made the extra effort and written an intelligent screenplay about her." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune awarded 2 stars out of 4 and wrote that it played like a "bad sequel" to Hawn's earlier hit, Private Benjamin. Siskel suggested that "it might have been intended as some kind of emotional Frank Capra film with Hawn in the Jimmy Stewart role. But Stewart never would have stood for all the grade-Z slapstick material here, including a truly pathetic, protracted barroom brawl scene in which an Arab stereotype (André Gregory in a humiliating role) is turned on by sado-masochism." Vincent Canby of The New York Times wrote, "Though everything in 'Protocol' has been most carefully contrived, it has been contrived by talented people, particularly by Mr. Henry." Variety stated, "Moving far away from the disaster of 'Swing Shift' and back toward the smash success of 'Private Benjamin,' Hawn is once again properly bubbly (and brainy), but one big problem here is an oh-so-obvious effort to reinvent the formula that boosted 'Benjamin' to new heights." Paul Attanasio of The Washington Post called it "the kind of corny screwball comedy you thought nobody made anymore. By the end, its ersatz political moralism is almost too much to take; but buoyed by Buck Henry's often hilarious script, a wiggy performance by Goldie Hawn as a not-so-dumb blond, and director Herbert Ross' sure comic touch, 'Protocol' is pleasant piffle for a Sunday afternoon." Michael Wilmington of the Los Angeles Times wrote that "Goldie Hawn is likable—even if this movie (which might actually be subtitled 'Private Benjamin' Goes to Washington') is not." Kim Newman of The Monthly Film Bulletin wrote that the movie's most obvious influence was the 1950 film Born Yesterday, "but without displaying any understanding of why it worked so well. Its most explicit borrowing is from what now seems Born Yesterday's most embarrassing scene—the dumb blond being converted to committed patriotism by reading the original Constitution and touring Washington's state monuments."

Paragraph 30: When HUD finished terminating its interests in the project in 1977 the completed structures from the new city were one of the educational and community facilities, one of the community pools, one of the community parks, underground infrastructure (Electric, Water, Sewer, Gas and Cable TV) and a water treatment facility.  The original educational and community facility housed the entire K-12 school system until the 1980s when Richard Mann Elementary was built on the site of the former community garden at 1366 Waterford Road.  After renovations the HUD-financed facility contained grades 6-12 until the early 2000s, when the completion of Ruben A. Cirillo high school meant that the original building would only house grades 6-8 and the District offices.  The single completed community pool was at 3290 Wildflower Drive and was operated by the community until the early 1990s when financial difficulties caused the property to be sold to the YMCA of Greater Rochester.  It operated as a YMCA facility until the early 2000s when it shut down for the last time.  The pool and original pool building still exist though now as part of a private residence.  The community did not lose access to a public pool though as the opening of Ruben A. Cirillo high school also brought about major renovations and additions to Richard Mann Elementary, one of which was an indoor pool open to the public.  The only completed public park was Fox Tail Park, located in the center of the area Wildflower drive encircles.  It originally contained a full playground and sports fields of which only the sports fields remain (presently used by the Middle School).  The playground was removed in the early 1990s for a new parking lot and gym addition on the present-day Middle school. In 2018 a new playground was built at the Gananda Elementary School. The older grass sports field was also replaced with AstroTurf, new track, bleachers, and security fencing. In addition to these buildings, Gananda is still unique from its neighboring towns in the sense that all utility lines are buried underground whereas once one leaves Gananda utilities are once again carried above ground by utility poles.  When HUD discontinued its financial backing of the project the roadbed for both sides of a four-lane Gananda Parkway had already been constructed from Eddy Road to almost Walworth/Penfield Road, State Route 441 (itself slated to have been widened to a four-lane highway had the City of Gananda ever come to fruition).  However, with funding from the original project gone, only one side was completed which forms the current Gananda Parkway.  The roadbed for the other side of the original four-lane Gananda Parkway is still visible in person as well as via satellite imagery and an easement still exists if population growth ever warrants its completion.