Paragraph 1: Barb Lien-Cooper of Sequential Tart called the series "Japan's answer to Stanley and His Monster." Lien-Cooper remarked that the series "starts out like it's only going to be your standard cute anime with only slight hints of supernatural doings", and later it "changes into something BETTER than before. The episodes start working as credible horror anime, as well as above-average teen comedy anime." Lien-Cooper lamented that due to its "disturbing" violence and sexual references the series cannot be recommended to small children, but stated that "bigger kids through adults" should like it. Stephen D. Grant of THEM Anime Reviews called the concept of the series "amazingly cheap and contrived when you read about it, but manages to blow you away in just about every way." Grant stated that the comedy of the series is well handled, but pointed out that its gory scenes "bordered on the gratuitous level" and that they are "definitely not for the weak of heart at times." Grant added: "Ushio and Tora is an awesome series that lets plot take a back seat to character development to great effect." Jonathan Mays of Anime News Network commented: "Ushio & Tora fits all of the stereotypes of bad shonen anime: ugly character designs, lots of fighting, and a "save the female love interest" plot line. However, get past all of that and you have a genuinely funny OAV series", adding as well that it is "worth watching once." Bamboo Dong of the same website called it "one of those shows that so stupid it's cute", and compared it to Inuyasha, recommending to watch said series instead of Ushio & Tora. Dong commented that despite its violence, the series is able to remain funny, but that the jokes "get re-hashed often and have a tendency to get old very quickly." Dong ultimately labeled the series as "mediocre" and that the story "would have done so much better had it been given the time and energy to develop further." Todd Ciolek of the same website called Ushio & Tora as a "not-unwatchable demon-hunting series."

Paragraph 2: The Fascist movement in Italy was a spontaneous movement of large masses, with new leaders from the rank and file. It is a plebeian movement in origin, directed and financed by big capitalist powers. It issued forth from the petty bourgeoisie, the slum proletariat and even to a certain extent, from the proletarian masses, Mussolini, a former socialist, is a “self-made” man arising from this movement.The movement in Germany is analogous mostly to the Italian movement. It is a mass movement, with its leaders employing a great deal of socialist demagogy. This is necessary for the creation of the mass movement.The genuine basis is the petty bourgeoisie. In Italy it is a very large base – the petty bourgeoisie of the towns and cities, and the peasantry. In Germany likewise, there is a large base for Fascism. In England there is less of that base because the proletariat is the overwhelming majority of the population: the peasant or farming stratum only an insignificant section.It may be said, and this is true to a certain extent, that the new middle class, the functionaries of the state, the private administrators, etc., etc., can constitute such a base. But this is a new question that must be analyzed. This is a supposition. It is necessary to analyze just what it will be. It is necessary to foresee the Fascist movement growing from this or that element. But this is only a perspective which is controlled by events. I am not affirming that it is impossible for a Fascist movement to develop in England or for a Mosley or someone else to become a dictator. This is a question for the future. It is a far-fetched possibility.To speak of it now as an imminent danger is not a prognosis but a mere prophecy. In order to be capable of foreseeing anything in the direction of Fascism, it is necessary to have a definition of that idea. What is Fascism? What is its base, its form and its characteristics? How will its development take place?

Paragraph 3: For example, in sonar, to send a sharp pulse of underwater sound towards a ship in the distance, simply simultaneously transmitting that sharp pulse from every sonar projector in an array fails because the ship will first hear the pulse from the speaker that happens to be nearest the ship, then later pulses from speakers that happen to be further from the ship. The beamforming technique involves sending the pulse from each projector at slightly different times (the projector closest to the ship last), so that every pulse hits the ship at exactly the same time, producing the effect of a single strong pulse from a single powerful projector. The same technique can be carried out in air using loudspeakers, or in radar/radio using antennas.

Paragraph 4: In July 2017, it was reported that the station's nightly news program, Nine News Darwin, would move its studio presentation from Darwin to Nine's Brisbane studios and replace local weekend bulletins with delayed broadcasts of the Queensland bulletin. The last standalone edition of Nine News Darwin aired on 8 September 2017. The bulletin returned on Monday 11 September 2017, in a new regional hub in Brisbane. The changes were heavily criticised by the public, with 12 employees at the network being made redundant or offered redeployment in other locations. After the initial cuts, the newsroom was left with a chief of staff, four reporters and four camera operators filing reports interstate. Subsequent cuts further reduced the newsroom with a chief of staff, three reporters and three camera operators.

Paragraph 5: Caseids measured from less than  to  in length. They had a small head wider than high and with a forward-inclined snout, a very short neck, a long tail, robust forelimbs, and a body of variable proportions depending on their diet. Small insectivorous species like Eocasea had an unexpanded trunk. Others with an omnivorous diet like Martensius had a barely enlarged rib cage, a more elongated skull, smaller nostrils, and a snout less inclined forward than in herbivorous caseids. The latter were characterized by their disproportionately small skull compared to the size of the body. The postcranial skeleton indeed shows a spectacular increase in the volume of the rib cage, which becomes very wide and barrel-shaped, probably to accommodate a particularly developed intestine, necessary for the digestion of high-fiber rich plants. In these forms, the skull has very large external nostrils and a very short facial region with a strong forward inclination of the end of the snout which clearly overhangs the dental row. The temporal fenestrae are also relatively large (especially in Ennatosaurus), the supratemporals are large in size, and, on the occipital surface, the paroccipital processes are massively developed, establishing strong supporting contacts with the squamosals. The dorsal surface of the skull is covered with numerous small pits. These suggest the presence of large scales on the head of these animals. Numerous labial foramina running parallel to the ventral edge of the premaxilla and maxilla, as well as along the dorsal edge of the dentary, suggest the presence of scaly "lips" which must have concealed the dentition when the jaws were closed. The teeth, simply conical and pointed in insectivorous species, adopt in herbivorous species a leafy or spatulate morphology and are provided with more or less numerous cuspules. Numerous small teeth also adorned several bones of the palate. Herbivorous species do not show a simple evolutionary trend towards increasing tooth complexity. Thus, the teeth of the basal taxa Casea and Arisierpeton have three cuspules just like in the more derived forms Cotylorhynchus and Caseopsis. Ennatosaurus and Euromycter, which occupy an intermediate phylogenetic position, have teeth bearing 5 to 7 cuspules and 5 to 8 cuspules respectively. Angelosaurus, one of the most derived caseids, has teeth with 5 cuspules. In Angelosaurus the teeth have a bulbous morphology with very short and wide crowns. Their sturdiness and the significant wear they show, indicate that Angelosaurus must have fed on tougher plants than those on which most other herbivorous caseids fed. Herbivorous caseids also show very different dietary adaptations from those seen in another group of basal synapsids, the Edaphosauridae. The latter had, in addition to the marginal dentition, a dental battery made up of numerous teeth located both on the palate and on the inner surface of the lower jaws. In herbivorous caseids, the palatal teeth are smaller, and the inner surface of the lower jaws bears no teeth. Instead of a dental battery, they had a massive tongue (as indicated by the presence of a highly developed hyoid apparatus found in Ennatosaurus and Euromycter) perhaps rough, with which they had to compress food against the palatal teeth.

Paragraph 6: On 8 March, the BoM started to monitor a weak tropical low over Western Australia. The system was later designated as 16U a few days later. Due to an increase in convection, both the BoM and JTWC upgraded the system to a Category 1 tropical cyclone, naming it Olwyn on 11 March. Just before 12 March, Olwyn rapidly developed a ragged eye, as the BoM upgraded the system to a Category 3 severe tropical cyclone. Early on 13 March, Olwyn reached its peak strength of  as the JTWC classified it as a Category 2 cyclone. However, after a few hours, the JTWC downgraded it to a Category 1 cyclone as it weakened from land interaction. On the same day, Olwyn made landfall over southwestern Australia as a weakening cyclone. Rapidly weakening inland, it emerged on the Southern Ocean as a decaying remnant low. It dissipated onwards. Olwyn caused extensive damage along the coast of Western Australia, from Onslow to Kalbarri. In preparation for the storm, the Pilbara Ports authority closed the ports of Dampier and Ashburton. The entire workforce on Barrow Island was evacuated to the island's cyclone shelter.  wind gusts and  of rain was recorded on the island as it was brushed by Olwyn. Upon landfall, a maximum wind gust of  was recorded at Learmonth. Moderate property damage occurred at nearby Exmouth, with several houses being inundated with floodwater after  of rain fell in 24 hours. Trees were uprooted and power was cut for several days. The Exmouth Yacht Club sustained heavy damage from Olwyn's storm surge. Damage was more severe further south at Carnarvon where most houses are not built to cyclone standards, unlike in Exmouth. Olwyn passed over the town at category 3 status, unroofing and severely damaging multiple houses, while many sheds and outbuildings were totally destroyed. The town's water and power facilities were damaged, leaving the area without water and electricity supplies for days. The entire banana crop in the Carnarvon area was destroyed by the storm's high winds and flooding. The Gascoyne River experienced its most severe flood since 2010 due to rains from Olwyn. One person sustained life-threatening injuries in a storm-related car accident, he was later on pronounced dead when he died in hospital from his injuries. Total damage in Carnarvon was estimated to be in excess of A$100 million (US$76.3 million), and Olwyn has been noted as the most severe cyclone to have hit the town since 1950. A total of  of rain fell in 24 hours at Shark Bay from Olwyn, setting a record for the highest amount of rainfall recorded in March at what is normally the most arid place on the Australian coast. Minor property and tree damage occurred in Denham. Further south,  of rain and  wind gusts were reported in Geraldton. The remnant low of Olwyn caused  of rain across the Wheatbelt, which was beneficial for farmers in the area. Perth recorded  of rain and cooler temperatures as Olwyn's remnants moved into the Southern Ocean. On 15 March Olwyn's remnants brought severe storms to the Southern Western Australia. Olwyn was the first ex-tropical cyclone to affect Geraldton, the Wheatbelt region and Perth since  Cyclone Iggy in 2012.

Paragraph 7: Déjacque moved to New York in 1854 where, marked by the defeat of 1848, he violently denounced societal injustices - in particular the exploitation and the miserable living conditions of the proletariat, calling for a social revolution. His reflections on individual existence in the industrial and capitalist world led him to develop an original theory of universality and to advocate an uncompromising anarchist policy. In 1855, he signed the inaugural manifesto of an International association, which brought together French socialists, German communists, English chartists and was considered a predecessor of the International Workingmen's Association. Whilst staying in New Orleans from 1856 to 1858, he wrote his famous anarchist utopia L'Humanisphère, Utopie anarchique, but could not find a publisher. Returning to New York he was able to serialise his book in his periodical Le Libertaire, Journal du Mouvement social. Published in 27 issues from 9 June 1858 to 4 February 1861, Le Libertaire was the first anarcho-communist journal published in America. This was the first anarchist journal to use the term "libertarian". An uncompromising anarchist, Joseph Déjacque rejected any system of political representation or delegation that would lead the individual to abdicate his will by letting another express himself in his place. A partisan of the most complete freedom which he called "individual sovereignty", Déjacque is also known to have called for gender equality, in response to the misogyny of Pierre-Joseph Proudhon.

Paragraph 8:  Hallelooya (2016) as Father FrancisVillali Veeran (2014) as Pavithran Mizhi Thurakku (2014) as shuhaib SRP Avatharam (2014) Ladies and Gentleman (2013) Up & Down: Mukalil Oralundu (2013) as Siyad Ahemmed Spirit (2012) My Boss (2012) Sandwich (2011) Priyappetta Nattukare (2011) as G K Nakharam (2011) Four Friends (2010) Kaaryasthan (2010)Alexander the Great (2010) Janakan (2010)Ivar Vivahitharayal (2009) Red Chillies (2009)Swa Le (2009) as VishnuVellathooval (2009)Rahasya Police (2009) as Parampathu RajuKadha, Samvidhanam Kunchakko (2009) as SP Manoj Pothan Keralotsavam (2009) Sagar Alias Jacky Reloaded (2009)Veruthe Oru Bharya (2008) as DoctorAli Bhai(2007) as Therandi RamuHallo (2007) as Sudheesh NambiarPhotographer (2006)Vismayathumbathu (2004) as Medical college ProfessorKilichundan Mampazham (2003) as UmmarPilots (2000) as VinayachandranDada Sahib (2000) as Das Susanna(2000) as Johny Olympian Antony Adam (1999) as ASP Nasser IPSAayiram Meni (1999) as Lalichan (Actress Urvasi)Crime File (1999) as Raju NamasivayaF.I.R (1999) as Roy AlexUstaad (1999) as SethuThe Truth (1998) as Sit Team MemberVarnapakittu (1997) as TonichenAaram Thamburan (1997) as Ashok KumarGuru (1997)Kalyanappittannu (1997)Asuravamsam (1997) as Dr MohanAayiram Naavulla Ananthan (1996) as RajuMahatma The great (1996)Samoohyapadom (1996)The King (1995) as PrasadAgrajan (1995)Paavam I.A.Iwachan (1994) as Kozhinjampara LolanVishnu (1994) as ChandramohanRudraksham (1994) as Surendra ReddyCommisioner (1994) as PrasadNandini Oppol (1994) (Actress Sunitha)Pakshe (1994)Gamanam(1994) as BhasiEkalavyan (1993) as Unni Joseph MulaveedanSthalathe Pradhana Payyans (1993) as PrasannanManichithrathazhu (1993) as Dasappan KuttyCustoms Diary (1993) as JamalJanam (1993) as MaheshMafia (1993) as MurukanAmmayane Sathyam (1993) as CherianMahanagaram (1992) as RajuNeelakurukkan (1992) as Nassar Kizhakkan Pathrose (1992)Ootty Pattanam (1992) as Rama VarmaKasargod Khader Bhai (1992)Kaazhchakkppuram (1992) as VijayanManyanmaar (1992)Ardram (1992) as AbduNayam Vyakthamakkunnu (1991) as JournalistKilukkam (1991) as Justice Pillai's sonApoorvam Chilar (1991) as BennyKuttapathram (1991) as PeterNjan Gandharvan (1991) as PradeepKaakka Thollayiram (1991) as (Actress Urvasi)Abhimanyu (1991)Parallel College (1991) as VikramanPonnaranjanam (1990) as GilbertKottayam Kunjachan (1990) as MathanMaala Yogam (1990) as GeorgekuttyVeena Meettiya Vilangukal (1990)Aye Auto (1990) as SureshGajakesariyogam (1990) as Vasu (Actress Sunitha)Randam Varavu (1990) as TomyEenam Thettatha Kattaru (1989) as RajeshNair Saab (1989) as Cadet GaneshanJagratha (1989) as KumarAdharvam (1989) as Vishnu (Actress Parvathy)Vandanam (1989) as RaghuDevadas (1989) as Rajashekharan ThampiPuthiya Karukkal (1989) as SureshManasa Maine Varu (1988) as RajuMukthi (1988) as VinodSangham (1988) as AnilMrithyunjayam (1988) as RobinDhinarathrangal (1988)Janmandharam (1988) as MuraliChithram (1988) as Lissie's BrotherOru Muthassi Katha (1988) as UnnikrishnanKakkothikkavile Appooppan Thaadikal (1988)Oru Vivada Vishayam (1987) as UnniSarvakalashala (1987) as PancharaBhoomiyile Rajakkanmar (1987) as RajuKadhakku Pinnil (1987) as MohananCheppu (1987) as RanjithYuvajanotsavam (1986) as RajeevanSukhamo Devi (1986) as Chandran, Devi's brotherIrakal (1985) as Baby Television 

Paragraph 9: The symptoms that occur after a concussion have been described in various reports and writings for hundreds of years. The idea that this set of symptoms forms a distinct entity began to attain greater recognition in the latter part of the 19th century. John Erichsen, a surgeon from London, played an important role in developing the study of PCS. The controversy surrounding the cause of PCS began in 1866 when Erichsen published a paper about persisting symptoms after sustaining mild head trauma. He suggested that the condition was due to "molecular disarrangement" to the spine. The condition was originally called "railroad spine" because most of the injuries studied had happened to railroad workers. While some of his contemporaries agreed that the syndrome had an organic basis, others attributed the symptoms to psychological factors or to outright feigning. In 1879, the idea that a physical problem was responsible for the symptoms was challenged by Rigler, who suggested that the cause of the persisting symptoms was actually "compensation neurosis": the railroad's practice of compensating workers who had been injured was bringing about the complaints. Later, the idea that hysteria was responsible for the symptoms after a mild head injury was suggested by Charcot. Controversy about the syndrome continued through the 20th century. During World War I many soldiers with puzzling symptoms after being close to a detonation but without any evidence of a head wound. The illness was called shell shock, and a psychological explanation was eventually favoured. By 1934 the current concept of PCS had replaced ideas of hysteria as the cause of post-concussion symptoms. British authorities banned the term shell shock during World War II to avoid an epidemic of cases, and the term posttrauma concussion state was coined in 1939 to describe "disturbance of consciousness with no immediate or obvious pathologic change in the brain". The term postconcussion syndrome was in use by 1941.

Paragraph 10: Prior to becoming Blauvelt State Park, the property was known as Camp Bluefields, a large rifle range used primarily to train members of the New York National Guard. The rifle range occupied  of land and was touted in 1910 as being the largest in the country. The range's location was criticized almost immediately, and complaints of stray bullets being encountered in nearby residential areas were registered even before the range's official completion. The rifle range operated from soon after the state's initial purchase of the land in 1909 until its administration was transferred to the Palisades Interstate Park Commission in 1913.

Paragraph 11: On completion of his studies at Sherborne School, Bastard attended Wadham College, University of Oxford. He played in the Freshmen's Trial in May 1882, and collected four wickets in each innings, conceding just 35 runs from his 29 overs. His side, LML Owen's XI won by 79 runs. He played in two matches against the university's first team during his first year, opening the bowling for both the Freshmen side and the "Next XVI". He made his debut in first-class cricket that June, appearing for the university against the Marylebone Cricket Club. He claimed one wicket during the match, in which the university lost by an innings. Bastard appeared three times in first-class cricket for the university in 1883, and according to Geoffrey Bolton, author of History of the O.U.C.C, "was lucky to be chosen this year" to play in the University match against Cambridge University. Bastard was wicketless against Lancashire, and although he took three wickets in each innings against the MCC, John Foord-Kelcey took more wickets at a better average. Nevertheless, Bastard was preferred for the contest against Cambridge, thus gaining his Blue. Bastard claimed a wicket in each innings of the match, which Cambridge won by seven wickets. Bolton attributes the loss to a combination of the weather and Oxford's loss of the toss, which resulted in Cambridge batting first on a good batting pitch. Rain followed, and when Oxford batted, the pitch was described by Bolton as "really nasty".

Paragraph 12: Peter Petrelli escorts Nathan Petrelli, who is still confused over what had happened to him over the past week, to his first day back at work. The Haitian then arrives, informing Peter that Angela Petrelli had sent him to wipe their memories, but instead tells Peter he needs to know the truth and gives him the address of a storage facility. Although the Haitian had only intended Peter to find out, Peter brings Nathan along anyway, and discover a metal casket which contains the apparently embalmed corpse of Nathan. When Nathan touches what appears to be his dead self, bits and pieces of the events surrounding the death of Nathan (as shown in "An Invisible Thread") come into his mind, including Matt Parkman's attempt to push Sylar's thoughts out of his head and replace them with Nathan's and the real Nathan's death. The brothers decide to find Matt, who they discover is in critical condition and under guard in a Texas hospital. They sneak into Matt's room and Peter heals him, though Matt immediately warns them to leave. Matt tells the brothers the whole story: that the real Nathan is dead and lying in the storage unit as they saw for themselves. Peter seems unconvinced, but Nathan begins to believe him, pointing out that it's the only explanation to his newfound abilities. Sylar then takes control of Matt and attempts to convince Nathan that by touching him he can learn the whole truth; Sylar reveals to Matt that by touching him, he can transfer back to his original body. Peter attempts to keep Nathan away, only to have him flung away by telekinesis, as Nathan wishes to touch him. The guard learns of their presence and enters the room. He grabs Nathan, only to have him brush up against Matt's hand, allowing Sylar's mind to transfer back in, although Nathan remains in control. Nathan then flings the cop into a wall, grabs Peter, and flies them both away to the Grand Canyon. Although Matt is horrified that Sylar has returned to his original body, he is also relieved Sylar has left his, and using his telepathy, Matt sneaks out of the hospital. Nathan is devastated to think that he is really Sylar, while Peter grabs onto him, assuming his flight power, refusing to let Nathan go at it alone. Later, Nathan asks Peter how he can live knowing Nathan is really Sylar.

Paragraph 13: Brian Field quickly became successful in both his personal and professional lives, he married a pretty German girl named Karin and rose to be a solicitor's managing clerk for John Wheater & Co. Despite the fact that he was only 28 at the time of the robbery, he was already much more successful than his boss, John Wheater. Field drove a new Jaguar and had a house he called "Kabri" (an amalgam of Karin and Brian) with his wife at the Bridle Path, Whitchurch Hill, Oxfordshire, near Pangbourne, while his boss owned a battered Ford and lived in a rundown neighbourhood. Part of the reason for this is that Field was not averse to giving some of his less savoury clients good information on what some of his wealthier clients had in their country houses, making them prime targets for the thieves. Another key reason being that an honest solicitor was useless to a career criminal of that era. What was needed was a bent solicitor who could arrange for alibis and friendly witness statements and bribe police and witnesses. As the managing clerk at his law firm, Field was able to carry out these activities and encourage repeat business. On one occasion he described the contents and layout of a house near Weybridge where his wife Karin had once been a nanny to a couple of criminals that he represented at various times in his career, Gordon Goody and Buster Edwards. He had arranged Buster's defence when he had been caught with a stolen car, and later met Goody at a nightclub in Soho. Field was then called upon to assist in the defence of Goody in the aftermath of the "Airport Job" which was a robbery carried out on 27 November 1962 at a branch of Barclays Bank at London Airport. This was the big practice robbery that the South West Gang had done prior to their grand scheme – the Great Train Robbery. Field was successful in arranging bail for Goody and Charlie Wilson.

Paragraph 14: In the same year, 2010, Barve hosted Amhi Marathi Pora Hushar, a game show. In 2012, Barve hosted Zee Gaurav Puraskar, alongside Swwapnil Joshi. In 2012, she also became the brand ambassador of Suyog Group along with Swwapnil Joshi. In 2013, Barve turned producer with her own production house named after her friend Rasika Joshi. In 2014, Barve produced a poetry based theatre program, Rang Nava, with composer Milind Joshi, in the program, Barve also recited her own written poetry. Along with Rang Nava, she has also produced two plays Chhapa Kata and Lovebirds, in which she has also acted. On 7 December 2014, the first death anniversary of Vinay Apte, Barve wrote an article reviving memories of Apte for the Marathi daily newspaper, Loksatta. In 2014, she performed a scene from her play Kabaddi Kabaddi in the TV special program Vinay Ek Vadal. In 2015, she became a judge for 9X Jhakaas' Jhakaas Heroine (season 2). In 2015, she produced one more play, Indira under Rasika Productions, her production house. In 2015, Barve, along with some other actors, took initiative in an expedition, "Pakshi Vachva" started by the NGO Animals Matter To Me, for the protection of birds. Barve has written a poetry named "Shodh", which was published by Loksatta on 8 February 2016. Barve recently inaugurated a special two-day seminar Badalta Maharashtra, organised by the Marathi daily Loksatta International Women Day, 8 March 2016. She also shared her thoughts about the importance of women in Maharashtra in the special segment Karti Karviti of the same seminar inaugurated by her. Due to the demonetisation of Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes in India, theatre enthusiasts were not able to pay for and watch shows as the new notes of Rs. 500 and Rs. 2000 had just started to print. As a producer, Barve installed credit card and online payment systems for her theatre shows. In October 2016, Barve produced a yet another Marathi play, Deepsthamb under the banner of Rasika Productions and in association with Anamika Productions. In 2017, Barve turned into a radio jockey with a radio show named The Mukta Barve Show, which is a women-centric show and focuses on the issues faced by women. The income which Barve earns from the shows of her play CodeMantra is given to the Indian army's welfare fund. In August 2017, Barve posted photographs of unclean toilets at Pune Municipal Corporation-run Yashwantrao Chavan Sabhagurha and blamed the PMC for it, the civic body has finally woke up to the complaint by saying, that it will clean the toilets at its auditoriums every day.

Paragraph 15: Charles Eric Leiserson is a computer scientist, specializing in the theory of parallel computing and distributed computing, and particularly practical applications thereof. As part of this effort, he developed the Cilk multithreaded language.  He invented the fat-tree interconnection network, a hardware-universal interconnection network used in many supercomputers, including the Connection Machine CM5, for which he was network architect.  He helped pioneer the development of VLSI theory, including the retiming method of digital optimization with James B. Saxe and systolic arrays with H. T. Kung.  He conceived of the notion of cache-oblivious algorithms, which are algorithms that have no tuning parameters for cache size or cache-line length, but nevertheless use cache near-optimally.  He developed the Cilk language for multithreaded programming, which uses a provably good work-stealing algorithm for scheduling.  Leiserson coauthored the standard algorithms textbook Introduction to Algorithms together with Thomas H. Cormen, Ronald L. Rivest, and Clifford Stein.

Paragraph 16: Much like the difficulties that befell Pussy Cats and Rock 'n' Roll, the sessions for Two Sides of the Moon were affected by the "lazy and decadent self-indulgence that permeated the superstar scene of mid-seventies LA". The routine of inconsistent working hours and lengthy indulgence, particularly of alcohol and drugs, slowed down the sessions considerably; the atmosphere of the studio resembled that of a club. One of the album's engineers, Gary Ladinsky, recalled: "You'd get something done for an hour, and then it's a party scene. Eventually, you clear out the studio and you might do something for another half an hour, and then people wander out, and you realise, 'I guess the session is over.'" After "Teenage Idol", with Dick Dale guesting on guitar, was delivered to MCA, Evans was fired as producer, which Fletcher attributes to Moon's realisation that the sessions were largely fruitless and Evans' own drinking problem was worsening. He was replaced as producer by Skip Taylor, who was described by Volman and engineer John Stronach as the main provider of drugs for the sessions. Taylor did not dispute the assessment: "I would go in and decide, is this a night where we should have a little brandy, or should we smoke some stuff, or should we put a couple of lines out?" Most of the musicians involved saw no real difference as a result of the change. Kaylan commented that after recording his parts twice, "Basically it was the same record." Joe Walsh, who was then recording So What with Stronach at the Record Plant, was brought in to play additional guitar on "The Kids Are Alright" late in the sessions. He described the results as "semi-train wrecks" and expressed surprise that Moon had only used two producers since he would "fry" anyone who worked with him.

Paragraph 17: Like many of his peers, Dillon moved to Kingston towards the end of his teen years in search of work, staying first in a tiny shack in the west Kingston slum of Back-O-Wall. He travelled to Fellsmere, Florida in 1963 on a seasonal farm work contract, and after returning to Kingston in 1964, he settled in Trench Town, lodging at the home of the aunt of popular sound system deejay King Sporty, who he knew from his days in Port Antonio. In Trench Town, Dillon met Peter Tosh, who introduced him to Bob Marley and Bunny Livingston, his fellow vocalists in the Wailers. An audition was swiftly arranged at Studio One, where the Wailers were recording some of the biggest hits of the day, which led to Dillon voicing his first material. Three songs were backed by the Wailers, including a sound system favourite called "Ice Water", based on lyrics of double entendre, while "Suffering On The Land" and "Beggars Have No Choice" were more concerned with the harshness of life in the ghetto; a fourth song, "Woman, Wine And Money", featured Delroy Wilson on harmony. All of the songs were issued on  45 rpm singles, credited to Jack Sparrow. Shortly after the release of these singles, through the efforts of the Ethiopian Reorganization Centre in Waterhouse (established by elders Nasser King and Daddy King), Dillon entered the Rastafari faith, which he remained committed to thereafter.

Paragraph 18: On the WrestleMania XII pre-show, on March 31, 1996, the team defeated The Godwinns in the finals of an eight team tournament to win the vacant WWF Tag Team Championship. They held the titles until May 19, 1996, when they were defeated by the Godwinns in Madison Square Garden in New York City. After Skip left the WWF in fall of 1996, Prichard became a masked jobber named Dr.X. Dr. X fought mainly on house shows but made a few TV appearances on Superstars. Dr. X lost to Brakkus at In Your House 12: It's Time. By 1997, he became a trainer for the company, responsible for training such future stars as The Rock, Kurt Angle, and Mark Henry, among others. On November 16, 1998, Prichard became the masked Blue Blazer teaming with Jeff Jarrett losing to Steve Blackman and Goldust on Raw Is War. The next week he lost to Blackman and December 21 both on Raw Is War. The Blue Blazer gimmick was related to Owen Hart storylines and Hart's feud with Blackman. On September 27, 1999, Prichard teamed up with Jeff Jarrett to face against Chyna and Debra on Raw Is War. Prichard hit Chyna with a guitar and Jarrett was knocked out cold as Chyna went for the victory. He also occasionally commentated for shows such as WWF Metal. In addition, Prichard made a few appearances as a singles wrestler for ECW, and also co-hosted Byte This!, the WWF's internet talk show. Prichard was released from WWE in 2004.

Paragraph 19: With newer specimens collected by Charles H. Sternberg, it became accepted that Centrosaurus was distinctly separate from Monoclonius, at least by Lambe. This was challenged in a 1914 paper by Barnum Brown who reviewed Monoclonius and Centrosaurus, dismissing most of Cope's species, leaving only M. crassus. Comparing the parietals of Monoclonius and Centrosaurus, he concluded that any differences were caused by the fact that the M. crassus lectotype had been that of an old animal and damaged by erosion. This would mean that the two were synonymous, with the name Monoclonius having priority. In the same paper he named another species: Monoclonius flexus, "the curved one", based on specimen AMNH 5239, a skull found in 1912 and featuring a forward curving nasal horn. In 1915, Lambe answered Brown in another paper — the review of the Ceratopsia in which Lambe established three families — transferring M. dawsoni to Brachyceratops and M. sphenocerus to Styracosaurus. This left M. crassus, which he considered non-diagnostic, largely due to its damage and the lack of a nasal horn. Lambe ended the paper by referring Brown's M. flexus to Centrosaurus apertus, the type species of Centrosaurus.<ref>{{cite journal | last1 = Lambe | first1 = L.M. | year = 1915 | title = "On Eoceratops canadensis, gen. nov., with remarks on other genera of Cretaceous horned dinosaurs", Canada Geological Survey Museum Bulletin | journal = 12: Geological Series | volume = 24 | pages = 1–49 }}</ref> The next round fell in 1917 to Brown in a paper on Albertan centrosaurines, which, for the first time, analyzed a complete ceratopsian skeleton, specimen AMNH 5351 found by him in 1914, which he named Monoclonius nasicornus ("with the nose-horn"). In the same paper he described yet another species, Monoclonius cutleri, the epithet honouring William Edmund Cutler, based on specimen AMNH 5427, a headless skeleton featuring skin impressions.

Paragraph 20: Born in Madrid, de Zayas was the daughter of infantry captain Fernando de Zayas y Sotomayor and María Catalina de Barrasa. Her baptism was known to have taken place in the church of San Sebastian on 12 September 1590, and given the fact that most of Spain's well-to-do families baptized their infants days after birth, it may be deduced that de Zayas was born days before this date. Little is known with any certainty about her life. We do not know whether she was single or married or whether she spent part of her life in Naples or not. In 1637, de Zayas published her first collection of novellas, Novelas amorosas y ejemplares (The Enchantments of Love) in Zaragoza, and 10 years later, her second collection, Desengaños amorosos (The Disenchantments of Love), was published. De Zayas also wrote a play, La traicion en la amistad, (Friendship Betrayed) as well as poetry. The author enjoyed the respect and admiration of some of the best male writers of her day. Among her many admirers were Lope de Vega, who dedicated some of his poetry to her, and Alonso de Castillo Solórzano, who named her the "Sibila de Madrid" (Sibyl of Madrid). Despite the enduring popularity of her works during the 17th and 18th centuries, the 19th-century saw a decline in the popularity of her work with some critics deeming it to be vulgar. Her novellas faded into relative obscurity until they were 'rediscovered' in the late 20th century. After the publication of her last collection of novellas in 1647, she disappears from the records and it is not known for sure when she died. Various death certificates bearing the name María de Zayas have been found. In the introduction to a recent publication of La traición en la amistad Alberto Rodríguez de Ramos makes a convincing case that the María de Zayas whose death was recorded in 1661 is the author of the play and the novellas. If this is true, the author lived in Valladolid between 1631 and 1633 and was married to Juan de Valdés. This identification strengthens the links with convent of the Concepción Jerónima as well as Inés de Casamayor and the son of the Duke of Híjar, to whom the Desengaños amorosos are dedicated. It also implies that Zayas was employed by Margareta de Ulloa, the marquesa de Malagón, before her affiliation with the Duchess of Lemos. Rodríguez likewise sheds more light on the relationship between Zayas and Juan Pérez de Montalbán, whose fathers knew each other, and shows that the author had a sister called Isabel. 

Paragraph 21: He-Man is "the most powerful man in the universe" and in most media he is the alter-ego of Prince Adam. He is armed with a power harness that enhances his strength, the Sword of Power, a battle axe, and a shield. Early media, such as the minicomics packaged with the original run of action figures, also depicts him carrying a knife. He-Man possesses superhuman strength and is capable of performing incredible feats, such as lifting heavy objects such as boulders and buildings, breaking solid rock with his fists, as well as having the advantage over just about any opponent. He is a formidable warrior, although he usually prefers to avoid conflict. He-Man is a strong upholder of moral justice and is regarded by the people of Eternia as their greatest hero. In the original minicomics, He-Man was a wandering barbarian hailing from a jungle tribe. However, both the DC comics and the cartoon series He-Man and the Masters of the Universe portrayed him as the alter ego of the young Prince Adam, heir-apparent to the throne of Eternia, and most media since have followed suit. Prince Adam is the son of King Randor and Queen Marlena of Eternia, and is viewed by many as fun-loving, lazy, and cowardly. This is merely an act to keep people from suspecting that he is also He-Man. The 2002 cartoon revealed that Adam was carefree and reckless in his younger days, before he accepted his destiny. Prince Adam was given the Sword of Power by The Sorceress of Castle Grayskull, and when he lifts the sword and says "By the Power of Grayskull... I Have the Power!" he is magically transformed into He-Man, defender of Eternia. Man-At-Arms, Orko, and the Sorceress are the only characters who share in the knowledge of Adam's secret. Depending on his transformation to He-Man, at times he is also armed with plate armor, a battle axe, a shield, or deadly snake pinchers. In the 1980s series, Prince Adam and He-Man are almost identically drawn, the difference being that Adam has lighter blonde hair and paler skin, while He-Man has bronzed skin and more golden hair.

Paragraph 22: The 1994 national census reported a total population for this woreda of 90,186, of whom 45,657 were men and 44,529 were women; 4,597 or 5.1% of its population were urban dwellers. The ethnic make up of the region is widely disputed. Documentation shows that following the annexation of the area into the Tigray region, a mass effort was undertaken to re-populate the area with a majority Tigray ethnic migrants while displacing the local Amhara population. Various steps were taken to dramatically change the demographic make up of the region including, a change to the official language for regional administration and teaching in public schools to Tigrigna and repossession of land from the majority Amhara farming population. Notably, records going back into the 1980’s show that the region was populated predominantly by ethnic Amhara. As a result of these mass efforts, the ethnic demographic of the region was dramatically altered. The 2007 census data indicates that the ethnic groups reported in Welkait are now Tigray (96.58%), Amhara (3.03%); and all other ethnic groups made up only 0.39% of the population. Tigrinya is spoken as a major language by 97.14%, and 2.75% speak Amharic; the remaining 0.11% spoke all other primary languages reported. 96.75% of the population said they were Ethiopian Orthodox Christians, and 3.09% were Muslim. Concerning education, 3.9% of the population were considered literate, which is less than the Zone average of 9.01%; 3.36% of children aged 7–12 were in primary school, which is less than the Zone average of 11.34%; a negligible number of the children aged 13–14 were in junior secondary school, which is also less than the Zone average of 0.65%; and a negligible number of children aged 15–18 were in senior secondary school, which is less than the Zone average of 0.51%. Concerning sanitary conditions, about 1% of the urban houses and about 8% of all houses had access to safe drinking water at the time of the census; about 4% of the urban and about 4% of all houses had toilet facilities.

Paragraph 23: Frangoulis was born on 18 December 1967 in Umtali (today Mutare), Rhodesia (today Zimbabwe) to Greek parents. When he was four years old he was sent to Athens, Greece to live with his maternal aunt Loula and her husband George. The couple adored him so much and Mario considered them as his parents. At the age of eight Frangoulis began singing in various choirs and at the age of eleven he played the part of Issachar in a school production of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat to follow by many different roles in several other school theatrical performances, including the Master of Ceremonies in Cabaret and at sixteen played Tony in West Side Story.

Paragraph 24: Mumbai City started the month with an away encounter against previous season runners up Kerala Blasters on 3 December 2017. Mark Sifneos’ goal in the first half, which was also Kerala's first of the season, was cancelled out by Balwant Singh's strike in the second. C.K. Vineeth was booked a second time in the 90th minute following a tussle with Balwant, and was consequently given his marching orders. The match ended in a 1–1 draw. After a poor start to the season with 1 win, 1 draw and 2 losses, Mumbai City next faced Chennaiyin, who were on a 3 match winning run on 10 December 2017. Mumbai were awarded a penalty after Balwant Singh was brought down in the box. Emana stepped up to the spot and slotted the ball into the bottom left corner to make it 1-0 for the Islanders, thus scoring the only goal of the game and breaking Chennaiyin's winning streak and securing their 2nd win of the season. Mumbai City then hosted previous seasons' champion ATK on 17 December, who were still winless this season. Amrinder made a couple of good saves to deny ATK a goal. His and Mumbai's resistance finally came to an end in the 54th minute when Zequinha hit a shot with the outside of his right foot from the left flank. The keeper was unsighted by Robin, who got a slight touch on the ball to help it through Amrinder's legs and into the net. Mumbai then won an away game against NorthEast United on 20 December, after Balwant scored a brace by scoring on either sides of half-time to ensure a 2-0 win for the Islanders. In their last game of the year 2017, Mumbai City routed Delhi Dynamos, courtesy a 4–0 scoreline at the Mumbai Football Arena. Lucian Goian and Everton Santos struck in the first half to give Mumbai City a 2 goal cushion. The half, however, ended on a sour note as a tussle between Mumbai's Sehnaj Singh and Delhi's Mirabaje earned both a straight red. The second half started with 20 players on the pitch and it took only four minutes for the home team to score their third. Eleven minutes from time, Emana found Balwant with a lovely chip, who chested the ball down and hit a scuffed shot off his calf, that wrong-footed Arnab to roll over the goal-line, thus adding a fourth goal to Delhi's misery.

Paragraph 25: In 2011 albums by British artists totaled 1 in 8 of all albums sold in North America. This represented a 25% jump from 2010 and according to the British Phonographic Industry trade organization this was believed to represent the largest market share there since the Second British Invasion of the 1980s. 30 albums by British artists sold over 100,000 copies. During one week that year from three British artists, Adele, Mumford & Sons and Marsha Ambrosius, held the top three album spots during one week for the first time in a quarter of a century.  Adele became the first female singer to be named Billboards top artist and have both the number 1 album (21) and number 1 single ("Rolling in the Deep") for the same year By the time 2011 ended Adele had broken various records on the Billboard charts. 21 again topped the 'Billboard 200 album chart in 2012 It was only the second time in the history of the chart an album was number one for two consecutive years. Tinie Tempah became the first British hip hop artist to have a debut US single that sold at least one million units and two singles from the record have entered the Billboard Hot 100. The second single from Jessie J sold a million units, Ellie Goulding's single Lights was number 5 on the 2012 Billboard Hot 100, and the success of Florence and the Machine led to the band being the topic of a Billboard Magazine cover story in September. In March 2012, One Direction's debut studio album, Up All Night, topped the US Billboard 200 chart, becoming the first British group in US chart history to debut at number one with their first album. In October 2012, Mumford & Sons'  second album, Babel, debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, and was the fastest selling album in 2012 in the US, selling 600,000 in its first week. From the lull in the early 2000s, various explanations have been given by people in the music industry for the resurgence of UK success in the USthSpin Magazine]] music editor Charles Aaron, speaking of the female singer-songwriters, called Amy Winehouse's breakthrough the "Nirvana moment". Billboards chart manager Keith Caulfield also credited Winehouse and said, "They're not giving us the usual 'We're going to stay up until 6 am and party like we've never partied before,'?". Caulfield says, "Their approach is more classic and quirky, which makes Americans pay more attention. Tinie Tempah credited the confidence of the British Artists and David Joseph, the chairman of Universal Music UK noted that unlike in the past British artists are not specifically targeting the US but American audiences are noticing their talent through the internet.

Paragraph 26: Prior to 1928, there had been some attempts at television programming using the mechanical television process. One of the first series made specifically for television to have a sustained run was CBS's 1931–1933 murder-mystery series The Television Ghost, which ran for all 19 months that its flagship television station, then W2XAB, was on the air. The limits of mechanical television inherently meant that these productions were extremely primitive; The Television Ghost, for example, consisted entirely of a 15-minute monologue of a single actor, with the only visual shot being the actor's head. By the time electronic television matured in the late 1930s, some more varied experimental programs, including live sportscasts and some game shows (such as the CBS Television Quiz and Truth or Consequences), were appearing; most television service was suspended beginning in 1942 because of World War II. The decade-long period of new developments in television technology enabled broadcasting companies to prepare for the end of the war, and the ensuing postwar prosperity allowed for increased consumer purchase of television sets.

Paragraph 27: The village has its own primary school, Airmyn Park Primary School, which holds just over 100 pupils. The present building was opened in 1991, and has four classrooms, together with a hall, communal areas and offices. It was designed for 105 children. Before moving to the new building, the school was located on High Street, in a building which was erected in 1834 by George Percy, the Earl of Beverley. It was intended to be a Sunday School, but was being used as a day-school by 1840, and was able to accommodate 120 pupils. Near the old school is a clock tower, designed by Henry Francis Lockwood of Bradford and built in 1865, which was paid for by the village population, to honour the memory of the second Earl, who funded the building of the school.

Paragraph 28: He parted with Luckman in 1959. Afterward, he formed the third and final company of his career, "William L. Pereira & Associates." In the 1960s and 1970s, he and his team completed over 250 projects, including drawing up the master plans for the Los Angeles International Airport expansion and developing the master plan for the  city of Irvine, California, which put his photograph on the cover of Time Magazine in September 1963. He later worked with Ian McHarg on the plan for the new town of The Woodlands, Texas. Pereira also designed the campus plans of the University of Southern California, the University of California, Irvine, and Pepperdine University.

Paragraph 29: ( see The bankrupt directory: being a complete register of all the bankrupts, with their residences, trades, and dates when they appeared in the London gazette, from December 1820 to April 1843 ), In 1839 Thomas Harvey joined the business, when William West left the company to pursue analytical chemistry. The firm was then called Thomas Harvey. Harvey was born at Barnsley into a Quaker family, his father was a linen manufacturer. The second of five children, he was educated at Barnsley Grammar, in Yorkshire in 1812. From 1822 to 1825 Harvey studied at Ackworth and afterwards became a chemist apprentice for David Doncaster of Sheffield. Upon Doncasters death he trained at Thomas Southalls in Birmingham for eight years. In 1837 Harvey settled in Leeds as a chemist becoming an Anti-slavery campaigner and philanthropist. In 1844 Richard Reynolds joined the company an apprentice, he was born in 1829 and was the eldest son of an apothecary who died when the boy was only four years old. 1850 to 1851 he attended the school of Pharmacy in London where he took first prizes in chemistry, materia and botany in a contest held by the pharmaceutical society. He then went to Mr. Henry Deane at Chapman for two years, then returned to the Leeds business. In 1854 Richard Reynolds joined Thomas Harvey as a partner, the company then became Harvey & Reynolds. In 1861, the firm was joined by a Mr. Fowler and became Harvey, Reynolds & Fowler. By 1864, Thomas Harvey had retired, ( in 1884 Thomas Harvey at the age of 72 undertook arduous journey to Canada on a Quaker mission, but it exhausted him. He died On 25 December, at his home at ‘Ashwood’, Headingley Lane, on Christmas Day.) Mr. Haw joined the business and the company became Haw & Reynolds. In 1867, the business was listed as Haw, Reynolds, & Co. In 1883, Fredrick W Branson joined the business. with Richard Reynolds at Leeds, England.  Richard Reynolds took on Fredrick W Branson as a partner in the established company. An 1884 advertisement listed the partnership between Reynolds & Branson ( late Harvey, Reynolds & co.) The firm of Reynolds & Branson was registered in July 1898 as a limited corporation with a capital of £34,000 in shares of £10 each by Messrs. R. Reynolds, F. W. Branson and R. F. Reynolds being the first. No remuneration was given to Mr. R. Reynolds, but a £700 each per annum to the others. The business was located at 14 Commercial Street and 13 Briggate, Leeds. In 1890 Richard Reynolds son, Richard Freshfield (Fred) Reynolds was made a partner. The firm was in the business of wholesale and retail chemists and surgical instrument makers.  FRS. Fredrick W Branson now focused on the development of scientific apparatus and chemical glassware for the business. ( His partner Richard Reynolds was a Fellow of the Chemical Society. He was elected member in 1864 and served as council member since 1870. In 1894, he was elected vice-president. In 1900, he died at home at Cliff Road, Hyde Park in Leeds.[3][4]) In 1901 During the outbreak of lead poisoning at Morley he was called in and his recommendations freed Morley from this scourge. In collaboration with A. F. Dimmock, M.D., he contributed to the British Medical Association meeting in 1903 a paper " A new method for the determination of uric acid in urine " (Br. Med. J., 1903, 2, 585). For this process he devised a correction scale which was contributed to the British Pharmaceutical Conference in 1904. At the 1905 meeting of the British Medical Association a further paper by these two authors was read, " A rapid and simple process for the estimation of uric acid " (ibid., 1905, 2, 1104), in which uric acid was precipitated and the precipitate measured in a specially graduated tube, In 1914, in collaboration with Dr. Gordon Sharp, he contributed a paper to the British Pharmaceutical Conference on the activity of digitalis leaves and the stability and standardisation of tinctures of digitalis. He was an expert glassblower. During World War I, he actively pursued efforts to standardise the size and shape of chemical glassware. In 1916, he was elected as an inaugural member of the Society of Glass Technology. He organised research and published works on these topics. Branson sought to secure in Great Britain the manufacturing process for the glass required for the equipment of munition factories. 

Paragraph 30: The scapula was short with a moderately expanded upper end. The coracoid was circular in side view. The elements of the forelimb were generally moderately long, straight and stout. The hand is only known from recent discoveries and has not yet been described. In the rather wide pelvis, the ilium was straight in side view. Its front blade was rod-shaped and moderately splayed to the outside, creating room for the belly. This was reinforced by the sacral ribs becoming longer towards the front. The sacral ribs were wider at their attachment areas with the ilium, but were not fused into a sacral yoke. The pubis featured a short prepubis. The pubis shaft was straight, running parallel to a straight ischium shaft that was transversely flattened at its lower end. The thighbone was straight in side view, in front view it was somewhat bowed to the outside. Its head was not separated from the shaft by a real neck. While the major trochanter was at about the same level as the head, the lower minor trochanter was separated from both by a deep cleft. At it rear side, the femur mid-shaft featured a well-developed drooping fourth trochanter, a process for the attachment of the retractor tail muscle, the Musculus caudofemoralis longus. The lower leg was somewhat shorter than the thighbone. The tibia had a wide upper end, with a cnemial crest protruding well to the front. The tibia lower end was also robust and rotated about 70° compared to the upper part, turning the foot strongly to the outside. The foot was very large and wide. The fifth metatarsal was only rudimentary but the other four were robust. Scelidosaurus had four large toes, with the innermost digit being the smallest. The fourth metatarsal was short but its toe was long and built to be splayed to the outside of the foot, to improve the stability. The claws were flat, hoof-shaped and curved to the inside.