Paragraph 1: This regiment was organized at Kenton, Hardin County, from Oct. to Dec., 1861, to serve for three years, with an aggregate of 968 men. In Jan., 1862, it moved for Western Virginia, and was first under fire at the battle of Bull Pasture Mountain. It joined in the pursuit of Jackson up the valley; fought in the Battle of Cross Keys, was also present at Cedar Mountain, and participated in a sharp skirmish at Freeman's Ford.  The destruction of Waterloo Bridge being ordered, the work was entrusted to this regiment and a select party dashed forward under a brisk fire, ignited the timbers, and in a few moments the work of destruction was complete.  At the Second Bull Run the regiment lost heavily. It went into winter quarters at Stafford Court House and in the following April moved on the Chancellorsville Campaign.  In the battle of that name it moved steadily into the entrenchments and opened a rapid fire upon the advancing foe. As the enemy swept around the flanks of the regiment it was forced to retreat and when it reached its new position only 134 men were with the colors. It was on duty in the trenches or on the picket line until the army commenced to retire. The regiment went into action at Gettysburg with 22 commissioned officers and 236 men, of whom 19 officers and 147 men were killed, wounded or captured, leaving only 3 officers and 89 men; but this little band brought off the colors safely. In the autumn following the regiment was ordered to join the Army of the Cumberland and at Wauhatchie, Tenn., it led the advance up the steep and rugged slope, driving the Confederates from the summit.  It was held in reserve during the engagement at Orchard knob, but it moved up under a heavy fire from the batteries on Missionary ridge and assisted in the skirmishing which followed that engagement, and in building the entrenchments. In November it moved to the relief of Knoxville, but Longstreet having raised the siege it returned to Lookout Valley.  There, of 349 enlisted men present, 321 were mustered into the service as veteran volunteers in Jan., 1864. After a furlough home the regiment, rejoined its brigade in March and soon afterward entered upon the Atlanta Campaign.  It participated in the charge at Resaca, but sustained little loss, as the enemy was too much surprised and embarrassed to fire effectively.  It was one of the first regiments in position at Peachtree Creek and lost not less than 75 in killed and wounded. During the siege of Atlanta it held an important and exposed position on a hill adjoining Marietta Street, being within range both of artillery and musketry, and on one occasion a cannon shot carried away the regimental colors, tearing them to shreds. The regiment remained in camp at Atlanta, engaged in work on the fortifications for a time, and then started with Sherman's army for Savannah.  It met with nothing worthy of particular note until Wheeler's cavalry was encountered at Sandersville, where one company assisted in dislodging the enemy.  The regiment moved on the Carolinas Campaign and performed its full share of marching, foraging and corduroying. It participated in the affairs at Averasboro and Bentonville, having 10 men wounded in the former and in the latter 11 wounded and 14 missing. It was mustered out on July 24, 1865.

Paragraph 2: Ethical standards of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO), the American Medical Association (AMA) Council on Ethical and Judicial Affairs, and the American College of Physicians Ethics Manual require disclosure of the most serious adverse events. However, many doctors and hospitals do not report errors under the current system because of concerns about malpractice lawsuits; this prevents collection of information needed to find and correct the conditions that lead to mistakes. , 35 US states have statutes allowing doctors and health care providers to apologize and offer expressions of regret without their words being used against them in court, and 7 states have also passed laws mandating written disclosure of adverse events and bad outcomes to patients and families. In September 2005, US Senators Clinton and Obama introduced the National Medical Error Disclosure and Compensation (MEDiC) Bill, providing physicians protection from liability and a safe environment for disclosure, as part of a program to notify and compensate patients harmed by medical errors. It is now the policy of several academic medical centers, including Johns Hopkins, University of Illinois and Stanford, to promptly disclose medical errors, offering apologies and compensation. This national initiative, hoping to restore integrity to dealings with patients, make it easier to learn from mistakes and avoid angry lawsuits, was modeled after a University of Michigan Hospital System program that has reduced the number of lawsuits against the hospital by 75% and has decreased the average litigation cost. The Veterans Health Administration requires the disclosure of all adverse events to patients, even those that are not obvious. However,  these initiatives have only included hospitals that are self-insured and that employ their staffs, thus limiting the number of parties involved. Medical errors are the third leading cause of death in the US, after heart disease and cancer, according to research by Johns Hopkins University. Their study published in May 2016 concludes that more than 250,000 people die every year due to medical mix-ups. Other countries report similar results.

Paragraph 3: Jordan appeared on the second season of Celebrity Apprentice. In the series, celebrities raise money for a charity of their choice; Jordan selected the NAPSAC Foundation as her charity. She was later asked to return to compete on the All-Star version of Celebrity Apprentice. She was then hired by Apprentice host Donald Trump to co-host the Miss Universe 2009 pageant from the Bahamas alongside Billy Bush. Jordan's first hosting job was for Fox Sports West as a red carpet correspondent for 54321 and also appeared on The Best Damn Sports Show Period. She then went on E! and The Style Network as the co-host of The Modern Girl's Guide to Life for two seasons. After that she was asked to join BET's late night sports show Ballers with John Salley, Guy Torry and Hugh Douglas. Jordan was also a stand out on the satellite radio show The Foxxhole alongside Jamie Foxx, who then gave her her own weekly show on Sirius/XM Radio on The Foxxhole, called "The Claudia Jordan Show". Jordan also co-hosted on "Reach Around Radio". Jordan was a co-host on Tameka Cottle's talk show Tiny's Tonight alongside Tamar Braxton and rapper Trina. The television pilot aired in December 2012 on VH1. Jordan also hosted the a travel show for AT&T called The Summer of Adventure. In October 2014, it was announced that Jordan would be joining the cast of The Real Housewives of Atlanta as a main housewife for its seventh season while simultaneously working as a co-host on the nationally syndicated Rickey Smiley Morning Show. Jordan also often appears as a contributor on CNN and HLN. She went on to star in TV One's The Next 15 and lead her own morning show in Dallas, The Morning Rush, which was the top rated R&B Morning show in Dallas. She now has her own talk show on a Fox Soul program called Out Loud with Claudia Jordan.

Paragraph 4: After he was discharged from the Army in 1958, Jarman attended Wilson Junior College, where he met bassist Malachi Favors Maghostut and saxophonists Roscoe Mitchell, Henry Threadgill, and Anthony Braxton. These men would often perform long jam sessions at the suggestion of their professor, Richard Wang (now with Illinois University). Mitchell introduced Jarman to pianist Muhal Richard Abrams, and Jarman, Mitchell, and Maghostut joined Abrams' Experimental Band, a private, non-performing ensemble, when that group was founded in 1961. The same group of musicians continued to play together in a variety of configurations, and went on to found the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM) in 1965, along with Fred Anderson and Phil Cohran.

Paragraph 5: After the team went winless with Marlin in 1997, finishing 25th in points, the team and Marlin decided to part ways. MMM hired two-time race winner Bobby Hamilton. Hamilton led 378 out of 500 laps and won from the pole at Martinsville Speedway and finished 10th in the final points standings. Soon, the team was not able repeat its success, and Hamilton left for Andy Petree Racing in 2001. He was replaced by Robby Gordon, but Gordon struggled in the ride and was released after just five races. Mike Skinner and Kevin Lepage shared the driving duties for two years without much success. In 2003, MMM switched to Pontiac. They lost their Kodak sponsorship in 2004, but MMM remained open, switching back to Chevrolet (almost being required to do so, as Pontiac had withdrawn from the Cup series at the end of 2003). Jimmy Spencer drove the car most of that year, and team co-owner Larry McClure's son Eric drove another team car to finish 26th at Talladega Superspeedway. For 2005, the team signed Lucas Oil as a sponsor, and hired Mike Wallace to drive. Wallace was replaced by John Andretti, P. J. Jones, and Todd Bodine for some of the races in 2005. In 2006, Scott Wimmer was announced as the 2006 driver with new sponsorship from the Utah-based AERO Exhaust. Wimmer had an average start of 35th and average of finish 29th, no wins, top fives, or top tens. On October 3, 2006, Larry McClure announced that the team and Wimmer parted ways. They hired Todd Bodine to drive the next two races, Charlotte and Atlanta, until they could find a permanent replacement. The last three races the team hired veteran Ward Burton, who at the time had not driven in the Cup Series in several years. On December 12, 2006, MMM announced they signed Burton to take full-time seat in 2007 with sponsorship from State Water Heaters. Burton was released before the last race of the 2007 season. Furthermore, Morgan–McClure Motorsports shut down weeks shy of the 2008 Daytona 500 due to financial problems, but had agreed to let Mike Wallace drive in the 2008 Daytona 500 if sponsorship was found.  Sponsorship was found, but Larry McClure said that he was tired of just sliding by and would come back when major sponsorship could be secured. When Tony Stewart announced on August 14 that Ryan Newman would drive the No. 4 car in 2009, Morgan–McClure Motorsports protested. Tim Morgan stated, "There's some sweat and history in that number 4. We feel like it ours," in an article for the Bristol Herald Courier.  After discussions with MMM and NASCAR, on August 18 Stewart announced that Newman would drive the No. 39 instead of a No. 4 car in 2009. In 2014 Stewart did acquire the No. 4 to use with driver Kevin Harvick, who replaced Newman and the No. 39 in the 2014 season.

Paragraph 6: Following its record-breaking openings, it scored the biggest Monday for Pixar by grossing $19.6 million (breaking Toy Story 3s $15.6 million) and the best Monday in June for an animated film. However, among all animated films, it is ranked second—behind 2004's Shrek 2, which made $23.4 million on its first Monday, and it is also the biggest Tuesday for an animated film with $23.2 million, besting Minions $16.8 million. It jumped 18.5% over its Monday gross, a rare achievement for a film. It crossed the $200 million mark in its first seven days, becoming the first (and fastest) animated film to pass this milestone in just a week. It fell only 46% in its second weekend earning $73 million to record the biggest second weekend for an animated film (breaking Shrek 2s $72.2 million previous record), the biggest for Disney and 2016 (surpassing Captain America: Civil Wars $72.6 million), and the eighth-biggest second weekend gross of all time overall. This was despite facing stiff competition from newcomer Independence Day: Resurgence. It crossed $300 million in 12 days—a new record for an animated film, surpassing the previous record held by Shrek 2 and Toy Story 3 (both of which took 18 days), and became the second animated film of 2016 (after Zootopia), the fourth Disney film of 2016, and the sixth overall film of the year to cross the milestone. It continued to dominate the box office for the third straight weekend, despite competitions from three new wide releases—The Legend of Tarzan, The Purge: Election Year, and fellow Disney release The BFG—after witnessing a 42% decline to $41.8 million in three days and $51.4 million in four days, respectively, during the Independence Day holiday frame. This made it the second time in two years and just the third time since 1992, the July 4 holiday box office was topped by a film in its third weekend of release. It broke another record as it passed the $400 million mark in 21 days, which is the fastest for an animated film, the fastest of 2016, the fastest for the studio, and the fifth-fastest of all time overall. Moreover, it became the second film of 2016 (after Captain America: Civil War), the fifth animated film, the ninth film for the studio, and the twenty-fourth film overall to pass the milestone. On the following day (July 8), it became the highest-grossing film of the year in the United States and Canada. It dropped out of the top ten in its eighth week.

Paragraph 7: Cramond Island is a tidal island about one mile (1.6 km) out to sea, which is connected to the mainland at low tide across the Drum Sands. A paved path, exposed at low water, allows easy access. This causeway runs at the foot of a row of concrete pylons on one side of the causeway, which were constructed as an anti-boat boom during the Second World War and are one of the most striking sights in the area. At high tide the path is covered by several feet of seawater which cuts the island off from the mainland. It is safe to walk along the raised causeway to the island at low tide, but only if visitors ensure that they leave enough time to return to the mainland before the water rises. The speed at which the tide comes in can easily trap the unwary. A large signpost (located at the start of the causeway) warns visitors of the danger. If this warning is ignored, there can be serious accidents or people may be stranded on the island until the next low tide. In 2011, a Daniel Defoe of Livingston, West Lothian and an unidentified female found themselves trapped on the island due to miscalculating the times of the tide. This story gained attention due to the ironic parallels with Robinson Crusoe; a novel written by Daniel Defoe published in 1719. Coastguards recommend that the crossing is only attempted during the two hours either side of low water. On the RNLI (Royal National Lifeboat Institute) Queensferry website, there is a list of “safe crossing times” and it states that the “times are given as a guide and may change due to weather and conditions. Times listed in BLACK are the first safe crossing time and those listed in RED are when to be back on the mainland”.

Paragraph 8:  Critical response Mercy Point has received mixed critical feedback. Prior to the show's premiere, a writer from SouthCoastToday.com wrote that it would appeal to Star Trek fans through its use of "portentous dialogue and plenty of gross-out imagery". David Bianculli of  The New York Daily News praised Mercy Point as an improvement over "UPN's watch-me-please gimmick shows", and commended the way the show focused on its characters and medical cases while it "relegat[ed] the futuristic elements to the background". The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel's Joanne Weintraub favorably compared the show to Buffy the Vampire Slayer, writing that "both series take their special effects seriously and their often tongue-in-cheek dialogue lightly". Variety's Laura Fries wrote that the series had potential if it adhered to its own rules and focused on real drama. Fries highlighted Michael Katleman's directing as "crisp" and praised the show's technical credits.Mercy Point also garnered negative reactions from television critics, with GamesRadar's Dave Golder including it on his list of the worst science fiction and fantasy television shows of all time for its "[t]rite, obvious and cheesy" storylines. The Los Angeles Times' Howard Rosenberg criticized the show's reliance on its science-fiction context and technology to distract the viewers from "its mustiness and lack of originality". Even though Rosenberg felt the show's concept had potential and found Batung to an intriguing character, he advised the audience to "change this bedpan fast". Lee Sandlin of The Chicago Reader included Mercy Point in his assessment of the worst television shows in the 1998–1999 season, criticizing its lack of originality and poor writing. The series was heavily panned by Kevin Wagner of the science-fiction online magazine The Sci-Fi Guys, who found the pilot's story arc to be uninteresting and the use of rubber gloves as a way for advanced containment to be unrealistic. The Sun-Sentinels Hal Boedeker cited Mercy Point and The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer as "misbegotten fare" that alienated its audience and lowered viewership by forty percent.

Paragraph 9: They worked with fellow musicians Miki González and Felix Torrealva on their first album under the name "As de Copas". They invited their close friends Claudia Salem and Phoebe Condos to sing backing vocals for the first seven songs they wrote. Luis "Wicho" García, who at the time worked as the sound engineer at the recording studio of Miki Gonzáles promised to sing the remaining songs and remain as their lead singer.  García was part of Narcosis with Jorge "Pelo" Madueño and Fernando "Cachorro" Vial.  García also played an important role in other projects for Miki Gonzáles such as La Banda Azul. By 1993, Barrios and Leverone finished writing 12 songs, and changed the name of the band to "Mar de Copas". The band signed a contract with El Virrey record company to initially make 300 cassette copies for them. Their first album was named "Mar de Copas". Songs like "Fugitivo" and "Canción" were inspired in trips they made to Punta Sal and Tarma respectively. Rodrigo Quijano wrote the song "Canción" which is considered their most notable trova song.  Barrios and Leverone wrote melodies based on country music in "Recompensa" and "Héroe del delito". "Faena" is attributed to bullfighting and "Mujer Noche", their signature song, was chosen for their first music video. In August 1993, the band played live for the first time at the Phantom Pub in Lima.

Paragraph 10: While as an undergraduate at the University of Dayton, Thomas worked with the college's basketball team for three years. He helped the coaching staff with player workouts and had roles such running video exchange, maintaining the video library, and writing opponent scouting reports. In 2003, Thomas joined the University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown, where he assumed the position of head assistant coach. While at the school, he was also the recruiting and academic coordinator. He had the additional responsibility of scouting the team's opponents. In August 2015, Thomas became a part of the coaching staff for the RedHawks of Miami University. He assumed the role as administrative assistant and helped the team by overseeing film exchange, film edits, study tables, and travel arrangements. While Thomas was at Miami, the team won the Mid-American Conference tournament and appeared in the 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. Following his tenure with Miami, Thomas spent time with the Golden State Warriors, Chicago Bulls, and Utah Jazz, as an NBA Advance Scout. He worked with the Slovenia national basketball team for two summers as an assistant coach where he worked with NBA Players Goran Dragic, Zoran Dragic, and Boki Nachbar. In September 2015, Thomas joined the Orangeville A's of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL) as a head coach. In the summer of 2016, Thomas took over the Head Coaching position of the Luoyan Golden Stars in the NBL of China where he coached former NBA Champion Josh Powell and led them to the NBL Playoffs.  In September 2016, Thomas joined the Westports Malaysia Dragons of the ASEAN Basketball League as their new head coach. After resigning from the Westports Malaysia Dragons, Thomas then became the Head Coach of KK Zlatorog Lasko where he led the team to the best regular season turnaround in wins the Slovenian League for the 18-19 season.  During that season, Thomas oversaw Nejc Baric obtain 1st Team All-Slovenian League honors and had Matur Maker, Cleveland "Pancake" Thomas, and Emani Gant win Player of the Week at various points of the season as well.  Thomas was named the Head Coach of Bambitious Nara in the B League of Japan for the 2019-20 season where he led the team to the longest winning streak in the history of the franchise.  Thomas is currently the Head Coach of the Guaynabo Mets in Puerto Rico.  During the re-start of the BSN season, Thomas led the Mets to a Semifinals appearance in the playoffs and came within one game of advancing to the finals.

Paragraph 11: The Dreamcast's unlicensed games are produced and printed on regular compact discs (CD) using the Mil-CD format created in-house by Sega, which is just a normal CD unlike its native games format, the GD-ROM, aimed at karaoke and interactive content on regular CDs in general. Unlike the GD-ROMs though, which can hold up to 1.2GB of data, a CD-ROM can hold around 50% of that, and it would not be legal to develop games on a proprietary storage medium without permission or a license, and so to release independent titles for the Dreamcast legally, even selling them at retailers, which is what differs most Dreamcast releases of today with 'homebrew' by definition, as the Dreamcast does not require modifications of any sort as opposed to consoles requiring mod chips or other user-made modifications using a proprietary piece of software and or hardware like the original Xbox and its sequel, the Xbox 360, and that the Dreamcast titles state during the boot-up of the game that it is not published nor licensed by Sega, which all modern releases for the Dreamcast as of 2020 since 2004 has been doing to be able to sell them at retailers. Josh Prod among a few of the most serious and active studios, publishing exceptionally many high-quality titles after buying the right to have them ported, often by the studio owning those right also developing or porting them, which will boot on any Dreamcast, only some consoles manufactured between up until 2007 where Sega removed the MIL-CD support from the BIOS; console manufacturing in Japan was restarted to meet demand although no official numbers exist, probably in limited or few print runs but either way was selling new consoles and hardware through all of 2007. However, removing the MIL-CD compatible code in the BIOS, which since has been dumped and is of version 1.022; the last one to have been found so far, prevents owners of these consoles from playing games released on CD-Roms. While the last officially Sega published game, titled Karous, was released on the 3rd of March in 2007, which also has seen an unofficially translated version (ie actual 'homebrew') was made and released online in 2019, while a lot more titles were consistently released in Japan up until that point. Trigger Heart Exelica was one of them, along with Under Defeat (2005), Puyo Puyo Fever (2004) to name a few. However, those owning a console with the latest BIOS version, does not have the ability to out of the box, but have to replace their GD-ROM drive with an optical drive emulator, solder in a new or additional BIOS ROM chip to have the ability to boot up a game released on CD-ROM, like the Arcade Racing Legend by Josh Prod which was released in 2020 after a Kickstarter campaign.

Paragraph 12: Strauss was seen as an important icon of German music by the Nazis, who had seized power in Germany in April 1933.  Strauss himself was co-operating with the Nazis and became the president of the Reichsmusikkammer in November 1933. Zweig had gotten to know Strauss well through their collaboration and later wrote: to be co-operative with the national socialists was furthermore of vital interest to him, because in the national socialist sense he was very much in the red.  His son had married a Jewess and thus he feared that his grandchildren, whom he loved above all else, would be excluded as scum from the schools; his earlier operas tainted through the half-Jew Hugo von Hofmannsthal; his publisher was a Jew. Therefore, to him it seemed more and more imperative to create support and security for himself, and he did it most perseveringly. The fact that Zweig was a Jew was causing potential problems for the performance of the opera: in the summer of 1934 the Nazi press began to attack Strauss on this issue.  Zweig recounts in his autobiography that Strauss refused to withdraw the opera and even insisted that Zweig's authorship of the libretto be credited; the first performance in Dresden was authorized by Hitler himself. Subsequent research has shown that Zweig's account is largely correct.  We now know that there was an internal power struggle going on within the Nazi government. Joseph Goebbels wanted to use Strauss's international reputation and was willing to relax the rule against works with non-Aryan artists.  However, Alfred Rosenberg was more critical of Strauss's unsoundness on the "Jewish question" and wanted to remove Strauss from his position and replace him with party member Peter Raabe.  Goebbels took the matter to Hitler, who initially ruled in his favor.  However, the Gestapo had been intercepting the correspondence between Strauss and Zweig, in which Strauss had been candid about his critical views of the Nazi regime and his role in it. This letter was shown to Hitler, who then changed his mind. The opera was allowed to run for three performances and then banned.  On 6 July 1935, Strauss was visited at his home by a Nazi official sent by Goebbels and told to resign from his position as president of the Reichsmusikkammer on grounds of "ill health," less than two years after he had taken up the post. He was duly replaced by Peter Raabe, who remained in place until the fall of the Nazi regime. Although banned in Germany, the opera was performed a few times abroad, including in Milan, Graz, Prague and Zurich. This would not the first time one of his operas had been banned: Kaiser Wilhelm had banned Feuersnot in 1902.  Indeed, the propensity of totalitarian regimes to ban operas was not limited to Germany: a few months later in early 1936 Dmitri Shostakovich's opera Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk was banned by the Soviet regime.  Zweig and Strauss continued to work together secretly (with Joseph Gregor), mainly on the libretto for the opera Friedenstag which was premiered in 1938. The story was almost wholly Zweig's, but the ideal of pacifism which it embodied was dear to both.

Paragraph 13: After the election of 1989 Hirsch Ballin was appointed as Minister of Justice in the Cabinet Lubbers III, taking office on 7 November 1989. Hirsch Ballin was also appointed as Minister for Netherlands Antilles and Aruba Affairs, taking office on 14 November 1989. Hirsch Ballin served as acting Minister of the Interior from 10 January 1994 until 18 January 1994 following the death of Ien Dales. Hirsch Ballin was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives after the election of 1994, taking office on 17 May 1994. On 27 May 1994 Hirsch Ballin and Minister of the Interior Ed van Thijn resigned following the conclusions of a parliamentary inquiry report into illegal interrogation techniques used by the police. Hirsch Ballin also served again as a professor of International law at the Tilburg University from 1 July 1994 until 22 September 2006 and also as a professor of Jurisprudence at the Tilburg University from 1 September 1996 until 22 September 2006. Hirsch Ballin was elected as a Member of the Senate after the Senate election of 1995, he resigned as a Member of the House of Representatives on 1 June 1995 and was installed as a Member of the Senate, taking office on 13 June 1995. In October 2000 Hirsch Ballin was nominated as Member of the Council of State, he resigned as a Member of the Senate the same day he was installed as a Member of the Council of State, taking office on 1 November 2000. Hirsch Ballin was appointed again as Minister of Justice in the Cabinet Balkenende III following the resignation of Piet Hein Donner, taking office on 22 September 2006. Shortly thereafter Hirsch Ballin announced that he would not stand for the election of 2006. Following the cabinet formation of 2006 Hirsch Ballin continued as Minister of Justice in the Cabinet Balkenende IV, taking office on 22 February 2007. The Cabinet Balkenende IV fell on 20 February 2010 after tensions in the coalition over the extension of the Dutch involvement in the Task Force Urozgan of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan and continued to serve in a demissionary capacity with Hirsch Ballin continuing as Minister of Justice and also took over as Minister of the Interior and Kingdom Relations, taking office on 23 February 2010. In April 2010 Hirsch Ballin announced that he would not stand for the election of 2010. Following the cabinet formation of 2010 Hirsch Ballin was not giving a cabinet post in the new cabinet, the Cabinet Balkenende IV was replaced by the Cabinet Rutte I on 14 October 2010.

Paragraph 14: During the War of the Third Coalition, he participated in the Battle of Dürenstein; during this battle, in the cross-fire between Pierre Dupont and himself, Johann Heinrich von Schmitt was shot by one of Dokhturov's infantrymen. Dokhturov also commanded the first column in the Battle of Austerlitz, where his force was isolated with its back to a lake. When some of his men tried to escape over the frozen lake, French artillery fire shattered the ice and many Russians perished. In general, however, he managed to extricate his troops from the French envelopment at Pratzen. During the War of the Fourth Coalition, Dokhturov fought at Eylau and Friedland. Promoted to General of Infantry in 1810, Dokhturov fought in the Battle of Smolensk. In the Battle of Borodino he commanded in the center of the Russian line and after Pyotr Bagration was mortally wounded, he commanded the left flank. Dokhturov was involved in heavy fighting once again when he led his Sixth Corps in the Battle of Maloyaroslavets. When the Russians discovered that some French troops were near Fominskoe, Field Marshal Kutusov ordered Dokhturov to attack them. But just before Dokhturov attacked, Russian partisans warned him that the French force near Fominskoe was no mere detachment; it was the main French army, commanded by Napoleon himself. Thus was a Russian catastrophe averted. Kutusov then sent Dokhturov to Maloyaroslavets, a town with a population of 1,600 people. Here Dokhturov encountered the corps of Napoleon's stepson, Eugène de Beauharnais, which consisted of largely Italian troops. Battle raged all day in the streets of Maloyaroslavets, as 32,000 Russians fought 24,000 Italians. The Italians in particular fought with distinction in this battle. By the end of the day the town had burned to the ground, killing hundreds of wounded Russian and Italian soldiers who in their desperate condition could not drag themselves out of the inferno. The battle was a draw, with perhaps a small advantage for the Italians. There were about 7,000 casualties on each side. Eugene and his Italians occupied Maloyaroslavets, but Dokhturov and his Russians occupied a strong position just south of town blocking the road to Kaluga.

Paragraph 15:  Bombi Bitt och jag (1968) (Eng: Bombi Bitt and Me). A Swedish mini series focusing on a respectable young boy named Eli, and his friend Edvin/Bombi Bitt (Stellan Skarsgård), a wild rascal (whom parents forbid their children from being friends with), in the early days of the 20th Century. Bombi Bitt is depicted a child left to look after himself, and is disinterested in the knowledge gained from books (implied to be illiterate) The narration, for the first episode, establishes that Bombi Bitt's mother (Margaretha Krook) is a dispised woman, who lives with her son in a tiny cottage, and commits fornication with "tattare" (an ethnic slur for Romani people in Sweden, usually used for the Roma group known as Travellers). The narration states that the identity of Bombi Bitt's father is unknown (though, as his mother is said to sleep with Travellers, it is possible that the boy's father was one). It is left unclear if Bombi Bitt's mother is a Traveller herself. She is depicted as a dark woman, who drinks, is abusive towards her son, and sleeps around. Together with two men, she plots to steal the church silver, but their plan is foiled by Bombi Bitt and Eli. With the aid of the church keys (which they acquire with the aid of a bottle of moonshine, that Bombi Bitt says was dropped by some Traveller), the boys move and hide the church silver before the heist. Towards the end of the series, Eli and Bombi Bitt head to the market in Kivik. At the market, a group of Kalderash (one of whom is played by Romani singer and civil rights activist Hans Caldaras) sing and dance for the visitors.The Kalderash Roma sing in the Romani language, and are never shown being able to speak Swedish. At the market, there is also a Traveller husband and wife, who work with horse castration. The husband is depicted as a drunk, who pulls a knife at people. The wife pulls up her skirt in front of a full crowd.

Paragraph 16: María wrote La Cruz del Morro ("The Cross of El Morro") in 1862, making her the first Puerto Rican to write a dramatic play. The play premiered at Teatro Municipal, San Juan on June 16, 1897 to commemorate the centennial of the English attack on the city. La Cruz was based on the attack of the city of San Juan by the Dutch with the intention of invading Puerto Rico in 1625 and the defense by the islanders. In the play, Balduino, the captain of the Dutch navy falls in love with Lola and pursues her. Lola is the wife of Captain Amezquita, a Spanish soldier who is in charge of the defense of el Morro. Balduino promises that the Puerto Rican and Spanish prisoners will be released in exchange for favors from Lola, but she refuses. A final duel between Amezquita and Balduino repairs all grievances. It was not considered a very well-written play, but its patriotic themes inspired loyalty to the Spanish government. The positive representation of female characters in the play makes Maria one of the first feminists of Puerto Rico. The play was recently presented by el Conservatorio de Arte Dramático del Ateneo in March 2011 at the Ateneo Puertorriqueño as part of the XXXIV Festival de Teatro del Ateneo. The production starred Joealis Filippetti, Ricardo Magriñá, Teresita Marrero, Rolando Reyes y Jesús Aguad and was directed by Benigna Ojeda.

Paragraph 17: Assigned to provide dispatch service to support American Relief Committee efforts, and to protect American nationals and interests, Sands arrived at Allied-occupied Istanbul on 11 November. Nine days later, she fueled at the Standard Oil docks at Selvi Bournu, then commenced her first cruise. Into late December, she steamed off Samsun and Trebizond, observing as Greeks were deported from those areas. After returning briefly to Istanbul, she steamed to Alexandretta, whence she continued on to Cilicia. There she called at Mersin, site of an American mission and relief distribution center, and remained through most of January 1922. On 3 February, she was back at Istanbul; and, on the 8th, she got underway for Novorossiysk. From the 8th to the 19th, she supported relief work in that city, then proceeded to Samsun where, with one interruption to retrieve a drifting barge near Inebole, she remained until 8 March. Two days later, she returned to Constantinople; and, on the 18th, she shifted to Selvi Bournu to assist in firefighting efforts in the oil storage area. With the fires under control, she put back into Istanbul and, on the 22d, got underway to again call at Mersin. By 7 April, she had retransited the Dardanelles and the Sea of Marmara. On 8 May, she passed through the Bosporus. From the 9th to the 22d, she was at Odessa, whence she shifted to Theodosia and then continued to Novorossisk. In early June, she was at Trabzon; and, on the 4th, she arrived at Samsun where, for several days, she steamed off the harbor entrance as Greek and Turkish forces exchanged fire.

Paragraph 18: Professor Utonium's eight-year-old son who is somewhat responsible for turning regular girls into the Powerpuff Girls Z and numerous other characters into villains using Chemical Z. He used it to blast a glacier in order to set the weather back to normal, but the impact resulted in the explosion of several lights, which affected all those who came in contact with it. Despite being younger than the girls, he acts a lot more mature and the education he receives from his father is considered more advanced than what the girls learn in their school, earning his PhD at an early age. Ken, in a later episode, attended school in order to gain social skills and make friends. While he considers grade school life boring, he has made several friends, including Jou, who was originally his rival and Kuriko who is Momoko's young sister. Ken sees the girls as older sisters and has to often put up with them, though he still cares for them deeply. Ken interchanges between calling Professor Utonium "Dad" and "Professor". During a serious situation (such as a monster attack or investigation) he will try to refer to Utonium as "Professor," but in less serious situations (like packing a lunch) he will call him "Dad." Ken often corrects himself, because he usually uses the wrong honorific (e.g. "Dad, I mean, Professor"). In the twenty-sixth episode, it is revealed that Ken's mother works on a space station, therefore making her very busy and unable to be with Ken. Thanks to the girls and Santa Claus (whom he believed did not exist at first based on a 70% possibility), he was able to see her and is now able to communicate with her clearly on the lab's monitor. In episode 37, when the Powerpuff Girls Z are "grounded" from using their powers for a day when they have to take a test in school, Ken fills in for them, donning a superhero suit consisting of a black bodysuit, a white cape, white gloves, white boots, a red vest with gold shoulder pads and a yellow "Z" on it, and a blue helmet with the yellow letters "KK" on it, while brandishing a blue polearm with a yellow "U" at the end, and calling himself "Kamikaze Ken Z". Despite having no powers or attacks, he uses traps and other props as weapons when he defends their lab from the Gangreen Gang, ultimately driving them off by tricking them into drinking bottles of hot sauce (thinking they were the containers of Chemical Z). Ken's pre-production art bears a strong resemblance to Dexter from Dexter's Laboratory, even the current incarnation. However, in one of the special edition  booklets, it is explained the design originated from Kid Utonium from the original series.

Paragraph 19: In 1976 Francesca Llopis enrolles at escola EINA  where she meets Dani Freixes, América Sánchez, Albert Ràfols-Casamada, Maria Girona  and Manel Esclusa, among others. Between 1979 and 1981 she shares an interior design studio with Josep Maria Civit and Ton Auquer and obtains an artistic residence grant at the Teater Studio in the Pałac Kultury in Warsaw. The inevitable and foreseeable coup d'etat transforms and creates a new pictorial imaginary to the artist, making her to question the lyrical abstraction of her first stage. From this inflection point, the "trip" will constitute a fundamental part of her process in the artistic work.  Between 1983 and 1986, she begins her professional career: Història d'una temptació (History of a temptation) at MedaMOTHI in Montpellier, Barcelona trasbalsada (Barcelona overwhelmed) at Metronome and Els dits gèlids (The Frozen fingers) at Maeght gallery, in Barcelona, and Tráfico de efectos (Traffic of effects) at Montenegro gallery in Madrid. In 1988, she has an artist's residence at the Accademia di Roma and at the École des Beaux Arts of Nîmes, where Arnau Puig defines her painting as "semantic structuralism" in reference to her obsession with the built space and the meaning of words. In 2002 she presents her first video installation 2 habitacions amb vistes (2 rooms with views), a social portrait of Barcelona. In 2004 she develops ETC as a work in progress to discuss the absence of women artists in the history of art. In 2009, a new pictorial stage begins where inks and notebooks are assembled randomly, rising to different artistic artefacts, films and murals. In 2015, she participates in the Biennial of Noseden (Art line),  in Japan, with Dealers of memory, which consists of two interventions: the video installation Apunts per un iceberg (Notes for an iceberg), in the Kurokawana school and the installation Llibre de llàgrimes (Book of tears) in the Myoken temple where she relates the intimate and the public, the original and the Universe. In 2016, in the SakaiArtePorto exhibition in Japan, she makes the installation Traction action from joining humanity to the Universe through an infinity made with pink pigmental footprints from the city's walkers. She makes a residence on performance at Art in Nature in Busan, Korea. In 2017, she presents the installation Llum! (Light!) with neon and glass at Montjuïc Castle in Barcelona, as a reflection of historical memory, the performance us & the state of things in Köln, Barcelona and other places, and Big Draw at Picasso Museum in Barcelona with Insecta'm and Enjardina't (Insect me and Garden yourself).

Paragraph 20: It was established in 1903 by parishioners belonging to Morakkala St Mary's Cathedral, due to the distance they had to travel for their spiritual needs(more than 5 km). More than 300 families were part of this parish at that time. They set up a new church in the hillock of Thamarachal dedicated to St Mary. The following year St Peter's and St Paul's Church, Kizhakkambalam was established and a large number of parishioners joined the new parish. In 1907 the holy relic of Mor Yacoob and Mor Samavoon, given by St. Sleeba Mor Osthathious, was installed. The Sunday School was established in 1915 and the following year some of the parishioners founded a parish at Oorakkad dedicated to St Thomas, to meet their spiritual needs. This parish established a school in the 1920s and later was closed to make way for the nearby Government school. In 1935 a chapel was established at Chemmalapady dedicated to St Ignatius of Manjinikkara. In 1950 South Vazhakulam St George Church Was founded by Members of this parishThis parishes Golden Jubilee came in the year 1953 and to commentate that a chapel was established at Malayidomthuruthu, which later became part of Malayidomthuruthu St Mary's Church. In 1968 Marthamariyam Vanitha Samajam came into existence. In 1975 and 1980 two new parishes were established at Malayidomthuruthu and Vilangu respectively, both dedicated to St Mary. Mor Yacoob Mor Samavoon Youth Association came into existence in 1982. This year also witnessed the 1st Apostolic Visit of H H Ignatius Zakka I Iwas Patriarch of Antioch to this church. Ettunombu celebration began in 1986 and St Mary's holy "Soonoro" was installed in 1988. Pukkattupady St George church came into existence in 1990 from this church. In that year itself a new English Medium School was established, along with St Mary's Charitable Society, under this parish, which later became a CBSE School. In 2002-03 this church celebrated its Century. In 2008 St Mary's Family Unit was established under this parish. This year also saw the Second Apostolic visit of H H Ignatius Zakka I Iwas Patriarch of Antioch and this holy church was elevated as Valiyapally, due to its importance in the region and in the Jacobite church. In 2010 a unit of Mar Gregorios Jacobite Students' Movement(MGJSM), was established here and this church remained as the Pallikkara Region's Headquarters of MGJSM till 2013. The Marian convention centre is the largest parish hall in a Jacobite church. This parish currently has 600 families 3 chapels and 5 shrines.

Paragraph 21: The name "Ori" comes from the word "origin," as in the origin of the Ancients. When executive producer Robert C. Cooper looked at the root of "origin," he retcon-invented the word "Origin" as the name of the Ori religion. Cooper said it was an interesting idea for him to address the philosophical arguments with various religious people, seeing the whole challenge as "how do you prove whose God exists or whether God exists at all?" Unlike the Goa'uld, who were quickly proven to not be gods after killing them and figuring out their technology, it would be hard to present the same argument to the Ori followers because the Ori were essentially ascended gods. Even if their gods were dead, it would not make much difference to them, as their followers would continue to believe; without the "magic powers" of the Ori, their followers and the Priors (the Ori's missionaries) could still use the technology and their ships. Cooper said that "it's not necessarily wrong to believe in something [...] what's wrong is to murder somebody because they don't believe the way you do." Although Cooper was reluctant to get too serious about the meaning behind the Ori as Stargate should "first and foremost [...] entertain people," he considered it representative of television and the media "mak[ing] people believe whatever the people in charge of that magic box–whatever they want you to believe–they can pretty much convince you, or convince the vast majority of people." For Cooper, "the followers of the Ori were the interesting part," and he "wanted to do a story that was in some way reflective of the differences between people's beliefs that we see around us in our society, and how conflicts arise as a result of that." Cooper was particularly interested in the interaction between Ori followers and other normal human beings and the resulting "mysterious aspect and quality to religious belief and the passion that it invokes." The producers therefore inserted the Ori into the story's background, similar to the way there was very little direct interaction between the actual deities of the religion and mankind in real life.

Paragraph 22: Unlike some of the other nearby islands which were formerly marshland, Potton Island has been inhabited at least since the Neolithic era.  It was home to several arable farms until it flooded in 1884, leading to its temporary abandonment and longer-term use as pasture.  The island was reclaimed in the 1940s but some time after being acquired by the Ministry of Defence in 1955 it reverted to pasture. In June 2005, it was disclosed that Potton Island was considered by John Major's Conservative government in the 1980s or 1990s as a potential long-term storage site for high-level nuclear waste. Local government (Southend-on-Sea Borough Council) subsequently expressed their surprise and concern that they had not been party to any consultation on the matter.

Paragraph 23: The "Five" were released within a week of their arrest when the Official Solicitor Norman Turner, on receipt of the papers, successfully applied to the Court of Appeal. The Official Solicitor is a court official who represents those who are unable to represent their own interests. For this case, he was assisted in the Court of Appeal by barrister John Vinelott, later a High Court judge. The Official Solicitor was successful in his application to overturn the arrest warrants, on the grounds that the National Industrial Relations Court had insufficient grounds to deprive them of their liberty and that the evidence of the private investigators was insufficient.

Paragraph 24: Right from the start, the day's breakaway was formed. Simon Pellaud () and Umberto Marengo () were once again part of the break, as was Samuele Rivi () and stage 3 winner Taco van der Hoorn ().  missed the initial break attempt, but Kobe Goossens attacked across shortly after to make it a quintet out front. While Goossens and van der Hoorn were content to roll over the intermediate sprint, Marengo, Pellaud, and Rivi had a cagey contest for the points on offer, and Rivi got the better of Marengo while Pellaud settled for third. The break eventually joined back together, but shortly thereafter, they were forced to stop at a closed level crossing to let a train pass. However, because it was a rather quick stoppage, race commissaires deemed it a 'race incident' and the peloton behind were not forced to stop as well in order to maintain the breakaway's advantage, which had already been quite slim but was slashed in half from just under three minutes to around one and a half minutes. On the slopes of the third and last uncategorized climb, Marengo was dropped from the break after an acceleration from Pellaud. Meanwhile, in the peloton behind,  took to the front and ramped up the pace, adopting a similar strategy to what they did on stage 3 in order to drop as many of Peter Sagan's sprint rivals as possible. The main damage was done on the Valico della Somma: as Marengo dropped back to the peloton, several sprinters, including Dylan Groenewegen (), maglia ciclamino Tim Merlier (), and Giacomo Nizzolo (), were among those that could not cope with 's furious pace and were dropped. Giovanni Aleotti, in his debut Giro and Grand Tour, led the  train and the peloton over the summit of the Valico della Somma to take the maximum mountains classification points on offer unchallenged, with teammates Daniel Oss and Emanuel Buchmann sweeping up the rest of the points. Victor Campenaerts () had dropped back to try and pace his teammate Nizzolo back up to the peloton, but the duo never managed to chip into their deficit and they eventually resigned themselves to being out of contention for the final sprint.  came to front to help , while  lined up ahead of the second intermediate sprint for team leader Remco Evenepoel to try and take some bonus seconds. Seeing this,  also presented themselves at the front of the peloton, with former race leader Filippo Ganna leading out current race leader Egan Bernal to maintain the latter's 15-second gap over second-placed Evenepoel. Neither GC contender seemed to give the sprint too much effort, but when Bernal's teammate Jhonatan Narváez saw that Bernal would not be able to come around Evenepoel, he let off his own sprint to take the maximum of three bonus seconds, with Evenepoel getting two seconds to Bernal's one to reduce the deficit to 14 seconds.

Paragraph 25: In 1962, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) received two applications for the channel 37 allocation belonging to Paterson, New Jersey—one from the Spanish International Broadcasting Corporation, which at the time only owned two stations, and another from Progress Broadcasting, owner of WHOM (1480 AM). Additionally, use of channel 37 in Paterson had been contemplated for a potential educational station for northern New Jersey. However, even as the channel had picked up a further two interested parties by April 1963, it was not a broadcaster at all that drove the proceedings. The Vermilion River Observatory in Danville, Illinois, a radio astronomy facility, objected to any channel 37 facility being built—the channel having been allocated to 19 communities across the country—because their observatory was designed to detect signals in the 608–614 MHz range, coinciding with channel 37; using these frequencies, the observatory could detect specific types of radiation that existed at no other wavelength. The FCC, arguing that there was no other available channel for a station in Paterson, proposed initially to award no channel 37 station within  of Danville and that all stations would have overnight broadcasts curtailed. An editorial in The New York Times called on the FCC to reserve the channel on a national basis for radio astronomy.

Paragraph 26: After extensive training in the Caribbean, USS Hanson returned to Newport, Rhode Island. On 6 January 1950, USS Hanson, headed across the Atlantic in convoy with elements of the Sixth Fleet, including , and at least two cruisers ( was among these), twelve destroyers in all, including the  and support auxiliaries. This would be USS Hansons third Mediterranean deployment. Port calls included Rota (Spain), Gibraltar, Libya, Sicily, France, Alexandroupolis (Greece), Pisa (Italy), Livorno (Italy), Trieste (Italy) and Taranto (Italy). In May 1950, USS Hanson returned west from Gibraltar after ending the Mediterranean deployment, arriving at her home port on June 1, 1950. Once USS Hanson returned, she was ordered to change home ports to San Diego. However, on 25 June 1950, armed conflict broke out on the Korean peninsula. USS Hanson was scheduled to travel to Korea, bypassing her new home port of San Diego and heading straight to Pearl Harbor and becoming part of T.F.77, bound for Pusan, Korea, escorting US Marines to the war zone.En route to and when departing from Pusan, Hanson provided plane guard for the carriers, acted as a beacon for returning aircraft (bird dog operations), fired shore bombardment and sought out enemy planes with her air search radar. In her first major deployment in the war found  Hanson, along with 300 other warships, participate in the amphibious operations at Inchon on 15 September 1950. The tides at Inchon changed as much as 30 to 40 feet, and the currents were fierce, making it exceedingly difficult for the troops to get ashore. Anti-ship mines were a great hazard and extra lookouts were posted to locate and destroy them using her 40 mm anti-aircraft guns. The North Koreans would tie two mines together using a length of cable causing the two mines to draw together against a passing ship setting off the mines and damaging or sinking the vessel. North Koreans would also place mines and fishermen in fishing vessels to trick US ships into helping the people aboard; the mines would detonate, damaging or sinking the Navy ship. Hanson on two occasions encountered such fishing boats full of people and mines, but stayed clear and fired its anti-aircraft guns on the vessels causing them to explode and sink taking the boats' crews down with them. The North Koreans also let mines float freely on the open ocean, which was against the Geneva Conventions. Hanson headed to Sasebo, Japan, her temporary home port about two weeks before Thanksgiving of 1950. On Thanksgiving Day Hanson left Sasebo and headed back to Korea.  Hanson provided fire cover for the successful evacuation of Hŭngnam and Wonsan, just before Christmas that year. With the Mediterranean operation and the her participation in the Korean war, Hanson sailed for 254 days in 1950. Hanson would stay at sea until mid-January 1951, before returning to Sasebo. Hanson would finally reach her new home port of San Diego in April 1951.

Paragraph 27: As "poor little rich girl" Amanda Brown performs for a record producer, she hopes that this is finally her time to make it as a pop star ("Good For You"). Jesse returns home to his dirty Brooklyn apartment where he is greeted by his roommate Nick. After a brief discussion with his roommate, Jesse goes to bed, but not before a quick smoke ("Rewrite This Story"). Following a confrontation with her family, who threaten to cut her off financially if she pursues her pop star dreams, Amanda, depressed and lonely heads to a deserted Brooklyn pier, where she contemplates suicide ("Broadway, Here I Come!"). Jesse seeing that Amanda is about to kill herself, intervenes by singing to her ("Anymore"). Infatuated with Amanda, Jesse delightedly tells his roommate about his love for her ("If I Had You"). Growing closer together Jesse and Amanda discuss Hollywood's biggest pop-star to date, The Diva ("Reach For Me"). Jesse confused as to why Amanda would want to be a fake sell out like The Diva, sits while she explains what it takes to be original ("Original"). After making love, Amanda sneaks out of bed, steals all of Jesse's sheet music and disappears into the night. Days later Nick sits in the apartment writing when Jesse enters, they discuss Amanda's disappearance. Jesse, the only one convinced Amanda didn't kill herself doubts that she will return. Two months later Jesse and Nick are closing up the bar in which they work at when Jesse takes interest in the radio. A familiar song echoes through the speakers as Jesse realizes it's Amanda singing one of his songs ("Anymore Reprise"). The radio DJ announces that the song is the newest single by up and rising pop-star Nina Hope. Jesse convinced he has to find Nina makes his way to Los Angeles ("I Heard Your Voice In A Dream"). Outside a small club Jesse comes face to face with Amanda transformed into Nina Hope. Jesse goes to Nina's hotel room, where he is coaxed into writing more music to help Nina's career. As Nina career ascends, Jesse falls back into drug abuse. Nina takes over the party of talent manager JB Planko and forces an audition onto him, he agrees to represent her ("Pretender"). Jesse looms over Nina, JB informs him that it doesn't matter if Nina lies about writing her own music regardless records will sell, after all it is a business ("Guide To Success"). Jesse sits in Nina's hotel room hidden away from the world writing music ("Don't Let Me Know (Pre-Reprise)"). Nina checks in on his writing and begins practicing "her" newest hit to perform for JB ("Don't Let Me Know"). JB loving Nina wants to market her to the world, what better way then a duet performance on the international television broadcast of the VMAs between Nina and his currently biggest star The Diva ("I'm Not Sorry"). As Nina's career soars The Diva has a public breakdown. Nina goes on a publicity tour, advertising her new cd "Hopeful". Jesse appalled that Nina would throw The Diva under the bus on Conan, pleads for her to join him on a trip back to New York. Nina tells JB of her plans to return home for a brief trip when he kisses her, they make love. Jesse waits for Nina, who is not coming, depressed leaves without her ("Caught In The Storm").

Paragraph 28: In the meantime, Samaresh meets Dr. Kripalani (the hospital superintendent who doesn't like Krishnendu at all) and promised him the Principal's post if he can finish Krishnedu's career. Dr. Kripalani involved Meghna (a second year student and grand daughter of the famous and influential Dr. Subol Majumdar) in his evil plan to frame Krishnedu and defame his character. Meghna requested Krishnendu's help in her study and met him at a secluded place and pretended to be sick all on a sudden. When Krishnendu tried to help her, a photographer hired by Kriplani took some deceptively intimate photographs of Krishnendu and Meghna. As soon as Krishnendu understood that he had been framed he left the place hurriedly and was hit by a speeding car! He was admitted in critical condition to BIMS hospital. Juni requested everybody to conceal Krishnedu's identity so that Samaresh can operate Krishnendu and save his life. In the meantime, Ronit (a newly appointed doctor at BIMS) joined hand with Meghna so that Juni and Krishnendu could be separated from each other. When Kanika discovered that Samaresh is Juni's father, she asked Krishnendu not to keep any relation with Juni any more. Ranit conspired with Meghna and showed Krishnendu and Meghna's intimate photos to Juni, which filled her heart with hatred for Krishnendu and decides to marry Ronit. Kanika's illness brought Juni and Krishnendu together again, and finally Krishnendu proved her innocence to Juni by showing a video that was shot along with the photographs by the same person. Juni blackmailed her mother Malabika to confess that Samaresh lied in the court to send Saradindu in to jail for rape and attempt to murder of nurse Arunima who was working in the same Blue Paradise Nurshing home where Saradindu and Samaresh were working as doctors. Juni started investigating on her own the truth behind Saradindu's conviction.  Samaresh, Dr. Kriplani and Ronit framed Krishnedu again while he flouted hospital norms my treating an injured person (father of a student of BIMS) when no doctors were available. And Krishnendu was expelled from BIMS. All the students of BIMS protested against Krishnendu's rustication and were arrested as they sat on a hunger strike. At that point, being desperate to save Krishnedu's career, Juni struck a deal with Meghna and promised to go out of Krishnendu's life for ever. Meghna requested her grandpa Subol Majumdar, who used his influence to get Krishnendu back to BIMS once again and finally Meghna and Krishnendu became good friends. Subol Majumdar, who is respected by all, had some evil plans as well. At Subol's quarter Krishnedu got a letter written by Arunima with the allegation that Saradindu raped and tried to kill Arunima and because of this offence Saradindu is serving the jail sentence, that fills Krishnendu's heart with hatred for his father Saradindu. Juni's weird behaviour (of distancing herself from Krishnedu) and hatred for his own father, made Krishnendu almost insane.

Paragraph 29: Willy (Campbell Scott), a personal trainer, and his friend John (Dermot Mulroney) are spending time with affluent gay couple David (Bruce Davison) and Sean (Mark Lamos) at their beach house on Fire Island for the 4th of July. Sean is a screenwriter for the popular daytime soap opera  Other People  and David comes from a blue blood background and has a large trust fund. Back in the city, Howard (Patrick Cassidy) is preparing to audition for Sean's soap. His boyfriend is Paul (John Dossett), a business executive and their next-door neighbor is Lisa (Mary-Louise Parker), an antiques dealer, whose brother  Fuzzy (Stephen Caffrey) is a lawyer who represents Howard.

Paragraph 30: In 1994, Jim Kaat was the lead analyst on Baseball Tonight for ESPN's coverage of Major League Baseball. In 1995, he was nominated for a New York Emmy Award for "On Camera Achievement." Also in , Kaat called the American League playoffs with Brent Musburger for ABC/The Baseball Network including the New York Yankees–Seattle Mariners Division Series. He served his second stint as an announcer for Yankees games on the MSG Network/YES Network (–), where his straight-shooting style was much in the mode of former Yankees broadcasters Tony Kubek and Bill White. Towards the end of his second stint with the Yankees, his workload decreased. In 2006, he only broadcast 65 games. Despite his decreased work load, Kaat won another Emmy for on-air achievement in 2006. In an on-air broadcast on September 10,  with booth partner Ken Singleton, Kaat acknowledged his plan to end his broadcasting career. His final appearance in the booth was to be a New York Yankees–Boston Red Sox game on September 15, 2006 (Kaat was also set to throw out the first pitch). However, the game was postponed due to rain. Kaat later announced that he was going to record a special farewell message to the fans, but would not return for any additional broadcasts. However, the following day, Kaat did announce one full inning of the first game of Saturday September 16's doubleheader on Fox along with Tim McCarver and Josh Lewin. During that Fox telecast he was able to say goodbye to the Yankees fans, an opportunity that the previous night's rainout had deprived him of doing on the YES Network. In , Kaat joined the recently launched MLB Network as a color commentator for their MLB Network Showcase series. Kaat also writes a weekly on-line blog for the Yankees (YES) Network, Kaat's Korner, and contributes video blogs and interviews regularly with national and international media outlets. One of the reasons he got back into regular broadcasting was because after his wife died, Tim McCarver and Elizabeth Schumacher, his friend and business manager, urged him to get back into the game. He also called Pool D in Puerto Rico for the 2009 World Baseball Classic games for an international feed.