Paragraph 1: The  show's teaser, set June 25, 1876, depicts an army scout, a sergeant and a trooper finding evidence of Indians. An arrow strikes the scout in the back while the regular soldiers fire their carbines at an unseen foe. The time jumps ahead to the present, June 25, 1964, the 88th anniversary of the Battle of the Little Bighorn. Three United States Army National Guard soldiers (Connors, McCluskey and Langsford) are in a M3 Stuart tank participating in a war game near the site of the Battle of the Little Bighorn, where General George Armstrong Custer made his last stand. Their orders coincide with the route of Custer and his men. As they follow the route, they hear strange things such as Indian battle cries and horses running when nobody is there. Connors wonders if they have somehow gone back in time. When they return, Connors reports to his Captain Dennet what occurred and is reprimanded.

Paragraph 2: An unnamed Boy is put in the special class at school after he attacks a classmate who teased him about the burn mark on his back. The Boy's father regularly abused him, including leaving the burn on his back by throwing an iron at him.  His mother abandoned him, and he now lives with an aunt and uncle he feels don't care anything about him. In the class, he meets Asato, a quiet boy who rarely talks. Asato's mother murdered his father and then tried to kill Asato as well.  While alone with Asato after school, the Boy hurts himself carving. Asato comes over and touches him, and half the wound leaves the boy's arm and moves to Asato's so that they are equally sharing the pain. They become friends that day, and begin exploring the depths of Asato's powers. After Asato removes a scrape from a little boy's knee, the child's mother treats them to ice cream.  At the parlor, they meet Shiho, a young woman with a burned face who hides her scars behind a mask. When a kid the Boy had pushed out of a window breaks his arm with a baseball bat, Asato takes that wound as well, but then moves it to the kid with the bat. The Boy decides Asato should move all of his wounds to his father, who is lying unconscious and dying in the hospital. Whenever gets new injuries, the Boy would take Asato there to use his father's dying body as a "dumping ground." Eventually, they share the secret of Asato's powers with Shiho and she asks Asato to remove the burn for just three days so she can remember what its like to live without it. She leaves town afterward, however, and Asato sinks into a depression.  No one can stand looking at him with the scar on his face, even the Boy, so they go to the hospital to give it to the Boy's father.  However, when the arrive, they find he had just died.  The Boy cries for him, and asks Asato to move all the scars back from his father's body to him instead.  Asato says he can't and runs, and the Boy realizes Asato had never given any of the wounds to his father after all. Asato runs from through the hospital, curing everyone he touches and taking on their wounds. The Boy realizes Asato wants to die because he thinks no one wants him. Outside, he takes on the fatal wounds of an accident victim, but the Boy convinces him to give him half, just like the day they became friends, so that they could share the pain equally. The wounds are serious and both spend a long time in the hospital, but during the stay the Boy comes to the conclusion that Asato was given the power because he had a pure heart, and that he wants Asato to always know someone is there willing to share his pain.

Paragraph 3: The Ventrilo client and server are both available as freeware for use with up to 8 people on the same server. Rented servers can maintain up to 400 people. The Ventrilo server is available under a limited license for Microsoft Windows and macOS and is accessible on FreeBSD Kopi, Solaris and NetBSD. The client is available for Windows and macOS.  However, the macOS client is still unable to properly use most servers because of a lack of support for the sparsely used GSM codec. Flagship Industries does not offer a Linux Ventrilo client. Third party Ventrilo clients are available for mobile devices, such as Ventrilode for iPhone and Ventriloid for Android.

Paragraph 4: The news coverage of the event stated that the Peace Democrats were responsible for beginning the event. One such news source, from the Chicago Tribune, later reprinted in the Charleston Courier, labeled Nelson Wells as the instigator of the conflict. Most articles published from the time, insist that the whole event transpired as a more spontaneous event and was not directly prompted by any one individual. The most likely explanation is that the event occurred because a sizable presence of both Copperheads and Union soldiers had been in town that day. Also many sources speculate that a sizable portion of the participants, at least on the side of the Peace Democrats, had been drinking quite heavily all day, and this led to the outbreak that resulted in the confrontation. At any rate, the fighting only lasted a few moments. But by the time the affair was over, the Copperheads had been run out of Charleston. Rewards had been issued for the capture of any of those whom fled the scene. Included in those who left town, was John O’Hair, the leader of the Copperheads, who had been the sheriff of Coles County. Out of those killed, only two had been Copperheads, Nelson Wells and John Cooper; the other participants had been either captured or escaped. Other Union troops were called in from Mattoon to assist the soldiers fighting in Charleston, but by the time their train arrived, none of the instigators were left in the town. Fifteen prisoners were eventually held for seven months, initially in Springfield, Illinois. President Lincoln, whose father and stepmother had lived in Coles County, waived the prisoners' right to Habeas Corpus and ordered their removal to Fort Delaware in the East. He ordered their release on November 4, 1864. Two of the prisoners had been indicted for murder and were exonerated by trial in December, 1864. Twelve other Copperheads had also been indicted for murder. They were never captured, and the indictments were annulled in May 1873.

Paragraph 5:  At the close of 1757, after Pitt's dismissal, Shebbeare issued his sixth letter, "in which is shown that the present grandeur of France and calamities of this nation are owing to the influence of Hanover on the councils of England." On 12 January 1758 a general warrant was issued against the author, printer, and publisher. On 23 January all copies of a seventh Letter were seized and suppressed. On 17 June Shebbeare was tried for libel on an information laid against him by the attorney-general, Pratt, who on this occasion admitted the right of the jury to judge of the law. During the trial, as Walpole laments, Mansfield laid it down that satires on dead kings were punishable. In summing up he declared that the Letter nearly approached high treason. On 28 Nov. Shebbeare was sentenced to a £5 fine and three years' imprisonment in King's Bench Prison, as well as having to pay a bond of £500 and find two £250 sureties for good behaviour for seven years on his release. He was also to stand in the pillory at Charing Cross on 5 December. Owing to the friendship of Arthur Beardmore, the under-sheriff, he was allowed to stand upright between the upper and lower boards of the pillory, while an Irish chairman held an umbrella over his head. At the end of an hour he retired amidst the cheers of the crowd, who had been invited by printed bills to come and see 'the British champion.' Beardmore was afterwards punished for his conduct. An anonymous squib appeared under the title Memoirs of the Pillory; being a consolatory Epistle to Dr. Shebbeare. While in prison Shebbeare received subscriptions for a history of England, and actually composed one volume, which was not published. When attacked on the subject in a letter in the Public Advertiser of 10 Aug. 1774 he excused himself chiefly on the ground of debts incurred in consequence of a lawsuit against Francis Gwyn, who had been concerned with him in the publication of an edition of Clarendon's History of the Reign of Charles II. The book, for which Shebbeare wrote a strong tory introduction, was suppressed by an injunction in chancery at the instance of the Duchess of Queensberry, and, though Shebbeare recovered expenses from Gwyn, half the sum went in costs. Notwithstanding his position, he refused to avail himself of the Insolvent Act. On his release he advocated peace with France, and attacked John Wilkes. On 29 Feb. 1764 a memorial signed by several members of parliament was presented to George Grenville in his favour, and Shebbeare was granted a pension of £200 a year. The king, in reply to Sir John Philips, who made the application, is said to have spoken of Shebbeare "in very favourable terms." Almon's statement that a pension of £400 had been previously granted by Bute seems doubtful. Henceforth Shebbeare became a steady advocate of the measures of the court, and even assailed his old favourite, Pitt.

Paragraph 6: Millmount is a large fortified complex situated on a great mound on the South bank of the River Boyne located in Drogheda, County Louth, Ireland. The fort has played a crucial part in Drogheda's history and has been a dominant feature from Norman settlement, to Cromwell's invasion to the more recent Civil War in 1922, in which the famous Martello tower was shelled and all but destroyed. Today the complex houses the Millmount Museum which houses a wide variety of artifacts of local and national importance. The complex is Drogheda's most dominant feature, clearly visible from all parts of the town. The Martello tower is affectionately known as "The Cup and Saucer" by locals. The whole fort is a national monument and has been designated as Drogheda's Cultural Quarter.

Paragraph 7: After the Flyers traded away Jeff Carter and Mike Richards in the 2011 off-season, Giroux took over the role as first line centre for the club. The trading of Richards and Carter also made him the second-longest tenured member of the Flyers. Giroux formed a new top line with Scott Hartnell and free agent acquisition Jaromír Jágr. Giroux led the League in point-scoring for much of the season, and was considered a favourite for the Hart Memorial Trophy for League MVP at the season's All-Star break. He finished the season, however, 16 points behind eventual Hart Trophy winner Evgeni Malkin. On April 13, 2012, Giroux recorded his first career hat trick during game two of the first round of the 2012 playoffs against Pittsburgh. He recorded six points during that same game, earning a Flyers record for most points during a single Stanley Cup playoff game. On May 7, 2012, Giroux received a one-game suspension for a hit to the head of New Jersey Devils forward Dainius Zubrus during Game 4 of the Eastern Conference Semi-finals. After the Flyers were eliminated by the Devils, Giroux ended the season as both the Flyers' top regular season point-scorer (93 points) and top playoff point scorer (17 points). After the Flyers' elimination, Giroux had surgery on both of his wrists; the right to repair torn cartilage, and the left to remove bone spurs. He later claimed that Sidney Crosby had repeatedly slashed his wrists during face-offs in the first round series against Pittsburgh. At the time news of the surgery was revealed, Giroux was still the playoffs' leading point scorer, even though his team had been eliminated two weeks earlier. On June 20, 2012, Giroux was named the cover athlete for NHL 13 at the NHL awards in Las Vegas; he became the first Philadelphia Flyer on an EA Sports NHL video game cover since Eric Lindros on NHL 99.

Paragraph 8: Now, or so he believes, guaranteed of a fish, the cat attaches the worm to his fishing rod. The worm seemingly dips one toe into the pond, shivers and scurries up the line. However, anticipating that his catch might try something like that, the cat forces the worm back down to the hook at gunpoint. Little does the overconfident cat realize that Foghorn saw the whole thing from behind a tree and somehow managed to travel from his vantage point to a point inside the pond in a fraction of a second, because the next thing he knows, Foghorn has snatched the worm and is demanding to know "What kept, I say, what kept you, son?" He goes on to say that the cat ought to have realized that he isn't a fish, and that his lungs would have long since begun to "crave air!" Muffled burbling is heard as the cat is forced to back up into the water trough nearby and Foghorn, having dipped his own head in, continues to berate his feline enemy, not missing a beat as both reemerge. Finally, Foghorn realizes that he has to appease the cat if he wants him to stop chasing the worm. So he offers to "draw a line and BI-SECT 'im." And this he does with a pen, a tree stump and an axe. Foghorn draws the line evenly, so that exactly half of the stump area is on one side and the other half on the other side, and places the worm perpendicular to the line. On the cat's side is just the head; Foghorn gets to keep all else of the worm. However, as Foghorn raises the axe to cut the worm in half, the object of both their desires scrunches up all on Foghorn's side. Foghorn states delightedly: "Well, barbecue my hamhocks. YOUR half is gone!" The cat tries to point out that the worm just pulled his head over to Foghorn's side, but Foghorn tells the cat, "Don't gimme no lip, son. You gotta stick by the bargain. I'd have done the same." But as they argue, the worm scrunches up all in the cat's end. Foghorn states in a state of shock: "Well, pig|hog gravy and chetlucks. MY half is gone!" Gleefully, but at the same time respectfully, the cat tries to say that the worm pulled all his parts below his head to his own side. However, Foghorn thinks that the cat wants to question whether or not the worm was there, and so Foghorn says, "I know what you're gonna say, son. When two halves is gone, there's nothin' left. And you're right. It's a little old worm who wasn't there. Two nothin's is nothing. That's mathematics, son. You can argue with ME, but you can't argue with figures. Two half-nothings is a whole nothin'. And I know what I'm talking about, because..." Foghorn does not get to finish his last sentence, as the cat, finally fed up with a chicken much larger than he is, doing exactly what he accused him of (talking incessantly), screams at the other worm-pursuer to shut up. While Foghorn and the cat are arguing again, the worm, having spotted a perfect opportunity to escape, crawls off.

Paragraph 9: From 1921 to 1923, the Russian Civil War and a drought brought a great famine to Russia, particularly to the usually food-rich Volga region of southern Russia. America responded with nearly  of food which the Bolsheviks accepted, often as surreptitiously as possible. Sturtevant investigated potential ports of debarkation in southern Russia for the supplies soon to be shipped by the American Relief Administration. To this end, she visited Odessa, Sevastopol, Novorossiysk, Theodosia, and Yalta between early February and mid-April. Thereafter, through the end of the year, she made voyages across the Black Sea to various Russian ports in conjunction with the relief operation. She stopped at numerous other foreign ports on the voyages, including Samsun, Trebizond, and Mudanya, Turkey. From July–October, she made a round-trip voyage back to the U.S., during which she was overhauled at the New York Navy Yard and exercised out of Yorktown, Virginia. On 1 October, Sturtevant was ordered back to the eastern Mediterranean and, the following day, got underway for Gibraltar. She arrived there on the 14th and continued on to Turkey, reaching Mudania on the 27th. For the next seven months, the destroyer visited the ports of the eastern Mediterranean and those along the coast of the Black Sea. In addition to ports of call of the previous cruises, she visited Varna, Bulgaria; Mersina and Smyrna, Turkey; Piraeus, Greece; and Naples, Italy. From the latter port, she sailed for Gibraltar in late May 1923, and by 12 June was back at the Navy Yard in New York. She operated along the Atlantic seaboard through the end of the year, conducting gunnery exercises in October at the southern drill grounds off Virginia. In November, the ship paid an Armistice Day visit to Baltimore. Three days before the end of the year, Sturtevant became flagship of Division 41, Squadron 14, Scouting Fleet.

Paragraph 10: In New York City, however, Chase became known for his flamboyance, especially in his dress, his manners, and most of all in his studio. At Tenth Street, Chase had moved into Albert Bierstadt's old studio and had decorated it as an extension of his own art.  Chase filled the studio with lavish furniture, decorative objects, stuffed birds, oriental carpets, and exotic musical instruments. The studio served as a focal point for the sophisticated and fashionable members of the New York City art world of the late 19th century. By 1895 the cost of maintaining the studio, in addition to his other residences, forced Chase to close it and auction the contents.

Paragraph 11: ADF is one of the most organized and influential Christian legal interest groups in the United States based on its budget, caseload, network of allied attorneys, and connections to significant members of the political right. These include U.S. Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett and high-ranking Republicans such as former vice president Mike Pence, former attorneys general William Barr and Jeff Sessions, and US Senator from Missouri Josh Hawley (husband of ADF senior counsel Erin Hawley). ADF attorneys have argued a number of cases before the Supreme Court, including cases about religion in public schools, the Affordable Care Act, the legalization of same-sex marriage, business owners' right to not provide services for same-sex marriages, and prayers before town meetings. They also wrote the model legislation for Mississippi's anti-abortion legislation, making them significant players in Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization, the decision that overruled the fifty-year-old precedent case Roe v. Wade establishing the right to abortion.

Paragraph 12: Steve 'Flash' Juon of RapReviews gave note of the album's lengthy runtime being a challenge for listeners but commended Fabolous for striking a balance between "materialism and spiritualism" throughout the track listing with help from his producers utilizing his "smooth monotone flow" in the right places, concluding that, "I'm not yet prepared to say Fabolous is DA TRUTH or that his rhyme writing has put him into echelons anywhere near the all-time greats, but he's come a long way since his Ghetto Fabolous days. You may find Real Talk a refreshing change of pace too." K.B. Tindal of HipHopDX praised Fabolous for remaining consistent in delivering club bangers ("Tit 4 Tat"), romantic slow jams ("Baby") and street cuts ("Don't Stop Won't Stop"), saying "There are always the pure exotic street flow wit hard punch lines to the gut that Fab delivers as well as the smoothly shaped ballads that he always dishes out the chicks. On Real Talk, Fab delivers as usual." Steve Jones of USA Today praised Fabolous' lyricism having more direct sharpness and maturity to elevate the record's "brash confidence" alongside the usual hip-hop tropes, concluding that, "In the past, his hits have tended to lean toward female fans. But with Real Talk, he balances matters." Kris Ex, writing for Blender, was critical of Fabolous' lack of distinct character but praised him for being an entertaining wordsmith with a breezy yet confident flow, concluding that "It's this tension that keeps Real Talk from being a collection of one-serving throwaways: Fabolous lands dazzling lyrical stunts while sounding like he's coasting along on cruise control." AllMusic's Andy Kellman gave praise to "Breathe" for showing "signs of being a hip-hop classic" but was critical of Fabolous stretching his rapping skills by unconvincingly taking on various styles and a "mixed bag of satisfactory-to-strong crossovers", concluding that, "[T]here's enough quality material to help fill out a Fabolous best-of, but the touch-all-bases formula inhibits the album's potential of being any better than Ghetto Fabolous or Street Dreams."

Paragraph 13: Upon her arrival in Warsaw in September 1935, the 18-year-old Ginczanka, already notable, quickly became a "legendary figure" of the pre-War bohemian world of artists of Warsaw as a protégée of Julian Tuwim, the doyen of the Polish poets at the time, a connection which opened for her the doors to all the most important literary periodicals, salons, and publishing houses of the country. (Her detractors bestowed on her the sobriquet of "Tuwim in a petticoat", Tuwim w spódnicy; while Gombrowicz, known for inventing his own private names for all his acquaintances, monikered her "Gina".)  High-calibre critics, such as Karol Wiktor Zawodziński, have traced aspects of Ginczanka's lyricism to the poetic achievement of Tuwim, deemed both indefinable and inimitable but concerning primarily the renewed focus on the word, its freshness, and the ultimate conciseness of expression respective of each particular poetic image or vision treated. Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz for his part recalls that Ginczanka was "very good" as a poet from the first, without any initial period of incubation of the poetic talent, and  conscious of her literary prowess  kept herself apart from literary groupings, in particular wishing to distance herself publicly from the Skamander circle with which she would have normally been associated by others.  Thus for example, her frequenting of the Mała Ziemiańska café, the renowned haunt of the Warsaw literati where with gracious ease she held court at the table of Witold Gombrowicz, was memorialized in her poem "Pochwała snobów" (In Praise of Snobs) published in the satirical magazine Szpilki in 1937.  (The co-founder of the magazine in question, the artist Eryk Lipiński, who will play an important role in salvaging her manuscripts after the War, will name his daughter Zuzanna in memory of Ginczanka.  The other co-founder, Zbigniew Mitzner, will opine in his memoirs that Ginczanka was tied to this particular weekly magazine by the closest bonds of all the alliances that she maintained with the literary press.)  In testimony to her fame, she would sometimes be herself the subject of satirical poems and drawings published in literary periodicals, as for example in the 1937 Christmas issue of the Wiadomości Literackie where she is pictured in the collective cartoon representing the crème de la crème of Polish literature (next to Andrzej Nowicki and Janusz Minkiewicz, both holding Cupid's bows, though their arrows point discreetly away from her rather than towards).

Paragraph 14: John F. Tenaglia was born in South Philadelphia, February 5, 1964, to parents Frank (Francesco) and Dorothy (nee Cavella).  Born into an Italian-American family, where culture was an imbedded guide for life. Especially in education, culinary and musical arts, with firm religious aspects.  At age 8 John started violin lessons with the famed violinist and conductor Joseph Primavera of the Philadelphia Orchestra and founder of the Philadelphia Youth Orchestra. Young John had little to no interest in the instrument. In 1978, The Tenaglia Family was invited to a performance of Puccini's Madama Butterfly being presented at the Forum Theater in South Philadelphia.  The person singing Pinkerton that night was renowned tenor Frank Munafo (a graduate of the Curtis Institute of Music).  John was so inspired by Munafo's singing, he instantly knew this is what he wanted to do for the rest of his life.  Mr. Tenaglia was quoted saying; "I felt that Frank Munafo was singing directly to me, even though there were hundreds in the audience!" Having minimal musical training at this age and limited knowledge of opera, the young man instinctively started listening to recordings found in his families house of Mario Lanza, Mario Del Monaco, Beniamino Gigli and Richard Tucker. This also encouraged him to join local church choirs where he could learn more about the art of singing.  Inevitably, for the 13-year-old, nature took its course and John was no longer able to imitate these wonderful tenors.  Dejected, he thought he'd never be able to sing like his idol Frank Munafo. His church choir director told him he should start singing in the baritone and bass sections. As John entered junior high he became a member of the choir at Thomas Junior High School. This is where Mr. Tenaglia met his soon-to-be mentor William Yeats. Mr. Yeats was also a renowned tenor (a graduate of Indiana University and Curtis Institute of Music) and the choir director at South Philadelphia High School. Mr. Yeats, would go around to all the local junior high schools to recruit talent for his high school choir.  Mr. Yeats recognized talent in Mr. Tenaglia but said nothing to the youngster until he officially became a student of the famous South Philadelphia High School. John had no idea of the background and caliber of his teacher.  One afternoon as John was on his way to his next class, when he heard what he thought was a recording playing of Che gelida mania from La Bohème.  As John looked into the room from where the music was coming, here it was William Yeats accompanying himself and singing the aria in preparation for an upcoming concert.  Tenaglia quietly snuck in the room.  Standing there, listening as Mr. Yeats continued to sing the aria as tears ran down the face of the young student, stunned from the sheer beauty of Mr. Yeats's singing.  John moved to find a comfortable standing position as a book fell off the desk behind him. Mr. Yeats turned around startled, yelled at him and said; "what are you doing in here?!  You're Not Supposed to be in here!!"  Tenaglia's answer was; "why are you singing that, you're not Italian!"  They both looked at each other and instantly broke into laughter.  That is the moment their father, son relationship began. Mr. Yeats explained to John, that he had a talent. So he offered him a deal.  "If John promised to take music seriously and pursue it as his career, he in turn offered him free voice lessons every day after school for his remaining time at South Philadelphia High School all free of charge!" There was one catch, Tenaglia had to promise him, that one day he would also give back this service to a young promising student.

Paragraph 15: The Vampire Nation has gathered its forces for an assault on Utopia. Cyclops has prepared his defenses for this attack: only the literally tough-skinned X-Men for combat, while the others remain inside the compound; the Archangel has prepped himself for air defense; and the Iceman is having his very body blessed by a priest in an attempt to make it holy. The battle then begins, as the vampires attempt to press onto Utopia through land, air and sea. The ground and air forces stop, as Wolverine lands down and plows through his former comrades. Cyclops then presses the button on a remote that Doctor Nemesis gave him, which causes Wolverine to rear down in pain. It is revealed that before Wolverine went out on his hunt for Jubilee, he had his blood taken to see if his healing factor could counteract vampirism. But unknown to him, Nemesis has injected him with nanobots to shut down his healing factor, as Cyclops had anticipated that he might be bitten and turned before they could reactivate it. Back to his normal self, Wolverine turns on the vampires as the X-Men and Atlanteans push them out. Wolverine then warns Xarus over the video that he will be coming for him. Unfazed, Xarus orders that a second wave be sent in. However, his aide informs him that they sent in all their available forces and it may take time for a new strike force to be organized. But Xarus will have none of it, declaring that he will take Utopia today, raise a flag over it, stand over Wolverine's bones and drink Cyclops' blood. Just then, Dracula walks in, reasserting himself as Lord of the Vampires. He grants amnesty  to the other vampire sects for betraying him, all except Xarus. With the sudden return of his father Dracula, Xarus tries ordering his minions to help him, but receives no support. While the X-Men storm his lair, Xarus decides to deal with his father himself. But this time, Dracula is more careful and repays the favor by ripping off Xarus' head. It is then that the X-Men enter. Whereas Cyclops wants nothing more to do with the Vampire Nation, Blade does not see eye-to-eye with him and charges at Dracula, only to knocked unconscious with an optic blast. Cyclops then reminds Dracula of their previous, unspoken agreement. However, the Lord of the Vampires muses that if his son was successful in uniting the vampire sects into one functional alliance, then perhaps he may finish what he started: conquer Utopia. Cyclops reminds him that before they reunited his head with his body, X-Club was studying it, meaning that he has a trick up his sleeve. After a brief staredown, Dracula calls Cyclops' bluff, but nonetheless, decides to end hostilities with mutants. He even gives Jubilee back to them. Back at Utopia, Jubilee is put in isolation. Blade believes that the only solution is to put her out of her misery. Wolverine warns him not to, prompting the vampire hunter to leave. While watching on the monitor, Cyclops and Emma wonder if Jubilee can be cured.

Paragraph 16: Philipp Otto Runge (; 1777–1810) was a German artist, a draftsman, painter, and color theorist. Runge and Caspar David Friedrich are often regarded as the leading painters of the German Romantic movement. He is frequently compared with William Blake by art historians, although Runge's short ten-year career is not easy to equate to Blake's career.  By all accounts he had a brilliant mind and was well versed in the literature and philosophy of his time. He was a prolific letter writer and maintained correspondences and friendships with contemporaries such as Carl Ludwig Heinrich Berger, Caspar David Friedrich, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling, Henrik Steffens, and Ludwig Tieck. His paintings are often laden symbolism and allegories.  For eight years he planned and refined his seminal project, Tageszeiten (Times of Day), four monumental paintings 50 square meters each, which in turn were only part of a larger collaborative Gesamtkunstwerk that was to include poetry, music, and architecture, but remained unrealized at the time of his death.  With it he aspired to abandon the traditional iconography of Christianity in European art and find a new expression for spiritual values through symbolism in landscapes. One historian stated "In Runge's painting we are clearly dealing with the attempt to present contemporary philosophy in art." He wrote an influential volume on color theory in 1808, Sphere of Colors, that was published the same year he died.

Paragraph 17: Bach composed the cantata in his first year as Thomaskantor in Leipzig, shortly after he first performed his St John Passion, for the First Sunday after Easter, called . The prescribed readings for that Sunday were from the First Epistle of John, "our faith is the victory" (), and from the Gospel of John, the appearance of Jesus to the Disciples, first without then with Thomas, in Jerusalem (). The unknown poet begins with a verse from the Second Epistle to Timothy, "Remember that Jesus Christ … was raised from the dead" (). The poet sees Thomas as similar to the doubtful Christian in general, whose heart is not at peace. The center of the cantata is the Easter hymn "" (The glorious day has appeared) by Nikolaus Herman (1560), praising the day of the resurrection. In contrast, movement 5 recalls the danger by the enemies, until in movement 6 Jesus appears, as he did to his disciples in Jerusalem, finally bringing peace. The line "" (Peace be with you) is repeated four times, framing three stanzas of a poem. The closing chorale is the first stanza of "" (Thou Prince of Peace, Lord Jesus Christ) by Jakob Ebert (1601).

Paragraph 18: Nearing the end of the rule of Carolingian dynasty over West Francia, Archbishop Adalbero and Queen Emma led a political party in favor of the Franks allying with the Ottonian dynasty of the Holy Roman Empire in the Frankish courts. In a series of letters sent to Empress Theophanu, Emma's sister-in-law, Adalbero expressed loyalty on behalf of himself, Queen Emma, and her son King Louis V (Adalbero's lord at the time). It was Emperor Otto I who had named Adalbero archbishop, along with the other clergy members who were given their positions by the emperor and is why Adalbero had felt such loyalty towards them. However, not all clergy felt the same way, and so they created a political party to oppose Queen Emma in the Frankish courts, one whose goal was to reinstate the policies of her husband, King Lothair, and expand the Frankish kingdom eastward, to gain the territory of Lorraine, Adalbero's home. The opposing party eventually prevailed when Louis disregarded the advice given to him by Adalbero and Emma, which was to seek friendship with Otto III, Theophanu's son. This unfortunate turn of events forced Adalbero to step down from his position as archbishop and flee. This act was perceived as treason by Louis, and Adalbero was called to trial at an assembly of leading Franks at Compiègne.  The sudden death of Louis V prevented this trial from taking place, and allowed Adalbero to give his support for Hugh Capet as rightful heir and denounce the Carolingian claimant, Charles, Duke of Lower Lorraine.

Paragraph 19: Rabbi Joseph Schwarz (1850) who had lived in Palestine for 16 years, identified the village of Abulnita, "about 2 English miles east of Shechem", as the site "where Joseph lies buried". Western travellers to Palestine in the 19th century described their impressions of the site in travelogues. John Ross Browne (1853) writes: "We also visited the reputed site of Joseph's Tomb. A rude stone building covers the pretended sepulcher; but the best authorities deny that there was any evidence that Joseph was buried here." Howard Crosby also visited the site during 1851. He designated it, "the so-called tomb of Joseph", describing it as "a plain white Santon's tomb, or Wely, such as is everywhere seen in Mohammedan countries, excepting that this one is roofless, and consequently lacks the usual white dome. In the interior, a vine grows from a corner, and spreads upon a trellis over the tomb, forming a pleasant bower." Louis Félicien Joseph Caignart de Saulcy and Edouard de Warren (1853) describe it as "a small Mussulman oually (weli, i.e. chapel) ... said to be the tomb of Joseph", noting it was just to the east of what the Arabs called Bir-Yakub, Jacob's Well. Hackett noted in 1857 that the tomb is placed diagonally to the walls, instead of parallel, and found "the walls of the interior covered with the names of pilgrims, representing almost every land and language; though the Hebrew character was the most prominent one". Thomson noted in 1883 that "the entire building is fast crumbling to ruin, presenting a most melancholy spectacle". Being exposed to the weather, "it has no pall or votive offering of any kind, nor any marks of respect such as are seen at the sepulchres of the most insignificant Muslim saints." During the late 19th century, sources report the Jewish custom of burning small articles such as gold lace, shawls or handkerchiefs, in the two low pillars at either end of the tomb. This was done in "memory of the patriarch who sleeps beneath".

Paragraph 20: Dirty jokes were once considered subversive and underground, and rarely heard in public. Comedian Lenny Bruce was tried, convicted, and jailed for obscenity after a stand up performance that included off-color humor in New York City in 1964. Comedian and actor Redd Foxx was well known in nightclubs in the 1960s and 1970s for his raunchy stand-up act, but toned it down for the television shows Sanford and Son and The Redd Foxx Comedy Hour, stating in the first monologue of the latter show that the only similarity between the show and his nightclub act was that "I'm smoking". American society has become increasingly tolerant of off-color humor since that time. Such forms of humor have become widely distributed and more socially acceptable, in part due to the mainstream success in the 1970s and 1980s of comedians like Peter Cook and Dudley Moore's alter-egos Derek and Clive, Dolemite, and Andrew Dice Clay. George Carlin and Richard Pryor have used it as an effective tool for social commentary.

Paragraph 21: The final event in the series is an epic 25 mile open water canoe race held over two days. After arriving at the island the boys are not surprised to discover that they will be racing canoes. The first few days are fun for all with only light training, made easier by the fact that these canoes are proper oceangoing vessels with outriggers making them stable and straight. When the group help with harvesting the sea it becomes apparent that Joey and Jarvis are not comfortable at all, while Murray is in his element and the others, although not super confident, are showing good resilience and willpower. As the race approaches the length of the race is revealed to the athletes, as well as the course and its inherent dangers such as the reef, breaking waves, strong currents, sharks in the water and crocodiles near and on land. This leaves the athletes with very sober looks on their faces. The first day of paddling will see the boys reach one of two midpoint islands for the night, the catch being that if you attempt to make the second island and fail to do so before sunset you will be sent back to the first exhausted and with further to paddle on the second day. Ed believes that Murray may burn himself out as he did in Nepal and sets himself for a steady pace. Heavy rain the day before the race is a bad omen as it is always followed by strong winds and high seas. As the race begins, Murray's knowledge of the sea helps him through the reef and JJ is smart enough to stick close behind giving him second place. the other boys all struggle with the big waves hitting the reef and it's too much for Joey and Jarvis who retire almost immediately leaving the trainers shattered. Ed struggles for an hour but finally clears the reef while Wole requires help from a local. This sees an absolutely gargantuan performance from Wole who manages to pass all but Murray on the first leg with all the remaining athletes making it to the second island before sunset. While Murray is feeling good the others are exhausted and JJ in particular is struggling, having had his shoulder badly injured in the previous challenge. The next Wole is up first indicating his strong ambition to win, trying to get any advantage possible by consulting the locals. The first half of the second leg sees a fantastic struggle between Wole, Murray and Ed, with JJ dropping back in considerable pain and frustration. The run home on the second leg once again sees Wole simply out-muscling Murray and Ed who begin to fatigue. Murray stays in touch however and Wole once again struggles to overcome the reef, this time grounding his canoe badly. As Murray pushes to overtake Wole desperately scrambles over the reef, this time unassisted, cutting himself all over on the sharp reef. As Murray is approaching Wole manages to free himself and find a last effort for the shore where he arrives first, just in front of an exhausted Murray with Ed only a few minutes back finishing in third leaving JJ to struggle home in the rear. This huge effort sees Wole crowned the Last Man Standing overall.

Paragraph 22: For several more days, Davis led relatively quiet patrols, until November 30, Davis' 22nd combat mission in Korea. Around 16:00, Davis' flight of eight F-86s spotted a large group of nine Tupolev Tu-2 bombers from the Chinese 8th Bomber Division, escorted by 16 Lavochkin La-11 fighters from the Chinese 2nd Fighter Division near Sahol along the Yalu River. The force was en route to a bombing mission on Taehwado Island in the Pansong archipelago. Davis maneuvered the patrol into position for a firing pass on the bombers. He completed four attack runs on the formation, being continuously attacked by the La-11 fighters, which were unable to hit his aircraft. In spite of being separated from his wingmen, he managed to destroy two of the bombers and cause the crew of a third to bail out. By this time, another group of F-86s arrived to continue the fight, as Davis' aircraft were low on ammunition and fuel. As the flight attempted to withdraw, one of Davis' pilots, Raymond O. Barton, called for help. Davis flew to Barton's aid and found Barton's damaged aircraft under attack from 24 MiG-15s of the Chinese 3rd Fighter Division arriving as reinforcement. As two MiG-15s prepared a final attack on Barton, Davis swooped through their pass and scored direct hits on one, killing the Chinese flight leader who commanded the MiG pack. The second broke off its attack. Davis then escorted Barton's damaged aircraft back to base, landing with only  of fuel left in his tanks. For the day's actions, Davis was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. The Taehwado bombing mission forced the Chinese Air Force to end all bombing missions for the rest of the war, while the "hat trick"-plus-one of downing four Chinese aircraft in the fight resulted in raising Davis' confirmed victory count in Korea to six, making him the fifth jet ace of the war and the first man in the history of the US military to become an ace in two wars. At this point, Davis wrote to his family that he expected to be home by Christmas, but then the Air Force extended his tour of duty.

Paragraph 23: In December 2007, Ryan is followed repeatedly by a man in a blue car. He appears constantly and scares Ryan, who tells Michelle, but initially, the claims fall on deaf ears. The driver starts a conversation with him, using his name. Ryan, frightened, flees to the Rovers and tells Michelle and Liam. Liam tries to catch the mystery man but he escapes. He reappears several days later and goes to a house in the suburbs. Michelle, Liam and Ryan follow, determined to find out why this man is following Ryan. Michelle rings the doorbell and the door is answered by another 15-year-old, Alex Neeson (Dario Coates). She is horrified to see that Alex is the image of her late partner. Her worst fears are confirmed – Alex and Ryan were swapped accidentally just after birth, making Alex Michelle's biological son, not Ryan. Alex later appears in The Kabin and tells Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) that Michelle would pay for the sweets he wanted. Norris asks who his mother is and Alex tells him his mother is Michelle. Later that day, news spreads about Ryan not being Michelle's son and Ryan is not amused when Amber Kalirai (Nikki Patel) comments on it. The police later arrive at The Rovers with Alex. He has been shoplifting and tells them Michelle is his mother. They ask her if this is true and Michelle tells them it is and that it is okay for him to stay at The Rovers. He stays for a couple of weeks, causing problems for everyone, so Ryan moves in with Liam and his wife Maria Connor (Samia Ghadie). He "loses" Steve's daughter Amy Barlow (Amber Chadwick) and barricades himself in the pub, but Michelle feels obliged to send him back to his adoptive mother, Wendy Neeson (Jane Slavin). She meets Alex again and has taken him to Ireland to meet his grandparents. She later tells Alex and his family that she cannot have Alex in her life because Ryan is her son.

Paragraph 24: During the 17th century, Sivaganga was ruled by the Kingdom of Ramnad, which had its boundary spreading across modern-day Sivaganga, Pudukkottai and Ramnathapuram. The seventh king of the empire, Vijaya Raghunatha Sethupathi (also called Kelvan Sethupathy) ruled from 1674 to 1710 and was succeeded by his sister's son Vijaya Ragunatha Sethupathy. He was succeeded by his son-in-law Sundareswara Ragunatha Sethupathy in 1726. Bavani Sankara Thevan, the illegitimate son of Ragunatha Sethupathy, aligned with the Rajah of Tanjore to attack Ramnad. Though Bavani won, he did not honor the earlier decision to cede some portions of the empire to the King of Tanjore. He quarreled with Sasivarna Periya Oodaya Thevar and sent him out of his province. Both Sasivarna and Kattaya Thevar, the brother of Sundareswara, aligned with the Rajah of Tanjore. Both of them conquered Bavani in 1730 with the help of the army of Tanjore. Kattaya Thevar divided the kingdom into five provinces and gave two to Sasivarna, who became the first king of Sivaganga. As per legend, Sasivarna built the Teppakulam and fort around the spring "Sivaganga", where he met his spiritual guru Sathappan Servai. As per another account, Sasivarna was appointed as the king by the Nawab of Carnatic. Sasivarna died at around 1750 and his son Muthuvaduganatha Periya Udaya Thevar took over the reign. He was shot dead in 1780 by Nawab's troops. His widow Velu Nachiyar and infant Vellacci fled the region and were aided by the two Maruthu brothers namely Periya Maruthu and Chinna Maruthu. Velu Nachiyar ruled the region till 1790, when her daughter succeeded her. The brothers continued the support the new queen, and become de facto ruler of Sivaganga until 1801. The brothers rebelled against the British East India Company and Nawab of Carnatic, who was supporting the company. The brothers were later captured and hanged in Tirupathoor in 1801. The Company appointed Gowry Vallaba Periya Oodaya Thevar as the Zamindar of Sivaganga in 1801.

Paragraph 25: On January 1, 2006, KCEB, KLPN-LP and KTPN-LP lost the UPN affiliation to CBS affiliate KYTX (channel 19), which carried the network on its second digital subchannel. The station immediately switched its affiliation to The WB, effectively replacing "KWTL", a cable-only WB outlet that was part of The WB 100+ Station Group, a service that was created in September 1998 to expand The WB's national coverage primarily through cable-only outlets in smaller markets, which were managed locally by cable providers (since it was cable-exclusive, the channel used the "KWTL" callsign in a fictional manner). During the transition, KTPN and KLPN became independent stations.

Paragraph 26: On February 12, 2000, he defeated Jan Piet Bergman to win the vacant IBF Light Welterweight title. Bergman went down twice in the first round, but recovered in the second round, knocking Judah down. Judah knocked out Bergman in the fourth round to win the title. On June 20, 2000, Judah made his first title defense against Junior Witter in Glasgow, Scotland. It was an awkward fight for Judah, as Witter rarely engaged in an extended exchange of punches. Witter frequently switched between fighting right-handed and left-handed, making him an elusive opponent. Judah's consistent body punching slowed Witter down, and in the fifth round, Judah caught Witter with a straight left hand that hurt Witter and sent his mouthpiece skittering across the ring. Judah defeated Witter by unanimous decision.

Paragraph 27: The flight of the Macrotus Is remarkable chiefly for its extreme maneuverability. The bat flies fairly rapidly on occasion, but the usual foraging flight is slow and buoyant, and more nearly silent that of most bats. In level flight Macrotus wings make a soft fluttering sound that is less sharp and carrying than the sounds made by the wing beats of most other bats. The method of landing is most interesting. The bat flies six to eight inches below the ceiling and upon the wings making a deep down stroke that is directed nearly straight forward the hind limbs and uropatagium. These movements cause the bat to swoop upward toward the ceiling and as the bat nears the ceiling the wings are pulled back in an upstroke while the bat rolls over 180 degrees so that its back is facing downward and the long legs reach for the ceiling. Stated briefly, then the alighting maneuver consists of an upward swoop and a half-roll, at the end of which the feet wing rapidly toward the ceiling, seize it, and the wings give a final beat to steady the bat. Often these landings must require remarkably precise judgement of speed and distance, as many landings are made in the midst of a fairly closely spaced group of bats. Macrotus has two main methods of launching into flight, by dropping form the ceiling and taking flight after a short downward swoop, and by taking flight directly form the roosting place. The bat often hovers, both when foraging and when flying in its daytime retreat. Macrotus seems to hover easily, and it’s able to hover for several seconds at a time. These bats usually forage within three feet of the ground and often drop down closer to the ground nearer the surface where they can occasionally hover for a few seconds. Even bats released in the daytime flew fairly close to the ground. Leaf-nosed bats seem to be totally insectivorous, and their food clearly reflects the bats’ foraging habits. Some insects regularly eaten by Macrotus are almost certainly taken from the ground or from vegetation. The bats’ stomachs often contain orthopteran insects, noctuid moths and caterpillars, and beetles of the families Scarabaeidae and Carabidae, along with unidentified material. The lists of food items of Macrotus contain a plethora of insects that seldom fly, are flightless, or that fly in the daytime; this constitutes strong evidence that this bat consumes insects that are on the ground or on vegetation. Most leaf-nosed bats forage sometime between one hour after sundown and four hours after sundown, and then retire to a night roosting place. Actually, each bat seems to have a pre-midnight foraging period of roughly one hour. The greatest activity in the early morning seems to occur between two and one half hours before sunrise and thirty minutes before sunrise. Bats generally begin returning with full stomachs to their daytime roosts about two hours before sunrise, and the last bats usually return approximately twenty minutes before sunrise.

Paragraph 28: In a Romani-Russian tale collected by Yefim Druts and Alexei Gessler and translated by author James Riordan as The Enchanted Hinny, a wealthy gypsy man trades in horses. His wife dies and leaves him their young son. The gypsy man remarries, but his new wife hates her step-son so much she complains to her mother. Years later, the man is ready to go to a horse fair and his son asks him to bring him the first thing his eyes greet when he enters the town. The man agrees and goes to the fair, setting his eyes on a pint-sized hinny. He buys the animal and brings it to his son. The boy treats and grooms the hinny. The stepmother's hatred of the boy comes to a head and she conspires with her mother to kill him: first, she bakes some rolls laced with poison; next, she gives him a shirt that will burn him to cinders. With the hinny's warnings, the boy avoids the dangers: he gives the rolls to dogs and throws the shirt in the oven. After failing twice, she and her mother discover the hinny is helping the boy, and she asks her husband to get rid of the little animal, since it bites her hand. The hinny advises the boy to ask for one last ride on the animal, then they will make their way to the distant mountains. It happens so, and they reach another kingdom. The hinny advises the boy to buy a sheep's skin and wears it on himself, and to utter the words "know not how". The boy follows the hinny's orders and finds work as a cook for a king, and answers his questions "know not how" - which becomes his new appellation: "Know Not How". One time, Know Not How goes to gather firewood, and chops down the tsar's sturdy oak by himself. Some time later, the elder princess is to be delivered to a six-headed sea dragon, but the king sends Know Not How and three knights to protect her and defeat the beast. Know Not How kills the monster and is given a ring by the princess, but he insists the three knights are to be celebrated as the true heroes. The second princess is also given to a nine-headed sea dragon; Know Not How kills the dragon and is given the princess's necklace. Lastly, the youngest princess is given to a twelve-headed sea monster, but the three knights drug Know Not How with a sleeping potion, and he falls asleep. The monster comes and the princess sheds a tear that wakes Know Not How. The gypsy boy fights the multiheaded monster to a standstill, but his hinny comes all of a sudden and helps him vanquish the beast. He gathers the monster's heads and buries them in the sand along with those from the previous monsters, then sends the three knights and the princess back to the palace to celebrate. During the feast, however, the youngest princess asks her father to invite the gypsy cook. Despite his reservations, the king allows for the cook to come. At a certain point, the three knights boast about their "victory", when the youngest princess asks them to show the guests the monsters' decapitated heads. This leads to Know Not How revealing the truth, him marrying the youngest princess, and the three knights being banished.

Paragraph 29: Megapaloelodus was named by American Alden H. Miller in 1944 on the basis of a fossil femur and tarsometatarsus collected from the lower Miocene Rosebud Formation of South Dakota. Recognizing similarities to fossils of Palaelodus, Miller described the material as a new genus of phoenicopteriform he named Megapaloelodus. Initially, Miller was under the impression that Megapaloelodus was a missing link between the basal Palaelodus and derived flamingos. In 1950 Loye H. Miller described the fragment of a tibiatarsus and an ulna from the late Miocene of California, also referring it to M. connectens. Miller notes that the California bones presents a sizable gap in both space and time while also not overlapping with any of the type material established six years prior. However, in the description he refers to the axiom "Things that differ in the same way from the same thing do not differ from each other." Through this he reasoned that, as the Californian fossil differs from Palaelodus in similar ways as the fossils from South Dakota, they could have belonged to the same species. Although this conclusion was acknowledged as being tentative, Miller further explained that it seemed more reasonable than to establish a new species on such fragmentary remains. In addition to further finds from California, a second species was described from Juntura, Oregon by Pierce Brodkorb, M. opsigonus. This species may have also occurred further south in Mexico. In 1983 Jacques Cheneval published a major revision of the palaelodids of Saint-Gérand-le-Puy. Besides agreeing with prior studies that synonymized many of the European species, he also transferred Palaelodus goliath to the genus Megapaloelodus. Czech paleontologist Jiří Mlíkovský disagreed with this assessment in 2002 and instead suggested that Megapaloelodus should be synonymized with Palaelodus. However, this taxonomic treatment of the genus as a whole has been met with criticism and is considered premature by other authors. In 2009 several specimens from Argentina previously only identified as an indetermined phoenicopterid were described as the species Megapaloelodus peiranoi.

Paragraph 30: In 2011, Reis with Markus Brunnermeier, Luis Garicano, Philip R. Lane and others, argued that banks holding significant amounts of bonds issued by their sovereign creates a "diabolic loop", whereby small changes in the perceived solvency of the sovereign can amplify into large crises. This concept has become central in accounts of the Euro crisis and is also referred to as the "doom loop" or the "bank-government nexus". They proposed creating European Safe Bonds (ESBies), a new financial vehicle allowing banks in the Eurozone to break the diabolic loop without creating the problems of joint and several liability with Eurobonds. The European Systemic Risk Board proposed a variant of ESBies, labelled Sovereign Bond-Backed Securities (or SBBS) as a crucial ingredient to have a more stable Eurozone.