Paragraph 1: The station, built in open cut, features stacked platforms with central platforms between the lines; the Orange Line is to the south and the Green Line to the north. The platforms are arranged in an anti-directional cross-platform interchange, with the two inbound lines (Montmorency and Honoré-Beaugrand) on the upper level, and the two outbound lines (Côte-Vertu and Angrignon) on the lower level. This allows the majority of passengers to transfer by simply walking across the platform, without having to go up or down stairs. The station's mezzanine, suspended on beams, is located above the upper platform, and gives access to the single entrance. The orange, yellow and red circular tiles on the platform floor recall the multi-colored maple leaves that typically carpet the city’s sidewalks, parks and surrounding woodlands in autumn.

Paragraph 2: The Leyden Fine Arts program is composed of music, art and theatrical performance. Various music groups, ranging from choral groups to instrumental orchestras, have excelled in multiple regional, state and national competitions. Choral participants have consistently been top performers in the Illinois Music Educators Association (IMEA) competitions, both in the Jazz and Classical divisions. The Leyden Chamber Singers annually perform in the Madrigal Dinner, singing pieces from the . The Marching Band has also travelled to various locations throughout the United States, including Pennsylvania, Florida, among other locations. Student performers have also been participants of the Illinois High School Theater Association's (IHSTA's), annual TheaterFest. Students throughout the state compete for roles in the annual performance of a classical musical or drama production. The Speech and Performance Team is also a competitive group which has continued to develop and fine-tune their Forensics Speaking abilities throughout the years, with various events in Dramatic and Humorous Interpretation, Radio Speaking, Poetry Reading, and Oratorical Declamation.

Paragraph 3: In 2000, Bachalo launched Steampunk, a comic book series inspired by the genre of fiction of the same name, which emulates early science fiction and in an alternate version of the early 1900s. The series is written by Joe Kelly and is part of Image Comics' imprint for creator-owned series, Cliffhanger. The series was criticized for Bachalo's overly detailed pencils, small panels and muddy dark coloring, which sometimes made it difficult to discern what was happening. Similarly, Joe Kelly's writing was not as straightforward as a mass audience typically preferred. Contrarily, the book's supporters praised it for those same reasons, as well as for the sheer imagination of the characters and story. The series, intended to be 25 issues, ended prematurely after the second story arc in issue #12. It is currently available in two reprinted trade paperbacks, Steampunk: Manimatron () and Steampunk: Drama Obscura ().

Paragraph 4: Ferry was born on August 15, 1823 in Bethel, Connecticut. He attended the Hopkins School, and worked at his father's shoe factory as a boy. It was here that he realized his love of books. At age 17, Ferry entered Yale, where he served as one of the editors of the Yale Literary Magazine and was a member of Skull and Bones.  He graduated in 1844. Ferry first settled in Fairfield, Connecticut, where he studied law under Thomas B. Osborne. He then settled in Norwalk, Connecticut, and served in the office of Thomas B. Butler. Ferry married Charlotte Bissell, the daughter of Governor Clark Bissell. He was admitted to the bar in 1846. The following year, he was commissioned a lieutenant colonel in the 12th Regiment of Connecticut Militia. During his time in the militia, Ferry did not fight in any battle or war.

Paragraph 5: Lyman Stewart departed for her last voyage from Martinez in the early afternoon of 7 October 1922 carrying  of gasoline consigned to Shell Oil Company in addition to approximately 45,000 barrels of oil bound for Richmond Beach. The tanker was under command of captain John G. Cloyd and had a crew of thirty eight men. The tanker was proceeding out to sea through the northern San Francisco Bay and then via Raccoon Strait travelling at a speed of approximately . After reaching Point Covallo she ran into a heavy fog bank and reduced her speed down to . The sea was smooth and the tide was at half ebb with the current being  out to sea. At the same time steamer SS Walter A. Luckenbach under command of captain George A. Benner and piloted by captain John A. Norberg with general cargo from Boston and New York was entering the Golden Gate from westerly direction. After reaching Mile Rock at about 15:06, the freighter reduced her speed to approximately  and continued to her destination. At about 15:19 she encountered a strong eddy current somewhere around Fort Point and attempted to correct her course. As Lyman Stewart was trying to round Lime Point at the entrance into the Golden Gate, the strong tide current took her slightly south of the mid channel. At approximately 15:23 a lookout on the tanker suddenly spotted a large ship coming out of the fog at about two full ship lengths away. Captain Cloyd ordered to put the engines full astern but due to very short distance between the vessels, it was too late to avoid the collision. Walter A. Luckenbach struck Lyman Stewart on her port bow just aft of the forepeak and plowed in over 15 feet, with the gash extending both above and below the water line. The vessels remained together until 15:29, when due to current they drifted apart and separated, with the tanker beginning to fill very rapidly. In order to maintain buoyancy, captain Cloyd ordered to pump out cargo from the bow holds. In the meantime wireless distress signals were sent out and picked up by four shore stations. Several tugs, boats and US Coast Guard cutter  were immediately dispatched to the site of the incident but could not immediately locate the vessels due to heavy fog. After separating, the two vessels drifted back toward Mile Rock until about 15:46 when the steamship SS F. S. Loop arrived at the scene and inquired if any assistance was required, while Walter A. Luckenbach left the scene and proceeded to port with her bow smashed and holed. Immediately after the impact captain Cloyd ordered his crew to abandon ship which they did in orderly fashion in three lifeboats. The captain together with seven officers remained on board the tanker and tried to beach her to avoid sinking. Lyman Stewart initially grounded on Mile Rock but was dragged off by the waves and slowly drifted down the coastline shadowed by F. S. Loop  until she went ashore near Point Lobos, not far from Seal Rock at around 16:10. An attempt to refloat the tanker was made on October 9 but it proved to be unsuccessful due to precarious ship position on the rocks and flooded engine room. Further attempts were made to dislodge the vessel, but due to rough weather and deteriorating condition of the tanker the underwriters decided to abandon the salvage work and on October 17 declared  Lyman Stewart total wreck.

Paragraph 6: Drury commanded Neptune for the next two years, until his promotion to rear-admiral in 1804. He departed the ship on 13 May 1804, and the following day Captain Sir Thomas Williams took over. Neptune spent the rest of 1804 deployed with the Channel Fleet, blockading the French Atlantic ports. During this time Captain Williams' health progressively worsened, and he was invalided back to Britain on 7 May 1805. He was replaced by Captain Thomas Fremantle on 8 May, and was sent to join Robert Calder's force blockading Ferrol, after the Franco-Spanish fleet had arrived there after the Battle of Cape Finisterre. Calder decided that his eight ships were not sufficient to resist Villeneuve's fleet were it to come out of harbour, and instead went north to join Admiral William Cornwallis's fleet off Brest. Shortly afterwards Nelson's fleet returned from the West Indies, bringing 12 more ships, and Calder was given 18 ships, including Neptune, and sent back to Ferrol to search for Villeneuve. By now Villeneuve had put into Cadiz and Calder's force was ordered to join the hastily assembled British fleet under Vice-Admiral Cuthbert Collingwood, that was blockading the Franco-Spanish fleet at Cadiz. As the British fleet settled in for a long blockade Fremantle commented on Neptunes sailing qualities. She had the reputation of being slow, and Fremantle complained that he did not like being in 'a large ship that don't sail and must continually be late in action.' During the battle however, Midshipman William Baddock commented that 'The old Neptune, which never was a good sailer, took it into her head that morning to sail better than I ever remember to have seen her do before.' Neptune  went into the battle 18 men short of her complement.

Paragraph 7: The program reinterprets the dance moves and musical sound that were popular in Italy at that time, the design, such as fonts specific to the 1980s and neon lamps, and the Italian fashion of the time, including a mustache, baggy clothes and long hair for men as well as shoulder pads, leggings, high hairstyles, flashy clothes, sequins, Lurex and animal prints. Musical numbers are interspersed with sketches, as a rule. Sketches include interviews of the presenter with fictitious famous people, whose actions and remarks are written into the script. The directorial techniques of Italian programs of the time are also imitated, such as shots with guests dancing in front of the camera while the artists perform their song on stage. All songs played in the program, with the exception of the techno remake of the song 'Mamma Maria' by Ricchi e Poveri, are adaptations of popular hits by the artists who took part in the recording of the program and traditional Russian New Year's songs. The song lyrics are all translated into Italian and stylized as a typical sound for an Italian stage of the time period from the mid-1970's to the early 1990's. References to Italian popular culture are not limited to music programs and festivals of the past. For example, the number 'Credo' is inspired by the film 'The Taming Of The Scoundrel', the lyrics of some songs contain references to places, people and events that were relevant at the time of the release of the program. Examples of this are demonstrated in the song 'Piango al Tecno' the street Kuznetsky Most, and Russian DJ Nina Kravitz are mentioned. During a commercial break announced by the host, viewers see a skit for a fictitious cleaning product called Buono. The finale of the program uses an original excerpt from the Soviet film 'Irony of Fate, or Enjoy Your Bath!' but the creators of the film dubbed the scene in Italian. Since the program was created for the Russian market, many jokes remain incomprehensible to Italian speakers. The program also contains references to current Russian events and Russian culture at the time of release. Although the interviews with the participants are staged, they often play on real topics from the personal lives or careers of the performers, for example, the actresses in the spoof TV series 'Quattro Putane' are actresses of the Russian TV series 'Chiki' that is about the lives of prostitutes. Some of the jokes are based on the peculiarities of the sound of Italian words for Russian-speaking people. Also, the artists speak with a strong accent and mispronounce many words.

Paragraph 8: Male, female. Forewing length 3.8-4.2 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-white with reddish reflection, vertex and neck tufts shining greyish brown with reddish gloss, laterally and medially lined white, lateral lines narrow, collar shining greyish brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally, extreme apex white; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white, antenna shining dark brown with a short white line from base changing to an interrupted section to two-fifths, followed towards apex by approximately six dark brown segments, seven more or less white, two dark brown, two white, six dark brown, three white and two dark brown segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining greyish brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: shining dark greyish brown, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments, interrupted on segment three and base of segment four, femora of midleg and hindleg shining ochreous-white, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one, two and four with whitish apical rings, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with a very oblique white line from base to two-thirds and a white apical ring, tarsi similar to midleg, spurs white dorsally, brown ventrally. Forewing shining greyish brown with reddish gloss, four narrow white lines in the basal area, a subcostal, nearly at costa, from base to just before one-half, slightly bending from costa, a medial from base and slightly longer than the costal, a slightly oblique subdorsal from one-sixth to near the transverse fascia, a dorsal from one-eighth to the end of medial, a bright yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with a broad prolongation towards apex and with a very short apical protrusion, bordered at the inner edge by two tubercular pale golden metallic subcostal and subdorsal spots, the subcostal spot with a patch of blackish scales on the outside, the subdorsal spot somewhat larger and further from base than the subcostal and not at the inner edge of The transverse fascia, at two-thirds of the transverse fascia two tubercular pale golden costal and dorsal spots, both spots opposite, the costal spot edged greyish brown on the inside, the dorsal spot more than twice as large as the costal, from the outer costal spot a short white costal streak, a shining white apical line from the dorsal side of the apical protrusion, cilia brown at apex, ochreous-brown towards dorsum. Hindwing shining pale grey, cilia ochreous-brown. Underside: forewing shining brownish grey, the white apical line distinctly visible, hindwing shining pale grey. Abdomen dorsally dark brownish grey, segment six banded whitish posteriorly, ventrally shining ochreous, anal tuft yellowish white.

Paragraph 9: Jahāngir is a draughtsman, or perhaps an architect. Royā is normally a housewife, but has recently started to attend a course on writing film scripts, an undertaking that has been actively encouraged by Jahāngir. Taghvā'i introduces his viewers  to Royā'''s penchant for story telling through a scene in which she tells a bedtime story for Shangul and Magul, the story being in reality a popular Persian children's story which is very reminiscent of The Wolf and the Seven Young Kids. This scene also reveals the two children as being both imaginative and highly theatrical. The names Shangul and Magul are the names of two baby goats in the same story; there is no hint in the film however that Shangul and Magul might be the pet names of the children, as opposed to their real names.Jahāngir is working on a project that he apparently has initially introduced to Royā as being a villa on an island, but that Royā has later discovered that it is a prison compound on the island. Following an intense argument between Jahāngir and Royā, Jahāngir reveals that he himself is deeply unhappy about his project, as his colleagues have nicknamed the prison compound as Jahāngir's Villa. An apparently innocuous argument between Jahāngir and Royā, married already for twelve years, thus leads to an intense and emotional flow of exchanges revolving around the subject matter of how well even closest individuals know each other and the reason why Jahāngir reacts nervously to Royās curiosity regarding his  past. The deliberately ambiguous circumstance in which the intense discussion between Royā and Jahāngir takes place, greatly enhances the power of the words exchanged between the two characters. On the one hand, one is given the impression that Royā is curious because she is preparing her first film script for her class and that she must be using her husband's character in her story. On the other hand, while Jahāngir appears to be disconcerted, one cannot escape the suspicion that he may in fact be a willing participant in the creation of the script that Royā is in the process of creating. Jahāngir never fails to ease the tension by using his dark humour when the going gets tough. It has been speculated that what one is witnessing is the film, or at least a rehearsal of it, is actually based on the script written by Royā, with all the members of the family playing their allotted roles.One finds a posteriori justification for one's suspicions when in the later parts of the film one hears Jahāngir talking about his previous agreements with Royā in regard to the script to be written by her. Furthermore, attending carefully to the conversations taking place between Jahāngir and Royā throughout the film, one will not fail to recognise parts of these conversations in the draft texts of the final script written by Royā.

Paragraph 10: Uganda was embroiled in a political crisis almost immediately after the UNLF took power. Lule disregarded the Moshi Conference agreements stipulating a weak presidential authority and attempted to assert his ability to operate under stronger powers provided by the constitution operative in Uganda before Amin's coup. He also distrusted the UNLA, which he considered to be made up of loyal Obote and Museveni partisans. Meanwhile, Museveni and Oyite-Ojok both attempted to stack the army with their own supporters. Lule's refusal to consult the NCC about ministerial appointments provoked outrage in the committee, and on 20 June 1979 it voted to remove him from office. Godfrey Binaisa, the former Attorney General of Uganda under Obote who had come to oppose both him and Amin and had no prior role in the committee, was then elected president. Lule's ouster instigated large protests in Kampala and clashes between demonstrators and Tanzanian troops attempting to maintain order. Nyerere announced that he would offer continued support to Uganda as long as it retained a unified and uncorrupted government. Over the following month large numbers of TPDF troops were withdrawn and political violence around Kampala increased. In November Binaisa began to fear that Muwanga—then serving as a minister in the government—was preparing to return Obote to power, and considered dismissing him from his post. At Obote's advice, Muwanga publicly declared that Obote had no interest in regaining the presidency and would back Binaisa in the next national election. As Obote and Muwanga intended, Binaisa felt assured by the guarantee and instead removed Obote's rival, Museveni, from his post as Minister of Defence. The situation in Uganda declined further as Tanzanian troops clashed with civilians, unofficial militias were raised, and Binaisa focused on using his office to enrich himself. In 1980 Binaisa attempted to strip Oyite-Ojok of his post as Chief of Staff of the UNLA. This infuriated many Ugandan soldiers, and Muwanga and Oyite-Ojok, with Museveni's approval, began moving to oust Binaisa. On 12 May the NCC's Military Affairs Commission announced that it was assuming the responsibilities of the presidency. Nyerere refused to intervene, fearing clashes between the TPDF and UNLA.

Paragraph 11: Abatar | Abbas Gavabar | Abbas Kuh | Abbasabad | Abchalagi | Abdangsar | Abdu Chal | Abkenar | Abrud | Abuyar | Afermejan-e Olya | Afermejan-e Sofla | Aftab Khvortab | Agari Bujaq | Aghasi | Aghuz Kalleh | Aghuz Keleh | Aghuzbon Kand Sar | Aghuzbon | Aghuzbon | Aghuzchal | Ahandan | Ahangar Mahalleh | Ahkalan | Ahmad Sara | Ahmadabad | Ahmadsargurab | Aineh Deh | Aji Buzayeh | Akbar Sara | Akbarabad | Akbarabad | Akhund Mahalleh | Akhund Melk | Ala Sar | Alaki Sahra | Alalan-e Qadim | Alam Sar | Alan | Alankangeh | Ali Bozayeh | Ali Kalayeh | Ali Nowdeh | Ali Owsat Mahalleh | Ali Sara | Ali Sara | Ali Sara | Ali Sara | Ali Sorud | Ali Va | Aliabad Sara | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad-e Kapur Chal | Alibeyk Sara | Alikhan Sara | Alkam | Allah Bakhsh Mahalleh | Allah Deh | Allah Rud | Allah Vajeh Sar | Allaheh Gurab | Allahka | Alman Lengeh | Alman | Alman | Alvian | Amildan | Aminabad | Aminabad | Amir Bekandeh | Amir Beyglu | Amir Gavabor | Amir Hendeh | Amir Hendeh | Amir Kalayeh | Amir Kia Sar | Amirabad | Amlash | Amshal | Anarestan | Anarkul | Anbar Sar | Anbara Pesht | Anbaran Mahalleh | Anbolan Sara | Anbu | Anbuh | Angulesh | Angulvar | Anjilan | Anjil-e Boneh | Anovi | Anush Mahalleh | Anush Mahalleh-ye Jow Kandan | Aq Masjed | Aq Masjed | Aq Owlar | Aqa Ali Sara | Aqa Mahalleh | Aqa Mahalleh-ye Bahambar | Aqa Nur-e Sehtan | Aqajan Mahalleh | Aqaseyyed Yaqub | Araban | Arb Gardan | Arba Sar | Arbastan | Arbeh Langeh | Arbu Kolayeh | Arbu Langeh | Arbu Sara | Ardajan | Ardeh | Areh Chak | Arus Mahalleh | Arushki | Asak | Asalem | Asb Buni | Asb Rish | Asbrahan | Asbu Sara | Asd Sara | Asgarabad | Ashik Aghasi | Ashiyan | Ashkal | Ashkar Meydan | Ashk-e Majan Pahlu | Ashtarkan | Ashurabad | Asia Barak | Asiab Darreh | Asiab Sar | Asiab Sar | Asiab Sham | Asiabar | Asiabarak | Asiab-e Saran | Askadeh | Askarabad | Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh | Astara | Asu | Atarud | Atash Sara | Ateshgah | Ava | Avaz Lar Sayyadlar | Ayarneh | Aynehvar | Ayzdin | Azar Key | Azarbon-e Olya | Azarbon-e Sofla | Azarcheh | Azarestan | Azarestanak | Azarsetanaki | Azbar | Azgam | Azhdeha Baluch | Aziz Kian

Paragraph 12: Mattimeo is a direct sequel to Redwall and Mossflower, taking place eight seasons (two years) after the events of the first novel. The peaceful woodland creatures of Redwall Abbey are busy preparing for a feast during the summer equinox. Matthias and Cornflower have had a son named Mattimeo, who has been generally spoiled throughout his life by the inhabitants of Redwall. Meanwhile, the masked fox Slagar the Cruel and his gang of slavers are planning to enter Redwall Abbey during one of their feasts. Slagar, a villainous fox craving revenge for a crime never committed against him, intends to capture slaves from Redwall and take them to an underground kingdom ruled by a mysterious, god-like figure named Malkariss to be sold as slaves. After drugging the Abbey residents, he kidnaps Mattimeo, Tim and Tess Churchmouse, Cynthia Bankvole, and Sam Squirrel. They meet Auma, (a young badger maid) and Jube, (a hedgehog), who were also kidnapped by Slagar the Cruel. Upon discovering the children missing, Matthias, Basil Stag Hare and Jess Squirrel with the help of a few friends, leave the Abbey to hunt down Slagar and return the children back home. They encounter Cheek, an ottercub Matthias describes as "Cheek both by name and by nature".

Paragraph 13: Under new head coach Nate McMillan, Telfair began the 2005–06 season as the starting point guard and was occasionally paired in the backcourt with another high school draftee taken in 2005, Martell Webster. Telfair improved upon his 2004–05 numbers; though his production was still seen  by many commentators as being somewhat below par for an NBA starting point guard. As a result, Telfair experienced increasing pressure from various local media. In December 2005, Telfair suffered a thumb injury and was replaced in the starting lineup by Steve Blake, who went on to have fewer turnovers and more assists. Telfair returned to the court on January 9, 2006, after having missed twelve games. Blake continued as the starting point guard with Telfair coming off the bench. Although the Trail Blazers had already been eliminated from playoff contention that season, Telfair scored the game-winning basket against the Houston Rockets on April 5, 2006.

Paragraph 14: On 3 October 1916 William Tritton, about to be knighted for developing the Mark I, proposed to the Tank Supply Committee that a faster and cheaper tank, equipped with two engines like the Flying Elephant, should be built to exploit gaps that the heavier but slow tanks made, an idea that up till then had been largely neglected. This was accepted on 10 November and approved by the War Office on 25 November. At that time the name for the project was the Tritton Chaser. Traditionally, the name Whippet (after the fast-running dog breed) is attributed to Sir William himself. Actual construction started on 21 December. The first prototype, with a revolving turret taken from an Austin armoured car — the first for a British tank design, as Little Willie's original turret was fixed — was ready on 3 February 1917 and participated (probably without one) in the tank trials day at Oldbury on 3 March. The next day, in a meeting with the French to coordinate allied tank production, the Commander-in-Chief of the British forces Field Marshal Haig ordered the manufacture of two hundred vehicles, the first to be ready on 31 July. Although he was acting beyond his authority, as usual, his decisions were confirmed in June 1917. The first production tanks left the factory in October and two were delivered to the first unit to use them, F Battalion of the Tank Corps (later 6th Battalion), on 14 December 1917. In December 1917 the order was increased from 200 to 385 but this was later cancelled in favour of more advanced designs, the Medium Mark B, Medium Mark C and Medium Mark D.

Paragraph 15: 	From those early years in the 1970s through to the first decade of the twenty-first century, Stiller would set a hectic pace for himself of work, research, advocacy and medical-based entrepreneurship. His name can be found on some 265 peer-reviewed scientific papers, which is an astonishing level of published research for a physician who, along the way, had married the former Angie Apolinario, had a family of six children, a full case-load of patients, and held numerous administrative responsibilities. Additionally, Stiller had found the time to be an early adopter of computerized patient records, as well as to co-create a telephone-based medical service, which he would take public. This service became the first form of Telemedicine offered by the Government of Ontario.4  These foundational years of his career, especially the pioneering days of organ transplantation, were very exciting, he says, but also hard-going emotionally because a large number of transplant recipients died. Still, ‘some of my best memories’, he recalls, ‘are of driving home at two in the morning from the ICU after a family had agreed to donate a loved one’s organs, and knowing that someone facing imminent death was being prepped for the OR’.5  A deep and abiding commitment to the eventual widespread success of organ transplantation led to Stiller's establishing the Multi-Organ Transplant Service and the Canadian Centre for Transplantation in London, over which he acted as chief from 1984 until 1996. Organ rejection was (and remains) a major challenge in the field and Stiller's key involvement as principal investigator in the early 1980s in the clinical trials and market development of the drug Cyclosporine for use as a first-line therapy for transplant rejection stands as a towering achievement in revolutionizing the success rate of organ transplants worldwide. In 1990, he published the book, Lifegifts: The Real Story of Organ Transplantation, in which he, along with his brother, the Rev’d Brian Stiller, recounts this remarkable history.6  In a similar way, Stiller's leading role amongst a team of researchers had proved in 1984 that human Type I Diabetes was an autoimmune disorder and therefore amenable to a regime of immunosuppressant or immunomodulant treatment. It was a singular breakthrough that was much-praised by the medical community, as well as by many others, including the late Professor Michael Bliss, the renowned University of Toronto medical historian and biographer of the Nobel prize-winning co-discoverer of insulin, Sir Frederick Banting.7

Paragraph 16: Variations on the tar-baby legend are found in the folklore of more than one culture. In the Journal of American Folklore in 1943, Aurelio M. Espinosa discussed various different motifs within 267 versions of the tar-baby story that were ostensibly 'in his possession'. Espinosa used the existence of similar motifs to argue that the tar baby story and hundreds of other myths throughout the world, despite the significant variations between them, originate from a single ancient Indian myth. The next year, Archer Taylor added a list of tar baby stories from more sources around the world, citing scholarly claims of its earliest origins in India and Iran. Espinosa later published documentation on tar baby stories from a variety of language communities around the world.

Paragraph 17: In 1618 King Philip III charged him with the devolution of the territories conquered by the Spanish forces in Piedmont to the duke of Savoy. In 1616 Venice concluded an alliance with France, Switzerland, and the Netherlands to counter Spain's power. Bedmar was instructed to destroy this league and, with  Pedro Téllez-Girón, 3rd Duke of Osuna, viceroy of Naples (1574–1624),  and the Spanish Governor of the Duchy of Milan,  Gómez Suárez de Figueroa, 3rd Duke of Feria,  planned a naval invasion to bring the city closer to the Spanish sphere of influence. The scheme was to be carried out on Ascension Day in 1618 but was revealed by the French, and Bedmar, protected by his position from arrest, left Venice.

Paragraph 18: Douglas, on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, is one of Chicago's 77 community areas. The neighborhood is named for Stephen A. Douglas, Illinois politician and Abraham Lincoln's political foe, whose estate included a tract of land given to the federal government. This tract later was developed for use as the Civil War Union training and prison camp, Camp Douglas, located in what is now the eastern portion of the Douglas neighborhood. Douglas gave that part of his estate at Cottage Grove and 35th to the Old University of Chicago.  The Chicago 2016 Olympic bid planned for the Olympic Village to be constructed on a  truck parking lot, south of McCormick Place, that is mostly in the Douglas community area and partly in the Near South Side.

Paragraph 19: Its debut episode on the Seven Network pulled in 2.03 million viewers, beating Nine's airing of 60 Minutes and Ten's airing of The Biggest Loser in the same time period. Since its debut the series has remained in the top five in the Australian TV ratings. The season one finale aired August 5, 2007, and received the lowest rating of the year – 1.051 million and only in the 13th slot of the night. This was predominantly because it aired in the same time-slot as the season premiere of rival program Australian Idol. After holding off on the 2nd season, it was announced in April 2008 that Seven would begin Ugly Betty's second season in a new 7:30 pm Wednesday time slot, beginning on May 7 The show has lost its large following, only drawing around 900,000 viewers despite strong advertising attempts by Channel Seven. The show was "shelved" after the ninth episode was shown on July 2, and will resume airing the remaining episodes until after the Olympics. It was replaced by "RSPCA Animal Rescue". Ugly Betty returned to Seven on August 28, 2008, at a new and later time slot of 9:30 pm Thursdays. The episode aired, "Bananas For Betty" was viewed by only 597,000 viewers and was removed. Seven later announced that Ugly Betty will return twice a week, every Tuesday and Thursday at 7:30 pm, starting when Summer begins. It was then moved to only once a week at Thursday 7:30 pm. Soon after, the show was pulled from screening (after finishing the second season) due to moderately low ratings. It was later confirmed on October 23, 2009, that Ugly Betty would return to Australian screens on Seven's new secondary digital channel 7Two. It will resume with the premiere of Season 3, "The Manhattan Project", starting Tuesday, November 3, 7:30 pm.

Paragraph 20: The refit was substantial, the light armament was standardised, fourteen new L60 40mm guns in three twin  Mk 5 mounts and eight single  Mk 7 mounts  as on INS Mysore (ex-HMS Nigeria). Radar was substantially updated to Type 974 navigation, Type 293 target indicator and air warning 281B at near 960 capability and ADR similar to HMS Euralyus the last operational RN Dido 11/1954.  A new bridge was fitted and the ship tropicalised. Surface and long range AA for the 5.25 turrets remained (2)WW2 standard 984/985 as on INS Delhi. She was renamed Babur, after the founder of the Mogul empire. The cost of the refit far exceeded the £400,000 allocated by the Pakistan Government  even supplemented with a 0.25 million dollar, US MDAP aid grant, and the refit by the Royal Navy dockyard, charged below cost. Pakistan still had to meet a huge shortfall in the bill. It had been known from the start of 1956 that the refit cost would exceed Pakistan's budget, but the new First Sea Lord, Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India, was determined Pakistan would have a cruiser, as was head of Pakistan's navy Choudri. Despite his government's attempt to first cancel the deal in mid-1957, then demand the cruiser be decommissioned as an extravagance when it arrived in 1958, the British Government demanded a payment, which even the British Far East Command considered outrageous and likely to promote a political crisis. Defence cuts saw it temporarily laid up as a fully manned static training ship for cadets in 1961. However the cruiser was back in full operational service by 1963 and took part in Operation Dwarka after India invaded Pakistan during the 1965 conflict. Babur carried out a shore bombardment of Dwarka in September 1965. Fitting the cruiser with Styx missiles was considered in 1968  to counter the Soviet missiles purchased by India, but Russia was only prepared to offer the missile for fast attack craft, not larger warships. The outbreak of war with India in December 1971 saw Babur deployed as one of Pakistan's few available large warships, taking station 70 miles west of Karachi in an outer patrol zone, intending to protect the major ports of West Pakistan and oil tankers from the Gulf. Light 37mm AA and 40/60 Bofors at Karachi and other ports discouraged low level Indian Air Force bombing, below 2 miles high in IAF Canberra raids that occurred on Karachi. This led India to develop a plan to use its Styx-equipped Osa missile boats squadron with only Russian spoken in the Osa boats operation rooms for security, deception and commonality with the Indian officers trained in Russia for its major strike against the Pakistan Navy and the Karachi port installations and oil refineries. As the Osa missile boat squadron one Pakistan  Battle class  destroyers was sunk by 2 Styx missiles and another second hand Pakistan destroyer of the RN C class was massively damaged by another Styx (both the Battle and C class Destroyers were still in RN service itself at the time in 1971).  The 27 year old cruiser Babur somehow being missed, possibly due to its fitting with standard USN ESM/ECM similar to HMAS Yarram enabling the  Babur to electronically black itself out in time. Later during the night, after the failure of repeated Indian air force air strikes the Karachi tank farm of  oil storage facilities, were hit by Styx missiles from Osa missile boats causing a firestorm. Babur lacking anti-missile protection and ability to identify air and surface unit attacks was recalled to the naval base as a static flag ship.

Paragraph 21: He subsequently took coaching jobs in Dubai and with Al Naser in Kuwait. In 1990, he was appointed Chief Scout at Barnsley, a post he held until April 1994 when he returned to Norwich City assisting then manager John Deehan with administrative duties, whilst also coaching the Norwich goalkeepers. Deehan resigned in April 1995, and was replaced by Martin O'Neill, Deehan subsequently being appointed manager of Wigan Athletic. In November 1995, Benson became Deehan's assistant at Wigan. In the summer of 1998, Deehan left to coach at Sheffield United, with Benson taking over as caretaker. He was offered the job, but declined on the grounds of ill-health, Ray Mathias taking over instead, with Benson remaining in an advisory capacity. With expectations high and Wigan missing out on promotion, Matthias was sacked, and on 1 June 1999 Benson was appointed as Wigan's manager. As Wigan settled into their new home at the JJB Stadium, Benson's side went 26 league games undefeated, before losing at home to Oldham Athletic on 7 January 2000, Benson picking up 2 Manager of the Month awards in the process. Towards the end of the season Wigan lost their form and found themselves in the play-off final at Wembley against Gillingham. A few days prior to the game, Benson had announced he was stepping down but remained to lead his team out at Wembley and ultimately a 3–2 defeat after being 2–1 up with only 7 minutes of extra time remaining. In June 2000 Bruce Rioch took over as Wigan manager, with Benson appointed as general manager. In April 2001, Rioch was replaced by Steve Bruce and Benson's role changed to that of youth development officer. A month later Bruce also left, and the consequent arrival as Paul Jewell resulted in Benson being given the title of Director of Football. On 10 December 2001 he resigned from his post at Wigan to link up again, this time as assistant manager, with Steve Bruce, when Bruce finally completed his acrimonious move from Crystal Palace to Birmingham City. He later became general manager at Birmingham, but left on 2 June 2006 to rejoin Wigan Athletic, where his role was described as "a link between the playing and administrative sides" of the club. He left Wigan to join Sunderland in the summer of 2010.

Paragraph 22: Michael Lvovich Glinsky (, , ; 1460s – 24 September 1534) was a noble from the Grand Duchy of Lithuania of distant Tatar extraction, who was also a tutor of his grand-nephew, Ivan the Terrible. Glinsky was born in Turov. He was a son of prince Lev Borisovich Glinsky (d. 1495), and paternal uncle of Elena Glinskaya. As a young man, Glinsky served in the court of Emperor Maximilian I and earned distinction for his military service. Around 1498 he returned to Lithuania and quickly rose in power and wealth, angering local nobles. Just after commanding the victorious Battle of Kletsk against the Crimean Khanate in August 1506, he was accused of conspiracy against the deceased Grand Duke Alexander Jagiellon and lost all his wealth. Glinsky began an armed rebellion against Sigismund I, the new Grand Duke. The rebellion was unsuccessful and Glinsky retreated to the Grand Duchy of Moscow, where he served Vasili III of Russia. When the Muscovite–Lithuanian Wars renewed in 1512, Glinsky was instrumental in helping Moscow to capture Smolensk, a major trading centre. However, he was not rewarded with the regency of the city. Angered, he planned to betray Vasili III, but the plot was discovered and he was imprisoned for 12 years. He was freed after his niece Elena Glinskaya, daughter of his brother Vasili Lvovich Glinsky and Ana Jakšić, married Vasili III in 1526. Before his death in 1533, Vasili appointed Elena as regent for his underage sons Ivan and Yuri. Elena disapproved of Glinsky's influence in state affairs and had him sent to prison, where he soon died of starvation.

Paragraph 23: The Elite, a team of super-powered vigilantes, gain worldwide popularity for confronting terrorists and other criminals using methods that are characterized by mass destruction and violent, summary execution. They are led by a powerful British telekinetic named Manchester Black, and include Coldcast, who can emit tremendous amounts of energy, Menagerie, who is symbiotically bonded with many demonic-looking beasts covering her body called symbeasts, and a magician named The Hat whose magical abilities are centered upon his fedora. Despite the 32% approval that the Elite garner from the public, Superman condemns their unlawful killing of criminals. After Superman neutralizes a group of alien invaders called the Klee-Tee, the Elite appear. When Manchester orders The Hat to kill the Klee-Tee, Superman assaults The Hat to prevent him from doing this, leading to an altercation with The Elite. During their next confrontation, which occurs in the middle of a city, Superman implores the group to move their imminent duel elsewhere, and the Elite obliges by transporting themselves and Superman to the Jovian moon Io, along with a group of hovering camera drones that transmit the ensuing battle back to Earth. Superman then endures a vicious beating at the hands of the Elite, one that appears to annihilate him. However, one by one, the members of the Elite are subsequently attacked by an unseen Superman, and apparently killed by him. Superman then uses his x-ray and heat vision to remove the mutated portion of Manchester's brain that gave him his telekinetic abilities, neutralizing him. As a terrified Manchester breaks down in tears over his impending demise, Superman reveals that the Elite are all alive, merely rendered unconscious by him, awaiting arrest by the authorities, and that the lobotomy he gave Manchester was actually the equivalent of a concussion whose effects are temporary. Superman explains that he created the illusion that he had crossed the line into brutal vigilantism to illustrate the danger and pointlessness of hatred and vengeance to the public. An enraged Manchester threatens retribution, telling Superman that he is living in a dream. Superman responds that dreams are what motivate people to transform themselves, and vows that he will never stop fighting until his dream of a world of dignity, honor and justice becomes a reality.

Paragraph 24: After the sudden surrender of Japan in 1945 and the onset of the Cold War, the Communists and the Nationalists locked in a Civil War. The China Hand view was propounded by Harvard professor John Fairbank in his The United States and China (1948) and in the bestselling book Thunder Out of China, published in 1946 by Theodore White and Annalee Jacobee. They hoped that American policy could encourage Chinese nationalism and prevent alignment with Soviet communism. Patrick Hurley testified to Congress that the China Hands had subverted his mission and General Albert Wedemeyer blamed the State Department for failing to act. When the Chinese Communists declared victory in 1949, an immediate outcry by anti-communists asked "Who lost China?" John T. Flynn, Louis F. Budenz, Freda Utley, none of whom had any professional expertise in Chinese history or politics, were among the many who charged that China Hands had undermined Chiang Kai-shek, misled the American public and lost China either through naive ignorance of the true nature of Marxism or even allegiance to the Soviet Union. John Service, they pointed out, had admitted that before he went to Yan'an he had not read the basic texts of Marxism, and the other China Hands were no better informed. Senator Joseph McCarthy expanded these accusations to include Owen Lattimore, who had served as personal adviser to Chiang at the beginning of the war. These charges were developed in a series of congressional hearings, including those into the Institute of Pacific Relations. Foreign Service Officers O. Edmund Clubb, John Paton Davies, Jr., John S. Service, and John Carter Vincent were forced out of the Foreign Service, while journalists such as Edgar Snow and Theodore White could not continue their careers in magazine journalism. Career trajectories slowed down for the remaining State Department China Hands, but a few eventually attained ambassadorships: James K. Penfield (Iceland), Philip D. Sprouse (Cambodia), and Fulton Freeman (Colombia and Mexico).

Paragraph 25: Capping a sequence or cycle in which Virgil created and augmented a new political mythology, Eclogue 4 reaches out to imagine a golden age ushered in by the birth of a boy heralded as "great increase of Jove" (magnum Iovis incrementum), which ties in with divine associations claimed in the propaganda of Octavian, the ambitious young heir to Julius Caesar. The poet makes this notional scion of Jove the occasion to predict his own metabasis up the scale in epos, rising from the humble range of the bucolic to the lofty range of the heroic, potentially rivaling Homer: he thus signals his own ambition to make Roman epic that will culminate in the Aeneid. In the surge of ambition, Virgil also projects defeating the legendary poet Orpheus and his mother, the epic muse Calliope, as well as Pan, the inventor of the bucolic pipe, even in Pan's homeland of Arcadia, which Virgil will claim as his own at the climax of his eclogue book in the tenth eclogue. Biographical identification of the fourth eclogue's child has proved elusive; but the figure proved a link between traditional Roman authority and Christianity. The connection is first made in the Oration of Constantine appended to the Life of Constantine by Eusebius of Caesarea (a reading to which Dante makes fleeting reference in his Purgatorio). Some scholars have also remarked similarities between the eclogue's prophetic themes and the words of Isaiah 11:6: "a little child shall lead".

Paragraph 26: Livy and Plutarch provide parallel narratives for 381. In that year the Volsci and Praenestines are said to have joined forces and, according to Livy, successfully stormed the Roman colony of Satricum. In response the Romans elected Marcus Furius Camillus as consular tribune for the sixth time. Camillus was assigned the Volscian war by special senatorial decree. His fellow tribune Lucius Furius Medullinus was chosen by lot to be his colleague in this undertaking. There are some differences between Livy and Plutarch in their accounts of the campaign that followed. According to Livy the tribunes marched out from the Esquiline Gate for Satricum with an army of four legions, each consisting of 4000 men. At Satricum they met an army considerably superior in number and eager for battle. Camillus, however, refused to engage the enemy, seeking instead to protract the war. This exasperated his colleague, Lucius Furius, who claimed that Camillus had become too old and slow and soon won over the whole army to his side. While his colleague prepared for battle, Camillus formed a strong reserve and awaited the outcome of the battle. The Volsci started to retire soon after the battle had started, and, as they had planned, the Romans were drawn into following them up the rising ground toward the Volscian camp. Here the Volsci had placed several cohorts in reserve and these joined the battle. Fighting uphill against superior numbers, the Romans started to flee. However Camillus brought up the reserves and rallied the fleeing soldiers to stand their ground. With the infantry wavering, the Roman cavalry, now led by Lucius Furius, dismounted and attacked the enemy on foot. As a result, the Volsci were defeated and fled in panic; their camp was also taken. A large number of Volsci were killed and an even larger number taken prisoners. According to Plutarch, a sick Camillus was waiting in the camp while his colleague engaged the enemy. When he heard that the Romans had been routed, he sprung from his couch, rallied the soldiers and stopped the enemy pursuit. Then on the second day Camillus led his forces out, defeated the enemy in battle and took their camp. Camillus then learned that Satricum had been taken by Etruscans and all the Roman colonists there slaughtered. He sent the bulk of his forces back to Rome, while he and the youngest men fell upon the Etruscans and expelled them from Satricum. Having described Camillus' victory at Satricum, Livy and Plutarch move on to narrate the Roman annexation of the Latin town of Tusculum.

Paragraph 27: Sandrart described Amor as "A life-size Cupid after a boy of about twelve...[who] has large brown eagle's wings, drawn so correctly and with such strong coloring, clarity and relief that it all comes to life." Richard Symonds, an English visitor to Rome about 1649/51, recorded the Cupid as being "ye body and face of his (Caravaggio's) own boy or servant that (sic) laid with him". The Italian art historian Giani Pappi has put forward the theory that this Cecco may be identical with Cecco del Caravaggio ('Caravaggio's Cecco'), a notable Italian follower of Caravaggio who emerged in the decade after the master's death. While this remains controversial, there is more widespread support for Pappi's further proposal that Cecco del Caravaggio should be identified as an artist known as Francesco Boneri. Cecco Boneri, if this is his name, appears in many of Caravaggio's paintings, as the juvenile angel supporting Christ in The Conversion of Saint Paul (1600–1601), possibly as the angel offering a martyr's palm to the saint in The Martyrdom of Saint Matthew (1599–1600) (although seen only as of the top of a curly head of hair), as the young Isaac about to have his throat cut in The Sacrifice of Isaac (1603), as an adolescent David in David with the Head of Goliath (Caravaggio, Rome) (ca. 1610 – the head is Caravaggio's), and as the John the Baptist now in the Capitoline Gallery in Rome.

Paragraph 28: Numberwang: A "maths quiz" game show in which two contestants, Simon and Julie (Paterson Joseph and Olivia Colman), call out numbers until the host (Webb) declares "That's Numberwang." The rules of the game are left completely unexplained to the viewer, and appear to follow no logic whatsoever, to the point that sometimes the gameplay contradicts itself (for instance, a character giving an answer which is deemed wrong, immediately followed by another character giving the exact same answer which is deemed correct). Despite this, all characters onscreen act as though the rules are clear and obvious. The game goes through several rounds with varying formats (all of which incorporate 'number' or 'wang' into their titles), until the final round, titled "Wangernumb". Before the round, the host declares that it is time to "rotate the board"—resulting in an interlude where the contestant area, which is on one side of a turntable, is spun in a full revolution to briefly reveal a non-sequitur scene on the other side of the wall, such as a Nativity scene, a game of Russian roulette or a confused newsreader, before it returns to the first two. The game is almost consistently won by Simon with the prizes including an oversized cheque originally intended for Children in Need or a knighthood, while the losing contestant suffers varying indignities such as being stuffed into a cardboard box or arrested by the police. One sketch features a variation known as Wordwang ("the spin-off series with a difference, and that difference is words"), and another features a German-language adaptation, Nümberwang (which is hosted by Mitchell). One sketch features a sudden death tie-break round after neither contestant correctly calls "Numberwang"; the round was won by the first contestant (Julie) to die after inhaling toxic Nitrogen dioxide, described by the host as being made from the number two (NO2). The Numberwang episodes were only featured during series 1; series 2 featured other sketches themed around the show, such as a trailer for The Numberwang Code (a parody of The Da Vinci Code), as well as an advert for the show's home game (which includes a board, numbers, two 400-sided dice and a 37-volume rulebook), and a mockumentary on the show's history which reveals that the show was based on a series of treatises written by Bertrand Russell and had aired since the 1930s, and that determining a Numberwang was an extremely complex process that was later simplified via the use of a robot known as Colosson, a play on the name of the early computer, which had a habit of trying to take over the world and could only be shut down when shown a picture of a chicken. What Numberwang actually means is never revealed.

Paragraph 29: In addition to yearly releases, a variety of special edition Nike Dunk SBs have been released. The Nike Dunk SB Low Pro SB Tiffany was released in 2005 and, according to the Complex Sneakers website, was one of the brand's first designs to "drive nearly everyone crazy." The Nike Dunk SB Tiffany design was also adapted by Nick Tershay, as part of Diamond, his skateboard/streetwear company.Other variations and collaborative releases with popular clothing brands made Nike SB popularity intensify. Brands like Stüssy, Supreme New York, Staple Design, and Concepts all developed their own version of the Nike SB Dunk that became highly desired. The Nike Dunk SB Low Staple "NYC Pigeon" was also initially released in 2005 by Staple Design. The shoe made headlines of the New York Post because of a riot that started over the shoe and its release. On an interview with Jeff Staple owner of Staple Design, he stated "They were pulling kids off the gate and arresting them, and kids are holding onto the gate not letting go. Then it turned into a soccer match. Cops called higher level police, like SWAT, and some of the people who came to wait in line brought their own weapons. We saw machetes and baseball bats on the ground. It was crazy. It was just go to a store and buy shoes before that.”  Nike SB made an impact on what is known today as sneaker culture, and in an article from Hypebeast, which says "the success of SB and my desire to have them to the cool color schemes which allowed us as a community to nickname each shoe and the coinciding box colors that signaled different eras" and with limited product and high demand it added more to the triumph of Nike SB at the time.

Paragraph 30: Block's most famous creation, the ever-evolving Matthew Scudder, was introduced in 1976's The Sins of the Fathers as an alcoholic ex-cop working as an unlicensed private investigator in Hell's Kitchen. Originally published as paperbacks, the early novels are in many ways interchangeable; the second and third entries—In the Midst of Death (1976) and Time to Murder and Create (1977)—were written in the opposite order from their publication dates. 1982's 8 Million Ways to Die (filmed in 1986 by Hal Ashby, with unpopular results) breaks from that trend, concluding with Scudder introducing himself at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. The series was set to end on that note, but an idle promise Block had made to supply an editor friend with an original Scudder short resulted in "By the Dawn's Early Light", a story set during the character's drinking days, but told from the perspective of a recovering alcoholic. Block expanded on that with 1986's When the Sacred Ginmill Closes (named for a line in a song by folk singer Dave Van Ronk, a close friend), which proved not only one of the more literary entries, but also a favorite of the author and his fans. From then on, Scudder's circumstances rarely remain the same from one book to the next; 1990's A Ticket to the Boneyard, for example, reunites him with Elaine Mardell, a hooker from his days on the force, whom he marries several books later. Other fan favorites are 1991's taut, gruesome A Dance at the Slaughterhouse (winner of the Edgar Award for Best [mystery] Novel), and 1993's A Long Line of Dead Men, a tightly plotted puzzler featuring a rapidly dwindling fraternity known as the "Club of 31".  A Walk Among the Tombstones, published in 1992, was made into a film, released in 2014, written and directed by Scott Frank, with Liam Neeson playing the lead role. The seventeenth entry, A Drop of the Hard Stuff was published in May 2011.