Paragraph 1: After thwarting Zeev and Judy's plot, the Greenhouse students returned to normal. Sefi Shahal was appointed prime minister in place of Mordi. Sefi, who was expelled from the "GreenHouse" as a child, tries to oust Lewis from running the school, eventually following a police investigation Sefi manages to oust Lewis following a challenge in which several students were injured, including Sophie who admitted to investigating Lewis, and is replaced by Naomi Reshef, who moved into Lewis' house. In addition, the mysterious client blows orna the vehicle to create a distraction while his people replace the magnetite. When Orna was in the hospital, she was hypnotized by the client. At that time Ella-Lee hears beeps coming from Ruby's room, and she remembers hearing the same beep in the cave and wanted to go back there. She knew Judy's fingerprints could open the cave, She also knew that Yiftach's locker had the fingerprints and took them away without he’s noticing. Yiftach sees that the fingerprints are not in his locker and realizes that Ella Lee took them and so they cooperated. Natalie (Lewis' daughter) helps them and Daniel too. They found a secret room in Ruby's room that the room is also a control room that opens the cave. They planned for Daniel and Yiftach to enter the cave while Natalie and Ella-Lee would open it through the control room. Following these unexpected developments - Ella Lee came in with Yiftach instead of Daniel. The "client" is planning a new plot related to magnetite - to spread a virus (created during the heating of the magnetite with which Zeev and Judy tried to create an earthquake in the first season). The fact that Ella lee and Yiftach do not know is that the magnetite inside the cave so it turned out that they are both paralyzed because of the virus. At the same time - in a peace conference where all the world leaders are present and as a result - the client want to earn a lot of capital. The students of the "Greenhouse" felt the matter and tried to thwart the "plot" of the "client". At the same time as thwarting the conspiracy, the students of the "greenhouse" experienced new crises and new loves that affected them during this time as well. At the end of the season, they managed to thwart the client’s plot, which turns out to be Ruby's personality and escapes to an unknown place, and life in the "greenhouse" returns to normal.

Paragraph 2: In 2004, Rubin, who had become the company's president, left the company to work on a new project, Iron and the Maiden. In addition to their inhouse game team, Naughty Dog is also home to the ICE Team, one of PlayStation Studios's central technology groups. The company's first PlayStation 3 game, Uncharted: Drake's Fortune, was released in 2007, followed by several sequels and spin-off titles. This lasted until Naughty Dog announced a new intellectual property for the PlayStation 3, The Last of Us, which was in development by a secondary team at the studio and released to critical acclaim in 2013 which spawned a franchise. A sequel, The Last of Us Part II for the PlayStation 4, was released by Naughty Dog in 2020 to similar acclaim, though the narrative polarized critics and audiences.

Paragraph 3: Their first single "Eyelashes", was playlisted on national (Triple J) & interstate radio (FBi Radio, RTRFM) and given single of the week in two Australian street press magazines in April 2004. The band undertook its first tour of regional and metropolitan Western Australia with Little Birdy in July 2004, followed by their first interstate dates in Sydney & Victoria playing with Hope of the States in August 2004.  Their second single "Sleepy Little Deathtoll Town" (taken from the EP of the same name) was released in September 2004, and was playlisted on national & interstate radio, this was followed in October by an eleven date Australian tour with Little Birdy. The band were selected for Triple J's Fresh Crop artist for Australian Music Month (November 2004) profiling the song "Mohawk".  The Panda Band were listed by Rolling Stone Magazine as number 1 band to watch in 2005 "A surreal, swirling and eclectic mix of instrumentation and melodies. Flaming Lips and Modest Mouse eccentricity blended with the classic harmonies and quirk of Sgt Peppers-era Beatles."(Bronwyn Thompson – Rolling Stone Magazine January 2005)."Sleepy Little Deathtoll Town" entered the Triple J Hottest 100 of 2004, at number 73 and the band were awarded 'Most Promising New Act at the 2005 Western Australian Music Industry Awards (WAMi's) in February 2005.  The Panda Band performed at the inaugural Southbound Festival (January 2005) and played at The Big Day Out in Perth (February 2005).  February 2005 also saw the release of their debut EP, Sleepy Little Deathtoll Town.  The band's next single, "Then you Appear" was released in March 2005 and again playlisted on national & interstate radio.  March also saw the band performing at The Knitting Factory in Los Angeles, SXSW Festival, Rothkos and The Mercury Lounge in New York City and The Marquee Club in London.  The band then returned to Australia and toured with Evermore in April, June and July.  September and October saw the band perform shows at Manchester's in the city, Liverpool, Leeds, Wrexham (touring with Proud Mary) and three gigs in London (one with The Spinto Band), they also record a live recording at XFM Radio in London for broadcast on John Kennedy's nightly new music program.  The Panda Band were then invited to perform at Canadian Music Week 2006 and The Great Escape Festival 2006 in Brighton, UK.  The next single, "Alana" (October 2005) was playlisted on national and interstate radio.  The band received three song awards including mixed category, pop category and Song of the Year at the WA Music Industry Association's Songwriting Awards in October 2005.  The band then undertook a headline tour to Sydney and Melbourne including the Bathurst Village Fair and were again invited to perform at SXSW in 2006.

Paragraph 4: In a highly positive review, The Guardian'''s Jon Dennis gave the album five stars out of five. Praising the contributions of Promise of the Real, Dennis wrote: [The band] sound not unlike Crazy Horse, and supply all the big riffs, crashing major chords and harmonies that have characterised Young’s best records for five decades." Zach Schonfeld of The A.V. Club gave the album a "C" rating, opining that the concept of the album and its execution were "underproduced, underwritten, and not likely to take up more than a few months (if not weeks or days) of Young's promotional energies before he moves to the next thing" but with some highlights among the harder rock songs. Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic.com gave the album 3.5 stars out of 5 claiming that: "Young uses his sturdy footing to lash out at what he perceives as destructive forces -- to our dinner tables and social fabric -- and if the individual message may wind up fading like yesterday's newspapers, the music will keep The Monsanto Years burning bright". An Associated Press review of the album argued that Young's criticisms of corporate greed descend into preachiness, saying Young's anger is "so real that it could be tasted, but there is something discomfiting about Young positioning himself as an all-knowing seer, putting people down for wanting simpler, cheerier songs."Billboard solicited the opinions of corporations criticized on the album, including Monsanto, whose representative said: "Many of us at Monsanto have been and are fans of Neil Young. Unfortunately, for some of us, his current album may fail to reflect our strong beliefs in what we do every day to help make agriculture more sustainable. We recognize there is a lot of misinformation about who we are and what we do—and unfortunately several of those myths seem to be captured in these lyrics." Notably all the corporations mentioned in album lyrics except for Chevron provided their responses for the request to comment on the album songs. Reacting to the "Big Box" track Walmart said: "As you might have seen recently, Walmart raised its lowest starting wage to $9 an hour. We’re proud of the opportunity we provide people to build a career and have a chance at a better life." Starbucks commented on "A Rock Star Bucks a Coffee Shop" track: "Starbucks has not taken a position on the issue of GMO [genetically modified organism] labeling. As a company with stores and a product presence in every state, we prefer a national solution."

Paragraph 5: He also batted .304 in the World Series against the St. Louis Cardinals that year. In order to combine Horton's offensive power with a good defense, manager Mayo Smith moved regular center fielder Mickey Stanley to shortstop as a replacement for Ray Oyler, who was benched because of his paltry .135 batting average. He kept Al Kaline, a routine Gold Glove Award winner, in right field and put Jim Northrup in center field; the two had platooned in right field for much of the year. When the Tigers were safely ahead, Oyler would replace Stanley at shortstop, batting in Horton's lineup spot; Stanley returned to center field, and Northrup would move over to replace Horton in left field. In Game 2, Horton had a solo home run to give the Tigers an early 1–0 lead, and they won 8–1. While not considered a great defensive outfielder, he made a pivotal play in the fifth inning of Game 5. With the Cardinals leading the Series 3–1 and the game 3–2, Lou Brock doubled with one out. He tried to score on Julián Javier's single, but chose not to slide; Horton's throw reached catcher Bill Freehan on one bounce to beat Brock on a close play. Horton still lists the throw as the most memorable moment of his career. Detroit scored three runs in the seventh inning to win 5–3, and went on to win Games 6 and 7 as well; Horton had two runs and two RBI in the 13–1 blowout in Game 6, and two hits and a run in the final 4–1 victory.

Paragraph 6: Later, on Cyrus's request, ‘Amr sent ten officers led by Ubadah ibn al-Samit. When Cyrus saw Ubadah, who was black, he exclaimed 'Take away that black man: I can have no discussion with him.' But the Arabs explained that Ubadah was one of their most trusted leaders, that ‘Amr had personally commissioned him, and that they treat black men equally. Ubadah then explained 'There are a thousand blacks, as black as myself, among our companions. I and they would be ready each to meet and fight a hundred enemies together. We live only to fight for God, and to follow His will. We care nought for wealth, so long as we have wherewithal to stay our hunger and to clothe our bodies. This world is nought to us, the world is all.' Moved by his piety, Cyrus turned to his companions and said 'Do you hear this? I much fear that God has sent these men to devastate the world,' and then to Ubadah 'I have listened, good sir, to your account of yourself and your comrades, and I understand why your arms so far have ailed. I know too that the Romans have failed by caring overmuch for earthly things. But now they are preparing to send against you immense numbers of well-armed battalions. Resistance will be hopeless. But for the sake of peace, we will agree to pay sum of money at the rate of two dinârs a head for every man in the Arab army, a hundred dinârs for your commander, and a thousand for your Caliph, on condition that you return to your own country.' Ubadah replied, 'Do not deceive yourselves. We are not afraid of your numbers. Our greatest desire is to meet the Romans in battle. If we conquer them, it is well; if not, then we receive the good things of the world to come. Our prayer is for martyrdom in the cause of Islam, not for safe return to wife and children. Our small numbers cause us no fear; for it is written in the Book, 'Many a time hath a small company overcome a great host, by the will of God." Understand, therefore, that we can accept no terms save one of the three conditions which we are ordered by the Caliph to offer you.'

Paragraph 7: Frazier opened his junior season, and his first year under coach Pat Chambers, on November 5, 2011 in an exhibition game against Slippery Rock. He led the team in scoring with 19 points. Frazier also posted 7 assists and 6 rebounds, helping Penn State win the game 64–47. He took part in the Nittany Lions' first regular season contest on November 12 against Hartford, with 12 points, 6 assists, and 5 steals in spite of being given 28 minutes on the court. When asked on his communication with Frazier, Chambers said, "I'm telling him to make plays ... he has to be one of our leading scorers. He's got to look to score." In the following game, Frazier made his second career display with 20 or more points. He also matched his career-high total on assists, with 10. This was his second double-double with Penn State. Frazier also finished with 6 rebounds, 3 steals, and 1 block. Chambers said in a post-game interview, "I'm very greedy. I'm an old point guard, so I want more out of Tim Frazier, if you can imagine ... what more means is even more leadership, even better habits. We're always trying to create the best habits we can for the most difficult situation.". Frazier helped power the 62–46 victory over Radford, the team's second consecutive win in the regular season. It was also Penn State's first round game in the Hall of Fame Tip Off tournament. In his next game against LIU-Brooklyn, Frazier scored a career-high 26 points and matched his assists record for the second straight game, with 10. It was his second-straight double-double and the third in his stint with Penn State. Chambers commented after the game, "Tim was terrific. He was a great leader tonight. He did everything you ask your point guard to do tonight." He helped the program reach a 3–0 record for the third time in 12 seasons. Following up on a loss to Kentucky, Frazier recorded 27 points on November 20, 2011 against South Florida. The next game, Frazier recorded a career-high 11 assists en route to his 4th double-double in 2011. On January 11, 2012, Frazier scored a career-high 30 points against Nebraska, with his team losing the game, 70–58. He led the Big Ten with eight 20-point games through the course of the year. By the end of the season, Frazier averaged 18.8 points, 6.2 assists, 4.7 rebounds, 2.4 steals, and 0.2 blocks. It was his highest scoring average with Penn State. He was named the John Lawther Team MVP, Second Team NABC All-District, All-Big Ten First Team, Academic All-Big Ten, Basketball Times' All-District, and Big Ten All-Defensive Team.

Paragraph 8: John Adrian Shepherd-Barron was born on 23 June 1925 in Shillong (now Meghalaya), India, to British parents. His Scottish father, Wilfred Shepherd-Barron, was chief engineer of the Chittagong Port Commissioners in North Bengal, which was then part of the British Empire, then later Chief Engineer of the Port of London Authority, before becoming president of the Institution of Civil Engineers, whilst his mother Dorothy, was an Olympic tennis player and Wimbledon ladies doubles champion. He was educated at Stowe School, the University of Edinburgh and Trinity College, Cambridge (from where he dropped out before successfully finishing the first year in Economics). During World War II, he was commissioned into the Airborne Forces, serving with the 159th Parachute Light Regiment.

Paragraph 9: C terminus - Can f 1 - cancer - candidate gene - Canonical sequence - cap - cap site - carboxyl terminus - carcinoma - carrier - CAT assay - CCAAT box - cDNA - cDNA clone - cDNA library - cell - centimorgan - centromere - chain terminator - chaperone protein - chromosome - Chromosomal translocation - chromosome walking - CIS - cistron - clone (genetics) - clone (noun) - clone (verb) - cloning - coding sequence - coding strand - codon - codon usage bias - competent - complementary - conformational epitope - congenital - consensus sequence - conservative substitution - conserved - contig - cosmid - CpG - craniosynostosis - cystic fibrosis - cytogenetic map - cytosine -

Paragraph 10: From the 2005 season until 2020, at the Richmond County Bank Ballpark following Staten Island Yankees games, the Sinatra version was heard regardless of the game's outcome, and was formerly done at Shea Stadium at the end of New York Mets games after the September 11, 2001 attack. Previously, Mets fans felt it was a "Yankee song", and began booing it when it was played. It actually first had snippets of the song played after World Series home runs by Ray Knight and Darryl Strawberry during Game 7 of the 1986 World Series. The song is also sometimes played at New York Knicks games. The Sinatra version is played at the end of every New York Rangers game at Madison Square Garden. It was played at the opening faceoff of Game 7 of the 1994 Stanley Cup Finals at the Garden. The song has also been the post parade song for the Belmont Stakes from 1997 to 2009, and since 2011. Sinatra's version of the song has been played at the end of all four Super Bowls that the New York Giants have won to date, as well as before kickoff of Super Bowl XLVIII, while Minnelli's version was heard after the Giants' Super Bowl XXXV loss.

Paragraph 11: As Public Works Minister, Cushing was a primary advocate of government intervention in the labour disputes plaguing Alberta's coal industry in 1907; Rutherford eventually appointed a commission to examine the problem.  Cushing also presided over the government's entry into the telephone business: in 1906, most telephone lines in Alberta were privately owned, and the largest of these private owners was the Bell Telephone Company.  Bell controlled all telephone service in Calgary, and refused to extend its operations into less densely populated, and therefore less profitable, regions of the province.  In response, Cushing attacked Bell as "the most pernicious and iniquitous monopoly that had ever been foisted upon a people claiming to be free" and sponsored legislation creating Alberta Government Telephones to service areas that Bell would not.  This new company later purchased Bell's lines and financed the venture by issuing debentures, in contrast to the government's usual policy of "pay as you go".  Cushing's zeal for government involvement was such that member of the House of Commons of Canada Peter Talbot in 1908 warned Rutherford that his Public Works Minister was "going crazy" with public ownership and that Rutherford would "someday find a lot of trouble through him".  Thomas argued that it was strange for a successful businessman like Cushing to be so aggressive rhetorically against a successful corporation, but Mount Royal College historian Patricia Roome has suggested that Cushing was soured by his own experience as a Calgarian living under the monopoly, was hostile to what he saw as a symbol of "eastern capitalism," and hoped that bringing telephone service to rural areas would guarantee continued Liberal success.

Paragraph 12: The Tibetan antelope or chiru (Pantholops hodgsonii) (, pronounced ; ) is a medium-sized bovid native to the northeastern Tibetan plateau. Most of the population live within the Chinese border, while some scatter across India and Bhutan in the high altitude plains, hill plateau and montane valley. Fewer than 150,000 mature individuals are left in the wild, but the population is currently thought to be increasing. In 1980s and 1990s, they had become endangered due to massive illegal poaching. They are hunted for their extremely soft, light and warm underfur which is usually obtained after death. This underfur, known as shahtoosh (a Persian word meaning "king of fine wools"), is used to weave luxury shawls. Shahtoosh shawls were traditionally given as wedding gifts in India and it takes the underfur of three to five adult antelopes to make one shawl. Despite strict controls on trade of shahtoosh products and CITES listing, there is still demand for these luxury items. Within India, shawls are worth $1,000–$5,000; internationally the price can reach as high as $20,000. In 1997 the Chinese government established the Hoh Xil National Nature Reserve (also known as Kekexili) solely to protect the Tibetan antelope population.

Paragraph 13: Although the Empire of Japan did not sign the Geneva Conventions, which have provided the standard definition of war crimes since 1864, the crimes committed fall under other aspects of international and Japanese law. For example, many of the alleged crimes committed by Japanese personnel broke Japanese military law, and were not subject to court martial, as required by that law. Japan also violated signed international agreements, including provisions of the Treaty of Versailles such as a ban on the use of chemical weapons, and the Hague Conventions (1899 and 1907), which protect prisoners of war (POWs). The Japanese government also signed the Kellogg–Briand Pact (1929), thereby rendering its actions in 1937-45 liable to charges of crimes against peace, a charge that was introduced at the Tokyo Trials to prosecute "Class A" war criminals. "Class B" war criminals were those found guilty of war crimes per se, and "Class C" war criminals were those guilty of crimes against humanity. The Japanese government also accepted the terms set by the Potsdam Declaration (1945) after the end of the war. The declaration alluded, in Article 10, to two kinds of war crime: one was the violation of international laws, such as the abuse of prisoners of war; the other was obstructing "democratic tendencies among the Japanese people" and civil liberties within Japan.

Paragraph 14: The representation of the monument given by N. Frolovskys is detailed described in his "Review of the Russian Possessions in the Caucasus published in 1836, considering that “the most noteworthy of all the monuments there (meaning the Elisavetpol area) is the Shamkhor Pillar, built among the plains on the left bank of the Shamkhor river, 25 versts from the city, and open to the gaze of almost 30 versts. It is surrounded by the ruins of a fortress and other buildings, which were led round by a square wall that stretched a hundred fathoms from north to south, and sixty fathoms across. The time of the pillars construction is unknown, however, an unaccountable story attributes it to Alexander the Great. The base of the column represents a cubic figure and has seven arshins in diameter and six and a quarter in height; on this basis, another pedestal of the same figure is arranged containing six arshins in width, five arshins in height. A round column rises on it, which has a diameter at the base of five, and at the top up to four arshins, eighteen fathoms in height, with a base of up to twenty-two fathoms. The upper part of it is surrounded by a quadrangular cornice, each side enclose 5 yards; under the cornice there is an inscription, believed to be in the Kufic language. Above this cornice, there is still a round column, six fathoms high, which has already collapsed at the top; its diameter at the base is not more than one fathom. The entire pillar has a height of up to 28 yards. In the middle of the column there is a spiral staircase consisting of 124, large and almost destroyed, steps, which are very difficult to climb. In the upper part, under the cornice, there was also a staircase, judging by the indentations in the wall, into which the steps were probably fortified. The pillar is built of bricks on dry matter mixed with sand and small stones; the work is extremely durable and beautiful; the cement is so strong that it has completely merged with the brick. It is impossible without regret to see that time is already beginning, in many places, to destroy this beautiful monument of antiquity, and even the inclination of the pillar is quite noticeable [“It is doubtful that this column served as an observatory, as Gamba believes (Voyages dans la Russie meridionale etc.), and very likely that it was nothing more than a minaret, from the top of which Muslims were called to prayer“]”

Paragraph 15:  International celebrities DJ Steve Aoki, Cher and Rihanna all asked for prayers and peace in Venezuela. At the 2014 Oscars, Jared Leto said in solidarity with the opposition during his acceptance speech for best supporting actor, "To all the dreamers out there around the world watching this tonight in places like Ukraine and Venezuela, I want to say we are here, and as you struggle to make your dreams happen and live the impossible, we are thinking of you tonight." Also, during the 2014 Oscars, Kevin Spacey said, "Venezuela don't give up, everybody has the right to express themselves!" with Forest Whitaker also saying he was "deeply saddened by the violence in Venezuela" and that, "Everybody has the right to have their voice heard." Madonna took sides with the opposition saying, "Apparently Maduro is not familiar with the phrase "Human Rights"! Fascism is alive and thriving in Venezuela and Russia." Singers Enrique Iglesias, Willie Colón, and Rubén Blades also supported the opposition, with Blades criticizing President Maduro for not being able to "direct such a complex country". Maduro responded to Blades's criticism by inviting him to the country to perform a peace song along with Maduro which Blades turned down. Colón retweeted photos of the protests while saying to the president "Nicolás the blood of the students will choke you!" Twelve Venezuelan baseball players for the Detroit Tigers including Miguel Cabrera, Victor Martinez and Aníbal Sánchez showed their support for the opposition holding signs saying "SOS Venezuela" or "Pray for Venezuela". The Venezuelan protests became the highlight of the 2014 Lo Nuestro Awards where artists including Marc Anthony, Marco Antonio Solís, Banda el Recodo, and Chino & Nacho expressed prayer and a call for the violence to end. Miss Universe 2013, Maria Gabriela Isler, attended the Carolina Herrera Fashion Show and said, "To all Venezuelans have in my heart all day, and although we are going through very difficult times, I want you to know that I do not believe in coincidences and God gave me the opportunity for Venezuela, this year – around the world and to represent and raise my voice for each of my brothers. We are a fighting people, but above all, we are a people of faith, so God willing things will be better ... We must have faith". Maria also criticized the Venezuelan government, especially after she had to deal with shortages, no electricity and her lack of safe drinking water. Singers Ricardo Montaner, Juanes, and Luis Fonsi have also expressed their solidarity to Venezuela holding signs saying "Pray for Venezuela".

Paragraph 16: Downtown Commons was originally built in 1971 as Downtown Plaza by The Hahn Company as a mixed enclosed and open-air plaza adjoining a pre-existing Macy's store built in 1963. It was unique in a way that allowed uninterrupted pedestrian traffic from one end of the plaza to the other, while vehicle traffic on 5th Street ran underneath the plaza, a feature that still exists to this day. Weinstock's relocated their downtown store in 1979 to the center, and in 1981 added a Liberty House store. Liberty House closed in 1984 and was replaced by I. Magnin, which closed in 1992. The center was completely renovated in 1993, adding a second story, a food court, various upscale shops, and a United Artists Theatres with seven screens (Century Theatres took over ownership of the theater in 2000). An entertainment complex named America Live! also opened in the spot formerly occupied by I. Magnin, housing various nightclubs and bars. Downtown Plaza became the Sacramento area’s second two-level shopping mall (after Arden Fair) to open, but was the area’s first and only outdoor two-level shopping mall. After Federated Department Stores (parent company of Macy's at the time) acquired Broadway Stores (parent company of Weinstock's) in 1995, the former Weinstock's store became a second Macy's location in 1996, housing Macy's Men's & Furniture. In 1997, Hard Rock Cafe opened their first Sacramento restaurant at the east end of the mall where America Live! operated, which closed a year prior. The restaurant operated for 13 years before closing in 2010 (a second incarnation of the Hard Rock Cafe Sacramento opened in 2019 as part of the grand opening of the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Sacramento at Fire Mountain near Wheatland, California in Yuba County). The upper level portion of the old America Live! was occupied by Copeland's Sports until the small sporting goods chain went out of business. 

Paragraph 17: Following Hezbollah and FPM's boycott of the four previous sessions to choose a president, the FPM said that it would not attend the fifth session at the end of May unless an agreement over a consensus candidate is made. The round was then aborted. The sixth attempt, on 9 June, also failed for a lack of a quorum after FPM and Hezbollah maintained their boycott. The session was attended by a new low of 64 MPs, notably PSP leader Walid Jumblatt missed this session, which was his first during the process. The Daily Star suggested that, instead, the main interest on the day was a salary increase for MPs. The eighth round similarly failed to achieve a quorum, and a ninth round was scheduled for 23 July. Similarly, the ninth round failed to attain a quorum while Lebanese Forces MP Strida Geagea said she held rival Christian MPs responsible for the failure to elect a president Berri's spokesman, Mohammad Ballout, read out a statement saying that the election was canceled "over lack of quorum." Berri set 2 September as the date for the next vote. Thirty minutes after the session began there were only 57 MPs present while Berri and Salaam were absent. Hezbollah MP Ali Fayyad reiterated that "the political stance on the presidential election has not changed. What is required is an agreement among the political parties on a conciliatory candidate for the presidency." Once again, the 11th round failed or a lack of quorum with only 50 of 86 necessary MPs present. Berri postponed the election to 9 October over a lack of quorum. The 13th round failed as well for lack of quorum, after only about 58 of the minimum 86 MPs were present. Berri set the 14th round for 29 October. The 15th round also failed for lack of quorum with Berri setting 10 December for the next round. The 27th round failed on 12 August 2015, with the next round set for 2 September. The 34th round failed on 16 December 2015, with the next round set for 7 January. The 35th round failed on 7 January 2016, with the next round set for 8 February. The 36th round failed on 8 February 2016, with the next round set for 2 March. The 37th round failed on 2 March 2016, with the next round set for 23 March. The 38th round failed on 23 March 2016, with the next round set for 18 April. The 39th round failed on 18 April 2016, with the next round set for 10 May. The 44th round failed on 7 September 2016, with the next round set for 28 September.

Paragraph 18: According to Puranas, it was the onset of Kali Yuga (the dark age). Vishnu was worried about the next incarnation his weapon to take because, Kali Yuga has started and he didn't know how his relations will spend their life on Earth since they had to spend a normal Human life. It was the onset of Kali Yuga, and Vishnu was worried about this and when enquired he told the terrible attitudes of people during the Kali Yuga and how can his dear ones can spend their life on Earth in such a dark age, when Sudarshana intervened and volunteered to be born on Earth when Vishnu objected again exclaiming the attributes of Kali Yuga. Sudarshana still obliged leaving Vishnu tearful. He had a weird birth story. This was when Bhargava maharishi was in a long tapa (penance) to please Vishnu, as usual to spoil his penance Indra sent an apsara for which he succeeded. After enjoying worldly pleasures the apsara left to heaven leaving back the baby born to them. Due to his attachment to continue the penance, he cannot take care of the child and left it on the ground. Many days passed and the baby was crying a lot and nobody turned around to look after him. He was covered with blood and worms and mosquitoes are continuously biting him. Worried, Vishnu and Lakshmi descended to Earth and touched the baby and disappeared. The baby was transformed into a handsome young boy. The boy being Sudharshana Chakra himself was devoid of any illness though was hungry for many many days. All were wondering how could this be possible when a childless couple adopted him. Even then he did not accept single grain of rice from the couple. One day, an old man and woman paid visit to this boy. The boy was happy to see them when they asked to go for a short walk along the temple premises. The boy obliged and the old man and woman seemed worried and when enquired, they answered that the sadness cannot be prevented in that age. Still he enquired to which the old couple answered they are yearning for parental affection, to which this boy seemed too casual and wrote two pasurams in praise of Vishnu and miraculously the old couple was transformed into young and good looking couple. They thanked the boy a lot and this boy was too happy because in the Kali Yuga period people are also being thankful to which he wrote another pasuram in praise of Lord Vishnu. The boy asked the couple to read the pasuram, and the couple was blessed with a baby boy whom they named as Kanikannan. Kanikannan grew up to be a disciple of the boy. One time, after the demise of the couple, knowing about the glory of the boy and his disciple Kanikannan, the jealous chola king who was a strong shaivaite ordered him to sacrifice Vaishnavism and practice Shaivism to which they declined, and accordingly they were subjected to death. Somehow both escaped the place to Srirangam. Another news reached their ears that they (the boy and Kanikannan) must be killed or must be exiled, if found anywhere. Worried, they visited all Vishnu temples in Tamilnadu, and when they paid the tributes to Ranganatha Perumal in Srirangam, one amazing and miracle happened. The statue of Ranganatha woke up and stopped these two, and they declined stating it is a duty for the citizens to obey the order of their ruler. Next, they both visited Kumbakonam Sarangapani temple, and the statue again rose, and this time both obliged and merged with the lord. To be a proof of future generations that the idol actually rose up, Vishnu's head in Sarangapani temple is raised a bit. The boy was called Thirumalisai Alvar thereafter.

Paragraph 19: At the time of the Domesday survey, the site of the current village was heavily wooded, but with five charcoal-hungry iron smelting furnaces operating at the manor by 1274 A.D, the valley floor was cleared quickly of trees enabling drainage, cultivation and settlement of the land. Fulling mills, hostelries and other traders set up bases around this river crossing and thereby formed the nucleus of today's village centre.  Until the middle of the 19th century Lealholm was the main centre of the parish of Glaisdale and many of the parish offices and functions were administered from here. Lealholm was home to at least one mill for centuries, and the earliest records show a water mill located within the village in 1336 belonging to the Lord of the Manor, William le Latimer, 3rd Baron of Danby. As the mill was fed by the small Cow Beck, water could have been in short supply during dry summer months, and by 1709 it was demolished. A Quaker, Thomas Whatson, built a new mill on the old site, constructing a long mill-race from Crunkly Ghyll through the village to join Cow Beck. The mill-race now forms the boundary of the cricket pitch surrounding it on most sides as it passes the mill. The mill owners had the authority to clean and remove any woodland, earth or rubbish within  of the mill-race. Also, "all persons that shall grind corn and grain at the mill" had the right "to sieve and sift on two parcels of ground called Adam Rigg and Ellergates". Thus, the outcrop of hillside rising towards the station became known as Oatmeal Hill. When the semi-detached houses at 3 and 4 Railway Cottages were purchased 1970, they were combined and the building became known as "Oatmill Cottage". The village also had a paper mill, which employed up to 20 people in its heyday. The site is now a garden centre, known as "Poet's Cottage" after John Castillo, who lived in a cottage on the site, now demolished. In more recent times, a mill, owned by the Nelson family, was used as the village hall, and became known as Nelson Hall. In the late 1980s it was sold and converted into a house.  The historic Shepherds Hall was built in 1873 and was a meeting place for the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds Friendly Society. It is a unique building housing a tea rooms and riverside tea gardens.

Paragraph 20: The species is currently threatened by the hemlock woolly adelgid (Adelges tsugae), a sap-sucking bug  introduced from East Asia to the United States in 1924, and first found in the native range of eastern hemlock in the late 1960s. The adelgid has spread very rapidly in southern parts of the range once becoming established, while its expansion northward is much slower. Virtually all the hemlocks in the southern Appalachian Mountains have seen infestations of the insect within the last five to seven years, with thousands of hectares of stands dying within the last two to three years. Attempts to save representative examples on both public and private lands are on-going. A project named "Tsuga Search", funded by the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, is being conducted to save the largest and tallest remaining eastern hemlocks in the Park. Through Tsuga Search, hemlocks have been found with trunk volumes up to 44.8 m³ within the park, making it the largest eastern evergreen conifer, eclipsing in volume both eastern white pine (Pinus strobus) and loblolly pine (Pinus taeda). The tree is currently listed as a near threatened species in the IUCN Red List, but this is based largely on its wide distribution and because the adelgid populations have not reached the northern areas of its range.

Paragraph 21: In his second season with Villarreal, Rossi had scored 12 goals in 30 league appearances, along with three goals in eight Champions League appearances. In January 2011, he signed a contract extension with Villarreal until 2016. The 2010–11 season proved to be his breakthrough season, as he scored 32 goals in 56 appearances in all competitions, helping the club to a fourth-place finish in La Liga, scoring 18 goals, which qualified them for the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League, also helping Villarreal to the semi-finals of the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League that season, scoring 11 goals, and the quarter-finals of the Copa del Rey. An anterior cruciate ligament injury on Rossi's right knee that he picked up in the 3–0 loss against Real Madrid on 26 October 2011 caused Rossi to be out for six months. Rossi re injured his anterior cruciate ligament of right knee in training on 13 April 2012, and was out for a further 10 months. At the end of his 6 year stay with Villarreal, he had scored 82 goals in 192 games in all competitions and became the club's all time top scorer. After 10 years of scoring his final goal for Villarreal in October 2011 in a match against Real Zaragoza, his record was surpassed by Gerard Moreno on 11 August 2021, after he scored a goal in the 2021 UEFA Super Cup match against Chelsea.

Paragraph 22: He went on to form a stable known as The Dynasty, consisting of himself, Scorpio Sky, Scott Lost, and Chris Bosh. The four screwed the then PWG World Tag Team Champs Super Dragon and Davey Richards, ending their dominant reign as tag champs. Ryan would proceed to give Super Dragon a Moustache Ride through two tables, putting him on the shelf. After holding the PWG World Championship for a little over a year, winning usually due to cheating and interference, Ryan lost the title to Human Tornado in a Guerrilla Warfare match on January 13, 2007, at Based on a True Story. On January 27, 2008, Ryan and Scott Lost were awarded the PWG World Tag Team Championship after the titles were stripped off Super Dragon and Davey Richards. They eventually lost the belts to El Generico and Kevin Steen on March 21 at 1.21 Gigawatts. During the summer of 2009, Ryan attempted to stop Chris Hero's reign as the PWG World Champion in order to retain his record as the longest reigning PWG World Champion in history, but after he failed to regain the title in two separate title matches, Hero broke Ryan's record on August 17, 2009. Shortly afterwards Ryan turned face and on September 5, entered the 2010 Battle of Los Angeles, defeating Chuck Taylor in his first round match. The following night Ryan defeated Austin Aries and Claudio Castagnoli to advance to the finals, where he defeated Chris Hero to win the 2010 Battle of Los Angeles. After his win, Ryan dubbed himself "The Hollywood Submission Machine" and adopted a new submission finishing maneuver, the End Scene. When Davey Richards was after the tournament stripped of the PWG World Championship, Ryan and the three other Battle of Los Angeles semi-finalists, Brandon Gatson, Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli, were placed in a four-way match to determine a new champion. On October 9, 2010, at The Curse of Guerrilla Island, Ryan failed in his attempt to regain the PWG World Championship, when he was defeated by Claudio Castagnoli. Ryan received a one–on–one shot at the PWG World Championship on April 9, 2011, but was again defeated by Castagnoli. Afterwards, Ryan began regularly teaming with the returning Scorpio Sky and on August 20, the two defeated the RockNES Monsters (Johnny Goodtime and Johnny Yuma) to become the number one contenders to the PWG World Tag Team Championship. On September 10, Ryan and Sky failed to capture the PWG World Tag Team Championship from The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson). After signing a contract with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), Ryan wrestled his PWG farewell match on December 1, 2012, where he was defeated by Scorpio Sky.

Paragraph 23: To illustrate that a wheelset trajectory follows a curved path, one may place a nail or screw on a flat table top and give it a push. It will roll in a circular curve because the nail or screw is like a wheelset with extremely different diameter wheels. The head is analogous to a large diameter wheel and the pointed end is like a small diameter wheel. While the nail or screw will turn around in a full circle (and more) the railroad wheelset behaves differently because as soon at it starts to turn in a curve, the effective diameters change in such a way as to decrease the curvature of the path. Note that "radius" and "curvature" refer to the curvature of the trajectory of the wheelset and not the curvature of the railway since this is perfectly straight track. As the wheelset rolls on, the curvature decreases until the wheels reach the point where their effective diameters are equal and the path is no longer curving. But the trajectory has a slope at this point (it is a straight line which crosses diagonally over the centerline of the track) so that it overshoots the centerline of the track and the effective diameters reverse (the formerly smaller diameter wheel becomes the larger diameter and conversely). This results in the wheelset moving in a curve in the opposite direction. Again it overshoots the centerline and this phenomenon continues indefinitely with the wheelset oscillating from side to side.  Note that the wheel flange never makes contact with the rail. In this model, the rails are assumed to always contact the wheel tread along the same line on the rail head which assumes that the rails are knife-edge and only make contact with the wheel tread along a line (of zero width).

Paragraph 24: One of Gabre-Medhin's passionate interests throughout this time was in the struggle to regain Ethiopia's looted treasures. A close friend of Chief Olusegun Olusola, the Nigerian Ambassador in Addis Ababa, who was a fellow poet, Gabre-Medhin was present when the ambassador agreed to throw his diplomatic pressure behind the national demand for the return of the Aksum obelisk, which had been taken on Mussolini's personal orders in 1937. The chief's support marked a turning point in the Aksum Obelisk Return movement. Gabre-Medhin was no less insistent that Britain should return the manuscripts, crosses, tents and other loot taken from Emperor Tewodros' mountain citadel. Much of this loot is currently in the British Museum, the British Library, and the Royal Library in Windsor Castle.

Paragraph 25: In the past, the lake was at least  higher and larger than today, during the last glacial maximum it merged with neighbouring Laguna Blanca. Former highstands have left 30 major and 12 minor shorelines. The lake extended far east of its present-day shore. A maximum water level was reached 13,240 years before present. The two lakes today are only connected by a single channel and their properties are quite different. The lake is seldom ice-covered, water temperatures range between . Air temperatures range between , and UV radiation is 40% higher than at sea level. Environmental conditions have been compared to those on the planet Mars, and Laguna Verde has been cited as an example of how a lake on Mars would have evolved.

Paragraph 26: Although the city of Kent incorporated in 1867 and the village of Brady Lake would follow in 1927, until 1993, the U.S. Census Bureau counted most of the population of Kent and all of Brady Lake as the "incorporated portions" of Franklin Township.  As such, the township has produced and been home to a number of notable individuals in varying fields, most of whom are more associated with Kent or Brady Lake.  John Davey, a pioneer in tree surgery and founder of the Davey Tree Expert Company moved to Kent/Franklin Township in the 1880s.  His son, Martin L. Davey, would later serve as Governor of Ohio and a U.S. Representative.  Other political figures to come from Kent/Franklin Township include Wisconsin governor Lucius Fairchild, former U.S. Representative Robert E. Cook, and noted abolitionist John Brown, who lived in the township from 1835 to 1839. Noted athletes to have come from Kent/Franklin Township include former National Football League players Mike Adamle, Tom DeLeone, and Stan White and former Major League Baseball player, manager, and executive Gene Michael. Professional golfer Ben Curtis, a Kent State University alumnus, has been a resident of the township since 2011. Two members of the band Devo, which debuted in Kent in 1973 and was founded by Kent State University students, are natives of Kent/Franklin Township: Peter Gregg and Rod Reisman. Other performing artists to come from Kent/Franklin Township include singer Julianne Baird, playwright Vincent J. Cardinal, and voice actor Joshua Seth. Lucien Price, an author and writer for The Boston Evening Transcript and The Atlantic Monthly grew up in the area and used the pseudonym "Woolwick" for Kent in some of his stories. Kent/Franklin Township was also the home of inventor Lucien B. Smith, regarded as the inventor of barbed wire. Additionally, many notable people have lived in Kent/Franklin Township while attending Kent State University, among them comedians Drew Carey and Arsenio Hall, actor Michael Keaton, musician Joe Walsh, and additional members of the band Devo. Notable athletes include football player Jack Lambert; Major League Baseball players Thurman Munson and Rich Rollins; and college football coaches Nick Saban and Lou Holtz.

Paragraph 27: US 50 passes through West Virginia, Virginia, and Washington, D.C. before it crosses back into Maryland at the eastern border of Washington, D.C. From here, the route continues west into Washington, D.C. as New York Avenue. From the Washington, D.C. border, US 50 heads into Prince George's County as the John Hanson Highway, a six-lane freeway. The road soon intersects the southern terminus of the Baltimore-Washington Parkway (unsigned MD 295) and MD 201 (which heads south to the Washington, D.C. border and becomes District of Columbia Route 295) at a hybrid interchange with a full cloverleaf and partial-Y elements. Following this, the US 50 freeway narrows to four lanes and heads east, running between MD 459 and an industrial area to the north and Amtrak's Northeast Corridor railroad line to the south and passing under the Alexandria Extension of CSX's Capital Subdivision railroad line. The road enters Cheverly and comes to an interchange with the southern terminus of MD 459 and Columbia Park Road that provides access to the Cheverly station along Washington Metro's Orange Line to the south; this interchange does not have a westbound exit. Past this interchange, the route curves northeast and runs between residential neighborhoods to the northwest and the Northeast Corridor and Orange Line tracks to the southeast. The freeway leaves Cheverly and comes to the MD 202 exit, which is a combination of partial cloverleaf and trumpet interchanges. US 50 continues through suburban areas alongside the railroad tracks, passing near the Landover station along the Orange Line that can be accessed from MD 202. The road heads through a section of Landover Hills and widens to six lanes, reaching a diamond interchange with MD 410. Past this interchange, the freeway turns east and passes over Amtrak's Northeast Corridor and Washington Metro's Orange Line. The route comes to an interchange with Garden City Drive (MD 950) and Ardwick Ardmore Road (US 50PA) that provides access to the New Carrollton station serving Amtrak trains, MARC's Penn Line, and the terminus of Washington Metro's Orange Line to the north of the road; this interchange does not have an eastbound exit. Following this interchange, US 50 passes office parks and industrial development in New Carrollton. The highway reaches a hybrid turbine interchange with I-95/I-495, the Capital Beltway.

Paragraph 28: Before the start, several Swedish experts believed that Kalmar FF would be one of the teams fighting for the championship title 2008, the club started the season stable and as the season went on the club performance became stronger and saw the club win many big victories, only other team able to keep up was IF Elfsborg. The club had to wait until the last match of the season against Halmstads BK in Halmstad before they could become champions. Before the final match Elfsborg was behind with 3 points and 9 goals. The match against Halmstads BK ended 2–2 placing the club 1 point ahead of Elfsborg. Patrik Ingelsten also became the league's top goalscorer of the season with 19 goals scored. The team reached the final in Svenska Cupen yet again and also this year against IFK Göteborg, however this year IFK won 5–4 on penalties after full-time and extra time had ended 0–0. The club also had the chance to reach the group stage of the UEFA Cup. After strong play against Racing FC from Luxembourg and Gent from Belgium, the club faced Dutch team Feyenoord, after winning 1–0 away in Rotterdam the club lost home with 1–2, in Borås at Borås Arena since Fredriksskans failed to reach UEFA demands, sending the club out of the competition on away goals.

Paragraph 29: description  of the tree.The poet says that the creeper has wound itself around the rugged trunk of the Casuarina Tree, like a huge Python. The creeper has left deep marks on the trunk of the tree. The tree is so strong that it bears the tight hold of the creeper. The tree is described as being gallant, and possibly brave, as very few trees could survive in the strangle-hold of this creeper. The poet then goes on to describe the life that thrives amidst every facet of the tree. The tree is metaphorically said as a giant due to its huge size, strength and boldness. The Casuarina Tree is covered with creeper which bears red crimson flowers which appear as though the tree is wearing a colorful scarf. Often at night, the garden echoes and it seems to be jubilant and the song (of a nightingale) has no end; it continues till dawn. At dawn when the poet opens her window she is delighted to see the Casuarina Tree. Mostly in winters a gray baboon is seen sitting on the crest of the tree seeing the sunrise with her younger ones leaping and playing in the tree's boughs. The shadow of the tree appears to fall on the huge water tank. Toru Dutt says that it is not because of the majestic appearance of the Casuarina Tree that it is dear to her heart and soul, but also that she along with her siblings spent happy moments under it. Toru Dutt has brought out the theme of nature as something that shares feelings with humans, that lightens the burden on the heart. The poet continues with a description of how strong the image of the tree is, even when in lands far away. Even in France and Italy (where the poet studied), she can hear the tree's lament. The poet wishes to consecrate the tree's memory and importance for the sake of those who are now dead - and looks ahead to her own death, hoping that the tree be spared obscurity (or that no-one will remember it). She immortalizes the tree through this poem like how Wordsworth sanctified the Yew trees of Borrowdale. She says "May Love defend thee from Oblivion's curse'"- expressing her wish that love shield her tree against the curse of forgetfulness(Oblivion), that the tree be remembered out of love and not because it cannot be forgotten( Oblivion's curse, the inability to be forgotten).

Paragraph 30: Leonora O’Reilly became involved in support of the Irish Revolution, an uprising against British rule of Ireland founded in opposition to imperialistic policies. During the years between 1916 and 1923, Irish nationalists sought help from Irish labor movement leaders in the US, as a response to the US support of the British in World War I. Labor leaders in Ireland encouraged Irish immigrants in the US to boycott British goods, pass trade-union resolutions in favor of the Irish Revolution and for US diplomatic recognition of the Irish Republic.  Irish nationalists reasoned that Irish American labor leaders should support the movement as they were fighting for justice and the equality of all workers.  Moreover, it was argued that British imperialism damaged American workers, notably related to the elite Anglo-Protestant groups in the US siding with the British and discriminating against Irish American workers. O’Reilly responded positively to Irish nationalists later in her career and became a key figure in international networks that supported the Irish Rebellion.  O’Reilly was involved in an array of organizations associated with the Irish Rebellion, including Cumann na mBan (Irish Women’s Council), the Friends of Irish Freedom, the Irish Progressive League, the Labor Bureau of the American Commission of Irish Independence, the American Women Pickets for the Enforcement of American War Aims, and the Irish Women’s Purchasing League. 