Paragraph 1: Following Sandhurst, Stevenson-Hamilton was commissioned into the British Army as a second lieutenant in the 6th (Inniskilling) Dragoons on 14 March 1888, and saw active service with the Inniskillings in Natal later the same year. He was promoted to lieutenant on 20 February 1890, and to captain on 1 June 1898, the same year as he joined the Cape-to-Cairo expedition under the leadership of Major Alfred St. Hill Gibbons. After they had "Tried to steam up the Zambesi in flat bottomed launches and fought their way well beyond the Kariba Gorge", they had to abandon their boats and explore Barotseland on foot. Stevenson-Hamilton then "trekked across Northern Rhodesia to the Kafue." After the expedition, he returned to active service, and fought in the Second Boer War (1899-1901), receiving both the Queen's South Africa Medal and the King's South Africa Medal for his service. He also received the brevet rank of major on 29 November 1900 for his service in the war, and after the end of hostilities was promoted to the substantive rank of major on 12 November 1902.

Paragraph 2: Philip J. Baur and Herbert T. Morris founded the company, in the Germantown neighborhood along Sedgley Avenue, with an initial investment of $50,000. First, Baur and Morris had opened a bakery in the Pittsburgh area, selling it to the Ward Baking Company in 1913.  When Baur and Morris sold to Ward, the terms of the sale prohibited them from opening another bakery within 100 miles of Pittsburgh, so the partners looked instead to Philadelphia. In November 1913 they settled on the Sedgley Avenue location. Morris's wife came up with the Tastykake name. A Boston student created the Tastykake girl and logo. Then, the company adopted the slogan, "The Cake That Made Mother Stop Baking."

Paragraph 3: In February, tensions continue to rise between Johnny and Andy when the pair have another meeting with Jake. Claiming that he is retiring from his criminal life, Johnny authorizes Andy and Jake to work together on a package deal for him; Jake will oversee Andy be given a case containing £750,000 worth in cash, which Andy will then deliver to Johnny to mark the opening of his nightclub Scarlet. However, Jake later requests that Johnny be pulled out of the deal, after being attacked in a fight; Johnny agrees, and tells Andy that he will have to do the job on his own. Andy takes the news badly, up to the point where he publicly insults his estranged wife Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) and employee Pat Evans (Pam St Clement) — whom Johnny was once acquainted with, years ago — in The Queen Victoria public house. This prompts Den Watts (Leslie Grantham), the pub's landlord and Johnny's old friend, to throw out Andy and his bodyguard Eddie (Daren Elliott Holmes) — with Johnny's help. Outraged over his humiliation, Andy vows to get revenge on Johnny, and hatches a plan to take his £750,000 in their upcoming transaction and flee Walford with the money. Andy tricks Danny into aiding him with his plan, under the guise that Danny can prove himself to Johnny after Andy tricks him into believing that Johnny favors Jake, and that his brother values him to be weak. On the opening night of Scarlet, Andy succeeds with his plan and betrays Danny by ditching him on the street. Just as Andy is about to flee Walford, Eddie stops the car and claims he needs to go to the bathroom. In reality, Eddie betrays Andy by informing Johnny of his plan. In response, Johnny has Jake intercept Andy and has him come out of the car for 'a conversation'. Realizing too late that Eddie betrayed him, Andy obliges and talks with Johnny as they walk on a motorway bridge. The conversation seemingly ends with the pair going separate ways, as Johnny offers Andy a handshake, before giving him 'one final tip'. In that moment, Johnny — after telling Andy 'Enjoy your flight!' — suddenly throws Andy off the motorway bridge, killing him on impact. As the police arrive on the scene, Johnny orders Eddie to leave before he and Jake return to the square. The next morning, Andy's death becomes public knowledge — though the police depict his demise to be suicide. While the Moon brothers are unnerved with Andy's death, Johnny remains calm and later attends Andy's funeral with Pat, even though she had earlier accused Johnny of murdering Andy.

Paragraph 4: While in the USWA Thompson became friends with a wrestler known as "The Awesome Kong" and the two decided to form a tag team. Being similar in stature to Awesome Kong Thompson began to wrestle wearing a black wrestling mask as well as growing his beard out as he wrestled as "King Kong", collectively King Kong and Awesome Kong were known as "The Colossal Kongs". In mid-1993 the Kongs worked for Big D Pro Wrestling (BDPW) as well as the Dallas, Texas-based Global Wrestling Federation (GWF). During their tenure in the GWF they were involved in a storyline against the then reigning GWF Tag Team Champion The Ebony Experience (Booker T and Stevie Ray), but never won the championship. In the same year, the team signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In WCW they were managed by Harley Race, the duo competed in WCW's tag team division. Their first real match on a national level took place as Clash of the Champions XXIV where the team lost to Sting and Ric Flair. Later on both of the Colossal Kong's competed in the 1993 Battlebowl tournament part of the WCW Pay Per View (PPV) of the same name. In the tournament King Kong teamed up with Dustin Rhodes to defeat Awesome Kong and The Equalizer, with the storyline being that the teams were "randomly drawn" to face off. Winning the match meant that King Kong was one of 20 wrestlers competing in a battle royal at the end of the night, won by Big Van Vader. King Kong would also work WCW's 1993 Starrcade show, losing to The Shockmaster in a singles match. The PPV loss was one of Thompson's last matches for WCW, after which he returned to the independent circuit in Texas. At this point he had tweaked his ring name outside of WCW to "Krusher Kong" instead of the more generic "King Kong". In Texas he held the NWA Brass Knuckles Championship for 73 days, until he lost it to Eclipse on August 14, 1998. He would later hold the Pro Wrestling Championship (PCW) title in 2001 as well as the Texas Championship Wrestling (later renamed Xtreme Championship Wrestling) singles title and the tag team titles twice in 2003. Kong wrestled his last match in 2010.

Paragraph 5: As it is an adaptation, several differences occurred mainly motivated by the available budget and also for cultural reasons. In the first phase, the number of characters in several centers was reduced and several story lines were cut. The number of girls at the young cast was reduced from 10 to 8 and the early entry of the male cast into the orphanage, which in Argentina took place in the middle of the second season. In 1998, the visual identity of the two versions was standardized and unified. While in Argentina the telenovela was in its fourth season, in Brazil the telenovela was passing through the transition between the first and second seasons. The length of the seasons was also different. The first season was aired in Brazil in 1997, the second was broken between 1997 and 1998 and the third and fourth were shortened, being merged and aired between the second half of 1998 and all year of 1999. In the Brazilian adaptation, several plots were cut or reallocated to other characters. Or new and exclusive plots were chosen that would serve as basis to the last two Argentine seasons. But the biggest difference was about the start of the fifth season, which aired in 1999 in Argentina and in 2000 in Brazil. As at the end of 1998, Romina Yan decided not to renew her contract with Telefé to dedicate herself to other more adult projects, the original version had to undergo a reboot and end the first cycle at the end of that season. And so, the so-called first cycle ended. However, this did not happen in Brazil, as Flávia Monteiro renewed her contract for another two years at the end of 1998.Due this, the producers of the plot decided that the Bélen/Carol  would not end there and Raio de Luz could move for the third time and some and some characters would continue in the fifth season and the base of the structure of the history would be maintained. However, fully adapted and changed at the majority of the plots and for their maintenance, with Carolina and the young cast moving to a farm. Plus, the fifth season was the last one in Brazil, as the partnership between SBT and Telefé was not renewed, since the cost of the telenovela was practically all paid in US dollars, due the outsourcing of story production. Another thing was the fact that Argentinian economy already showed signs that it would collapse in a short time. Meanwhile, to SBT save money chose to produce Brazilian versions of know Televisa productions, as the Mexican network made high investments on these adaptations to compete with Globo's primetime and also because the texts had already been adapted for some years and archived due the successive financial crises of the channel. But the main factor for the non-renewal of the contract is that the soap opera that was a profitable product for the channel began to lose audience and revenue during the previous season when most of the original characters had ended their plots. The idea of taking the production to Brazil was taken into account, because the story needed to be finished. January 2001. Thus, the sixth and seventh seasons were not adapted in Brazil. The original sixth season was aired in SBT in 2007, seven years after the series had ended and three years since the reruns (which aired for only a few months because of legal problems) and again attracted huge ratings.

Paragraph 6: For the first time in franchise history, the Seahawks started a season as the defending Super Bowl champions.  As such, they earned the right to host the NFL Kickoff Game, where they defeated the Green Bay Packers 36–16.  Then in Week 2, they traveled to San Diego, where the Chargers defeated them by a score of 30–21.  This was Seattle's worst defeat since a 23–13 loss to the Dallas Cowboys in Week 9 of the 2011 season.  Then in Week 3, they returned home to face the Denver Broncos in a rematch of Super Bowl XLVIII.  Seattle took a 17–3 lead going into halftime, but the Broncos rallied in the fourth quarter to tie the game at 20-20.  The game went into overtime, where Seattle scored a touchdown to win 26–20.  After a bye in Week 4, they defeated the Redskins at Washington 27–17 on Monday Night Football.  The following week, they suffered a 30–23 loss at home to the Dallas Cowboys, only their second home loss (including playoffs) since Russell Wilson became quarterback.  After that, they traveled to St. Louis to face their divisional rival, the Rams, where they suffered their third loss of the season, 28–26, bringing their record to 3-3.  However, from this point on Seattle caught fire, winning all but one of their remaining ten regular season games.  First, they defeated the struggling Carolina Panthers on the road, 13–9, then they defeated the (then) winless Oakland Raiders 30–24 at home.  Next, they blew out the New York Giants 38–17 in a second consecutive home game, before losing to the Chiefs in Kansas City, 24–20.  This was their last defeat during the regular season.  They won their next two games by identical scores of 19–3, first against their divisional rival Arizona Cardinals at home and then against San Francisco on the road in a prime-time game on Thanksgiving Day.  After that, they traveled to Philadelphia and defeated the Eagles 24-14 before returning home to face San Francisco in a rematch of their Thanksgiving Day game.  The Seahawks won 17–7 to sweep the 49ers for the first time in seven years and officially eliminate them from playoff contention.  Finally, the Seahawks traveled to Arizona and defeated the Cardinals 35–6 on NBC Sunday Night Football before returning home to defeat the Rams 20–6 in the regular season finale to capture the NFC West title for the second consecutive season and a final regular season record of 12–4, tied with the Packers and Cowboys for best in the NFC.  Due to tiebreakers (Seattle had the best record in inter-conference games out of the three), Seattle clinched the #1 seed in the NFC playoffs for the 2nd consecutive season.  They were the first team in either conference to repeat as their conference's #1 seed since the 2013 Denver Broncos did it and the first NFC team to do it since the 2004 Philadelphia Eagles.  As the Seahawks were the defending Super Bowl champions, this marked the first time that a defending Super Bowl champion won their conference's #1 seed the next season since the 1990 San Francisco 49ers.

Paragraph 7: The Pandya Kingdom of Tamilakam was once attacked by Malik Kafur, the commander-in-chief of Alauddin Khalji of Khalji dynasty. Upon the failure of Pandiya rajas, two branches of this dynasty fled towards west (Kerala) to secure themselves from the attacks. One branch proceeded via the Western Ghats mountainous regions and settled in Poonjar in Kottayam and established the Poonjar kingdom. The other branch (Chembazhannur) wandered through several places ghatsand facing much difficulty finally settled in Pandalam. The fleeing Chembazhannur branch at first settled in Valliyur (near Tirunelveli) and enjoyed a privileged position in the society. Later due to the threats of invasion, the royal family shifted to Tenkasi. Thirumalai Savuri Nayunu Ayyalugaru Naidu, a famed ruler of Madurai wished to see his daughter's marriage with a prince of Chembazhannur family. But upon the rejection of marriage proposal, Nayak became an enemy of Pandiyas. He made huge damages in Tenkasi with his strong Maravappada (army). Knowing that they couldn't continue a peaceful life in Tenkasi, the family moved to a place named  and procured the mountainous regions near Puliyankudi. But Nayak continued to torture the royal family which forced them to proceed towards west (Kerala) via places such as Achankovil, Aryankavu, Kulathupuzha and settled in Konni by c. 79 ME, which was according to the Copper deed issued by the Venad raja. The family constructed a shrine for lord Shiva in Konni (Muringamangalam Sreemahadevar Temple) for their daily worships. This temple is one of the most noted contributions of Chembazhanuur family in Kerala. A number of Mutts, Manas and Koyikkalls were also constructed by the family. The local people fed up with the activities of thieves accepted the family as the ruling class which was named as Chembazhanji kovilakom. Attacks on Travancore by Cholas forced the family to flee Konni and then to settle down in Pandalam which became their permanent capital. A full-fledged kingdom was established by around  ME (1194 CE) by obtaining the land from Kunjunni Varma Thampan (Kaipuzha Thampan) of Amanthur Kovilakam at Kaipuzha and the local ruler and landlord of the region. The Venad ruler also played a great role in the establishment of this kingdom. People enjoyed a peaceful atmosphere and ideal life under the Pandalam rulers. As of the Travancore state manual, Pandalam kingdom kept friendly relations with the rajas of Travancore. Relation between Kaipuzha Thampan and Maharaja of Travancore was extremely cordial. Pandhalam Raja established a good relation with Maharaj of Travancore through Kunjunni Varma Thampan who was the close friend, advisory of Maharaja of Travancore.

Paragraph 8: Families and How to Survive Them may be said to have arisen from two sources – an earlier book, One Flesh, Separate Persons: Principles of Family and Marital Therapy (1976) by Skynner, and work carried out by Skynner at the Institute of Family Therapy in London in the 1970s. Cleese, who attended a lengthy course of group therapy at the institute in the mid seventies, was so impressed by what he experienced that, motivated by a desire to spread what lay behind the therapy to a wider audience, proposed to Skynner that they write a book summarising and outlining the principles involved.

Paragraph 9: After a forcing Alabama to a three-and-out on their opening drive Florida struck first moving 59 yards while never facing a third-down to take a 7-0 lead on a 3-yard touchdown pass from Tim Tebow to Carl Moore. Alabama responded with a touchdown "drive" of their own. On the first play, quarterback John Parker Wilson connecting on a 64-yard bomb to superstar freshman receiver Julio Jones. On the very next play Glenn Coffee burst through for an 18-yard touchdown run. After a Florida three-and-out Alabama took its first lead at 10-7 with a 30-yard field goal by Leigh Tiffin. After another Florida three-and-out Alabama drove to the Florida 32-yard line. The 49-yard field goal attempt was a fake and holder P. J. Fitzgerald could only gain a yard. Taking over at their own 31-yard line, Florida retaliated with a swift drive culminating in a 19-yard field goal by Jonathan Phillips to tie the game, 10-10. Following an Alabama three-and-out Florida retook the lead with a 57-yard drive that Tebow capped off with a 5-yard touchdown pass to David Nelson. Alabama was forced to punt on their next drive and Florida lead at halftime 17-10. Alabama's defense forced a three-and-out and then their offense used the "ground-and-pound" strategy to perfection running 15 plays, gaining 91 yards and taking 6:53 off the clock to tie the game at 17-17 with a 2-yard rushing touchdown by Mark Ingram II Florida seemed poised to take the lead on their drive, but after the drive stalled Phillips missed a 42-yard field goal. Alabama didn't waste their chance as a 27-yard Tiffin field goal gave them a 20-17 lead going into the fourth quarter. Then, Tebow took over. Florida took a page from the Alabama playbook, using a long drive, converting two third downs before Jeffery Demps ran in a touchdown from one yard out, retaking the lead 24-20. Return ace Javier Arenas returned the resulting kickoff 41 yards to the Alabama 41, but on 3rd-and-8 Jermaine Cunningham sacked Wilson for an 11-yard loss. The Gators put the game away on their next drive, storming 67 yards in just 8 plays with Tebow throwing a dart to Riley Cooper to increase the lead to 31-20 with just 2:50 remaining in the game.  An interception by Joe Haden with 1:41 sealed the deal as Florida ran out the rest of the clock. Florida out gaining Alabama 358-323, converting 7 of their 13 third downs to Alabama's 5 of 12, and  zero Florida turnovers were the most deciding factors. Despite going just 14-22 for the game, Tebow was 5-5 for 70 yards and 1 touchdown in the fourth quarter bringing his overall night to 14-22 for 218 yards 3 touchdowns and 0 interceptions. Tebow and Demps carried the Florida running game combining for 110 yards on 30 carries. Louis Murphy was the leading receiver for Florida with 86 yards on just 4 catches. Wilson struggled going just 12-25 for 187 yards  0 touchdowns and 1 interception, but Coffee continued his hot streak by rushing for 112 yards on 21 carries including an 18-yard touchdown run. Jones was spectacular with 124 yards on merely 5 catches.

Paragraph 10: While they are in the woods rehearsing a play for the Duke, the fairy Puck, a mischievous sprite and minion of Oberon, king of the fairies, happens upon their rehearsal. He decides to have some fun with them, carrying out part of Oberon's orders in the process, and when Bottom exits the stage, he transforms his head into a donkey's. When Bottom returns, unaware of his own transformation, his fellow actors run away from him with Quince screaming, "We are haunted!" Bottom believes they are playing a prank on him, proclaiming, "This is to make an ass of me, to fright me if they could." So he stays in the forest by himself and sings loudly to show them he isn't afraid. The Fairy Queen Titania is awakened by Bottom's song. She has been enchanted by a love potion, which will cause her to fall in love with the first living thing that she sees when she wakes (no matter who, or what it is), made from the juice of a rare flower, once hit by Cupid's arrow, that her husband, Oberon, King of the Fairies, spread on her eyes in an act of jealous rage. During his enchantment over her, he utters "Wake when some vile thing is near." The first thing she sees when she wakes is the transformed Bottom, and she immediately falls in love with him. She even commands her fairy minions to serve and wait upon him. Titania kisses Bottom and when he sleeps, they put their arms around each other. Bottom is happy that he is being treated like royalty and Titania loves him so much she puts flowers in his hair. Oberon is amused that Titania has fallen in love with a ridiculous mortal. In some versions, he doesn't let her go of her enchantment as payback and she stays in love with Bottom. They get married and later she is freed and is disgusted by the fact that she was in love with a man with a donkey's head. However, she is forced to stay with him since he is also deeply in love and kisses her every day and sleeps with her. Later, Oberon finally releases Titania from her enchantment. After being confronted with the reality that her romantic interlude with the transformed Bottom was not just a dream, she is disgusted with the very image of him and also seems very suspicious of how "these things came to pass." After Oberon instructs Puck to return Bottom's head to his human state, which Puck reluctantly does, the fairies leave him sleeping in the woods, nearby the four Athenian lovers, Demetrius, Helena, Hermia, and Lysander.

Paragraph 11: Tax incidence of indirect taxes is not clear, in fact, statutory (legal) incidence in most cases tells us nothing about economic (final) incidence. The incidence of indirect tax imposed on a good or service depends on price elasticity of demand (PED) and price elasticity of supply (PES) of a concerned good or service. In case the good has an elastic demand and inelastic supply, the tax burden falls mainly on the producer of the good, whereas the burden of the good with an inelastic demand and elastic supply falls mainly on consumers. The only case when the burden of indirect tax falls totally on consumers, i.e., statutory and economic incidence are the same, is when the supply of a good is perfectly elastic and its demand is perfectly inelastic, which is, however, a very rare case. The shifting of the tax incidence may be both intentional and unintentional. In fact, economic subject may shift the tax burden to other economic subject by changing their market behavior. For example, tax imposed on the output of a firm's good may lead to higher consumer prices, reduced wages paid to firm's employees and reduced returns to firm's owners and shareholders or reduced supply of the good on the market, or any combination of mentioned consequences.

Paragraph 12: In September 1881, Carter invited him to the Scarborough Festival where he made his first-class debut for Yorkshire against Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). Hawke went to Cambridge a month later and played for the university team from May to July 1882 before returning to Yorkshire. At this time, Hawke was usually the only amateur in the Yorkshire team. He refused the captaincy at first, saying he wanted to learn the job by playing under the professional captain, Test bowler Tom Emmett. Hawke was formally appointed club captain for the 1883 season, though he was still at Cambridge, and held the post until 1910. He remains the most successful county captain ever, Yorkshire winning the County Championship a record eight times during his tenure.

Paragraph 13: Her family  lived with body builder Charles Atlas who trained the family in gymnastics, weight lifting, and jogging, when she was a girl.  Stallone was the first woman to have a daily television show on exercise and weight lifting in Washington, D.C., and later opened a women-only gym, named Barbella's. During her youth, Stallone was a trapeze artist in a circus and a chorus girl in a nightclub. She was also a hairdresser. Her son Sylvester's father was Italian American Frank Stallone Sr. She lived relatively quietly for most of her life. Even after Sylvester starred in the film Rocky in 1976, she remained unknown to the general public as his mother.

Paragraph 14: Effective January 2, 1973, the daytime QJ was truncated to Broad Street as the , and the M was extended beyond Broad Street during the day along the 's former route to Coney Island–Stillwell Avenue, via the Montague Street Tunnel and Brighton Line local tracks. With the extension of the M onto the Brighton Line, there were also changes to D service. Northbound weekday M train service originating at Kings Highway would begin at 5:46 a.m., while northbound service from Coney Island would begin at 6:34 a.m. From 5:40 to 6:34 a.m. northbound D trains would run local from Brighton Beach to Kings Highway, and then run express to Prospect Park. Late morning and early afternoon D trains would from then on run express from Brighton Beach to Kings Highway. The span of D express service to Brighton Beach was extended by 45 minutes to 9:05 p.m. from Prospect Park, and the span of M service from Broad Street to Coney Island was extended by 45 minutes from the previous span of QJ service to cover local stops. Two M trains began service at Brighton Beach in the morning rush hour, and in the early morning, three M trains entered service at Brighton Beach, and six entered service at Kings Highway. In addition, the final nine southbound M trains of the evening terminated at Brighton Beach. On May 13, 1974, three northbound early morning trains that were placed into service at Brighton Beach were replaced with two trains entering service at Kings Highway and one entering service at Brighton Beach.

Paragraph 15: Zalmi who played their first two matches on 5 and 6 February against Islamabad United and Lahore Qalandars respectively winning both of them beating United by 24 runs and Qalandars by 9 wickets. Their winning run ended after losing a close match against the underdogs of 2016 PSL Quetta Gladiators. after completing group stage matches they won six from eight matches losing against Lahore Qalandars in a close match and Quetta Gladiators they finished first in points table qualifying for the play-offs where they played against Quetta Gladiators in Qualifier 1. The first qualifier of the inaugural Pakistan Super League was a nail-biting affair and came down to the last ball, with Quetta Gladiators holding their nerve to clinch one run win. Gladiators posted 133 thanks to Kevin Pietersen (53) well supported by Kumar Sangakkara (37) after disastrous start, in reply Peshawar scoring 132 in their 20 Overs Darren Sammy's 38 from 29 could not save the team. Zalmi were left needing eight runs from six balls;Gladiators required three wickets. A dot off the first ball of the over, bowled by Aizaz Cheema, titled the contest further Quetta's way. However, Wahab Riaz seemed to emerge an unlikely hero for Zalmi, slamming the second ball – a low full toss outside off – over cow corner for four. He then proceeded to take a single. Three needed off three, and it was anybody's game. Cheema, though, drastically turned the fate of the match with his next two deliveries. First Hasan Ali was out caught and bowled. Then, Wahab swung wildly in an attempt to finish the game, but ended up skying the ball straight to Ahmed Shehzad at point. Cheema was on a hat-trick and Muhammad Asghar had the unenviable task of striking the last ball for at least three. Cheema did not get his hat-trick, but more importantly, Asghar was unable to put the bowler's rising short ball away as a result Aizaz Cheema become hero for Gladiators and qualified for the Final.Gladiator's Mohammad Nawaz for his 3 for 27 and 20 runs was judged man of the match against Zalmi.Islamabad United qualified for 2016 Pakistan Super League Final match by defeating Zalmi.United set 177 runs target for Zalmi after being sent in by Afridi to bat first. United's Batsman Sharjeel Khan 117 from 62 balls against strong bowling line-up of Zalmi proved to be the difference between them and United they only managed 126 runs after blistering inning from Shahid Afridi in the end of 38 from  17 balls and earlier Kamran Akmal scored 45 from 32 balls. As a result of this loss they were eliminated from the tournament. Wahab Riaz with 15 wickets was the leading wicket-taker for the team. Tamim Iqbal with 267 runs was team's leading run scorer.

Paragraph 16: Snake and Venus next learn that the SaintLogic facility is wired with explosives, and learn the location of Dr. Takiyama as well as the Lucinda File. After recovering both, Venus pulls a gun on Snake at Wiseman's command. Wiseman announces that he was responsible for the Praulia Massacre because he wanted to hurry along the project with a field test. An ethnic uprising that was occurring in Serena at the time was an opportune time to test the SaintLogic subjects. This initial test did not provide sufficient information concerning the limits of the test subjects, and Wiseman ordered for the subjects to be pushed to their limits. After the massacre, Wiseman arranged for Snake to flee to the United States. Dalton was informed of Snake's entering the country and, as desired by Wiseman, apprehended Snake. Wiseman's original plan was for Dalton and Snake to attempt to infiltrate SaintLogic but become tangled in the facilities guards. At this time Wiseman was to have Venus work her way through SaintLogic and recover the Lucinda File, and place any blame on Dalton and Snake. Venus is then revealed to be a test subject, newer than Snake, who was placed in the care of Wiseman after the activities in Serena. Snake learns that Venus was the cause of his amnesia, as she had shot him during the Praulia Massacre. Snake and Venus duel and, following Venus's defeat, work their way out of the SaintLogic buildings with Dr. Takiyama. Venus and Dr. Takiyama escape however Snake is trapped inside. Venus and Takiyama escape the building safely, and outside SaintLogic witness Metal Gear Chaioth Ha Qadesh return to life. The U.S. military, which has been called in to secure SaintLogic, fires upon Metal Gear and a missile from its rear launches, and lands in the ocean a short distance away. It is revealed in a cutscene that Snake was in the launcher instead of a missile and utilized it to escape, breaking most bones in his body.

Paragraph 17: Initially, there was not much controversy over the power between the Senate and President in treaty making. Still, the Senate had many differences because of different political views. Multiple arguments were submitted to the Senate between 1789 and 1815, and there were no rejections. Over time, the checks and balances between the President and Senate have affected the country's ability to make treaties in the best interest of the country successfully. Getting two-thirds of the Senate's approval became a hard process. It seemed more effective for the President to make executive agreements than to negotiate more formal treaties leading to a preference of successive administrations to make executive agreements. The President can act alone and make an executive agreement in relation to foreign policy without the approval of Congress. Over time, there has been a significant increase in executive agreements and a decrease in treaty-making. 1937 was the last year that more treaties were made than executive agreements. Between 1789 and 1839, the US State Department reported 60 treaties and 27 executive agreements; still, by the 20th century, presidents including McKinley, Taft, and Theodore Roosevelt began using more executive agreements on critical foreign situations. Between the presidencies of Roosevelt (1901-1909) and Bush (2001-2005), the use of executive agreements significantly increased, indicating that presidents would rather avoid political differences with the Senate and make foreign policy decisions without discussing a possible treaty with the Senate. One-third of the treaties discussed during the presidencies of Roosevelt and Bush were in the Senate's power. During President Obama's first three years of office, he used many more executive agreements than treaties. To avoid controversy due to politics, President Obama made many executive decisions, including "the use of American military power and solutions to global problems, including nuclear proliferation, a global financial crisis, and climate change".

Paragraph 18: After his graduation, he was elected as the chief judge of Ascoli, but he then settled in his native town, where he filled various responsible offices. Both father and son belonged to a confraternity suspected of meeting for the discussion of opinions hostile to the Roman church. The Inquisition was upon the track of the heretics, and Gentili, together with his father and one of his brothers, Scipione Gentili, were forced to leave Italy because of their Protestant beliefs. The three first went to Ljubljana (German: Laibach), now in Slovenia, the capital of the duchy of Carniola. From there, Alberico went on to the German university towns of Tübingen and Heidelberg. At their first halting place, Ljubljana, Matteo, doubtless through the influence of his brother-in-law, Nicolo Petrelli, a jurist high in favour with the court, was appointed chief physician for the duchy of Carniola. In the meantime, the papal authorities had excommunicated the fugitives and soon procured their expulsion from Austrian territory. Early in 1580, Alberico set out for England, preceded by a reputation that procured him offers of professorships at Heidelberg and at Tübingen, where Scipio was left to commence his university studies. Alberico reached London in August, with introductions to Giovanni Battista Castiglione, the Italian tutor to Queen Elizabeth I. Gentili soon became acquainted with Dr Tobias Matthew, the Archbishop of York. On 14 January 1581, Gentili was accordingly incorporated from Perugia as a D.C.L. giving Gentili the right of teaching law, which he first exercised in St John's College, Oxford. Subsequently, Gentili was appointed as the Regius professor of civil law at Oxford University by the Chancellor of Oxford University, Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester. He was commissioned to prepare a revised version of the statutory laws of his home town, a task which he completed in 1577. After a short stay in Wittenberg, Germany, he returned to Oxford.

Paragraph 19: The following are extracts from the conclusion of the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse's report into Case Study 28 – Catholic Church authorities in Ballarat:This case study exposed a catastrophic failure in the leadership of the Diocese and ultimately in the structure and culture of the Church over decades to effectively respond to the sexual abuse of children by its priests. That failure led to the suffering and often irreparable harm to children, their families and the wider community. That harm could have been avoided if the Church had acted in the interests of children rather than in its own interests. Euphemistic and elliptical language was often used in correspondence and minutes to mask the true nature of the conduct discussed. There was repeated reference to 'pressures', 'strains' and unspecified 'problems'. On occasions, records were deliberately not made or kept or were destroyed.  The result of these inexcusable failures was that more children were sexually abused by Catholic clergy in the Diocese. There was a catastrophic institutional failure which resulted in many children being sexually abused. We heard about the devastating, often lifelong, consequences in the lives of those children. The welfare of children was not the primary concern of Bishop Mulkearns and other senior members of the Diocese when responding to complaints and allegation of child sexual abuse against their priests. There is no doubt it should have been. The report on Ballarat also described the impact it had on victims. One section outlines suicide and premature death caused from the abuse. One victim said: Newspapers don't report suicides, so the public doesn't hear about the broken families and their shattered lives, about the unseen impact of institutional child sexual abuse. Children are left behind and they don't understand why. It doesn't end when the abuse ends.Other harms are outlined. Another victim outlines the general harm in the Ballarat community:Such chronic sexual abuse in the Ballarat community has led to a large number of men who are not able to be productive members of society and in effect have become either emotional, social or financial burdens upon the community. The Royal Commission's final report published on 15 December 2017 found that 139 people made a claim of child sexual abuse to the Diocese of Ballarat between 1980 and 2015 and that there were 21 alleged perpetrators identified in claims. Of the 21 alleged perpetrators 17 were priests which is 8.7% of the priests who ministered during this period. Cardinal George Pell told the Royal Commission that the concentration of offending was a "coincidence". The final report included recommendations including recommendation 16.6 through to 16.26. They include the introduction of mandatory reporting/national standards, screening candidates before and during seminary or religious formation, the introduction of voluntary celibacy for diocesan clergy, to remove the requirement to destroy documents relating to canonical criminal cases in materials of morals where the accused cleric has died or ten years have elapsed from the condemnatory sentence, amend canon law to remove the time limit (prescription) for commencement of canonical actions relating to child sexual abuse, that the bishop of the diocese should ensure that parish priests are not the employers of principals and teachers in Catholic schools, modifications to canon law, and more transparency.

Paragraph 20: After the Second World War, Katherine "Kitty" Fremont, a widowed American nurse, is sightseeing in Cyprus following a tour of duty for the U.S. Public Health Service in Greece. Her guide mentions the Karaolos internment camp on Cyprus, where thousands of Jews—many of them Holocaust survivors—are detained by the British, who refuse them passage to Palestine. Kitty visits British General Sutherland, who knew her late husband. When Sutherland suggests she volunteer at the internment camp for a few days, Kitty declines, citing she would feel uncomfortable around Jews. She reconsiders shortly after one of the General's staff officers, Major Freddy Caldwell (Peter Lawford), makes an anti-Semitic remark.

Paragraph 21: The setup allows the player to either choose a map or supply size and ocean-to-land ratio to have one generated randomly, and to choose how many (1 to 15) tribes – also called nations – will populate it when the game starts, as well as which intelligence will control each tribe during the game – that is, either a human player or any artificial intelligence such as Gerlach's default AI that is included with the game; alternative AIs have been designed and contributed by other programmers.  A supervisor mode allows games where all tribes are controlled by artificial intelligence.  Games with more than one human player can be played in hotseat mode.

Paragraph 22: Game 1 would go on to be an instant classic, with LeBron James scoring 51 points. The game was tight throughout, as neither team was able to gain separation. However, the final minutes did not come without controversy as Durant seemingly charged onto James when driving to the basket. The officials reviewed that James was not within the restricted area, and the call was then reversed into a blocking foul, thus allowing Durant to tie the game with a pair of free throws. Eventually, when the Warriors were leading 107-106, James passed the ball that went out of bounds while George Hill was fouled, thus giving him a pair of free throws. After making the first free throw to tie it at 107, he missed the second free throw, which was rebounded by J.R. Smith, who ran the clock as it was perceived that he believed the Cavaliers had the lead. He passed the ball to Hill, whose shot was blocked by Draymond Green at the buzzer. The Warriors dominated overtime 17-7 as they won the series opener 124–114. Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, and Klay Thompson respectively scored 29, 26, and 24 points. In Game 2, the Warriors blew out the Cavs 122–103 as Curry sinked in 9 three-pointers and finished with 33 points and Durant dropped 26 points. The Warriors sent more double teams on James, holding him to 29 points. As Game 3 shifted to Cleveland, the Cavaliers dominated the first half, leading by as many as 13. Curry and Thompson, the Splash Brothers, had a bad night only combining for only 21 points on 7-27 shooting. However, in the second half, the Warriors fought back, making it a back-and-forth game as Kevin Durant scored 43 points, and made a key clutch shot in the closing minutes that put the Warriors up 106–100, and eventually winning 110–102 to put the Warriors up 3–0 for the second straight year. After a close first half in Game 4, the Warriors dominated the third quarter and routed the Cavaliers 108–85 behind Stephen Curry's 37 points and seven three-pointers, as well as a triple-double by Durant, thus completing the sweep. Durant won Finals MVP for the second straight year behind averages of 28.8 points, 10.8 rebounds and 7.5 assists, while Curry averaged 27.5 points for the series. LeBron James led both teams in scoring and assists, putting up averages of 34.0 points and 10.0 assists in a losing effort.

Paragraph 23: Rather a great deal of Hallgarten's mediaeval history has to do with Montfort Castle, a major military stronghold in the local area shared by a number of lordships. The Montfort ruin is among the Palatinate's most impressive castle remnants. Lying today in a secluded woodland away from main highways some 10 km west of Bad Münster am Stein-Ebernburg, the castle was built by the Counts of Veldenz about 1200 to keep watch upon a nearby army road. The origin of the name – which means “strong mountain” (albeit in French, not German) – is uncertain. It could have been brought back by Crusader knights from the Holy Land, where the Teutonic Knights owned a mighty castle, also named "Montfort Castle" (“מבצר מונפור”), which now lies within Israel, and which is also a ruin. The first known, and perhaps also the most important, dweller at the castle was Eberhard von Lautern (1182-1240). He was the father of his line, the Montforts. His son was the first to name himself “Knight of Montfort”. He held important Ämter in the Palatinate, and in 90 centres in the Eastern Palatinate and Rhenish Hesse, he also held great – and small – landholds. The knights were well respected and landed, and it was therefore not really necessary for them to behave as robber knights, as some of their contemporaries felt free to accuse them of doing. As a coat of arms, they bore an escutcheon that could be described as “Azure a bend countercompony sable and argent” (at right). Various knights bore these arms, either undifferenced or with marks of cadency. This noble house died out in 1432. The earliest known document, from 1226, and the next after that make it clear that Montfort Castle was very early on also inhabited by other knightly families, which made it a Ganerbenburg, or jointly held castle. The joint holders (Ganerben) each acquired through marriage or sale a castle house as an hereditary property, somewhat like a modern-day condominium. This afforded considerable personal protection in uncertain times, and for the castle itself, the presence of several defence forces – one kept by each lord – made for a much stronger military presence than was usual for such a stronghold. Joint rulers’ agreements still survive to which as many as 25 parties were signatory (although later in the castle's history, this had shrunk to 17), which would seem to be proof that the castle's population was roughly 150, and thus far greater than that in any of the surrounding villages. Living together in a tightly bordered castle area was regulated by very strict rules, an arrangement known as a Burgfrieden ("castle peace", a term later used in early-20th-century German politics, albeit in a modified sense). This agreement laid down the yearly contributions to the castle's maintenance as well as the kinds and numbers of weapons needed to defend the castle and the food that was needed. The concentrated fighting force of such a great number of knights and their servants was surely what kept Montfort Castle from facing any serious attack or siege, at least as far as history records up to 1456. It took Archbishop of Mainz Diether's and Elector Palatine Friedrich I's vastly superior fighting forces to conquer and destroy the castle on 19 October of that year, with firearms, after a five-day siege. It was, however, more the castle's overlord, Duke Ludwig the Black of Palatinate-Zweibrücken who was “damaged” rather than the castle itself. The only part of that that ever rose again was one of the dwelling towers. One of the joint holders who had been driven out, Sir Boos von Waldeck, built himself the Neues Schloss – "New Castle" – in the dale out of rubble from the destroyed old castle. This laid the groundwork for today's hamlet of Montforter Hof (or Montforterhof). Montfort Castle, such as it now is, represents quite a rare example in Germany of a mediaeval castle, forsaken at the muzzles of cannon, whose 12th-to-15th-century structures are still clearly visible even now, and whose appearance was never altered in later times by modernization or reinforcement against firearms.

Paragraph 24: Scene one. Two days later, in the garden. Susanna is playing with Elizabeth as John tells her about his visit to Lady Haines. A letter arrives. John reads it and is disturbed by its contents. It is from an acquaintance, who tells him that Jack was mouthing off in the local inn that Susanna has gonorrhea and that she has passed it on to Rafe after meeting him at the empty Palmer residence. John is outraged, but assumes that the story is intended as revenge on him for dismissing Jack. He leaves. Susanna asks Hester to lie about what really happened. She agrees. Jack appears, contrite, insisting that he will withdraw everything he said. John wants a written retraction posted in the church, but Jack is worried about what his father will say. Susanna, afraid that her tryst with Rafe will be discovered, tries to resolve matters. Rafe appears, furious, and berates Jack. Jack feels insulted that a mere tradesman is looking down on him, and draws his sword, but Rafe easily disarms him. Humiliated, Jack now refuses to retract, insisting that he spoke the truth. Jack leaves. John is now suspicious that he is not being told the full truth. Though Hester loyally supports her mistress's version of events, Rafe can barely be held back from confessing. John leaves to look up the legal issues. Susanna tries to convince Rafe that their love is not immoral, since they did not actually have sex. She invokes Rafe's admiration of John, pointing out that the truth would humiliate him and probably destroy his practice. Rafe reluctantly agrees to keep silent about what really happened. John returns, having concluded that Jack should be sued for slander in the ecclesiastical courts. He suggests that a letter to Jack's father might smooth matters over. If Jack agrees to confess to slander John will help him find another medical tutor. After a tense discussion, Susanna, John and Rafe agree to support one another.

Paragraph 25: Derroche de Sexo • Cuando Te Acuerdes de Mi • Me Pregunto Por Qué • Mi Gran Amor • Si Yo Pudiera • Popurrí: Olvido / Ahora Seremos Felices • Me Olvidé de Vivir • Ya No • No Quiero Hacerte Daño • Respeta Mi Dolor • BombaDímelo (2003)Buscaré Un Nuevo Amor (No Engañes Tu Corazón) (Original version) • Sólo Pienso En Ella • La Mujer Casada • Dios Mío Por Qué (Es Mejor) (Original version) • Te Recordaré • Que Te Pasa (Original version) • Dímelo • Quiero Dormir Cansado • Cariño Mío (Amor de Mi Vida) (Spanglish version)Si No Te Tengo (2004)Ay Hombre • Es Mejor • Y Ahora Te Vas • Si No Te Tengo • Hoy Quiero Escribir Una Canción • Nadie Más Que Tú • No Me Vuelvo an Enamorar • Te Quiero • Amor de Mi Vida • No Engañes Tu Corazón • Llora Mi Corazón • Que Te Pasa • Mi Tonto AmorPiel Sin Alma (2005)Piel Sin Alma • Solo Quiéreme • Después de Tanto Amor • Te Pierdo y Te Pienso • Por Gustarte • Por Tu Primer Beso • Mi Mejor Amiga • Ya Te Vas Amor • Mi Mejor Amiga • Los ResbalonesA Dónde Iré Sin Ti (2006)A Dónde Iré Sin Ti • Se Me Salen las Lágrimas • Te Olvidaré • La Última Carta • Lo Mejor Que Me Ha Pasado • Flor Pálida • Que Vuelva • Una Tercera Persona • Cómo Será Mañana • Buena Suerte • GuantanameraLa Carretera (2007)Culpable • Tengo Corazón • Qué Importa Si Tú Te Vas • Me Mata la Melancolía • Un Camino Lejos • Si Supieras • Por Dónde Comienza el Amor • Ropita Vieja • Por Qué Me Buscas • Adiós Hermano • Necesito Tus Besos • Si Yo SupieraParece Mentira (2008)No Se Vale • Parece Mentira • Me Sale del Alma • Castillo • No Cuentes Conmigo • Pobre Diablo • Mi Vida Háblame • Si Tú Volvieras • Solamente Tú • Voy a Morir de AmorLlámame (2010)Llámame • Ella • Maldita Soledad • A la Orilla del Mar • Paz En Este Amor (feat. Yulisa Rodríguez) • Juanita Morel • Besos Callejeros (feat. Yulisa Rodríguez) • La Niña Que Nunca Volvió • Dios Cambia el Mundo (feat. Nayelis)Escenas de Amor (2015) Hablamos En La Cama (2018) Live Albums En Vivo (2000) Live (2002) Vol. 2Que Me la Devuelva • Arráncame la Vida • Me la Pusieron Difícil • Espérame • La Despedida • Quisiera Ser la Cama • Quiero Ser de Ti • Dos Mujeres Para Mí • Dame Tu Querer • Me Siento Triste Hoy • Si Nuestro Amor Se Acaba • No Me Ames • La Castigadora • Navidad, Navidad

Paragraph 26: As recounted in Polybius 16.34:“The Senate had resolved to order him not to wage war with any Greek state; nor to interfere in the dominions of Ptolemy; and to submit the injuries inflicted on Attalus and the Rhodians to arbitration; and that if he did so he might have peace, but if he refused to obey he would promptly have war with Rome. Upon Philip endeavouring to show that the Rhodians had been the first to lay hands on him, Marcus interrupted him by saying: "But what about the Athenians? And what about the Cianians? And what about the Abydenians at this moment? Did any one of them also lay hands on you first?" The king, at a loss for a reply, said: "I pardon the offensive haughtiness of your manners for three reasons: first, because you are a young man and inexperienced in affairs; secondly, because you are the handsomest man of your time" (this was true); "and thirdly, because you are a Roman. But for my part, my first demand to the Romans is that they should not break their treaties or go to war with me; but if they do, I shall defend myself as courageously as I can, appealing to the gods to defend my cause.”From here forth, in anticipation of the Second Macedonian War as military mobilisation and naval forces prepared, the energetic campaign enlisting as many allies as possible for the Romans continued to mount with the triumviral embassy serving as their contacts. The main Greek powers became secured in the Roman camp - the Aetolian League, Rhodes, King Attalus, Athens, as well as the eventual alignment of the Achaean League. It is unclear if or at which stages the others separated during this period considering there were many places to visit, but it is likely that all three envoys would have fulfilled their instructions to further contact the young Ptolemy V in Egypt and Antiochus of the Seleucid Empire, who had signed previously signed a secret pact with Philip that saw the exploitation of the young king's territory for themselves. Their visit to Egypt would probably see the ambassadors announce Rome's victory over Carthage as well as ensure the continuation of the Roman alliance. Moreover, they most likely would have been instructed to gauge conditions and ensure that neither king could or would interfere in the Aegean, given Antiochus’ enormous power and military potential.

Paragraph 27: In trailers, this remote air-supply is in the form of a tank, which is charged whenever the emergency brakes are released via the red trailer-supply valve on the dashboard. In a dual-circuit air brake system, this tank actually receives its air from both  the primary and secondary reservoirs of the tractor; the air from both of these reservoirs is merged via a two-way check valve. The two-way check valve is a pneumatic device that has two inputs and one output; each input is connected to one these reservoirs. Only the air that is at the higher pressure is allowed to pass through to the check valve's output, which then passes through the tractor-protection valve, and then travels onward towards the trailer's air-tank and spring brake valve via the red trailer-supply line (a.k.a., the emergency line); this releases the trailer's emergency brakes (a.k.a. spring brakes). The tractor-protection valve is a device that prevents air from being lost from the tractor's braking system in the event of the air-lines becoming separated or broken. The tractor's air-lines connect to the trailer's air-lines via metal connectors known as gladhands.  The merged air from both reservoirs of the tractor prevents air-loss from only one tractor braking circuit from causing the trailer's spring brakes to automatically apply. This gives the driver more control, and prevents the vehicle from grinding to a halt in an unsafe location, such as in the middle of an intersection.

Paragraph 28: Vaisala originated in the 1930s when Professor Vilho Väisälä (1889–1969), Vaisala's founder and long-time managing director, invented some of the operating principles of a radiosonde. He sent the first Finnish radiosonde aloft in December 1931. After the first sounding, Väisälä continued with further development and tests until a radiosonde could be brought into production and deliveries started in 1936. From the very start, Vaisala was an international business, exporting 95 percent of the production. As the Vaisala radiosonde became internationally renowned, the demand for them increased. In 1944, Prof. Väisälä established a company called Mittari Oy ("Gauge Incorporated") and set up manufacturing facilities for radiosonde systems.  The first sounding system included a semi-automatic radiosonde receiver, a calibration device and a ground check set. The company employed 13 people at the time. Later, in 1955, the name of Mittari was changed to Vaisala.

Paragraph 29: The return of democracy coincided with the comeback of the previously cracked-down autonomist and separatist claims. A regional chamber to draft the Statute was created on 9 April 1945, but did not operate until as late as 26 April 1946, because of the slow pace of negotiations at each round of the talks. Lussu and the Sardinian Action Party championed in fact a solution that saw the island as a state associated with a federal country, rather than being assimilated like an ordinary Italian region within a unitary framework, but such demands were met with strong opposition from the Italian statewide parties: the Christian Democracy (DC), around which the majority of the island's notables were then gathered, supported in fact a generic regional framework with some devolution, geared towards accommodation for the central government in Rome; the Liberal Party (PLI) advocated for what little autonomy was needed to carry out only the administrative functions, without the capacity to create any regional laws; the Communist Party (PCI), which shut down the Communist Party of Sardinia two years earlier, was hostile to the idea of giving Sardinia any autonomy at all, the Italian Communists considering it a reactionary tool that stood in the way of a transformation towards a single Italian Communist society; the right-wing parties and the Common Man's Front were against the idea of Sardinian autonomy as well, because of Italian nationalism. In the end, the line prevailing was the one supported by the DC that, claiming to be willing to avoid "serious institutional conflicts", ditched the federal hypothesis in favour of a binary system of governance agreed upon the region and the central state. As much as some important authors in the field of Sardinian studies regard the granted Statute as Italy's definite acknowledgment of a distinct historical, geographic, social, ethnic and linguistic status,"Una Sardegna di cittadini e non di sudditi" (from "Storia dell’Autonomia sarda 1847–2018", edited by Manlio Brigaglia and Salvatore Mura, Delfino. the "Sardinian specialty" as a criterion for political autonomy ended up being specified just on the grounds of a couple of socio-economic issues devoid of any of the aforementioned considerations.Pintore, Gianfranco (1996). La sovrana e la cameriera: La Sardegna tra sovranità e dipendenza. Nuoro: Insula, 13 As time was pressing, the Sardinian regional Statute was eventually written by the Constituent Assembly in Rome, followed by a rapid review of each section and without further debate. Some unique articles appeared in the final version, mentioning state-funded plans (going by the Italian piani di rinascita "rebirth plans") for the heavy industrial development of the island.

Paragraph 30: Olympique Lyonnais began their league campaign on the road taking on Le Mans at the Stade Léon-Bollée. Lyon started off the match very slow and eventually allowed a goal that was scored by Modibo Maïga in just the 21st minute. Lyon responded just seven minutes later with a goal from the converted defender Mathieu Bodmer, who equalized on a shot at the top of the box as a result of a great pass from Lisandro López. Following the break, Le Mans came out quickly in the attack and were awarded a questionable penalty by referee Lionel Jaffredo. The young Mathieu Coutadeur converted the penalty giving the home team a 2–1 lead. In the ensuing minutes, Lyon slowly lost focus, but were eventually revived when new signing Bafétimbi Gomis came on in the 77th minute. Their newfound attack still drew no goals and heading into the injury time session, Lyon were awarded a free kick just outside the penalty box. With new signings and free kick specialists Michel Bastos and López both standing over the ball, it was the latter who took it and placed the ball easily into the back of the net drawing the match at 2–2 and giving Lyon their first point of the season. Lyon's first at home was against Valenciennes. With a pivotal Champions League match coming up early next week and Jérémy Toulalan also going on international duty, he was partially rested for the match, which featured the midfield combination of Jean Makoun and Kim Källström. Lyon won the match 1–0 with a goal from Gomis, his first with the club, in the 37th minute. The goal was assisted on by Michel Bastos. The victory initially moved Lyon into fourth-place, but after the next day's matches, Lyon fell to eighth. The following week, Lyon faced Auxerre on the road. After their strong performance mid-week in the Champions League, manager Claude Puel implemented exactly the same formation, albeit with different players in certain positions. Despite missing several goal opportunities mid-week, César Delgado responded by dishing out two assists, the first on the club's opening goal scored by Jean-Alain Boumsong, who was making his season debut, and the club's second goal, scored by Miralem Pjanić, his first career league goal for the club. Lyon won the match 3–0. The Auxerre match was notable as it marked the debut of the highly rated 17-year-old Ishak Belfodil, who came on as a substitute in the 84th minute. The next week, Lyon returned home and were victors again claiming a 3–1 victory over Nancy, with all three Lyon goals coming from new signings Bastos, López and Gomis.