Paragraph 1: For centuries, Grochów was a small village south-east of Praga. The fields of Grochów and nearby Kamion saw the election of Henryk Walezy (in 1573) and August III Sas (in 1733) as Polish kings, since these fields were chosen as the seat of the Polish election Sejms. Until the late 18th century the village was the property of the bishops of Płock and shared the fate of the nearby Kamion. Since the 16th century, the field of Grochów was about 2.6 square kilometres in size and was one of the biggest undivided fields in all of Masovia. However, the Swedish Invasion of 1656 wreaked destruction, and a prosperous village was completely looted and burnt to the ground; only 9 houses remained. In 1780 Grochów was bought by King Stanisław August Poniatowski who gave it to his nephew, Prince Stanisław Poniatowski. The latter soon built a small manor in the village, the first house there to be constructed of anything besides wood. He soon subdivided the village into eight separate properties, selling each to a different family. This led to a period of prosperity as the village was rebuilt and began to serve as one of the most important centres of grain production and trade for the nearby city of Warsaw.

Paragraph 2: Over the late 18th and early 19th century, Highland society had changed greatly.  On the eastern fringes of the Highlands, most arable land was divided into family farms with  employing crofters (with some land held in their own right, insufficient on its own to give them an adequate living) and cottars (farm workers with no land of their own, sometimes sub-let a small patch of land by their employer or a crofter). The economy had become assimilated to that of the Lowlands, whose proximity allowed and encouraged a diverse agriculture.  Proximity to the Lowlands had also led to a steady drain of population from these areas. In the Western Isles and the adjacent mainland developments had been very different. Chieftains who had become improving landlords had found livestock-grazing (generally sheep, sometimes cattle) the most remunerative form of agriculture; to accommodate this they had moved their tenants to coastal townships where they hoped valuable industries could be developed and established an extensive crofting system (see Highland Clearances).  Croft sizes were set low to encourage the tenantry to participate in the industry (e.g. fishing, kelp ) the landlord wished to develop.  A contemporary writer thought that a crofter would have to do work away from his holding for 200 days a year if his family were to avoid destitution.   The various industries the crofting townships were supposed to support mostly prospered in the first quarter of the 19th century (drawing workers over and above the originally intended population of townships) but declined or collapsed over its second quarter.  The crofting areas were correspondingly impoverished, but able to sustain themselves by a much greater reliance on potatoes (it was reckoned that one acre growing potatoes could support as many people as four acres growing oats).  Between 1801 and 1841 the population in the crofting area increased by over half, whereas in the eastern and southern Highlands the increase in the same period was under 10 percent. Consequently, immediately pre-blight, whilst mainland Argyll had over  of arable land per inhabitant, there was only  of arable land per head in Skye and Wester Ross: in the crofting area, as in Ireland, the population had grown to levels which only a successful potato harvest could support.

Paragraph 3: Adam and Skye, now married, return to Genoa City to testify on Nicholas’ behalf, but Adam fakes a mental breakdown and is sent to the psychiatric hospital where Patty is being treated. She recollects the night of Hightower’s death to the district attorney, but Adam confuses her, leads her out of the hospital, gives her a new identity and tells her never to return. Adam and Sharon reunite in New Orleans, just before he faces charges for murdering Skye. Sharon travels to Hawaii to prove Skye is alive, but Skye falls to her death in a volcano and Sharon is arrested for her murder. Adam helps Sharon to escape from prison and flee the state, and she is presumed dead when her burned-out car is found. Sharon is actually carjacked and the carjacker died in the fire. Adam is devastated and still looks for proof that Sharon did not kill Skye. He eventually finds proof but when he discovers that Sharon had been living with a veterinarian in New Mexico, he disposes of the evidence in a river in July 2011. Adam then plots with Diane Jenkins (Maura West) to make Victor suffer, almost framing him for Diane’s murder. However, when Diane's murdered body is found, a six-month investigation ensues with Adam as an initial suspect. Adam again takes over at Newman Enterprises when Victor falsely confesses to the murder and later reunites with Sharon, but she leaves him again when his scheme against Patty is revealed. Adam later befriends Chelsea Lawson (Melissa Claire Egan) and they begin dating in April 2012, later eloping to Kansas where Sharon tries to stop the wedding. Chelsea becomes pregnant but miscarries in a car accident with Summer Newman (Hunter King). Adam takes in Sharon, who is mentally unstable, and gets her the help she needs; Chelsea disapproves. After he is reinstated as chief executive officer at Newman Enterprises and shares a kiss with Sharon, Adam promises Chelsea they can move to Paris, but when he cannot leave the company they decide to divorce. While trying to save Victor, Adam is shot at Victor's wedding in March 2013, and they mend their relationship by working together at Newman Enterprises. Chelsea discovers she is pregnant again, but tells Adam the child was fathered by Dylan McAvoy (Steve Burton). After Adam finds out Connor is his son, he plans to go for full custody and plans to cut Chelsea out of Connor's life, believing she is an unfit mother. Victor and Adam's partnership at the company ends months later when it is revealed that Adam's silent partner in taking Newman Enterprises private again was Jack. When Victor announces Katherine Chancellor (Jeanne Cooper) left her company, Chancellor Industries, to him in her will, Adam leaves him all of his shares in the company and resigns. Shortly after, Adam suspects he may have struck Delia Abbott (Sophie Pollono) with his car while driving on a dark road. After Delia dies in the accident, investigations begin to find the driver, leaving Adam guilt-ridden. Chelsea moves in with him to help take care of Connor, and they eventually reunite.

Paragraph 4: If Abingdon was not the one who encouraged the poem's composition, he at least enjoyed having the celebrated poet in his household.  At around this time, Gould also became a friend of Fleetwood Sheppard's, who appeared to treat the poet with great generosity.  The next poems from Gould continued the misogyny of Love Given O'er (e.g. A Satyr on Wooing, Epistle to One Made Unhappy in Marriage, A Scourge for Ill Wives, inter al.) and attempted to broaden out the satire into an attack on human vanity in particular and mankind in general.  Gould's A Satyr on Mankind was, in its own day, noted for its excellence, and Alexander Pope paraphrases it.  Additionally, Jonathan Swift uses some of the same satirical figures, and it is likely that both authors had read Gould in the 1709 version of his poems.  Also in 1683 (on 17 June), Gould married Martha Roderick, and the two would later have a daughter named Hannah.  Between 1683 and 1689, Gould produced a number of satires, some of them providing unique insight into the English Restoration. Satyr Upon the Play-House (1688), for example, attacked the parentage and pretense of Elizabeth Barry and Thomas Betterton, as well as the dissipate, drunken, whoring patrons of the theater.  It records the life of London around Covent Garden, complete with demobbed soldiers, thieves, prostitutes, and the nobility who only cover their filth in gold, cosmetics, and perfumes.  He also produced a few topical satires, such as To Julian, Secretary of the Muses, which attacks an anonymous lampoon author and gives specific detail about the personalities and personages of some of the dramatists of the day.  He even wrote a poem in honour of a retarded villager of Lavington before, two years later, writing a violent attack on the stupidity and obduracy of all the "simple folk" of the country.

Paragraph 5: Kennedy retired after the 2000 season. In 167 games with Seattle, he recorded 668 tackles, 58 sacks, and three interceptions. He announced his retirement in August 2002 after sitting out the 2001 season. He was given several offers by other teams, but wanted to finish his career in Seattle. He is generally considered one of the best defensive tackles to ever play the position in the NFL. He was a semi-finalist for the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2008, as well as a finalist in 2009 and 2011, eventually being elected to the Hall as a member of the 2012 induction class. He was the second Hall of Famer to earn his credentials primarily as a Seahawk.

Paragraph 6: He began his career as a drummer, working primarily in the jazz fusion realm, appearing with John McLaughlin and the Mahavishnu Orchestra, Chick Corea, Jaco Pastorius, Wayne Shorter and Weather Report, and Allan Holdsworth.  After being mentored by Quincy Jones, he transitioned into a role as a songwriter and producer, working in the 1980s and 1990s with numerous R & B acts such as Whitney Houston, Aretha Franklin, Mariah Carey, as well as other singers across a number of genres.  In 2020, he became the drummer for Journey, replacing Steve Smith. In 2021, he became one of two drummers in the band alongside the returning Deen Castronovo prior to leaving in 2022. He appears on the band's album Freedom (2022), having co-produced and played on the album before his departure.

Paragraph 7: Command guidance has the advantage of isolating most of the equipment for the missile guidance at the launcher, where size and weight are significantly less important. In these systems, the radar that provides guidance is on the ground or ship and the missile lacks an independent guidance system. Typically two radars are used, one tracking the target and another the missile, so that they can fly independent and widely separated paths. A computer then calculates the position and velocity of the two and calculates an intercept point. The same computer then calculates the control inputs needed to fly the missile to that point and sends any required corrections to the missile via a radio signal, often using the radar tracking the missile as the radio signal.

Paragraph 8: Lehnsherr becomes protector and president of an island of mutants in exile, Genosha. He is visited by a Jean Grey in distress. She asks him how he managed to stop hurting people; he explains that he stopped killing because he had already slain many in revenge and it ultimately didn't make him feel any better. He notices blood on her shirt and asks whose blood it is, but she refuses to answer. U.S. military forces arrive, but the target turns out to be Jean and not Lehnsherr, and she responds violently, forcing Lehnsherr  to use his own powers to stop her from doing further damage. After she forces the troops to withdraw, Lehnsherr banishes Jean from Genosha, explaining that he's protecting its citizens from her. Hank McCoy then seeks Lehnsherr out, revealing that she killed Raven, and he now wants Lehnsherr's help in finding the out of control Jean to put an end to her rampage. After some more talk, Lehnsherr retrieves a duplicate of his old helmet that En Sabah Nur made for him and prepares for the confrontation. Erik meets Charles Xavier and some of the X-Men outside the house where Jean is; Xavier warns Erik that if the public sees the mutants fighting each others on the street, they will see them as "violent freaks", and all they had achieved for mankind's tolerance of them may be lost. In spite of this, Hank, Erik and a few of his Genoshian compatriots prepare to storm the mansion, causing the very damage Xavier warned them about. Inside the mansion, Erik finds Jean in company with Vuk, a woman unknown to him. He attempts to kill Jean, but she fights back, breaks his helmet and telekinetically throws him out of the building. Lehnsherr and his fellow mutants are captured by the military, who put collars on them to negate their powers and put them on a train. Unknown assailants arrive, in league with Vuk; they are all revealed to be alien shapeshifters who once lost their home planet to the Phoenix Force and now hope to exploit the flawed Jean, its newest host, with the hopes of clearing the Earth to be their new home. After the military is bested, a soldier on board disables the mutants' collars, allowing them to defeat the aliens. After the battle, Erik meets with Charles as a friend, bringing with him a chess board and finally reconciles from their old differences.

Paragraph 9: A direct result of the merging of the two competitions can still be seen in the qualification rules for the ATP World Tour Finals, which included one notable difference from those of the prior ATP Tour World Championship. The Tour World Championship was meant to include the top eight players on the ATP computer rankings at the end of a season, even though this could mean the exclusion of a Grand Slam champion who had not been able to earn sufficient ranking points in the rest of the year. Present Finals rules ensure the participation of a Grand Slam champion who is unable to earn a top eight ranking at the end of the season and automatic qualification for the top seven players in the computer rankings. The eighth ranked player, however, qualifies only if all Grand Slam singles champions are among the top eight. Any Grand Slam event champion who is not in the top eight but is still in the top twenty is included to the detriment of the eighth ranked player. This situation occurred at the 2004 Tennis Masters Cup, where Andre Agassi, the 8th ranked player in the ATP Champions Race, was excluded from the event in favor of Gastón Gaudio, who had won that year's French Open but was ranked 10th at the end of the year.

Paragraph 10: While the mounted troops pursued the beaten enemy, 74th (Y) Division paused and re-equipped with winter clothing for the next phase of the campaign. By 25 November the division was about four days' march behind the fighting line, but it was brought up for the advance into the Judaean Hills towards Jerusalem. The Turks launched strong counter-attacks on 27 and 28 November, and 74th (Y) Division began arriving to reinforce the position on 29 November, 231st Bde having marched 12 out of the previous 18 hours. Coming under 52nd (L) Division the brigade took over scattered positions from the remnants of 8th Mounted Brigade. 25th (Montgomery and Welsh Horse Yeomanry) Battalion, Royal Welch Fusiliers, of 231st Bde was ordered to advance through Et Tire and occupy a line from 'Point 1750' (which did not exist) to the village of Foqa (which 52nd (L) Divisional HQ did not realise had been abandoned the previous night). A company of 24th Welsh was sent up in support. After a gallant defence, 25th RWF was driven back out of Foqa and Et Tire. 24th Welsh was ordered to fill the gap between the presumed Point 1750 and the 10th (Shropshire & Cheshire Yeomanry) Bn King's Shropshire Light Infantry (KSLI), and then to recapture Et Tire in the morning. After a long night march on 30 November the battalion attacked and temporarily recaptured Et Tire next day, but was under enfilade fire and the position was untenable. 24th Welsh fell back to the high ground and began building a defensive line of stone sangars. 231st and 229th Bdes had difficulty forming a solid defensive front in the confused country. However, on 8 December the EEF launched its final attack on Jerusalem. 74th (Y) Division's surprise attack on a narrow front was supported by flanking fire from 231st Bde in the Nebi Samwil defences (confused by the fact that there were also Turkish machine guns concealed in the ruined village). Next day Jerusalem surrendered and the division was then engaged in road-making for most of the month while the EEF defended Jerusalem against Turkish counter-attacks. 74th (Y) Division resumed its advance on 27 December, 24th Welsh launching an attack on Hill 1910. They were driven off it before they could consolidate the position, but renewed the attack and held the hill after fierce hand-to-hand fighting. By 31 December the EEF had established a strong defence line covering Jerusalem. The division then went into reserve and resumed roadbuilding. The 24th Welsh remained guarding Jerusalem and Bethlehem while the rest of 231st Bde played a minor role in the capture of Jericho on 19–20 February 1918.

Paragraph 11: The first film presented a contemporary arrangement by Victor le Masne of the National Anthem of France performed by the Orchestre National de France, led by the conductor Chloé Dufresne. The anthem was also performed by musicians simulating a typical day in Paris and place in many known places across the city, as the choices made to represent all the values of the French Republics and specific points of the Paris 2024 Summer Olympic Games, such as the roof of Stade de France (which will host athletics, football, rugby 7's and the closing ceremonies) as the main venue of the Games, the Escalier Daru at the Louvre museum main entrance, where musians played xilophones ahead of the giant sculpture of the Winged Victory of Samothrace is placed, referring to the return of the Olympic Games of the Modern Era to the city where the modern Olympics ideals were born making a link with the ancient Greece and the fact that the goddess Niké appears on the side of the crown of all Summer Olympic medals, the Place du Vert-Galant symbolizing that these games will be green and respect the environment, Pont Neuf (as the oldest standing structure at the city, as a signal that traditional and modern values can walk together), La REcyclerie (symbolizing innovation, renewal and the vision of the future for the Games and that this specific edition will be more sustainable, innovative and cleaner than ever as far as possible)  and the last place was the Skatepark, Diderot at the Seine-Saint-Denis comune (this place symbolizes the concept of world reunion, youth as skateboarding is the youngest sport in the Games's program and that they will be the first, after the COVID-19 pandemic and that the city of Paris and France are always reinventing themselves with youthness, and always accompanies the modernity tendencies with a space of innovation and the fact that these will be 100% urban and sustainable games, hosted within the present urban space and that area will be the main hotspot of the Games.). This chosen places presented all the concepts used at the planing of this edition of the Summer Olympic Games. The Paris 2024 Summer Games will be totally urban, innovative and creative, with the sporting events held mostly within the urban circle and the main sights will be involved and will turned into provisory competition venues and also the three verb tenses of Latin languages: past, present and future. The performance of the Marseillaise finished when the French European Space Agency astronaut Thomas Pesquet played the last few notes of the anthem on his saxophone from the International Space Station, just as it was flying over Tokyo and Japan and the sunlight was already positioning itself to reach France.

Paragraph 12: After writing a few more novels with moderate success, Hartley wrote The Go-Between in just five months. Having left his previous publisher after disputes over compensation, he decided to publish this one with Hamish Hamilton. Critics' reviews were enthusiastic, and Knopf immediately wanted to publish the novel in the United States. There, it became extremely popular and even made The New York Timess bestseller list. The novel was translated into Italian, French, Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, Finnish and Japanese. Hartley gained favour with other writers as well. W. H. Auden read the book and told Hartley that he was his favourite novelist. Many of Hartley's friends drew parallels between him and the main character Leo; just like Hartley, Leo was stuck between his middle-class upbringing and his high-class social circle. Leo also comes to understand near the end of his life that being alone is not something he wants, wishing that he was married instead. (This theme would be repeated in Hartley's later works.) Hartley had intended The Go-Between to be a commentary on the loss of innocence and morality; however, he was shocked when he found that many readers sympathized with the characters he thought should be hated. He was known to be a strict moralist, once describing compassion as doing away with moral worth and a substitute for justice.

Paragraph 13: Claude Frizzell Bloodgood III (alias: Klaus Frizzel Bluttgutt III; July 14, 1937 – August 4, 2001) was a controversial American chess player. As a young man, he got into trouble with the law and was arrested several times. He was sentenced to death in 1970 after having been convicted of murdering his mother, although this sentence was later commuted to life in prison. While in prison, he remained a very active chess player, playing a large number of correspondence games and rated games with other inmates. Over time, he achieved a very high ranking in the United States Chess Federation (USCF) by playing in a closed pool, which was due to rating manipulation. He died in prison in 2001.

Paragraph 14: The emergency department now treats 28,065 persons each year, while the hospital also houses the major transplantation service for Ontario, performing heart, lung, kidney, liver, pancreas, and small intestine, amongst others, for patients referred from all over Canada. The hospital is the largest organ transplant center in North America, performing 639 transplants in 2017. The hospital is also renowned for cardiac and thoracic surgery. The world's first single and double lung transplants were performed at TGH in 1983 and 1986 and the world's first valve-sparing aortic root replacement was done by Tirone David at Toronto General Hospital in 1992. The Lung Transplant program is currently the largest in the world, performing 167 lung transplants in 2017. In 2015, surgeons performed the world's first triple organ transplant (lung, liver and pancreas) in 19 year old Reid Wylie at Toronto General Hospital. TGH teaches resident physicians, nurses, and technicians; it also conducts research through the Toronto General Research Institute.

Paragraph 15: Caroni County was a historic county of Trinidad and Tobago. It occupies  in the west central part of the island of Trinidad, the larger island in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.  It lies south and southwest of Saint George County, west of Nariva County and north of Victoria County.  To the west it is bounded by the Gulf of Paria. County Caroni includes the towns of Chaguanas, the largest town (by population) in the country and Couva, the capital of the Couva–Tabaquite–Talparo region.  Administratively it is divided between the Borough of Chaguanas, the Region of Couva–Tabaquite–Talparo and the Region of Tunapuna–Piarco. The county was divided into four Wards: Chaguanas, Couva, Cunupia and Montserrat. The major towns of County Caroni are Chaguanas and Couva.  The port and industrial zone of Point Lisas is located in Caroni, and the region is also a site for agriculture.

Paragraph 16: The Latin work De Bello Belgico (invoking Caesar's classic) of the Italian Jesuit historian Famiano Strada (1572–1649) became popular throughout Europe and was translated into many languages. Strada first published it in Rome as De Bello Belgico decades duae between 1632 and 1647, the first 'decade' in 1632, the second in 1641. The first set of ten books (the first 'decade') covered the period from Charles V's abdication in 1555 to the death of Don Juan of Austria in October 1578. The second set of ten books (the second 'decade') covered the time from the start of Alexander Farnese's government in October 1578 to the conquest of Rheinberg (30 January 1590). A third volume is said to have been prevented from publication by Spanish authorities. Strada's first volume was translated to Dutch as De thien eerste Boecken der Nederlandsche oorloge and published in Amsterdam in 1646, the second as De tweede thien boeken der Nederlandsche oorlogen in Amsterdam in 1649; both parts in Rotterdam in 1655 titled De thien eerste Boecken der Nederlandtsche oorloge and Het Tweede Deel der Nederlandtsche Oorlogen. Pierre du Ryer published both volumes in French under the title Histoire de la guerre de Flandre (Paris 1650). The first decade of the De Bello Belgico was translated into English by Sir Robert Stapylton under the title of The History of the Low-Countrey Warres (London 1650). There were many editions of the original Latin, and continuations were prepared by G. Dondini and A. Gallucci, an Italian translation by C. Papini and P. Segneri (Rome 1638–49, 2 v.), and a Spanish edition by Melchior de Novar (Cologne 1681, 3 v.). Scifoni (1849) stated that 'Strada's work will hold a distinct place among the historical works of the 17th century', despite its 'useless digressions, the insignificant peculiarities and the abuse of comparisons, sentences and all the vain formulas marked by the oratory style'. Strada made extensive use of the Farnese family archives (now destroyed), and was very critical of Alba's performance in fighting the rebels in the Netherlands. According to Reijner (2020), Strada and Guido Bentivoglio were far from the only Italian historians writing about the Eighty Years' War: an unusually high number of them from across the peninsula, such as Florence and Genoa, used the revolt happening in the Habsburg Netherlands for their own purposes in arguing against the dominance of the Spanish Habsburgers in (northern) Italy. In return, Netherlandish historiographers and opionmakers thankfully cited the works of Strada, Bentivoglio and other Italian authors in support of their arguments against Spain.

Paragraph 17: Dirty jokes were once considered subversive and underground, and rarely heard in public. Comedian Lenny Bruce was tried, convicted, and jailed for obscenity after a stand up performance that included off-color humor in New York City in 1964. Comedian and actor Redd Foxx was well known in nightclubs in the 1960s and 1970s for his raunchy stand-up act, but toned it down for the television shows Sanford and Son and The Redd Foxx Comedy Hour, stating in the first monologue of the latter show that the only similarity between the show and his nightclub act was that "I'm smoking". American society has become increasingly tolerant of off-color humor since that time. Such forms of humor have become widely distributed and more socially acceptable, in part due to the mainstream success in the 1970s and 1980s of comedians like Peter Cook and Dudley Moore's alter-egos Derek and Clive, Dolemite, and Andrew Dice Clay. George Carlin and Richard Pryor have used it as an effective tool for social commentary.

Paragraph 18: After entering the park, the band of Nez Perce moved up the Madison and Firehole Rivers to the Lower Geyser Basin near Fountain Flats.  A small scouting party of Nez Perce led by Yellow Wolf led the way.  In the late afternoon of August 23, Yellow Wolf's scouts captured John Shively at the confluence of the East Fork of the Firehole River (Nez Perce Creek)  and the Firehole River. They forced him to act as a guide for the Nez Perce through Yellowstone. On the morning of August 24, Yellow Wolf's scouting party rode into the Radersburg party camp and forced the group to accompany them up the Mary Mountain trail east toward the Yellowstone River to the main Nez Perce camp. By noon, upon the advice of Poker Joe, the Nez Perce chiefs decided to allow the party to leave and head west out of the park, but only on the condition that they abandon all their supplies and horses to the Nez Perce, which they did.  About 30 minutes after they were released and on their way west down the edges of the Mary Mountain trail, the party encountered a group of 20-30 Nez Perce stragglers who wanted to return the tourists into the hands of the chiefs.  Shooting erupted, George Cowan was shot point blank in the head and Albert Oldham suffered a painful face wound.  The remainder of the party was unhurt and scattered into the forest to the north. Upon learning of the encounter, a Nez Perce chief came to the rescue of several of the tourists.  Frank Carpenter, Ida Carpenter and Emma Cowan were returned to the Nez Perce camp and given the protection of Chief Joseph.  On August 25, the Nez Perce continued east to Trout Creek on the Yellowstone river in what is today known as Hayden Valley.  By late afternoon on the 25th, the Nez Perce has crossed the Yellowstone near Mud Volcano at what became known as Nez Perce Ford.  During the day Nez Perce scouts encountered James Irwin hiding in a ravine and brought him into their camp as well. On the evening of August 25, the Nez Perce released the Carpenters, and Emma Cowan giving them two horses. They safely made their way north where they found protection from elements of Lt. Doane's 2nd cavalry near Mount Washburn. James Irwin and John Shively remained as guides for the Nez Perce. Over the next couple of days, other members of the Radersburg party made their way out of the park via the Madison River and into the safety of General Howard's forces at Henry's Lake. On August 30, Howard's forces, moving up the Madison river, found George Cowan and Albert Oldham alive, but in poor condition.

Paragraph 19: After the Battle of Jiangling in 209, Cao Cao left Li Dian, Zhang Liao and Yue Jin to defend Hefei, a strategic location at the border between Cao Cao and Sun Quan's territories. Around 214, when Sun Quan led his forces to attack Hefei, Zhang Liao wanted to lead their troops out of the city to resist the enemy. However, Zhang Liao was aware that the three of them could not get along with each other and he was worried that they would not comply with his orders. Zhang Liao said, "Our lord is away at war. By the time his reinforcements reach here, we're already done for. So he's actually instructing us to take advantage of the situation, when the enemy has just arrived and not fully gathered yet, to attack them and devastate their morale so as to calm our men and strengthen our defences. Victory or defeat, it all depends on this battle. Why are the two of you still hesitating?" Li Dian was moved and he said, "This is a national crisis. We'll see how your strategy works out. How can I allow my personal issues take precedence over my official duties?" Zhang Liao, Li Dian and Yue Jin then worked together and succeeded in defeating and driving away Sun Quan's much larger army. Li Dian was rewarded with an additional 100 taxable households in his marquisate, bringing the total number of households to 300.

Paragraph 20: Elections to the Prussian House of Representatives, held on 16 May 1913, highlighted problems caused by the Prussian three class voting system with particular force.   Turnout was just 32.7%.   A year earlier turnout across Germany in the 1912 General Election had been 84.5%.   The size of the difference could not be imputed solely to the higher level of interest generated by national elections than by state-level elections.   Many of those entitled to vote in the 1913 Prussian state election were reported to have stayed away because voting was public:  there was no secret ballot.   Others made clear their conviction that the distortions created by the three class voting system simply made voting a pointless exercise.   On 12 June 1913 Ludwig Frank addressed a public meeting at Berlin-Wilmersdorf:  he called for a general strike, which he saw as the only way to compel the necessary democratisation of the voting system in Germany's largest "state".   In his speech Frank referenced previous strikes in other countries, such as the "Chartist strikes" in the north of England during the 1840s, General strikes in Belgium in 1893, 1902 and 1912 which (eventually) led to universal suffrage, a general strike in Sweden in 1903 and in Italy in 1904.   He also highlighted the mass strikes of 1905 in the Russian empire, seen at the time as a core element in the 1905 revolution which had forced the creation of the Russian Constitution of 1906.   Frank's advocacy of a mass strike to force an end to the Prussian three-class franchise was particularly remarkable because it came from a member of the party leadership in the Reichstag who was widely presumed to be representative of the SPD mainstream.   Less remarkable was the derision that his call immediately earned him from party comrades on the left-wing of the party.   At the very same meeting at Wilmersdorf he came under attack from Rosa Luxemburg, who identified an incompatibility between Frank's willingness to co-operate in a government structure based on what she termed "bloc parties" in his home state of Baden (where, to be fair, the "Dreiklassenwahlrecht" did not apply) and his advocacy of a mass strike to force a change in the voting system in Prussia.   (Luxemburg had already reached the conclusion that there was no possibility of implementing socialist reforms in an imperialist class-bound state.)   Frank's retort was that he had never represented a "Politik der Phrase", but always a "Politik der Tat" - in effect, he was content to be judged by his actions and not simply by empty rhetoric.   Frank's proposal to force the dismantling of the Prussian three-class franchise using mass strikes certainly generated much intense debate within the party:  those who assumed that he presented the idea on behalf of the parliamentary party, or even that it reflected the mood of a majority within the wider labour movement during the years before the First World War, were probably incorrect, however.

Paragraph 21: It was also noted that Frusciante's playing style had changed from his signature 'less is more' style, inspired by punk and new-wave guitarists, to a more flashy approach, not seen extensively in his playing since Mother's Milk, his first album with the band; drawing influence from guitarists such as Eddie Van Halen, Tony Iommi (of Black Sabbath), Jimi Hendrix and Steve Vai to even hip-hop artists such as Wu-Tang Clan. While he received moderate acclaim before Stadium Arcadium, this change in style gained him far more recognition than before. Frusciante's approach to guitar on Stadium Arcadium was influenced by progressive rock group The Mars Volta and R&B singer Brandy. Of Brandy, Frusciante says "she's doing something different, she's doing so many vocals that there is never a space. Whenever one voice stops, another one does something in its place. There's very little space, and there are so many vocal parts that are breathy, you don't know what you're listening to. There is so much going on, you can't hear her voice with your conscience, you have to hear it with your subconscience. Some of them have a watery sound, then metallic, she really creates a lot of dimension with her voice. I'm impressed with that." Of The Mars Volta, Kiedis states: "John's always had an understated confidence, but he likes being loud now, and part of that came from hanging out with The Mars Volta. Omar Rodríguez-López is such a rocker that John was like, 'It's time I let it all hang out.' Being at the forefront, going for the heavy blistering guitar in your face: John's always been capable of that. But he didn't feel it. Now he feels it." Rodriguez-Lopez appears on the album, performing a guitar solo on the track "Especially in Michigan". Frusciante subsequently appeared on The Mars Volta's next three studio albums and performed a few times live with them as well. Frusciante would also go on to release a joint studio album with Rodriguez-Lopez, Omar Rodriguez-Lopez & John Frusciante, in May 2010.

Paragraph 22: During the 2010s, computer repair shop owner Bruce Doucette, who styled himself as "Superior Court Judge of the Continental uNited States of America" and led a group called "The People's Grand Jury in Colorado", traveled the country to help other sovereign citizens fight local governments and set up their own "common law courts". He was involved in the 2016 Malheur refuge occupation. Doucette and his followers attempted to intimidate sheriffs, prosecutors, judges, and county officials so they would dismiss criminal cases against other sovereign citizens. When these efforts failed, Doucette and his group retaliated against the public officials by engaging in paper terrorism against them with false subpoenas, arrest warrants and property liens, threatening them with "arrest" by their self-appointed "Marshals". Doucette and a number of his associates were arrested in 2017 and charged with multiple felony counts. In May 2018, Doucette was found guilty of participating in a racketeering enterprise, retaliation against several judges and attempting to influence a public servant. He was sentenced to 38 years in prison. Two of his co-defendants were sentenced to 36 and 22 years, respectively. Colorado prosecutors commented that through this verdict, they wished to send a message nationally to sovereign citizens and remind them that threats against local government officials would not be tolerated.

Paragraph 23: This temple is one among the 51 Shakti peethas located on the Indian subcontinent and is a location where one of Sati's limbs, her right arm is considered to have fallen when grief-stricken and agitated Shiva was carrying her dead body round the world on his shoulders, and Vishnu had cut her body into pieces with his Sudarshana Chakra. The story behind this event is that King Prajapati Daksha, father of Sati (the incarnation of Goddess Parvati, wife of Lord Shiva), was performing a yagna (yagna is defined as a Hindu fire ritual sacrifice when deities of the Vedic times like Agni, the fire god, and others were invoked by offering oblations such as ghee (clarified butter), milk, grains and so forth) called as Brihaspatirityadi. Sati (also called Shakti) who was Lord Shiva's wife, attended the function without invitation. Daksha who was not fond of his son-in-law, as he considered him a mendicant, purposely did not invite him for the yagna, while he invited all other gods. Sati felt deeply insulted by the slight shown by her father towards her husband whom she had married out of deep love. Even then she decided to attend the yagna uninvited by her own father. When she went there, her father compounded the insult by totally ignoring her presence and vilifying Shiva. Sati felt deeply humiliated and hurt, and then in frustration she jumped into the yagna fire and committed suicide. When this news was conveyed to Shiva, first he sent his assistant to the site to enquire and take revenge. Shiva also came to the yagna site and created a furor. In a state of grief and anger he put Sati's dead body on his shoulders and started wandering round the universe. Looking at this grave situation, Brahma and Vishnu decided to intervene and bring back Shiva to his normal self. It was then decided that Vishnu will follow behind Shiva, and with his Sudarsha Chakra cut Sati's dead body into pieces. Thus Vishnu cut her into 51 pieces (108 pieces are also mentioned in many Puranic texts) as Shiva traveled around the world and these fifty one body parts of Sati fell at different locations in the subcontinent, and all these places came to be known as Shakthi Peethas (abode of goddess Shakthi or Durga). Her right arm fell on the Saptashrungi hills and the place became holy, and a Shakthi Peeth came to be established here.

Paragraph 24: Paul finally confesses that he did what Josie claimed to keep him from stealing Meg. Meg reminded him that she kept telling him that she was finished with Dusty and that Paul only did it because he cared more about fighting "the same old battles" than he did losing her. She then makes him tell the police the truth. He does and Dusty is freed. He and Josie go to Java to celebrate. When Paul got home, Meg had her suitcase packed saying she's leaving him. Paul pleads for her to reconsider saying their baby needed both parents. But Meg tells Paul their baby needs a mother who isn't afraid to leave her father because he can't be trusted. She then returns to Emma's. A few days later, Meg goes and apologizes to Dusty for what Paul did to him and she should have known he was just lying to her like he always does. She then tells Dusty she's getting a divorce from Paul. Dusty then takes her to Java where they catch Paul harassing Josie. They get him to back off. Later, Josie told Dusty that Paul was harassing her to tell Meg he had a change of heart about hiring Josie and when he told her to stop, she refused because she liked portraying someone she's not, getting the idea from Barbara. Paul even offered Josie money to change her story, but she refused. Paul then overdoses on anxiety pills to get Meg to help him and realize she wanted him, getting the idea from his father's ghost. He leaves her a suicide note and she finds him lying unconscious on the floor at his cabin. Meg desperately tries to revive him but gets no response, and tries to drag Paul to safety. This causes her to go into labor. She calls Dusty, who is with Josie at Al's Diner, and tells him of this. He then goes to the cabin and finds Meg going into labor and an unconscious Paul. He calls an ambulance for Paul and tells Meg he'll have to get her to the hospital now. Meg wants to stay to tell the E.M.T.s what Paul overdosed on. Dusty finds the pill bottle and sets it beside Paul, saying now they'll know what Paul overdosed on. He then picks up Meg and takes her to the hospital, where she gives birth to a premature but healthy baby girl, Eliza.

Paragraph 25: This should alert pilots that they may experience lateral/directional control issues during the landing roll-out. In a crosswind landing, the pilot tacks into wind to make allowances for the sideways force that is being applied to the aircraft (also known as using a crab angle). This sideways force occurs as the wind strikes the aircraft's vertical fin causing the aircraft to weathercock or weathervane. This manifests itself as an angular displacement of the fuselage relative to the runway centreline. This angular displacement is known as drift angle. Just before or upon initial ground contact, the pilot must re-align the fuselage to zero the drift angle (i.e. correct it to parallel with the runway's centreline). This re-alignment is accomplished using the rudder flight control surface. As the wheels make contact with the runway surface there are a lot of side forces and torsion placed on the tyres due to them countering the weathervane effect which continues to try to act upon the aircraft. A combination inherent strength of the tyres and the action of the runway surface friction with them ensures that the pilot can continue to keep the aircraft aligned with the runway as the aircraft decelerates during the landing roll. If however the surface friction is diminished because of contamination then this may upset the balance of forces resulting in insufficient directional control to keep the aircraft on the runway. To ensure this does not occur there is a pro-rata reduction in the aircraft's crosswinds limits, which in turn limits the sideways forces acting on the aircraft, thus ensuring sufficient directional control. This is the explanation for approach and landing; for takeoff the converse is true. The rudder applies a force to counter the crosswind forces as the aircraft accelerates down the runway. At the same time the tyres are accommodating these forces through sidewall torsion, and giving grip with the runway surface. As the aircraft transitions from a ground vehicle to a flying vehicle rudder input is stopped by the pilot and the aircraft will weathervane. The subsequent drift angle will allow the aircraft to fly on a straight course.

Paragraph 26: Upon reaching Kyoto the group takes one final rest to mourn Minokichi as well as talk about their plan. Tenkai also takes this time to reminiscence about his past. They enter Kyoto for the final showdown, now consumed in Genma energies while they sally forth, Roberto, Tenkai, and Ohatsu remain behind to face the resurrected Genma Triumvirate while Jubei settles things with Munenori after he ingested enough Genma Insects to possess the power of both the Genma and his Oni heritage. Soki reaches Hideyoshi, who reveals to possess the Genma Seed that would allow him to become the vessel to the Genmas' god. However, upon being defeated, a mortally wounded Hideyoshi is betrayed by Ophelia as she rips the Genma Seed out of him before she is destroyed by Lady Yodo, whose soul was sealed in the Mother Genma Tree as it attempts to consume everyone within its reach. Though the group save Yodo and Soki makes peace with his dying father, the group find that Munenori stole the Genma Seed during the commotion and resurrects the God of Light: The Genma Lord Fortinbras, who was previously resurrected by Nobunaga before being killed by Samanosuke decades earlier. Tenkai gives Soki his gauntlet, which contains the soul of another Genma Lord, to give Soki enough power to destroy Fortinbras before he is fully reborn. But the attempt fails as Fortinbras, killing Munenori when he attempts to assassinate him for power, is revealed to be the mysterious man in white. Refusing to bow before the omnipotent foe despite the odds, Soki manages to kill Fortinbras after a hard fought battle. Afterwards, sensing that it is his destiny Soki slowly ascends into the Omen Star before Jubei awakens and persuades him to stop. Soki passes through an invisible barrier and Jubei desperately tries to awake the others. As Soki gets near the top he turns to Jubei and tells her that if the blossoms come back again the following year, to remember to think about him. Jubei cries out that she can't hear him and he disappears into the Omen Star, dying in the process.

Paragraph 27: The term "Sagebrush Rebellion" was coined during fights over designation of National Wilderness lands, especially in western states, especially after the US Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management conducted required surveys of plots of public lands of at least  that had had roads removed after 1972 for the potential designation as part of the National Wilderness Preservation System. The process was known as the "Roadless Area Review and Evaluation" (RARE, or later, RARE I). The RARE process developed significant opposition from both environmental groups and public lands users and was challenged in federal court. The results of RARE I were nullified by the courts for lack of uniform criteria for evaluation of lands and other procedural problems. A second review started in 1977, known as RARE II, and involved more than 60 million acres (24 million km²) of wildland under federal jurisdiction. RARE II was completed in 1979, but the effort was largely sidelined during the presidency of Ronald Reagan, who was elected in 1980.  Reagan declared himself a sagebrush rebel in an August 1980 campaign speech in Salt Lake City and told the crowd, "I happen to be one who cheers and supports the Sagebrush Rebellion. Count me in as a rebel." Reagan faced opposition from conservation organizations. The struggle persists today after changing form with the "wise use movement" in 1988. Even so, Congress has designated several wilderness areas since 1981, sometimes by using data acquired through the RARE processes.

Paragraph 28: Laura Veccia Vaglieri () suggests that the caliphate of Ali would have endangered certain well-established interests because he did not view Abu Bakr and Umar as entirely aligned with the Quran and the Sunna. Aslan has a similar opinion, while McHugo adds that Ali would have opened the leadership to the Ansar and others, thus ending the privileged status of the Quraysh. Along these lines, Anthony views Ali's refusal to follow the first two caliphs as evidence of his censure of their rule. Shaban notes that Ali's refusal made him a rallying point for the opposition movement, adding that the wealthy Uthman was possibly selected to guard the Meccan interests. Likewise, Kennedy suggests that Ali refused to follow the precedent of Abu Bakr and Umar because he might have realized that the Quraysh's domination was dividing the community and wished to open the leadership for other groups, especially the Ansar, with whom he had links. Uthman, in contrast, was a wealthy Meccan merchant with good ties with the Quraysh elite. Some contemporary authors go further, suggesting that Ibn Awf's question was designed to weed out Ali, as he was well aware of Ali's disagreements with the past two caliphs and that he would have inevitably rejected the second condition. For Afsaruddin, however, the (Sunni) accounts of Uthman's appointment convey that the third caliph was expected at the time to follow Abu Bakr and Umar.

Paragraph 29: Qiao Xuan later became the Chancellor () of the Qi State (齊國; around present-day Zibo, Shandong). On one occasion, he committed an offence and stripped of his post and sent to perform hard labour. After serving his sentence, he was allowed to rejoin the civil service and appointed as the Administrator () of Shanggu Commandery (上谷郡; around present-day Yanqing District, Beijing) and later as the Administrator of Hanyang Commandery (漢陽郡; around present-day Tianshui, Gansu). While he was in office, Qiao Xuan heard that Huangfu Zhen (), the Prefect () of Shanggui County (上邽縣; in present-day Tianshui, Gansu), was guilty of corruption. He had Huangfu Zhen arrested, flogged, and head shaved bald. Huangfu Zhen later died in Ji County (冀縣; present-day Gangu County, Gansu). This incident shocked everyone in the region. Around the time, Qiao Xuan heard of Jiang Qi (), a famous man who lived in Shanggui County, and wanted to recruit him to join the civil service. Jiang Qi claimed that he was ill and declined. Qiao Xuan was angered, so he sent Yin Yi () to pressure Jiang Qi into agreeing. He threatened to make Jiang Qi's mother marry another man if he refused again. Yin Yi conveyed Qiao Xuan's threat to Jiang Qi but Jiang still declined and claimed that he was sick. The Counsellors () in the commandery came to see Qiao Xuan and managed to persuade him to stop forcing Jiang Qi. This incident became the subject of jokes at the time. Qiao Xuan resigned on the grounds that he was ill. Shortly after, he joined the civil service again as a Chief Clerk () to the Minister over the Masses (). He was subsequently promoted to Court Architect ().

Paragraph 30: During the "Iron Man 2020" arc, Sunset Bain calls up Arno Stark about the robots acting up. At Bain Tower, Sunset is approached by Dr. Bhang and his cat Dr. Shapiro on wanting to see Jocasta where they are denied. She takes the translation collar that is the actual Dr. Shapiro claiming that the A.I. Army would take control of it. Machinesmith shows Machine Man and Quasimodo the news that Arno Stark and Sunset Bain are using Baintronics to acquire a robotics factory and destroy it to avoid the A.I. Army from acquiring new members much to the dismay of Machine Man. In Sunset Bain's helicopter, Dr. Andrew Bhang informs Sunset Bain that the robots like animatronic mascots and room-bots are protesting on the streets. While stating that they are heading to Baintronics to tear it down, Sunset Bain figures out that Dr. Bhang is the A.I. Army's mole where he has been feeding information to Bethany Cabe who has been feeding it to Mark One. Dr. Bhang admits to Sunset Bain that he is just helping the A.I. Army because of the robot slavery. She has Dr. Bhang deposited on the roof where his stuff is while fire him as she vows that he will not work in this sector again. During Machine Man's confrontation with X-52 and Jocasta, it was mentioned by X-52 that Sunset Bain is no longer operating as Madame Menace. At Bain Tower, Sunset Bain meets with defense leaders of different countries where she states to them that the A.I. Army has scattered as well as the development of the Iron Legion. Sunset Bain later goes to Arno Stark's work station where he is working on reviving his parents by recreating the Arsenal and Motherboard bodies from the eScape as well as a new way to regain control of the rebellious robots since the obedience code can either be blocked or corrupted. Arno reveals to Sunset that she is an A.I. when he had to fix the tiny scar on her face as it shows her and some other people in stasis pods. Her body is disintegrated by her A.I. counterpart who dislikes competition.