Paragraph 1: When the show begins, Roman Catholic Honey (Cynthia Belliveau in seasons 1–3, and Laura Bruneau, seasons 4–5) is married to Presbyterian Jack Bailey. They own a small town hardware store, but it is forced into bankruptcy when the bank calls their loan. They return to Jack's mother's home, revealing Jack is from a privileged upbringing. Jack finds the visit intolerable with his overbearing mother, May, and retreats with his family to their summer cabin by the lake. Upon cleaning the house out, Jack encounters a nest of hornets that quickly overtake him. Honey and the children try to get him back to town, but he succumbs to the stings and dies soon after. While at May's house, Honey desperately tries to find work to no avail. May also forces Honey to give up her baby daughter, Violet, to the care of distant relatives, telling her that the judge would find her unfit should she try to fight it. Honey never fully understood the arrangement May had offered the relatives regarding Violet, that she was up for a full adoption. Not finding work in New Bedford, Honey decides she must leave the boys with May while she looks for work elsewhere. She lives with her brother in North Bridge for a while. She got a job, but her brother sold the building the apartment was in, stole her money, and left town without telling her. She then worked in a garment factory in Toronto, but lost it following a near-death illness. To recuperate, she reluctantly went back to May's, and is briefly romantically pursued by a cocky local constable from England. She is given an office job at the mine, May's mine, and soon creates a following in the town as a hairdresser. She makes friends in the small town, one of whom lives in the house, Grace, May's adult daughter. Grace is also a savior to the boys on many occasions. Honey and the boys suffered months of May's manipulations, including the near-kidnap of her daughter, Violet, to Florida. Honey takes her children to live in the back room of the local laundry. She loses her job at the mine, but gains a very part-time one at the laundry. She also loses all of her hairdressing clients. Max Sutton, a man of whom she had grown quite fond, asks her to marry him, to which she agrees. He then tentatively accepts a teaching job in Albany, NY. May is beyond distressed that Honey would take her grandsons away. She tries first to manipulate the school board into letting Max keep his job, but after they had fired him for her, they refused. She then goes to her son to try to convince him to give Honey her job back at the mine. This also does not work. Her last resort is to try to make a gift of the house Honey had been saving to buy, but May had purchased it out from under her so she could not have it and Honey declined the gift. At the last minute, Max receives a job offer that could keep them in New Bedford, something Honey's second son, Henry, or Fat, really wants to do. His youth and naivete allowed him to often see the good of May's heart and he openly explained he did not want to leave because he knew it would hurt her if they did.

Paragraph 2: The flowers found within the figs of F. insipida are pollinated by the females of tiny wasps belonging to the genus Tetrapus, which complete much of their lifecycle within the developing figs. The female wasps are weak-jawed, and rely on the males to free them from their figs and individual fruit in which they develop and pupate, but only the females are winged, and can thus fly to the next fig to lay their eggs. The males develop first, they are wingless but have stronger jaws, which they use to chew their way to freedom from their host ovule. Once free, they chew free the females, copulating with them while the females are still largely trapped in their ovules -this ensures each female has sex, females which do not copulate will only produce males as offspring. The males also chew holes through the walls of the fig and open up the ostiole (a small opening at the apex of the fig), allowing the females to escape. Meanwhile, the male flowers within the fig finally shed their pollen, which adhere to the females in specialised pockets or simply onto their body surface. The females search for a new fig in which to lay their eggs, and upon arriving upon one must embark upon their greatest challenge: forcing their way within through the ostiole. Although the wasps are quite minuscule, they nonetheless regularly undertake reasonable journeys, as can be seen in the genetic structure of the fig tree populations: there is clear evidence of abundant outcrossing in the nuclear DNA (which is transported in the pollen dusted on the females, as opposed to mitochondrial DNA). The ostiole is barred by a series of bracts, but unlike in many other Ficus species, only the uppermost ostiolar bracts are interlocking and patent, with the inner bracts positioned inward and relatively open, thus forming a long slit-like tunnel allowing access to the central cavity. Nevertheless, entering the cavity is a strenuous task, and the females are often die in the tunnel, or are damaged by the ordeal, with their wings invariably torn off from forcing their way through the bracts. Once inside, the females inject their eggs with their ovipositor, through the styles of the correct length, into the ovules: one egg an ovule. While doing so, the females pollinate the other flowers when walking around on the synstigmatic surface. The seeds and the larvae mature in a few weeks, at approximately the same rate.

Paragraph 3: The system originated in the 19th century to help out professional cricketers who were paid low wages and generally could not play professional cricket much beyond the age of forty. Early "benefits" typically comprised the gate receipts of a designated match. Nowadays, a benefit season comprises a sequence of events such as dinners and auctions of memorabilia over the course of the summer cricket season or the whole year in which the relevant cricket season falls. In almost all cases only one player from a club is given a benefit in each season in order to avoid two or more players competing to attract money from the same people. Until recently, players with less service might sometimes be given a "Testimonial" season or match: the difference appears to have been largely semantic, but for almost half a century one of the less financially sound English first-class county clubs, Derbyshire, made a point of not awarding benefits, but giving testimonials instead. The Australian cricketer Colin McCool was awarded a testimonial in 1959, only three years after joining Somerset.

Paragraph 4: The film begins to gain momentum after the wedding, when a series of events seal Chucho's fate. One night at a dance hall, Chucho is dancing with his girlfriend, when his rival Butch Mejia starts to bother him. This results in a bloody knife fight between the two, and Chucho accidentally kills him. After this event, Chucho becomes a fugitive of the police. One night when Jimmy is playing ball with his friends, Chucho is shot dead by the LAPD right in front of Jimmy. Other members of the family learn of Chucho's death when they hear gunshots and rush to a nearby street. As an ambulance arrives to take Chucho's lifeless body away, Paco narrates how Chucho's whole life had been on borrowed time.

Paragraph 5: While still building on traditional models such as the Ricardian framework, the mid 1900s bring forth innovation in international trade theory with the introduction of the Heckscher-Ohlin (H-O) model, developed by Swedish economists Eli Heckscher and Bertil Ohlin from the Stockholm School of Economics. The H-O model advances international trade theory by introducing the concept of factor endowments within a country as well as the underlying causes for differences in comparative costs between countries, while assuming countries will have identical production technologies. The H-O framework finds that countries have differing comparative costs even though they have the same production technologies due to differences in factors of production, such as the geographical abundance of natural resources or population size. Furthermore, what the H-O model concludes is that traded commodities are essentially bundles of factors (land, labor, and capital) and therefore the international trade of commodities is indirect factor arbitrage (Leamer 1995).The H-O model more accurately describes international trade patterns in modern times (post WWII) due to the increased ability of transferring knowledge/ production technologies between countries, mainly focusing on factorial differences such as labor force and resource allocation as to why countries trade with each other.The Ricardian model of comparative advantage has trade ultimately motivated by differences in labour productivity using different "technologies". Heckscher and Ohlin did not require production technology to vary between countries, so (in the interests of simplicity) the "H–O model has identical production technology everywhere". Ricardo considered a single factor of production (labour) and would not have been able to produce comparative advantage without technological differences between countries (all nations would become autarkic at various stages of growth, with no reason to trade with each other). The H–O model removed technology variations but introduced variable capital endowments, recreating endogenously the inter-country variation of labour productivity that Ricardo had imposed exogenously. With international variations in the capital endowment like infrastructure and goods requiring different factor "proportions", Ricardo's comparative advantage emerges as a profit-maximizing solution of capitalist's choices from within the model's equations. The decision that capital owners are faced with is between investments in differing production technologies; the H–O model assumes capital is privately held.

Paragraph 6: The City Dionysia and the Lenaia were celebrated in honour of Dionysus, the god of wine and ecstasy. (Euripides' play The Bacchae offers the best insight into fifth century ideas about this god.) Old Comedy can be understood as a celebration of the exuberant sense of release inherent in his worship. It was more interested in finding targets for satire than in any kind of advocacy. During the City Dionysia, a statue of the god was brought to the theatre from a temple outside the city, and it remained in the theatre throughout the festival, overseeing the plays like a privileged member of the audience. In The Frogs, the god appears also as a dramatic character, and he enters the theatre ludicrously disguised as Hercules. He observes to the audience that every time he is on hand to hear a joke from a comic dramatist like Phrynichus (one of Aristophanes' rivals) he ages by more than a year. This scene opens the play, and it is a reminder to the audience that nobody is above mockery in Old Comedy—not even its patron god and its practitioners. Gods, artists, politicians and ordinary citizens were legitimate targets; comedy was a kind of licensed buffoonery, and there was no legal redress for anyone who was slandered in a play. There were certain limits to the scope of the satire, but they are not easily defined. Impiety could be punished in fifth century Athens, but the absurdities implicit in the traditional religion were open to ridicule. The polis was not allowed to be slandered, but as stated in the biography section of this article, that could depend on who was in the audience and which festival was involved.

Paragraph 7: In 1982, hundreds of Iranian Revolutionary Guards traveled to Lebanon's rugged Bekaa Valley and began training various radical Shiite groups, including Islamic Amal and the Dawa Party. The ongoing civil war and Israel's occupation of southern Lebanon created a radicalizing environment where Hezbollah's religious fanaticism flourished. "The movement gained momentum quickly due to logistical, financial, and military support from both Syria and Iran" and engaged Israel in guerrilla warfare. The physical geography of southern Lebanon is green and hilly with deep valleys, which favored the defender and was ideal for Hezbollah's "classic" guerrilla warfare. Hezbollah's initial tactical choices involved human wave attacks, similar to those used by Iran in the Iran–Iraq War in which some Hezbollah elements participated, and terrorist tactics like kidnappings, aircraft hijackings, and mass-casualty suicide attacks to hurt Israel's resolve to fight. Hezbollah engaged in short raids to harass and kill and did not try to hold territory. Although initially very successful, these choices imposed a heavy cost on the organization in casualties and in public opinion. The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in 1985 said the group's command and control was "virtually non-existent" and described the organization as not a hierarchy but defined by personal loyalties, personal rivalries, and family ties. At this time, operational decisions were inefficiently passed through multiple clerics and imams in Beirut, who were far from the front lines. Hezbollah did have a military structure and separate responsibility for operations, logistics, communications, intelligence, training and recruitment. This lack of a hierarchy was similar to contemporary left-wing liberation movements. Tactics around 1985–1986 were mainly planting landmines, detonating IEDs and occasionally gathering bands of armed men to shoot at the Israelis. Hezbollah was not able to use sniping at this time. An IDF intelligence officer described Hezbollah in the mid-1980s as a "rag-tag group" that "failed every time," and a 2014 review considers the group's tactical performance during this period poor and "very amateurish." The CIA says that prior to spring 1986, the party's attacks were more "undisciplined acts of desperation" rather than military actions.

Paragraph 8: The opening track, "Canned Heat", has "svelte Chic Organisation strings, a percolating bassline and a stomping four-on-the-floor rhythm". The second track, "Planet Home", is a "straight, bass-driven funk" track that has techno influences from "ghostly ambient harmonies to bone-shaking synth bass," and an "out-of-nowhere Latin hustle breakdown". The next track, "Black Capricorn Day", has a "driving funk groove with sassy horn interjections" which tend to "stutte[r] like a record on a turntable", with its lyrics about being depressed.  "Falling" is a "bass driven" acid-jazz ballad track, which is followed by "Destitute Illusion", an instrumental track "swamped in layer upon layer of antique analogue synthesizers", and has the "scratching of DJ D-Zire".

Paragraph 9: On the first episode of Dynamite on October 2, Friedman defeated Brandon Cutler by submission.  The following week on Dynamite, Friedman intervened in the attack of his "best friend" Cody by The Inner Circle, attacking Santana and Ortiz with a steel chair seemingly turning face. At Full Gear, he accompanied Cody in his AEW World Championship match against Chris Jericho. Cody lost the match after MJF threw in the towel when he was caught in the Liontamer and as a result, Cody was no longer allowed to challenge for the AEW World Championship again due to a pre-match stipulation. After the match, MJF turned heel on Cody by giving him a low blow and walked away. Shortly thereafter, MJF found a bodyguard in the debuting Wardlow. On the November 20 episode of Dynamite, MJF and Adam Page were the final two entrants in the inaugural Dynamite Dozen Battle Royale. The two met in a singles match on the following Dynamite, which MJF won. Diamond Dallas Page (DDP) then awarded him the Dynamite Diamond Ring as a prize for defeating Page. On January 15, 2020, at Bash at the Beach, MJF teamed with The Butcher and The Blade to defeat DDP, Dustin Rhodes and Q. T. Marshall. MJF rekindled his rivalry with Cody, and lay down three stipulations that Cody must follow to gain a match against him at Revolution which included not touching MJF till the match happened, facing Wardlow in a steel cage match and receiving ten lashes by MJF on live TV. On the February 5 episode of Dynamite, Cody took the ten lashes from MJF, including one from Wardlow. Cody then went on to beat Wardlow in the first steel cage match in AEW's history on the February 19 episode of Dynamite to make the match against MJF at Revolution official. At Revolution, MJF defeated Cody by pinfall after hitting him on the face with the Dynamite Diamond Ring. MJF then entered a feud with Jungle Boy, defeating him at Double or Nothing with a roll-up. On the May 27 episode of Dynamite, MJF unsuccessfully competed in a battle royal to face Cody for the AEW TNT Championship, being eliminated by Jungle Boy. At Fyter Fest, MJF and Wardlow were defeated by Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus. MJF then moved onto a feud with Jon Moxley, campaigning against Moxley's championship reign and decreed that fans deserved a better champion. The two faced at All Out on September 5, where MJF was defeated, marking his first loss in a singles match.

Paragraph 10: Born on June 17, 1743, in Newburyport, Province of Massachusetts Bay, British America, Lowell graduated from Harvard University in 1760 and read law in 1763. He entered private practice in Newburyport from 1763 to 1771, 1773, and 1775. He was a selectman for Newburyport from 1771 to 1772, in 1774, and in 1776. In the spring of 1774, he signed addresses complimenting royal governors Thomas Hutchinson and Thomas Gage, but made a public apology for doing so at the end of the year. He served in the Massachusetts militia as a major in 1776 during the American Revolutionary War. He continued private practice in Boston, Massachusetts from 1777 to 1778, and from 1779 to 1781. After moving to Boston, Lowell became the leading attorney in Massachusetts representing privateer claims before the Admiralty Court, which formed the basis of his fortune. Of the 1100 privateering claims handled in Boston, Lowell was lead counsel in approximately 700, and assistant counsel in half the rest. He was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1778, and from 1780 to 1782. He was a delegate to the Massachusetts constitutional convention in 1780. He was a delegate to the Congress of the Confederation (Continental Congress) from 1782 to 1783. He was a Judge of the Court of Appeals in Cases of Capture under the Articles of Confederation starting in 1783. He was a member of a commission on the boundary between Massachusetts and New York in 1784. He was a member of the Massachusetts Senate from 1784 to 1785. From his practice of the law and shipping ventures John was able to acquire a large estate and a considerable sum of money throughout his lifetime and despite not being from the richest family growing up he was able to raise the value of the Lowell name.

Paragraph 11: Although much has changed since the very first edition of The Good Food Guide, the ethos of the original book remains. The Good Food Guide is about empowering diners, helping readers to find the very best places to eat and encouraging restaurants to offer the best possible food, service and experience. One change for the better is the now universal condemnation of bootcamp conditions in restaurant kitchens, where bullying and aggression towards staff were commonplace. We take a very strong view on kitchen abuse. In order to encourage supportive and sustainable working environments within the industry, we will temporarily remove any restaurant that is shown to neglect the welfare and mental health of its staff, until we are satisfied that the necessary steps have been taken to change. To promote careers in hospitality, it is important that head chefs, executive chefs and restaurateurs are seen to be working towards good workplace conditions.

Paragraph 12: At length on the death of King Stephen, Henry was recognised as King of England (19 December 1154), as agreed in the Treaty of Wallingford. But then his brother Geoffrey, Count of Nantes, who had received as appanage the three fortresses of Chinon, Loudun and Mirebeau, tried to seize upon Anjou, on the pretext that, by the will of their father, Geoffrey the Handsome, all the paternal inheritance ought to descend to him, if Henry succeeded in obtaining possession of the maternal inheritance. On hearing of this, Henry, although he had sworn to observe this will, had himself released from his oath by the pope, and hurriedly marched against his brother, from whom in the beginning of 1156 he succeeded in taking Chinon and Mirebeau; and in July he forced Geoffrey to give up even his three fortresses in return for an annual pension. Henceforward Henry succeeded in keeping the countship of Anjou all his life; for though he granted it in 1168 to his son Henry the Young King when the latter became old enough to govern it, he absolutely refused to allow him to enjoy his power. After Henry II's death in 1189 the countship, together with the rest of his dominions, passed to his son Richard I of England, but on the death of the latter in 1199, Arthur of Brittany (born in 1187) laid claim to the inheritance, which ought, according to him, to have fallen to his father Geoffrey, fourth son of Henry II, in accordance with the custom by which "the son of the eldest brother should succeed to his father's patrimony." He therefore set himself up in rivalry with John Lackland, youngest son of Henry II, and supported by Philip Augustus of France, and aided by William des Roches, seneschal of Anjou, he managed to enter Angers (18 April 1199) and there have himself recognized as count of the three countships of Anjou, Maine and Touraine, for which he did homage to the King of France. King John soon regained the upper hand, for Philip Augustus, had deserted Arthur by the Treaty of Le Goulet (22 May 1200), and John made his way into Anjou; and on 18 June 1200 was recognized as count at Angers. In 1202 he refused to do homage to Philip Augustus, who, in consequence, confiscated all his continental possessions, including Anjou, which was allotted by the king of France to Arthur. The defeat of the latter, who was taken prisoner at Mirebeau on 1 August 1202, seemed to ensure John's success, but he was abandoned by William des Roches, who in 1203 assisted Philip Augustus in subduing the whole of Anjou. A last effort on the part of John to possess it himself in 1214, led to the taking of Angers (17 June), but broke down lamentably at the Battle of La Roche-aux-Moines (2 July), and the countship was attached to the crown of France.

Paragraph 13: M-Net SuperSport changed its name in 1994 to SuperSport only, to create a more recognizable brand. During that year it broadcast live coverage of South Africa's test cricket series in Australia for the first time. At the same time, Hugh Bladen and Naas Botha — two of the channel's most colourful rugby commentators — joined SuperSport. By that time, its sports coverage became very impressive, including the US Masters, the FA Cup Finals, the Indy 500, the US PGA Championship, Wimbledon, the Tour de France, MotoGP and an ever-expanding rugby package. In 1995, SuperSport started broadcasting 24 hours per day on M-Net's spare channel, the Community Service Network, which paved the way for a 24-hour multi-channel sports network. When rugby became a full professional sport in 1995, most of the broadcasting rights in the Southern Hemisphere were sold to Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation. In response, they started negotiating with NewsCorp in August 1995 and in February the following year, SuperSport was granted sole broadcasting rights to both the Super 12 and Tri Nations rugby tournaments. It was a major breakthrough for the channel as well as SuperSport, which had by then expanded to sports-and-leagues-specific TV channels on DStv and GOtv, MultiChoice's satellite TV services.

Paragraph 14: The Community Service Police serves as the Sudanese religious police. Originally called the Public Order Police, the enforcement agency was established in 1993 by President Omar al-Bashir.[13] The Public Order Law was initiated by the Sudanese government in the state of Khartoum in 1992, and later applied to all states. The name was changed in 2006. The Community Service Police is in charge of enforcing regulations on certain personal behaviors, including indecent clothing, alcohol consumption, offensive acts and seduction, among others.[45] In June 2015, 10 female students were charged with "indecent dress" after exiting their church. All of the women were wearing long-sleeved shirts and either skirts or trousers.[46] In December 2017, 24 women were arrested at a private gathering for wearing trousers. They were later released.[47] Punishment can include flogging and the payment of fines. The Public Order Court, which handles such cases, is a parallel court system which exercises summary judgements.[48] Many Sudanese resent the activity of the religious police as oppressive and arbitrarily intrusive, although it is supported by Salafists and other religious conservatives.[13] Following the July 2019 overthrow of Omar al-Bashir, Sudan began a "transition to democracy". In December 2019, it repealed a public order law that granted police the power to arrest women "who were found dancing, wearing trousers, vending on the streets or mixing with men who weren’t their relatives", who might then be punished by "flogging, fines and, in rare cases, stoning and execution".[49] A 3 September 2020 agreement (as part of a 2019 'legal reform program and rebuilding and developing the justice and rights')[50] declared Sudan "a multi-racial, multi-ethnic, multi-religious and multi-cultural society", where the state would "not establish an official religion" and where no citizen would "be discriminated against based on their religion",[51] thus eliminating the raison d'être for the Community Service Police.

Paragraph 15: The history of CBS in East Texas traces back to the sign-on of the market's first two television stations, Tyler-based KETX (channel 19) and Longview-based KTVE (channel 32) in 1953; the former station shut down due to financial problems in 1954 while the latter followed suit in 1955. After KLTV (channel 7) signed on in October 1954, it carried select CBS programming as part of a shared primary affiliation with ABC and NBC (eventually becoming a full-time ABC affiliate in 1984). CBS would not have a full-time affiliate in the Tyler–Longview market until September 1984, when KLMG-TV (channel 51, now KFXK-TV) signed on the air from Longview; KLMG disaffiliated from the network in April 1991 to become the market's Fox affiliate. For the thirteen years that followed, viewers in the portion of East Texas that KFXK-TV served had to rely on cable or satellite for CBS programming. Most area cable providers imported Shreveport–Texarkana affiliate KSLA, while some cable systems in the western portion of the market carried the network's Dallas–Fort Worth affiliates (KDFW was carried from 1991 until it switched to Fox in July 1995 while affiliate-turned-O&O KTVT was then carried from that point until early 2004); cable systems in Houston County carried Bryan–College Station affiliate KBTX-TV instead.

Paragraph 16: Despite this, the German Panzer forces at the start of World War II appeared not especially impressive. Only 4% of the defense budget was spent on armored fighting vehicle (AFV) production. Guderian had planned for two main tanks: the Panzer III and the Panzer IV, with production starting in 1936 and 1937 respectively. The design work for the Panzer IV had begun in 1935 and trials of prototypes were undertaken in 1937, but by the time of the invasion of Poland only a few hundred 'troop trial' models were available. Development work was then halted and limited production was begun by Krupp in Magdeburg (Grusonwerk AG), Essen and Bochum in October 1939 with 20 vehicles built. However, even that low number could not be sustained, with production dropping to ten in April 1940. Such low production numbers were due to tanks being given a low priority for steel relative to the more conventional needs of an army, such as artillery shells.

Paragraph 17: North of Andalusia, the road curves towards the northwest as it approaches the western terminus of CR 40 (Antioch Road), and then straightens out towards the north as it runs through Heath, where another former segment of SR 15 and Three Notch Road now known as Straughn School Road branches off to the northeast. After the intersection with Barton Road, US 29/SR 15 curves to the northwest again replacing the trajectory of Barton Road itself. From there, a dirt road named CW Green Road branches off northwest of the road. The routes descend along a hill where the run under some power lines, then runs over a culvert before making another left curve and encountering the north end of CW Green Road, which this time is paved. Immediately after this intersection it encounters Covington CR 82 (Haygood Road) and takes it along in a hidden concurrency as it curves to the west. The road crosses another bridge over the Conecuh River and enters Gantt, where it runs straight north, along the way serving as the northern terminus of CR 59 (Point A Road), letting go of another part of CR 82 at Gantt-Red Level Road, and serves as the southern terminus of CR 37 (Oakley-Streak Road). Curving to the northeast, the road passes through Dunns and then runs along the north shore of Gantt Lake eventually passing through Clearview. Maintaining relatively the same trajectory while the coastline of the lake moves away from the road, US 29/SR 15 enters Crenshaw County where it becomes Andalusia Highway and passes through Searight. The road makes a slight curve to the left, but still remains northeast as it passes through Dozier, where it has a blinker-light intersection with Crenshaw CR 77 and becomes Dozier Highway. Further north, it serves as the eastern terminus of SR 106. The road enters the Town of Brantley just west of the intersection with Spring Hill Road and the name changes to West Emmett Avenue, which runs practically to the east until further downtown where it turns left onto an intersection with US 331 and unsigned SR 9 while East Emmett Avenue continues as a local city street. US 29, U.S 331, SR 9 and SR 15 are co-routed until they split at Luverne, specifically at SR 10 (Third Street). US 331 makes a left turn onto West Third Street, while US 29 makes a right turn onto East Third Street. From there US 29 and SR 15 follow SR 10 east as the name changes from East Third Street to Troy Highway, then curves to the northeast into the Crenshaw-Pike County line north of Chrenshaw CR 50 (Camp Ground Church Road). Once in Pike County, the road starts to curve to the east.

Paragraph 18: Nyssa al Ghul (portrayed by Katrina Law) is the daughter of Ra's al Ghul. Nyssa is said to have encountered a dying Sara on Lian Yu after Oliver and Slade's fight on the Amazo, and brought Sara to the League where they became lovers, though her father never approved of their relationship. In season two, when Sara leaves the League, Nyssa works to force her return, threatening her family, but ultimately accepts her departure and later helps Oliver fight Slade's army when Sara decides to return to the League. In season three, when Sara is murdered, Nyssa goes on a vengeance quest to kill Malcolm, correctly assuming he is her killer though he claims otherwise. She befriends Sara's sister, Laurel, but her animosity with Oliver intensifies because he is unwilling to let her execute Malcolm. Nyssa feels betrayed when Raʾs declares Oliver his successor and releases Malcolm, and she leaves Nanda Parbat for Starling City and begins training Laurel. Nyssa is later captured by Oliver, Maseo Yamashiro and a team of assassins to bring her back to Nanda Parbat by force, for stealing the Alpha/Omega virus from the League. Instead of having Oliver kill Nyssa for her betrayal, Raʾs decides that the two should marry, to her evident dismay. However, Nyssa aligns herself with Oliver and his team to save Starling City, defying her father. She later returns to the League under Malcolm's leadership and bows to him despite making it clear that she intends to kill him one day. In season four Nyssa begs Laurel not to use the Lazarus Pit to bring Sara back to life, knowing Sara will return different. When Laurel does so regardlessly, Nyssa retaliates by using a potion Raʾs Al Ghul left to destroy the Pit. Nyssa later escapes and tries to manipulate Oliver into killing Malcolm by leveraging him with the cure to Thea's condition, though this results in war between her and Malcolm. Eventually, Nyssa succeeds when Oliver defeats Malcolm without killing him and Nyssa disbands the League to spite Malcolm and regain Team Arrow's trust. She later returns to attend Laurel's funeral. In season five, Nyssa returns to help Oliver free his friends from Adrian Chase on Lian Yu. She survives Chase's explosion on the island. According to Slade, she went looking for Evelyn Sharpe, who was imprisoned in a cage. In season six, Nyssa helps Team Arrow fight off the Thanatos Guild, assembled by Malcolm before his death on Lian Yu. She departs with Thea Queen and Roy Harper to destroy the three Lazarus Pits that Malcolm discovered. Season seven's flashforwards reveal Nyssa training Oliver and Felicity's daughter Mia Smoak throughout her childhood. Later, in the series finale, it is revealed that the main cause of the estrangement between Nyssa and her father was because of the latter never had accepted his daughter being a lesbian.

Paragraph 19: Stack joined Reading permanently on 30 December 2005, on a two-and-a-half-year contract. During the 2005–06 season, he made four appearances in the League Cup and three in the FA Cup. On 27 October 2006, Stack signed a three-month loan deal with Championship side Leeds United, whose manager Dennis Wise had previously signed Stack for Millwall. The loan deal was extended to the end of the 2006–07 season on 29 January 2007. Stack competed for the starting position with Neil Sullivan, Tony Warner and Casper Ankergren at various points of the season, but Leeds were relegated at the end of the season.

Paragraph 20: AllMusic described the music as "hard to take seriously", noting that "the CD booklet, which contains an acknowledgments section as lengthy and gushy as what you'd find on a teen pop album. Can these guys giving thanks and love to family and friends be the same ones performing aggressive lockstep metal, spewing obscenities, and singing about suicide?" Exclaim! gave the album a negative review, stating that "Despite titles like 'Internal Primates Forever,' '-1,' 'Nothing To Gein,' 'Pharmaecopia' and '(K)Now F(orever)' nothing can improve this pathetic nu-metal drivel" and "The only redeeming quality to this record is the intrusive fretless bass sound that kind of sounds like Les Claypool's noodling." NME gave the album a negative review, describing the album as "An unholy stew, baby, a musical ebola" and that there were "far too many incidences of Rush-style mid-'70s ponce metal 'proper' singing. Think Yes. Think 'Stonehenge' by Spinal Tap. Think prog-rock bollocks, baby!" Revolver put the album on their list 10 Nu-Metal Albums You Need to Own, stating that "the album's prog-rock experimentalism and virtuosic playing hold up amazingly well–even if the rapping on tracks like "Under My Skin" binds 'L.D. 50′ more to nu-metal than to the math-metal tag".

Paragraph 21: The map shows the cities of Catigara (near longitude 180° and latitude 10°S) and Mallaqua (Malacca, near longitude 170° and latitude 20°S) on the western coast of the great peninsula that projects from the southeastern part of Asia, or INDIA MERIDIONALIS (Southern India) as Waldseemüller called it. This peninsula forms the eastern side of the SINUS MAGNUS ("Great Gulf"), the Gulf of Thailand. Amerigo Vespucci, writing of his 1499 voyage, said he had hoped to sail westward from Spain across the Western Ocean (the Atlantic) around the Cape of Cattigara mentioned by Ptolemy into the Sinus Magnus.  Ptolemy understood Cattigara, or Kattigara, to be the most eastern port reached by shipping trading from the Graeco-Roman world to the lands of the Far East. Vespucci failed to find the Cape of Cattigara on his 1499 voyage: he sailed along the coast of Venezuela but not far enough to resolve the question of whether there was a sea passage beyond leading to Ptolemy's Sinus Magnus. The object of his voyage of 1503–1504 was to reach the fabulous spice emporium of "Melaccha in India" (that is, Malacca, or Melaka, on the Malay Peninsula). He had learned of Malacca from one Guaspare (or Gaspard), a pilot with Pedro Álvares Cabral's fleet on its voyage to India in 1500–1501, whom Vespucci had encountered in the Atlantic on his return from India in May 1501. Christopher Columbus, in his fourth and last voyage of 1502–1503, planned to follow the coast of Champa southward around the Cape of Cattigara and sail through the strait separating Cattigara from the New World, into the Sinus Magnus to Malacca. This was the route he understood Marco Polo to have gone from China to India in 1292 (although Malacca had not yet been founded in Polo's time). Columbus anticipated that he would meet up with the expedition sent at the same time from Portugal to Malacca around the Cape of Good Hope under Vasco da Gama, and carried letters of credence from the Spanish monarchs to present to da Gama. The map therefore shows the two cities that were the initial destinations of Amerigo Vespucci and Christopher Columbus in their voyages that led to the unexpected discovery of a New World.

Paragraph 22: The central part (Epicenter and Core Zone) of the site lies atop a partly artificial, east-west acropolis of limestone, and is marked today by over 40 masonry structures surrounding five major plazas. Monumental architecture at the site includes multiple temple-pyramids, up to 12 m tall, including an E-Group (Eastern Shrine) architectural assemblage on Plaza A. The palaces of the royal court of Pacbitun are concentrated on Plazas B and C, while an early ceremonial ballcourt is located in Plaza E. The site has multiple elevated causeways (sacbeob) which radiate outward to monumental architectural complexes, including a terminus complex (Structure 10) at the end of the Mai Sacbe. Another causeway (Tzib Sacbe) runs as much as 1 km from the site center. The fragmentary remains of at least 20 monuments (13 stelae and 7 altars, to date) are mostly plain (and perhaps originally painted), with two carved monuments bearing partial hieroglyphic texts. Stela 6, found badly shattered atop Plaza A, has been reconstructed. It depicts a seated Maya ruler, with a Long Count date of 9.2.10.0.0 (March 22, 485 CE), one of the earliest monuments from the eastern Lowlands. A carved fragment of Altar 3 bears the lower half of an ornately dressed, human figure standing atop two hieroglyphs. One of these may represent the Pacbitun toponym of “Sky Cave”, which also occurs on a Late Classic carved slate monument (Stela 21) at the larger center of Caracol, about 50 km to the south.  A number of subterranean, limestone caves, virtually all showing signs of ancient Maya use, have been identified in the Pacbitun Periphery Zone. The caves and other karst features (rockshelters, bedrock outcrops, etc.) investigated in the Pacbitun region were used utilized by the Late Preclassic-Early Classic period and activities continued even after the centre was abandoned. The Late to Terminal Classic period saw the most evidence of subterranean use, and many of the caves and rockshelters near Pacbitun were extensively modified over that span. The modifications include broken formations, formal architecture, and large buried caches. Materials from the caves dating to the Middle Preclassic and earlier, as well as those from the Postclassic through Colonial periods, are limited. Nevertheless, Pleistocene period giant sloth remains were found in Actun Lak Cave, and the continuation of Maya settlement at nearby Tipu through the Colonial period indicates that the caves in Pacbitun region hold potential for signs of use during these earlier and later times.

Paragraph 23: In October 2015, Gerber launched The American Bystander, an all-star print humor quarterly. The magazine was an immediate hit, garnering strongly positive reviews in The New York Times and Newsweek, which hailed Bystander as "the last great humor magazine." As of January 2020, Bystander's thirteen issues have raised over $290,000 via crowdfunding and subscriptions on Patreon. Gerber currently serves as Editor & Publisher, personally handling all aspects of the venture. This auteurist method is somewhat unique in publishing; Gerber refined and perfected it with Barry Trotter and his other large-scale parodies of the 90's and 00's. In addition to providing an old-style closeness between editor and audience (as with Hugh Hefner and Stan Lee), its efficiency allows Bystander to pay its contributors.

Paragraph 24: Shahibaug or Shahibagh, or the Royal Garden palace, was built in 1622 by Shah Jahan then (1616-1622) Viceroy of Ahmedabad, to give work to the poor during a season of scarcity. The palace is now known as Moti Shahi Mahal. The Shahibaug gardens were in the seventeenth century famous, the resort of the whole city, and one of its chief ornaments. A century and a half later (1781), though the well was in ruins and the fountains and water-courses broken, the gardens could still boast of some noble cypresses, cedars, palms, sandals, and cassias, with mango, tamarind, and other spreading fruit trees. Besides the Shahi Baug gardens, there was, a little beyond, an older garden called the Andhari Badi, or dark garden, with large ruins. The palace, always kept in good repair, is thus described by Forbes in 1781:  To the original centre saloon, two large wings and several rooms and terraces were, about 1835, added by Mr. Williams, of the Civil Service. At a little distance from the royal mansion, on the bank of the Sabarmati river, with separate gardens, baths and fountains, was the zanana or ladies' palace. The apartments for the officers and attendants of the court were still further detached. In the great flood of 1875 the strong stone wall, which prevents the river from passing south towards the city, was slightly injured, and sand was washed over it covering and destroying the garden beds. Since this flood, along the wall the water is much deeper and tho current much stronger than it was before. In 1638 the Shahi Baug was very large, shut in by a great wall with ditches full of water. In 1666 Thevenot found the King's garden full of all kinds of trees. The road lay through an avenue like those in Paris. The garden was very large or rather there were several gardens rising like an amphitheatre. There were four wonderful walks fringed, on either side right across the garden, by a terrace full of flowers and meeting in the form of a cross, where was a great building with a roof covered with green tiles.

Paragraph 25: Main charactersDominic Baciagalupo ("Cookie") / Dominic Del Popolo / Tony Angel – An Italian-American logging company cook in Twisted River in northern New Hampshire. His father, who had absconded before he was born, had the name "Capodilupo" ("Head of the Wolf"), but his mother named him "Baciacalupo" ("Kiss of the Wolf"), which later became "Baciagalupo" due to a clerical error. He damaged his ankle in a logging accident at the age of 12, giving him a permanent limp, after which his mother taught him how to cook to keep him away from the logs. He changes his name to "Del Popolo" in Boston, and to "Tony Angel" (father of the famous writer) in Vermont, to escape the attentions of Constable Carl from whom he and his son are fleeing. He is overprotective of his son, Daniel, and later his grandson, Joe.Daniel Baciagalupo / Danny Angel – Dominic's son and kitchen assistant in Twisted River. He is a "Kennedy father" and a famous writer of eight semi-autobiographical novels. He writes under the pseudonym of Danny Angel (after Angel, the young logger who died in Twisted River), a name he also assumed in real life to foil Constable Carl. He is attracted to large older women and is overprotective of his father, Dominic, and his son, Joe.Ketchum – A logger in Twisted River who lives permanently in the northern New Hampshire logging camps. His first name is never revealed. He was once married, but is estranged from his children, and had no education beyond the age of 12. He is Dominic's best friend, and is overprotective of Dominic and Daniel; he is their self-appointed "advisor" at Twisted River, and when they are abroad, via telephone, letters, and later, fax (he never discovered email).Rosina Calogero ("Rosie") – Dominic's mother's cousin's daughter and his "not-really-a-cousin" wife. She was exiled to Berlin, New Hampshire by her family because she was pregnant, and taken in by Dominic's mother. After his mother died, Dominic (aged 17, he lied about his age to be married while still a minor) and Rosie (aged 24) married and moved to Twisted River. She was a teacher college graduate, and taught at the school in nearby Paris, Maine."Injun Jane" – A 300-pound American Indian dishwasher in the Twisted River cookhouse and Daniel's part-time "babysitter". Her real name is not known. She lost her own son years previously and is fond of Daniel. She is Constable Carl's girlfriend and he regularly beats her up when he is drunk.Constable Carl ("Cowboy") – The local law officer in Twisted River who spends his time breaking up bar-fights and sending French Canadians looking for work back to Quebec. He is often drunk and foul-mouthed, and he regularly beats up his girlfriends. He acquired the nickname "Cowboy" because of his erratic and unpredictable behavior.Katie Callahan – Daniel's wife while at the University of New Hampshire. They met while posing nude as models in life-drawing classes when Daniel was a junior undergraduate and Katie a senior. She is an anti-war activist and a sexual anarchist. She "rescues" young men from the Vietnam War by marrying and fathering a child with them. She sleeps around and is not a dedicated mother.Joe Baciagalupo – Daniel and Katie's son, named after Joe Polcari, the maître d' at the Vicino di Napoli restaurant in Boston where Dominic worked as a cook. He retained the Baciagalupo name, despite his father and grandfather changing theirs. He inherited his mother's "wild side" and is known to be careless and take risks.Charlotte Turner – Daniel's intended wife in Toronto, Ontario. She is a Canadian screenwriter Danny meets while she is writing the screenplay for his abortion novel, East of Bangor. After they split up, she goes on to win an Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay of Danny's novel.Amy Martin ("Lady Sky")''' – Daniel's last love in Toronto. She is given the name "Lady Sky" by Daniel's 2-year-old son Joe after she parachuted naked into a pig pen in Iowa. "Martin" is her maiden name, which she reverted to after a failed marriage and the death of her son.

Paragraph 26: From 1970 to 1985, Kessler was an investigative reporter for The Washington Post. In 1972, he won a George Polk Memorial award for Community Service because of two series of articles he wrote—one on conflicts of interest and mismanagement at Washington area non-profit hospitals, and a second series exposing kickbacks among lawyers, title insurance companies, realtors, and lenders in connection with real estate settlements, inflating the cost of buying homes. That Kessler series resulted in congressional passage in 1974 of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA), which outlaws kickbacks for referral of settlement services in connection with real estate closings. For the two series, Kessler was named a Washingtonian of the Year for 1972 by  Washingtonian magazine. In 1979, Kessler  won a second Polk Award, this one for National Reporting for a series of articles exposing corruption in the General Services Administration; he won even though his editor, Ben Bradlee, had not submitted his stories for consideration. Kessler's Washington Post stories reporting that Lena Ferguson had been denied membership in the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR) because she is black led to her acceptance by the DAR,  appointment to head the DAR Scholarship Committee, and widespread changes in the organization's policies to increase membership by blacks.

Paragraph 27: On January 22, 2010, Místico teamed up with Averno to participate in CMLL's Torneo Nacional de Parejas Increibles ("National Amazing Pairs tournament"), a tournament where CMLL teams up a Tecnico (Místico) and a Rudo (Averno) for a tournament. On the night of the tournament, Místico and Averno showed some surprising team unity by wearing outfits that mixed the style of each wrestler. In the first round, the team defeated Ephesto and Euforia, not showing any friction between the two, despite their long history of animosity. In the second round, Místico's attitude seemingly changed as he began attacking Volador Jr., someone he usually teams with. Místico even went so far as to ripping up Volador's mask, a rudo move, and won the match after an illegal low blow to Volador Jr. After the match, Místico took the microphone and claimed that "all was fair in war and defending Mexico City", a comment that drew a lot of boos from the crowd. Místico continued to work a Rudo style in the semi-final match, ripping at Máscara Dorada's mask. When Místico's team lost to Dorada and Atlantis the two tecnicos argued after the match. Further hints at Místico potentially turning Rudo came a few days later as Volador Jr. challenged Místico to a one on one match, a Super Libre (match with no rules) match if Místico would agree to it. The two met in the main event of an Arena México show on February 5, 2010, and this time Místico was clearly a Rúdo, tearing so viciously at Volador's mask that a new mask had to be brought to the ring between falls. In the second fall, Místico pulled his mask off and threw it to Volador Jr. in an attempt to get Volador Jr. disqualified. The end came when Volador Jr. reversed Místico's La Mística and won by applying the same move to Místico. On February 12, 2010, Místico lost the Mexican National Light Heavyweight Championship to Volador Jr. losing two falls to one. Místico, Volador Jr., La Sombra, and El Felino faced off in a four-way Lucha de Apuesta main event at the 2010 Homenaje a Dos Leyendas. Místico was not one of the first two pinned, allowing him to keep his mask. Following Dos Leyendas Místico announced that he was done being a rúdo and returned to the técnico side, although Volador Jr. remained suspicious of Místico. The storyline between the two cooled off for a bit, but in late May 2010 tension resumed as Místico and Volador Jr. faced off once again over the Mexican Light Heavyweight Championship, with Volador Jr. retaining the title. At the 2010 Sin Salida event, the two were on opposite sides of a Relevos incredibles; Místico teamed with Máscara Dorada and Mr. Águila while Volador Jr. teamed with Averno and Negro Casas. Averno came to the ring wearing the same combined Averno/Místico mask he had worn for the Parejas Incredibles tournament and tried to convince Místico to join the rúdo side, only to turn around and reveal that both he and Volador Jr. were wearing a combined Averno/Volador Jr. mask underneath. Volador Jr. worked as a rúdo throughout the match, losing the match for his team when he tried to cheat but was caught by the referee. On July 12, 2010, at the Promociones Gutiérrez 1st Anniversary Show, Místico participated in a match where 10 men put their mask on the line in a match that featured five pareja incredibles teams, with the losing team being forced to wrestle each other with their mask on the line. His partner in the match was El Oriental, facing off against the teams of Atlantis and Olímpico, La Sombra and Histeria, El Alebrije and Volador Jr., Último Guerrero and Averno. Místico and El Oriental was the last team, forcing them to face off in a one-on-one match. Místico won, forcing El Oriental to remove his mask and show his face. At the CMLL 77th Anniversary Show, Místico was one of 14 men putting their mask on the line in a Luchas de Apuestas steel cage match; he was the 11th and second to last man to leave the steel cage, keeping his mask safe.

Paragraph 28: Each of the two players sitting opposite each other takes a pack of 52 cards, without jokers, shuffles it and lets the opponent cut it. The one who took off the highest card starts. The first player places their first thirteen cards in a "reserve pile", with the top card open, and the next four cards in a column (the "auxiliary columns") face up between themself and the opposing player. In the picture this is the right hand column. The same is then built up on the left side by the second player. There must be space between the two auxiliary columns for the eight aces, which will be placed there during the game (in the picture the two middle columns).

Paragraph 29: Aya Nikola is sent to become the new Tekfur of İnegöl followed by Ertuğrul's return in the tribe. Meanwhile, Yavlak Arslan, the new Uç Bey, seeks to create his own state and sees Osman as an obstacle, later on they unite against the new threat created by the new Han of the İlhanlı (), who allies with Nikola against the Turks of Anatolia. Bala also faces the arrival of Targun, Nikola's spy who allies with Osman to save her father, İnal Bey. Along with these problems, Osman is elected as the new Bey after his father's death, whilst he decides to marry a second wife according to his father’s will. After Targun's death, Osman meets Malhun Hatun and initiates a major battle with the Byzantines, historically known as the  in which his nephew   Bayhoca, gets martyred by Flatyos which results in Savci Bey and Lena killing Flatyos as well as Osman Bey trying to find the traitor in the Kayı, as his jealous uncle Dündar helps the Byzantines stir traps for him. Following the arrival of Ömer Bey, father of Malhun Hatun, Geyhatu sends Kara Şaman Togay to eliminate both Osman's Kayı and Ömer's Bayındır. Meanwhile, Malhun is sent by her father to İnegöl to ally with Nikola against Togay but she gets captured in the castle by Togay, who has already allied with Nikola. Osman also captures Nikola's ally Tekfur Aris, seeking to ally with him, Togay then delivers an ultimatum to surrender the Tekfur in exchange for Malhun. Osman decides to use the captured tekfur as bait to trap Nikola. However, Togay kills Aris on the way which gives Nikola an excuse to keep Malhun in captivity. Nikola martyrs Zülfikar Derviş, Osman's spy in İnegöl and also releases Malhun to gain the support of Ömer Bey, who seeks to sell him horses in order to infiltrate and conquer the İnegöl castle but the sale of horses angers Osman, who (not knowing their plan) orders them to be seized. Meanwhile, Togay ambushes some of the Kayı on the way back from Boran Alp's unfinished wedding with Gonca Hatun, which results in the martyrdom of Abdurrahman Gazi. Osman later attacks the incoming Kalanoz, who is the younger brother of Kalanoz and was sent after Flatyos’ capture and death, after learning of his arrival indirectly from the Mongols, killing many Byzantine soldiers and Osman also invites all Turkmen tribes to join the attack except the Bayındırlı, angering Ömer Bey. Şeyh Edebali later calls Osman and Ömer Bey to Söğüt to resolve their differences, leading to Ömer Bey handing over Dündar's ring to Osman, exposing Dündar as a traitor. Although Simon, Petrus and Hazal Hatun are exposed and captured first, Osman lures Dündar into a trap then captures him. Dündar then is taken to the tribe and sentenced to death by Osman. Just as he is about to be strangled to death by the alps, he requests to be shot by Osman instead, using the arrow that killed Bayhoca per Savcı's wish and gets eventually executed, whilst Hazal is exiled to the Çobanoğlu tribe. Osman then initiates a major battle with the Byzantines, with the support of Malhun Hatun which is historically known as the  in which Kalanoz martyrs Savci Bey and gets killed by Osman later on. In the battle, Osman had tricked Togay by promising taxes. But when Osman kicks out the messenger sent by Togay, who later kills him, the Mongol Governor, Wali Yargucu, complains to the vassal ruler of Selcuk, Sultan Mesud II, who invites Osman under the pretext of giving him gifts. After an argument, Osman agrees to pay taxes to the Sultan, who promises him future aid. Osman's reception by Mesud II angers Omer  Bey, who decides to make a name for himself. Nikola uses Omer's anger and uses him to attack Togay. However, Nikola betrays Omer and Togay ambushes him. In the meantime, the Mongol forces raid Omer's tribe, which depresses him, causing him to go to Togay for revenge. Gets saved by Osman. In order to improve their relations, Osman marries Omer's daughter, Malhun Hatun. Later, when the Kayis are migrating to Domaniç, Togay attacks them and Bamsi Beyrek gets martyred. Osman later takes revenge by killing Togay in Soğut. In the meantime, Nikola begins preparations for a great war and fights a major battle against Osman, who is aided by Sultan Mesud II. Osman wins, which greatly increases his respect among the other beys in Bithynia.

Paragraph 30: Repairs often mean simple replacement of worn or used components intended to be periodically renewed by a home-owner, such as burnt out light bulbs, worn out batteries, or overfilled vacuum cleaner bags. Another class of home repairs relates to restoring something to a useful condition, such as sharpening tools or utensils, replacing leaky faucet washers, cleaning out plumbing traps, rain gutters. Because of the required precision, specialized tools, or hazards, some of these are best left to experts such as a plumber. One emergency repair that may be necessary in this area is overflowing toilets. Most of them have a shut-off valve on a pipe beneath or behind them so that the water supply can be turned off while repairs are made, either by removing a clog or repairing a broken mechanism.