Paragraph 1: Despite his outstanding success on the PGA Tour, Woods had little success in the Ryder Cup early in his career. In his first Ryder Cup in 1997, he earned only 1½ points competing in every match and partnering mostly with Mark O'Meara. Costantino Rocca defeated Woods in his singles match. In 1999, he earned 2 points over every match with a variety of partners. In 2002, he lost both Friday matches, but, partnered with Davis Love III for both of Saturday's matches, won two points for the Americans, and was slated to anchor the Americans for the singles matches, both squads going into Sunday with 8 points. However, after the Europeans took an early lead, his match with Jesper Parnevik was rendered unimportant and they halved the match. In 2004, he was paired with Phil Mickelson on Friday but lost both matches, and only earned one point on Saturday. With the Americans facing a 5–11 deficit, he won the first singles match, but the team was not able to rally. In 2006, he was paired with Jim Furyk for all of the pairs matches, and they won two of their four matches. Woods won his singles match, one of only three Americans to do so that day. Woods missed the 2008 Ryder Cup competition altogether, as he was recovering from reconstructive surgery on his left knee. Despite Woods' absence, the United States team posted its largest margin of victory in the event since 1981. In 2010, Woods had a successful Ryder Cup going 3–1–0. He played all team matches with Steve Stricker and defeated Francesco Molinari 4&3 in his singles match where he made 9 birdies. However, Europe won in a very close match, 14.5 to 13.5. In 2012, paired again with Stricker, both players struggled going 0–3–0 together for the week. For the first time in his career, Woods would sit out a session in the Ryder Cup. He and Stricker were the only Americans who did not have a point going into the Sunday singles. In his singles match against Francesco Molinari, Woods was 1 up on the 18th fairway. After seeing Martin Kaymer clinch the Ryder Cup for Europe, Woods conceded the hole after missing his par putt. He would halve the match giving Europe the outright victory, and finish his week at 0–3–1. In 2018, Woods was initially named a vice-captain by Jim Furyk. Despite only playing half as many events as his peers, Woods still finished 11th in the final standings and was subsequently chosen as a captain's pick. Paired with Patrick Reed for the two four-ball sessions, they lost each time to Tommy Fleetwood and Francesco Molinari, who went 4–0 together for team Europe, with Molinari going 5–0 at the event. In his Saturday afternoon foursome match, he again lost to the European duo, paired this time with Bryson DeChambeau. Woods would also go on to lose his singles match to Jon Rahm 2&1 to mark the first time in his career that he lost every match he played in one Ryder Cup tournament. Europe would defeat United States by a score of 17.5 to 10.5. In the 8 Ryder Cups that Woods competed in from 1997 to 2018, he won 14.5 points from a possible 37.

Paragraph 2: Delegated jurisdiction rests either on a special authorization of the holders of ordinary jurisdiction (delegatio ab homine), or on a general law (delegatio a lege, a jure, a canone). Thus, the Council of Trent transferred a number of papal rights to the bishops "tanquam Apostolicae Sedis delegati", i.e. also as delegates of the Apostolic See, and "etiam tanquam Apostolicae Sedis delegati", i.e. also as delegates of the Apostolic See. In the first class of cases, bishops do not possess ordinary jurisdiction. The meaning of the second expression is disputed, but it is generally taken as purely cumulative. If the delegation applies to one or several designated cases only, it is special delegation; if it applies to an entire class of subjects, it is then general delegation or delegation for the universality of causes. Delegated jurisdiction for the total of a number of matters is known as delegatio mandata. Only those can be appointed delegates who are competent to execute the delegation. For an act of consecration the delegate must have himself the necessary sacred orders. For acts of jurisdiction he must be an ecclesiastic, though the pope could also delegate a layman. Papal delegation is usually conferred only on ecclesiastical dignitaries or canons. The delegate must be twenty years old, but eighteen years suffices for one appointed by the pope. He must also be free from excommunication. Those placed under the jurisdiction of the delegator must submit to the delegation. Delegation for one matter can also be conferred upon several. The distinction to be made is whether they have to act jointly and severally (collegiately), jointly but individually (solidarily), or solidarily at least in some given case. The delegate is to follow exactly his instructions, but is empowered to do all that is necessary to execute them. If he exceed his power, his act is null.

Paragraph 3: Over the years, a lot of attention has focused on the causes of occupational incidents. When incidents occur in the workplace it is important to understand what factors (human, technical, organizational) may have contributed to the outcome in order to avoid similar incidents in the future. Through developing an understanding of why and how incidents occur, appropriate methods for incident prevention can be developed (Williamson and Feyer 2002). In the past, improvement in workplace safety or in the control of workplace risks has come about through the provision of safer machinery or processes, the better training of employees, and the introduction of formal safety management systems.  Consequently, (some argue) in  a workplace that has benefited from these improvements, many of the residual workplace accidents result from operator error — one or more operators doing a job differently from the safe way they were trained to. Hence, there is now a move to apply the concept of safety culture at the individual level; worker behaviour is influenced by the safety culture of an organization, so safety culture could affect the worker injury rate. Although the overall culture of an organization may affect the behaviour of employees, much research has focused on the effect of more localised factors (i.e. supervisors, interpretation of safety policies) in the specific culture of individual workplaces, leading to the concept of a "Local safety climate, which is more susceptible to transition and change". This would also suggest that safety climate operates on a different level than safety culture. Mearns et al. note that although safety culture was a concept originally used to describe the inadequacies of safety management that result in major disasters, that the concept is now being applied to explain accidents at the individual level, although as they emphasize, "The validity of the safety culture concept with regard to individual accidents is yet to be ascertained." (p. 643).

Paragraph 4: Tourist is a soft rock album with electronic elements that takes influence from the work of Coldplay (specifically, their 2002 album A Rush of Blood to the Head), Doves and the Flaming Lips (specifically, their 1999 album The Soft Bulletin). Jean Baker of News24 considered it a "kind of concept album" that tackles "long distance love". Keyboardist Tim Wanstall said the tracks intentionally had "less of the hook after hook", compared to those on Vehicles & Animals, allowing for vocalist Joel Pott's vocals to have more of a presence. Alongside this, Pott wanted to be more open about his lyrics, stating that if "people want to hear my personal stories, that's fine with me [...] but this time I'm wearing my heart on my sleeve". Wanstall said it was "very narrative in its basis, and very much about a band on the road, coming to terms with being away a lot from that home community". The band would typically build a song from a chorus of verse section, written on either a guitar or a piano, adding electronic flourishes after demos had been made. Sometimes drummer Steven Roberts would suggest a part, prompting the rest of the members to re-work the track. Adam Peters arranged and conducted the string accompaniments on "Chances", "Wires" and "Street Map", which were performed by the London Metropolitan Orchestra, led by David Juritz. Noel Robinson and the Nu Image Choir appeared as a gospel choir on "If I Found Out".

Paragraph 5: The interior structure of the church is characterized by the twelve free-standing columns that support the nave's elevated central space. On the long side of the church there is a double interval between the second and third pillars, but with a half pillar resting on the lower bracing beam (the pier) which runs in between. The double interval provides free access from the south portal to the church's central compartment, which would otherwise have been obstructed by the middle bar. The tops of the poles are finished with grotesque, carved human and animal masks. The tie-bars are secured with braces in the form of St. Andrew's crosses with a sun - shaped center and carved leaf shapes along the arms. The crosses reappear in less ornate form as braces along the church walls. On the north and south sides of the nave, a total of eight windows let in small amounts of light, and at the top of the nave's west gable is a window of more recent date - probably from pre-Reformation times. On the south wall of the nave, the inauguration crosses are still on the inside of the wall. The interior choir walls and west portal have engraved figures and runes, some of which date to the Middle Ages. One, among the commonest of runic graffiti, reads "Ave Maria". An inscription by Þórir (Thor), written "in the evening at St. Olav's Mass" blames the pagan Norns for his problems; perhaps a residue of ancient beliefs, as these female beings were thought to rule the personal destinies of all in Norse mythology and the Poetic Edda.

Paragraph 6: While during the late 19th century, no formal segregation of men and women was to be found at the Western Wall, conflict erupted in July 1968 when members of the World Union for Progressive Judaism were denied the right to host a mixed-gender service at the site after the Ministry of Religious Affairs insisted on maintaining the gender segregation customary at Orthodox places of worship. In recent years, the Western Wall in Jerusalem has become a site of conflict and contention between liberal and feminist Jews. The Western Wall has been defended by the Orthodox faith for generations, which is why many of the traditions have been maintained such as gender segregation. Many Orthodox Jews believe that in order to keep the sanctity of the wall, proper gender roles must be adhered. In the mid-twentieth century, a mechitza was set up at the wall to maintain and enforce gender separation; this caused conflict between the ultra-Orthodox Jews and the Arabs. The progressives responded to these actions by the Orthodox sector, by claiming that "the Wall is a shrine of all Jews, not one particular branch of Judaism" In 1988, Women of the Wall launched a campaign for recognition of women's right to pray at the Wall in their fashion. Their form and manner of prayer elicited a violent response from some Orthodox worshippers, and they were initially banned from holding services at the site. In response to the repeated arrests of women, including Anat Hoffman, trying to exercise their freedom of religion, the Jewish Agency observed "the urgent need to reach a permanent solution and make the Western Wall once again a symbol of unity among the Jewish people, and not one of discord and strife". The Israeli high court finally affirmed in 2000 the right to have women pray at the wall according to their custom, whether it be Reform, Conservative, or Orthodox. This new law included the right for women to be able to pray aloud, read from the Torah, and wear a tallit; the supreme court also recognized that the wall was "owned" by the Orthodox sector, but felt that women had the right to pray how they wish. After the supreme court ruled upon this, some ultra-Orthodox Jewish men tried to petition the court to criminalize women who read from the Torah, wore a tallit, or blew shofar at the Wall. In 2003 this petition was looked at by the Israeli court and the court appealed the previously passed bill, the reasoning behind the repeal was because women praying at the wall would be a threat to public safety.  The courts decision to once again limit women's rights at the Wall came from a place of fear, that if they did not limit their rights that there would be an uprising by the ultra-Orthodox sector.

Paragraph 7: Mitchell is often at the center of the action and fight sequences. Browder joked for years that "Mitchell's super power is getting his ass whipped", which was the opposite of the powerful warrior Teal'c. Browder enjoyed the physicality of the role and wanted to do many of his own stunts. Browder had acquired first fight experiences in drama school, and had done much stunt work on Farscape. Browder worked with fight choreographers in seasons 9 and 10 of Stargate SG-1. Browder's first fight sequence on SG-1 was a sword fight with a knight in "Avalon", where Browder did not have a stunt double and used real swords because heavy swords look more real in action. This fight was followed by an elaborate fight to the death with a Sodan Jaffa warrior in "Babylon". Although writer Paul Mullie was concerned that fans might be put off by the violence and darkness of "Collateral Damage", where Mitchell has memories of beating a love interest to death, the producers did not want to shortchange Mitchell's emotional journey and chose to not shy away from violence in the episode. Browder played another sword fight in "Camelot", and was involved in an extended hand-to-hand combat with a Replicator-possessed IOA member James Marrick (played by Currie Graham) in The Ark of Truth.

Paragraph 8: By late 1937, Arthur Foss was back in service with a new power steering system and a new, extremely skillful captain. In November both tug and captain, Martin Guchee, were commended for towing the disabled motorship Eastern Prince from Yakutat, Alaska, to Seattle in just six days. Captain Guchee was also at the helm when Arthur Foss became in involved in the construction of two of the Northwest's most famous landmarks. In 1938, the tug made a long tow from San Francisco with the giant barge Foss No. 64, which had been used in the construction of the Golden Gate Bridge. Foss No. 64 was needed up north for the construction of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge which began in September 1938. The bridge was completed in 1940 and, after just a few months in service, collapsed in high winds due to aeroelastic flutter. Students of physics and structural engineering have been studying the infamous event ever since. In January 1939, construction of another famous bridge began on Lake Washington, the Lacey V. Murrow Memorial Bridge connecting Seattle to Mercer Island. Prior to construction, extensive testing of the pontoons' strength and stability occurred over a nine-month period in 1938. An experimental barge approximating the proposed bridge's configuration was anchored in the lake, and the most powerful tug on the West Coast was hired to put it to the test. Captain Guchee took Arthur Foss at full speed around and around the test barge, generating four-foot waves and simulating lake conditions in an  wind. Engineers and technicians were on hand to take readings. The test barge held, but not satisfied with the amount of stress he was putting it under, Captain Guchee put Arthur Foss bow against the barge and "gave her full power". The anchoring system still held. Utilizing the data gathered during this unorthodox experiment and others, the world's first floating highway bridge was completed in 1940. To this day, there are only five similar floating spans in the world, and three are located in Washington State.

Paragraph 9: In a March 9, 2015, episode of First Take, while discussing the topic of Philadelphia Eagles' head coach Chip Kelly trading away running back LeSean McCoy to the Buffalo Bills for linebacker Kiko Alonso, Smith said: "Chip Kelly has made decisions over the last couple of years that, dare I say, leave a few brothers feeling uncomfortable." Michael David Smith of NBS Sports believed that Smith had hinted Kelly's roster moves regarding the 2014 release of wide receiver DeSean Jackson, the McCoy trade, and letting wide receiver Jeremy Maclin depart for free agency to sign with the Kansas City Chiefs, while still keeping wide receiver Riley Cooper on the Eagles' roster might be racially motivated. In an interview with ESPN The Magazine that was published on May 8, 2015, McCoy admitted that while he respected Kelly as a head coach, he did not see eye to eye with him. McCoy also believed that some of the roster moves that are being made by Kelly are racially motivated. Kelly has said that the roster moves that he has made have nothing to do with race, it has to do with finding the right players that fit well into his team. Smith defended his comments by saying that he never used a form of the word racism to imply that Kelly was a racist.

Paragraph 10: The history of Korean settlement in the Philippines can be divided into five phases. The first, lasting until the end of World War II, consisted of just a few disconnected individuals. Jang Bogo of Unified Silla was said to have visited the country as early as the 8th century. However, there was sparse contact or information of contact over the centuries later. There is brief mention of a Korean noblewoman, Doña Maria Park, who lived around 1572-1636 as a Catholic nun serving with other local Japanese exiled Christian (Kirishitan) nuns under the Jesuit-chaplained Beatas de Meaco (Kyoto) or Miyako no Bikuni (Nuns of Kyoto, 1615–1656) in Manila. Moon Sun-Deuk, a native of Ui Island who survived a shipwreck in the Philippines, was a ray merchant who sailed and drifted to Japan's Okinawa Island with his uncle and four other colleagues, then ended up seeing northern Philippines and lived there for 9 months. Moon had a flair with foreign languages as he acquired the language in Yeosong (Luzon) - possibly Ilocano language, and had a sharp eye for the way the people lived. Considered as Korea's first person to learn a Philippine language, he was able to use his interpretation skills conversing with the five Filipinos who were shipwrecked off Jeju Island in 1801 and were able to return home after nine years. He was the first recorded Filipino interpreter in Joseon dynasty.  In 1837, Andrew Kim Taegon and two other Korean Catholics took refuge in the Philippines after fleeing a riot in Macau, where they had been studying. They lived in a monastery near Lolomboy, Bocaue, Bulacan. Around 1935, a few itinerant ginseng peddlers from Uiju, North Pyongan (in present-day North Korea) arrived in the country via Vietnam. Some Korean soldiers came with the Imperial Japanese Army when it occupied the Philippines during World War II; three of these, from Uiju, are known to have married local women and to have chosen remain in the country permanently. One of them, Pak Yun-hwa, went on to establish the Korean Association Philippines Inc. in 1969, which would grow to become the country's largest Korean organization.

Paragraph 11: The organization primarily rescues and distributes dry food products (canned food, rice, pasta, oil, sugar, flour, and more) and over the past five years has also started distributing dairy products and poultry. The modus operandi of the organization relies on long-lasting partnerships with leading companies in the food industry (Osem, Strauss, Tnuva, Coca-Cola, Unilever, etc). Since 2015, Latet has been working in cooperation with  the Manufacturers Association of Israel's Association of Food Industries to encourage, regulate and expand food rescue in Israel among food companies. This collaboration has led to more than 20 new food companies joining the food salvaging circle in 2016-2017. These partnerships have social (assist families in need), economical (save food destruction costs), and environmental (avoid food waste) advantages.

Paragraph 12: He was promoted to lieutenant in 1919, and served on the destroyer , and various staff positions. After graduating from the 18th class of Naval War College in 1918 and his promotion to lieutenant commander in 1920, he served as a staff officer on the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff, and also on the martial law headquarters for the Kantō region after the Great Kanto earthquake of 1923.  In 1924, Hosogaya was promoted to commander and became executive officer on the cruiser . In 1927–1928, he visited the United States and Europe, and in 1928 became executive officer on the battleship .

Paragraph 13: Towards the close of 1791, Worsley volunteered for service in the Mysore war, and was appointed to the 7th battalion Bengal Sepoys.  He took part with the centre column in the night attack on Tipú's fortified camp under the walls of Seringapatam on 6 Feb. 1792, and in the subsequent operations against that town. In the following year he was reappointed to the 32nd battalion, and by the regulations of 1796−7 he was posted to the 1st Native Infantry, receiving the brevet rank of captain.  During a visit to Europe he was promoted captain-lieutenant and captain on 1 Nov. 1798, and was posted as captain to the 15th Native Infantry, which he joined in 1801.  At the close of the year and during 1802 he was employed in command of part of the first battalion in tranquillising the districts ceded by the nawab of Oudh. On 4 Sept. 1803 he fought at Alígarh, and on 11 September he commanded his battalion at the Battle of Delhi.  On 10 October he again commanded his battalion in the attack made on the enemy's infantry and guns under the walls of Agra, when he received the thanks of the commander-in-chief, Lord Lake, in general orders.  He also led it at the battle of Laswari on 1 Nov.  In 1804 he joined the 21st Native Infantry, and on 21 September was promoted to a majority. In command of a detachment he cleared the Doáb of Holkar's troops, which had overrun it after William Monson's reverse, and occupied the city of Muttra, where he was employed in protecting the communication of Lake's army. Without scientific assistance he constructed a bridge of boats over the Jumna at Muttra, which proved of great use to the English force.  Lake highly appreciated Worsley's services, and obtained for him the post of deputy adjutant-general.  Early in 1806 he succeeded to the office of adjutant-general with the official rank of lieutenant-colonel.  On 29 Nov. 1809 he attained the regimental rank of lieutenant-colonel, but in the beginning of 1810 ill-health compelled him to resign his office, and in 1811 he proceeded to Europe on furlough.  In 1813 he accepted the post of principal private secretary to the governor-general, Francis Rawdon Hastings, 2nd Earl of Moira (and afterwards Marquis of Hastings).  His health compelled him to resign this post almost immediately; but in 1818 he returned to India, and Moira at once appointed him military secretary.  In a few months he was obliged to resign from the same cause as before, and joined his corps in the vain hope of restoring his health by active service.  In 1819 he returned finally to England.  On 12 Aug. he attained the brevet rank of colonel, and in August 1822 the rank of colonel with the command of a regiment.  Worsley became major-general in retirement on 24 Aug. 1830.

Paragraph 14: Saturdays = Youth, M83's fifth studio album, was released in April 2008. It was recorded with Ken Thomas (known for his work with Sigur Rós, The Sugarcubes, Boys in a Band, Cocteau Twins, and Suede), Ewan Pearson (who has also produced for Tracey Thorn, The Rapture and Ladytron) and Morgan Kibby (of The Romanovs). The album features a more focused approach to song structure and form, and Gonzalez stated that the main influence of the album came from music of the 1980s: "I think that '80s music is such a brilliant period for music history. It was the occasion for me to do a tribute to this '80s music, but [it was] also a tribute to my teenage years because the main theme of the album is being a teenager, and being a teenager means a lot to me." Four singles were released from the album: "Couleurs" in February 2008, "Graveyard Girl" in April, "Kim & Jessie" in July, and "We Own the Sky" in December. Redbull and Snowboarder Travis Rice used "We Own the Sky" as the opening song in the 2008 snowboard film That's It That's All. M83 also appeared on a limited edition split 7-inch single with Maps in 2008; M83 remixed Maps' "To the Sky", while Maps provided a remix of M83's "We Own the Sky".

Paragraph 15: At Stardom 10th Anniversary Show on January 17, 2021, Iwatani teamed up with Ruaka in a Four-Way Elimination Tag Team Match won by Queen's Quest (Momo Watanabe & Saya Kamitani) and also involving the teams of Donna Del Mondo (Syuri & Himeka) and Oedo Tai (Bea Priestley & Saki Kashima). At Stardom All Star Dream Cinderella on March 3, 2021, she defeated Yoshiko. The unit of Stars leaded by Iwatani began losing members in 2021, beginning with Ruaka who defected to Oedo Tai on February 20. At Stardom Yokohama Dream Cinderella 2021, she continued losing members, as she teamed up with Starlight Kid, Saya Iida, Hanan & Fukigen Death, falling short to Oedo Tai's Natsuko Tora, Konami, Saki Kashima, Ruaka & Rina in a Ten-Woman Elimination Tag Team Match. Since she was eliminated last, Death was forced to join the enemy unit. The stable's fall continued at the last night of the Stardom Cinderella Tournament 2021 from June 12, where Iwatani lost Starlight Kid to Oedo Tai the same way as with Gokigen Death. Iwatani had also compete in the main tournament, making it into the quarterfinals from May 14 where she fell short to Himeka. Koguma returned to professional wrestling after a long absence and joined Stars. Iwatani teamed up with her at Yokohama Dream Cinderella 2021 in Summer on July 4, 2021, where they unsuccessfully challenged Syuri & Giulia for the Goddess of Stardom Championship. At Stardom 5 Star Grand Prix 2021, Iwatani fought in the "Red Stars" block and scored a total of eleven points after competing against Momo Watanabe, Koguma, Starlight Kid, Himeka, Fukigen Death, Natsupoi, Giulia, Mina Shirakawa, and Saki Kashima. At Stardom 10th Anniversary Grand Final Osaka Dream Cinderella on October 9, 2021, she unsuccessfully challenged Tam Nakano for the Wonder of Stardom Championship as the match went into a time-limit draw. At the 2021 edition of the Goddesses of Stardom Tag League, Iwatani teamed up with Rin Kadokura as "Blue MaRine" and fought in the "Blue Goddess" block where thet scored a total of seven points after competing against the teams of MOMOAZ (Momo Watanabe & AZM), Kurotora Kaidou (Starlight Kid & Ruaka), Ponytail and Samurai Road (Syuri & Maika), Dream H (Tam Nakano & Mina Shirakawa) and C Moon (Lady C & Waka Tsukiyama). At Kawasaki Super Wars, the first event of the Stardom Super Wars trilogy which took place on November 3, 2021, Iwatani teamed up with Koguma and went into a time-limit draw against Himeka & Natsupoi. At Tokyo Super Wars on November 27, she teamed up with Hazuki & Hanan to defeat Oedo Tai (Saki Kashima, Fukigen Death & Rina). At Osaka Super Wars, the final event of the trilogy from December 18, Iwatani teamed up with Hazuki & Koguma and took part in a ¥10 Million Unit Tournament which was also contested for the Artist of Stardom Championship by first defeating Cosmic Angels (Tam Nakano, Mina Shirakawa & Unagi Sayaka) in the semi finals, and eventually falling short to the champions MaiHimePoi (Maika, Natsupoi & Himeka) in the finals on the same night as a result of a Six-Woman Tag Team ladder match. At Stardom Dream Queendom on December 29, 2021, Iwatani teamed up with Takumi Iroha to defeat Hazuki and Momo Watanabe.

Paragraph 16: In 1869, Adele Spitzeder founded her private bank in Dachauer Straße, which became known as Dachauer Banken. On 21 October 1876, the first Munich horse tram passed on its route from Promenadeplatz to Nymphenburger Straße/Burgfriedensgrenze (Maillingerstraße) the Dachauer Straße between Bahnhofplatz and Stiglmaierplatz. In 1898, the west bordering cemetery was built. In 1900 the tram route from 1876 was made electric. On the western side opposite the Bundeswehrverwaltungszentrum München (Army Administrative Center Munich), the Association for the Improvement of Housing in Munich built a small residential complex in the Ebenau district even before the First World War, which was used as one of the early examples of non-profit housing construction in Munich. In 1905, the current Heinz Naumann House (number 25) was built by Michael Reifenstuel, which then served as a posthospital. After the former gas works on the Thalkirchner road and the Kirchstein (now Vogelweideplatz) could not keep up with the growing gas demand of the city, the construction of the gas works Moosach, now number 148, began in 1906. On 25 July 1909, the new tram connection from Stiglmaier to Leonrodplatz was first used. In the restaurant "Zum Deutschen Reich", located on Dachauer Straße, the German Workers' Party organized meetings in 1919 and 1920, with Adolf Hitler as speaker. Between 1924 and 1929, the Borstei was built north of the Middle Ring. In 1928, depot 5 for trams was completed in the Dachauer Straße 104, which was put back into service in 1949 after the damages from the war were repaired and then shut down in 1977. After request of the realm aviation ministry from 1936, development too place on the current factory premises of MTU Aero Engines (Dachauer Straße 665) and MAN commercial vehicles (Dachauer Straße 667) another BMW factory, which produced the 801 engine starting in 1942. During the period of National Socialism, innumerable so-called protective prisoners were deported via the Dachauer Straße to the Dachau concentration camp. After a bomb attack by the Allies in 1943, the gas plant was severely damaged. The ordered demolition of the plant was prevented by the factory management. After the war, the plant had to be shut down for half a year because of the damages caused by the war. After the conversion of the gas supply to Roherd gas took place on 10 November 1975, the plant was closed. In 2008, sections of the tram tracks in Dachauer Straße were renewed.

Paragraph 17: Kuqi started his career with FC Lahti of the Veikkausliiga in 2002, spending three years with the club and scoring twenty goals in all competitions. In January 2005, Kuqi signed for Birmingham City, but failed to make any first–team appearances during his 18-month spell with the club. During his time at Birmingham, Kuqi was loaned out for a month to Blackpool in January 2006, making four appearances before returning to his parent club. He was loaned out once again in March 2006, joining Peterborough United until the end of the 2005–06 season. However, he only made one appearance for Peterborough, and returned to Birmingham a month earlier than scheduled. At the end of the campaign, Kuqi was released by Birmingham.

Paragraph 18: The arrivals of world leaders spanned over 4 days in November. South African President Jacob Zuma and the OECD's Secretary-General Jose Angel Gurria arrived on the 12th of November, Zuma from a Fortune Air Boeing 727-2N6(Adv), and Gurria from a charter flight. On the 13th, the IMF's Managing Director Christine Lagarde and the Republic of Korea's Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister Kyung-hwan Choi arrived from charter flights, while Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Salman arrived from a Saudi Arabian Royal Flight Boeing 747SP-68 and Brazil's Dilma Rousseff from a Brazilian Air Force Airbus VC-1 (Airbus A319). The 14th saw the European Council's President Herman Van Rompuy, Senegal's Macky Sall, the FSB's Chairman Mark Carney and Singapore's Lee Hsien Loong arrive from charter flights. Turkey's Ahmet Davutuglu arrived from a Turkish Government Airbus A330-243, South Korea's Park Geun Hye from a South Korean Air Force Boeing 747-4B5, Mexico's Enrique Pena Nieto from a Mexican Air Force Boeing 757-225, India's Narendra Modi from an Air India Boeing 747-437, Japan's Shinzo Abe from a Japanese Air Force Boeing 747-47C, Indonesia's Joko Widodo from an Indonesian Air Force Boeing 737-8U3(BBJ2), Australia's Tony Abbott and the United Kingdom's David Cameron from a Royal Australian Air Force Boeing 737-7DT(BBJ), Argentina's Minister for Economy Axel Kicillof from a Cat Aviation Dassault Falcon 7x business jet, Spain's Mariano Rajoy from a Spanish Air Force Airbus A310-304, the United States Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew from a United States Air Force Boeing C-32A(Boeing 757-200), Mauritania's Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz from a Mauritania Airlines' Boeing 737-7EE, Russia's Vladimir Putin from a Rossiya Special Flight Squadron Ilyushin Il-96 300PU, Germany's Angela Merkel from a German Air Force Airbus A340-313X, China's Xi Jinping from an Air China Boeing 747-4J6 and Canada's Stephen Harper from a Royal Canadian Air Force Airbus CC-150 Polaris(Airbus A310-304). The European Commission's Jean Claude-Juncker, ILO's Director General Guy Ryder, Japan's Finance Minister Taro Aso and Myanmar's Thein Sein arrived from charter flights on the 15th. Barack Obama arrived at RAAF's Amberley Air Force Base from Air Force One, a United States Air Force Boeing VC-25A(Boeing 747-200) and then boarded Marine One, an air motorcade of helicopters operated by the United States Air Force and United States Marine Corps, to Victoria Park in Brisbane, where his personal motorcade took him to the retreat. France's Francois Hollande arrived from a French Air Force Airbus A330-223, Italy’s Matteo Renzi from an Italian Air Force Airbus A319-115(CJ)and New Zealand's John Key arrived from a Royal New Zealand Air Force Boeing 757-2K2(C). The majority of the world leaders’ arrivals were on the 14th.

Paragraph 19: On 19 January 2016, Novès named his first squad, including eight uncapped players. His first match in charge was on 6 February during the 2016 Six Nations Championship against Italy at the Stade de France. Novès bled 6 uncapped players in that match day team, defeating Italy 23–21. A week later, Novès led France to their first victory over Ireland since August 2011, running out 10–9 victors. Guy Novès' first defeat came on 26 February against Wales, losing 19–10, before going on to lose to Scotland, 29–18, for the first time since 2006. In the final match of the Championship, England had already secured the title, a win for France would only stop the grand slam. However, in a match in which France failed to score any tries, England were the victors 31–21. In June 2016, France toured Argentina for a two-test series. Unfortunately for Novès, due to the 2015 Rugby World Cup, Top 14 organizers did not schedule any games during the pool phase of the tournament, which meant it would end at a later date than normal. Therefore, the semi-finals and final of the 2015–16 season would coincide with the June international window, clashing with the French games on the 19 and 25 June. Due to this, Novès named 12 uncapped players in his touring squad, and 7 players who had played less than 10 tests for their country. The first test was lost 30–19, in a match that had 10 new players capped for the first time. However, a week later, France defeated Argentina 27–0, the first time Argentina has failed to score any points in a test match since they lost 16–0 against Ireland in 2007. It is the first time they have failed to score any points against France since their first ever meeting in 1949. During the 2016 end of year tests, Novès led France to a single victory, beating Samoa 52–8 in the opening week of their November series. The following two tests saw France lose narrowly to Australia 25–23 and New Zealand 24–19.

Paragraph 20: She served on the mathematics faculty of the University of British Columbia from 1957 till 1968, where she introduced numerical analysis and computer courses into the curriculum and was instrumental in the formation of the Computer Science Department.Froese Fischer spent 1963-64 at the Harvard College Observatory, where she extended her research on atomic-structure calculations. While at Harvard, she was the first woman scientist to be awarded an Alfred P. Sloan Fellowship. In 1991 she became a Fellow of the American Physical Society, in part for her contribution to the discovery of negative calcium. In 1995 she was elected a member of the Royal Physiographic Society in Lund, in 2004 a foreign member of the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences, and in 2015 she was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Technology from Malmö University, Sweden.

Paragraph 21: Over the decades since wolves have been present in the region, hundreds of incidents of livestock depredation have been confirmed, though such predation represents a minute proportion of a wolf's diet on a per-wolf basis. While the majority of wolves ignore livestock entirely, a few wolves or wolf packs become chronic livestock hunters, and most of these have been killed to protect livestock. Since the year Defenders of Wildlife implemented their compensation fund, they have allocated over $1,400,000 to private owners for proven and probable livestock depredation by wolves. Opponents argue that the Yellowstone reintroductions were unnecessary, as American wolves were never in danger of biological extinction, since wolves still persisted in Canada. Opponents have also stated that wolves are of little commercial benefit, as cost estimates on wolf recovery are from $200,000 to $1 million per wolf. The Lamar Valley is one of the best places in the world to observe wolves, though, and tourism based on wolves is booming.  The growing wolf-viewing outfitting trend contrasts with declines for big-game hunters.  National Park Service Biologist Wayne Brewster informed guides and outfitters living north of Yellowstone National Park, to expect a 50% drop in harvestable game when wolves were reintroduced to Yellowstone National Park. This was confirmed when in 2006, the Yellowstone elk herd had in fact shrunk to 50% since the mid 1990s, though researchers documented that most of the elk that fell prey to wolves were very old, diseased, or very young. Two 30-day periods of tracking radio-collared wolves showed that 77–97% of prey species documented by wolves in the park were elk. Outside the park, numerous hunting outfitters have closed due to the concomitant 90% reduction in elk permits. Defenders of Wildlife transitioned from paying compensation to helping ranchers use nonlethal methods to better protect livestock from wolf predation. These methods include carcass removal to reduce attractants to scavengers, increased human presence near livestock, lighting, herd management, livestock guard dogs, and other measures (see http://www.defenders.org/sites/default/files/publications/livestock_and_wolves.pdf for more information).

Paragraph 22: The first draft of Lennon's lyrics for "I'm Only Sleeping", written on the back of a letter from 1966, suggests that he was writing about the joys of staying in bed rather than any drug euphoria sometimes read into the lyrics. While not on tour, Lennon would usually spend his time sleeping, reading, writing or watching television, often under the influence of drugs, and would have to be woken by McCartney for their songwriting sessions. In a London Evening Standard article published on 4 March 1966, Maureen Cleave, a friend of Lennon, wrote: "He can sleep almost indefinitely, is probably the laziest person in England. 'Physically lazy,' he said. 'I don't mind writing or reading or watching or speaking, but sex is the only physical thing I can be bothered with any more.'"

Paragraph 23: In 1985 ADC offices suffered a series of violent attacks. On August 16, a bomb exploded in the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee office in Boston, severely injuring two police officers. On October 29 an arson fire damaged the ADC office in Washington, D.C. On October 11, the day after the ending of the Achille Lauro incident where a Jewish American died,  Alex Odeh, ADC's west-coast regional director, was killed in a bombing as he opened the door to his office. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) suspected Jewish Defense League and Jewish Defense Organization members. Although Jewish Defense League leader Irv Rubin, who lived in Southern California, made some controversial statements about the bombing, the investigation focused on Robert Manning and his wife Rochelle who fled to Israel. They eventually were prosecuted on another bombing charge and Manning is serving a life sentence on that charge. In 2007, the FBI revealed they had received information from a deceased informant, believed to be former Jewish Defense League member Earl Krugel who had been sentenced to 20 years in federal prison for 2001 plots to bomb a Southern California mosque and office of U.S. Representative Darrell Issa, who is Arab-American. It is believed that Irv Rubin, who committed suicide in 2002 in custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons in Los Angeles while awaiting trial on the same charges, revealed to Krugel the names of those responsible for Odeh's death and that Krugel shared those with the FBI before he was murdered in prison in 2005. The bombers are believed to be Manning and two individuals now living in Israel. ADC continues to honor Odeh's memory and call for prosecution of his killers. The FBI has failed to arrest anyone in the Odeh bombing case.

Paragraph 24: His origin is still unknown (in the anime he comes from the Spirit Realm), but he can produce a powerful fiery blast from his mouth when offended, like when he protected Kobato from the perverted old man in an early chapter of Kobato, though he also often uses it on Kobato whenever she messes up. It has been heavily implied that his stuffed animal appearance is not his true form. Ioryogi's true form has yet to be revealed but several 'shadows' of his original form have been seen. One being that of a sinister, large, wolf like creature with horns, which manifested during one of Ioryogi's sparring matches with Ginsei. Another form appears to be a man with spiky hair and a long, battered looking cape or coat, manifesting when he watched over a sleeping Kobato. It is implied that Ioryogi's current form is a 'punishment' from causing some sort of serious trouble back in 'Heaven'. In the anime, it is mentioned that his punishment was for attempting to start a war with Heaven. The exact reason is still not clear but Ioryogi started the war for love. Being from the other world royal family, he was rude and careless and skipped an important meeting where the three worlds were meeting. He met an angel sitting in a tree and helped her out when she fell. In return, she sang for him a song so sweet, he instantly fell in love. In the manga it is then revealed the angel's name was Suishou, also that Kobato and Ioryogi's angel share the same soul because they are the same person belonging to two different worlds. When Kobato died, Ioryogi's angel used her power to bring her back to life. However, as a result, the angel will not be able to reincarnate. Ioryogi begged God to help him bring back his angel and came to an agreement: if "Kobato" is able to fill her flask with wounded hearts, then Kobato and the angel can live. If not, he would lose them both forever.

Paragraph 25: Russian philologist Aleksandr Gryunberg-Tsvetinovich and philologist  collected a tale from the Wakhi people with the title "Шохзодалал и Дурбону" ("Shohzodalal and Durbonu"). In this tale, a king has ten wives, but no son yet. One day, a servant of the first wife finds a ruby in the river and brings it to the queen. The queen dismisses as another ruby that can be found in the king's treasury and places it on a shelf. Some time later, the ruby becomes a human baby that the queen passes off as her own son and introduces him to the king. The story explains that the ruby was actually a boy whose mother is a div and father belongs to the pari race. Around the same time, the king's vizier's wife gives birth to a daughter. They decide to name the boy Shohzodalal and the girl Durbonu, and promise to marry their children to each other when they are of age. Shohzodalal and Durbonu are taught together at school. They become friends and fall in love with each other. Due to their closeness, their mother decide that both Shohzodalal and Durbonu are to be skilled in martial affairs. After their studies, the vizier breaks his vow and betroths Durbonu to a foreign prince. Durbony writes a letter to Shohzodalal, announcing her intentions to elope with him. They ride their horses to another kingdom, and stop by a house where a div family lives. They escape from the divs and kill the seven div sons. The div-mother disguises herself as a human old woman and kills Shohzodalal, and Durbonu, in revenge, decapitates the old woman. Durbonu grieves for her fallen friend for 30 days, until a man in green robes appears to her. The man tells Durbonu to get water from a certain fountain, which revives Shohzodalal. In another kingdom, Durbonu, disguised as a male soldier, rescues princess Nurbonu from a dragon. Nurbonu's father officiates Shohzodalal's marriage to both Durbonu and Nurbonu. Some time later, Shohzodalal's mother hatches a plan to separate her son from his human wives: disguising herself as an old woman, she visits Durbonu and Nurbonu, and convinces Durbonu to ask Shohzodalal about his true parentage. After Shohzodalal arrives home, Durbonu asks him to tell her of his real parents. The man agrees to her request, but warns that it will only bring them misfortune. Shohzodalal takes Durbinu to the garden and goes into the water. Durbonu insists he tells about his past, as the man sinks into the water until he disappears. Durbonu tells Nurbonu to convince her father to build an inn outside the city, where Durbonu will give alms to the poor. One day, an old man and his grandson are looking for their cow, and venture into the woods. They climb a tree and see a retinue come out of the river: an ugly woman comes and begs for a man named Shohzodalal to dance before her. The old man and the grandson tell the story to Durbonu. Durbonu gets a sleeping potion from Nurbonu and goes to the river margin to wait for Shohzodalal. The div retinue comes out of the river. As Shohzodalal dances, Durbonu tosses him her ring to let him know she is there. After deceiving his mother, Shohzodalal climbs up the tree where Durbonu is, and plots with her to get rid of his div mother once and for all. In their notes, Gryunberg-Tsvetinovich and Steblin-Kamensky explained that the hero's name, "Shohzodalal", was translated as "Prince Lal", "lal" meaning 'ruby', while the heroine's name, "Durbonu", meant 'lady pearl'.

Paragraph 26: By 2011, Whitney has fallen in love with Connor. But it soon ends when Whitney finds out that Connor has been two-timing with her and Bianca's mother Carol (Lindsey Coulson). Appalled, she rejects them and informs Bianca about this; Bianca responds by attacking Connor before turning herself into the police and being imprisoned. Whitney and Carol argue over Connor, and Whitney feels she is not wanted by her family so decides to move out and stays with Ricky's sister and Ryan's wife Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). Later on, Whitney begins working for Janine's enemy Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) after she offers her a work trial at The Vic for a job. It nearly falls apart when Kat catches Whitney giving free drinks to Janine, but she lets her off - telling Whitney she is a natural - and Whitney soon works well at the till. When Kat catches her stealing again, she sacks Whitney, leaving Janine angry with her for this. After Whitney sees Janine successfully pickpocket someone, she decides to try it herself - but ends up being hit in the face. Whitney is thereupon approached by a man called Rob Grayson (Jody Latham), who helps her and buys her food before returns her to Albert Square; he also gives Whitney his phone number before she returns home. Whitney later tries to kiss Max, causing her to fall out with Lauren. She also argues with Carol, rejects Ricky and is rejected by Liam, Tiffany and Morgan for ruining Ricky's birthday cake days earlier. Upset, Whitney contacts Rob and asks to stay with him - to which he accepts. She throws her phone away and tells nobody that she is going. Janine lies about Whitney's whereabouts but when she admits she does not know where Whitney is, Lauren (now played by Jacqueline Jossa) and Janine attempt to find her, and Lauren sees her in Dartford going into a club. Lauren goes back with her to her bedsit, but Whitney does not want to go, saying she and Rob are in love. Lauren is then thrown out by Rob. Whitney has sex with a man called Chris (Richard Simons) and it is revealed that Whitney has been having sex with Rob's friends to pay off his debts to them. Janine tries to get Whitney to come home but she refuses, and Rob ejects Janine. Rob then drags Whitney out of the house and into his car, while Janine and Lauren see them driving off. They go to a house where Whitney meets another woman Chloe (Georgia Henshaw) who is being exploited. Whitney tells Rob she wants to leave, but he says to either be nice to his friends or he will hurt her. He locks her in a room so she breaks the window and escapes, stopping a car and asking for help, while Rob shouts after her.

Paragraph 27: Left New York for Washington, D. C, March 10, 1862. Duty in the defenses of Washington, D.C., until May 1862. Moved to Harpers Ferry, Va., May. Defense of Harpers Ferry against Jackson's attack May 28–30. Operations in the Shenandoah Valley until August. Battle of Cedar Mountain August 9. Pope's Campaign in northern Virginia August 16-September 2. Guard trains during the campaign. Maryland Campaign September 6–22. Battle of Antietam September 16–17. Duty at Bolivar Heights until December. Reconnaissance to Rippon, Va., November 9. Expedition to Winchester December 2–6. March to Fredericksburg, Va., December 9–16. At Fairfax Station until January 20, 1863. "Mud March" January 20–24. Regiment detached in New York on special duty March 10-April 4. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Gettysburg Campaign June 11-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg July 1–3. Pursuit of Lee to Manassas Gap, Va., July 5–24. Duty on line of the Rappahannock until September. Movement to Bridgeport, Ala., September 24-October 3. Reopening Tennessee River October 26–29. Guarding railroad until November. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Battle of Lookout Mountain November 23–24. Battle of Missionary Ridge November 25. Battle of Ringgold Gap, Taylor's Ridge, November 27. Duty in Lookout Valley until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May 1-September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Near Cassville May 19. Advance on Dallas May 22–25. New Hope Church May 25. Battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 26-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Gilgal or Golgotha Church June 15. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Kolb's Farm June 22. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruff's Station, Smyrna Camp Ground, July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Operations at Chattahoochie River Bridge August 26-September 2. Occupation of Atlanta September 2-November 15. Expedition from Atlanta to Tuckum's Cross Roads October 26–29. Near Atlanta November 9. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Near Davidsboro November 28. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Carolinas Campaign January to April 1865. Battle of Bentonville, N.C., March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 9–13. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Duty at Washington, D.C., until July.

Paragraph 28: In September 2015 it was announced that the Medibank Icehouse had been renamed the O'Brien Group Arena following a lease takeover by the O'Brien Catering Group. The league announced that the Sydney Bears will host two games against the Melbourne Ice in Queensland during the 2016 season. The games, promoted under the title of the Brisbane Battle, will be held at Iceworld Boondall and Iceworld Acacia Ridge on 14 and 15 May respectively. The AIHL have not held a game in Queensland since the suspension of the Gold Coast Blue Tongues in 2012. In February 2016 the Sydney Ice Dogs announced that Reach Crane Trucks had renewed their sponsorship for 2016, extending the original three-year deal that was signed in 2013. The Ice Dogs later signed TAFE SWSi Aboriginal Learning Circle as a new sponsor for the season. Also in February Hards Transport renewed their naming rights sponsorship of the Adelaide Adrenaline. The Adrenaline also signed new sponsors Reading Cinemas, Paxton Wines and Mortgage Choice Malvern and extended their deal with the Hilton Hotel's MyBar as their official post-game venue. In March 2016 the CBR Brave signed Casino Canberra and McDonald's ACT as major sponsors and Canberra Toyota as their vehicle sponsor. The CBR Brave also extended their deal with Anytime Fitness as the club's official gym partner and the Hellenic Club of Canberra as their post-game partner and renewed their sponsorship deal with Jordo's Chop Shop. On 21 March 2016 the Bears announced that they had formed a partnership with the Australian Defence Force Ice Hockey Association's Army Knights for 2016. This was followed by the CBR Brave forming a partnership with the Navy Tigersharks. Both partnerships aim to help promote ice hockey within the Defence Force and develop emerging talent. The Bears partnership deal also includes discounted tickets for Defence Force members during the season. The Sydney Bears have reached a deal with Hawkesbury Radio to broadcast at least two of their home games for the 2016 season while also continuing to broadcast via their normal Mixlr stream. The Perth Thunder will also start live broadcasting their home games via Mixlr for the 2016 season. In April the Brave announced a partnership with the Canberra Cavalry of the Australian Baseball League to help increase promotion between the two teams. On 22 April the Perth Thunder announced that they had signed Smooth Financial Services as a platinum sponsor for the 2016 season. In May 2016 Hi-Tec Oils renewed their major sponsorship with the Sydney Bears for the season. Also in May The James Hotel signed a deal with the Melbourne Mustangs to become a major sponsor and host the club's pre and post-game functions.

Paragraph 29:  Alex Cross, the main character of the series. He has a Ph.D. in Psychology from Johns Hopkins University and has worked for both the Washington DC Police Department and Federal Bureau of Investigation. His wife was murdered by an assassin, which leaves Cross a widower with two children and his grandmother, Nana Mama. In the first few books he is alone until meets and falls in love with a woman named Christine, with whom he has a third child — a boy — named Alex Jr or Ali. During the books Cross is hunted by a criminal/threat in Washington, D.C., where he lives, which causes Christine to leave him out of fear. He is a detective who tries to be as close to his family as can be. After Christine left him, Alex later started dating again, but some of the women have either died or left him over the course of the novels. By the novel Cross, Alex discovers that an assassin named Jimmy Hats Galati, murdered his wife and was killed by his best friend, John Sampson, who didn't want Alex to go down the road of revenge.  Now having solved the murder of his wife, Alex finds the will to move on with his life, finding peace for the very first time. In the newest books, he begins a relationship with Bree Stone, whom he eventually marries. Since Roses Are Red up to Cross Fire, The Mastermind, Kyle Craig, has been his primary enemy. It is unknown exactly why Craig wants to kill Alex however. Craig is to have supposedly died in Cross Fire. Cross allows the adopted girl, Ava (after Nana Mama finds her in Kill Alex Cross), to live with his family.  Alex marries Bree in Cross Fire and is finally at peace with her. He has had three major love interests throughout the series, Maria Cross (his deceased wife), Christine Johnson (his ex-girlfriend, whom he'd been engaged to), and Bree (his current wife). He has been friends with Sampson since he was 10, meaning they've been friends since he first arrived in Washington, D.C. In Alex Cross, Run, Alex faces several cases and his life becomes severely complicated. When Ava is murdered, he finds her killer and avenges her death along with Bree. However, he still faces several issues: problems with his new wife, Bree; what he will do after Ava's death and whether he will continue being a detective; if he may have children with Bree; and if he will ever stop having to face the recurring problem in his life - endangering himself and his family all the time. Finally, his shrink says she will help him deal with his life for as long as it takes.

Paragraph 30: Others expressed mixed feelings. John Turturro, who cast Allen in his romantic comedy Fading Gigolo, said, "He was a respectful person to me professionally. Now is a different time. I wouldn't cast him now. ... I don't regret having worked with him". Greta Gerwig initially declined to answer questions about her work with Allen in To Rome with Love (2012). In 2018, while promoting Lady Bird, Gerwig came under scrutiny for her work with Allen. On NPR's Fresh Air, when she was asked about working with Allen, Gerwig said, "I think I'm living in that space of fear of being worried about how I talk about it and what I say." She responded to a similar question after Lady Bird won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy by saying, "[my] job right now I think is to occupy the position of writer and director." After being publicly criticized by Dylan Farrow for ignoring her allegations, Gerwig apologized for working with Allen. She elaborated in an interview with The New York Times: "Dylan Farrow's two different pieces made me realize that I increased another woman's pain, and I was heartbroken by that realization. I grew up on his movies, and they have informed me as an artist, and I cannot change that fact now, but I can make different decisions moving forward." Fanning said that she regretted her decision "if it hurt anyone" but did not apologize for working with Allen. Joaquin Phoenix said, "When I worked with Woody, I knew about the stuff that had come up years ago. I know his daughter ended up writing an open letter. I was not aware of that when we worked together." In an interview on NBC's Meet the Press, Jeff Daniels said, "Would I do another one with Woody? The difficult decision would be to turn him down, because of The Purple Rose of Cairo." Peter Sarsgaard, when asked whether he would work with Allen, said, "It's such a complicated question. I've already done a Woody Allen movie". Chloe Sevigny said, "I have my own turmoil that I'm grappling with over that decision. Would I work with him again? Probably not." Marion Cotillard said, "I have to say today, yeah, if he were to ask me again ... I don't think it would ever happen because the experience we had together was very odd. I admire some of his work but we had no connection on set."