Paragraph 1: In 2003, Johnston joined the program Players Inc Radio when it moved to Fox Sports Radio. The program was sponsored by NFL Players Inc. Since 2013, Johnston has worked as a color commentator alongside Kenny Albert and formerly Dick Stockton.  Previously, Johnston was on the second broadcast team with Stockton from 2001–06 and Albert from 2007-13. He also worked with Tony "Goose" Siragusa, until Siragusa's firing from the network following the 2015 season. In 2000, Johnston got his start calling NFL games by working the regular season and doing the High Definition broadcast of Super Bowl XXXV with Kevin Harlan for CBS Sports. He was an analyst for the NFL Network's "Total Access" until 2012. Johnston also began calling the collegiate Cotton Bowl Classic game for Fox in 2009, first with Pat Summerall, and then eventually Kenny Albert. He also was a guest star of the PBS television series Wishbone in its episode "Moonbone". He appears as a regular guest on First Things First on FS1 (2017/2018) with Cris Carter, Nick Wright and Jenna Wolfe. In 2017, he continued his esteemed broadcasting career with NFL on FOX, teamed with Chris Myers and Laura Okmin. In 2020, he became paired with Kevin Burkhardt and Pam Oliver. He is currently paired with Joe Davis and Pam Oliver as the number 2 crew with FOX.

Paragraph 2: All missions are based upon actual missions ranging from strafing attacks of World War II, the open dogfights of late 20th century air warfare, and the combat missions of Vietnam, which included bomber escorts. The name of the actual pilot involved and the outcome of the encounter are told to the player, as a way for the player to judge air combat prowess (though it did not affect the overall scoring). This feature separated the game from other similar games of its time, and influenced future work on later flight simulations. However, large, famous battles in the wars are not included (for example, there are no D-Day, Pearl Harbor, or Battle of Britain missions). For World War II, the missions are based solely on the European Theater of Operations.

Paragraph 3:  Kerry and Kay Danes are an Australian husband and wife who were controversially arrested and subjected to physical violence on 23 December 2000 by authorities in Laos. The Danes were detained without charge in a detention centre in Vientiane, Laos, for six months until formal charges were laid on 13 June 2001. According to the Australian Foreign Ministry, the Danes were wrongly accused by the Pathet Lao officials in Laos of embezzlement, destruction of evidence and violation of Laotian tax regulations. On 28 June 2001, the Danes were taken to the Laotian Municipal Court in Vientiane where they faced trial by a judge and prosecutor appointed by communist officials. The already typed judgment was delivered within 25 minutes. Found guilty, they were sentenced to 7 years imprisonment and ordered to pay compensation, which led to the intervention of the Australian Government. On 6 November 2001 the Danes were pardoned by the President of Laos. After their ordeal, Kay Danes became a human rights advocate and in 2012 was named as an Australian of the Year state finalist. Following the release of Kerry and Kay Danes in Laos, Kay Danes was invited to speak at the U.S. Congressional Forum on Laos in Washington, D.C., in the U.S. House of Representatives and the Library of Congress, where she testified in 2002 and on numerous occasions on Capitol Hill regarding human rights violations in Laos and the plight of political prisoners and foreign prisoners held by the communist government of Laos. Kay Danes was appointed an Honorary Advisor to the Executive Office of the Prime Minister representing the Royal Lao Government in Exile. She is recognised throughout the Laotian community as the most effective mover they have had, as an ally, in their long-standing struggle for freedom from persecution. She was a driving force behind the establishment of the United Lao Action Centre in Washington DC - to give a voice to those seeking to uphold the rights of victims of human rights abuses and victims of injustice. Kay Danes lobbied at several US Congressional Forums for greater consideration to new foreign investors embarking on new business ventures in Laos, to avoid some of the pitfalls of working in such a challenging environment. One of the many highlights of her advocacy was to engage the US Government, in particular, President George Bush's direct representative, in a debate on the Normalised Trade Relations Agreement  between the US and Laos, insisting on greater protections for foreigners investing in Laos, prior to its implementation. The NTR agreement was effectively delayed until such assurances could be given.

Paragraph 4: Safdarabad, formerly known as Mandi Dhaban Singh, is a City of Sheikhupura District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Mandi Dhaban Singh has been a famous grain market and it was named after Dhaab Singh a Sikh settler in the area after 1876 settlement plan of British Colonialists . Firstly, mandi Dhabban singh was just a railway station and it was after Chaudhry Chunni Laal (a Hindu investor and entrepreneur) the city had taken a new look, Chunni Laal was an excellent entrepreneur and had owned almost 80% capital of the city. He had a cotton factory called "Chaudhery Cotton Mill", a last chimney of this factory was replaced by The Boutter Market.The City is the headquarter of Safdarabad Tehsil - an administrative subdivision of the district. Safdarabad was named after Mr Safdar-Ul-Haq Dogar Known as "Chabba Dogar". He was a Member Of Provincial Assembly who was murdered in 1989 in front of Punjab Assembly Lahore. He was nephew of X-MPA Sardar Abdul Rasheed Dogar (1990 election) and Brother of X-MPA Sardar Saeed-ul Haq Dogar (1997 election).The then Chief Minister, Mian Nawaz Sharif named the city safdarabad after him on his visit after Safdar's Death, but when Rai Ijaz won the election of provincial assembly in 1993 and become provincial minister for forests then Safderabad was once named as "Ahmed pur" after Haji Ahmed hassan father of both Rai saeed and Rai Ijaz. In 1997 general election again dogar group won the election of provincial assembly and asked Mian Shahbaz shareef to issue a notification once again regarding name of the city, Shahbaz shareef restored the name "Safdarabad", Fight on naming the city after their own loved ones remained furious for a decade and the then DPO sheikhupura and some other officials had requested both dogar and rajput groups to bury the hatchet. Both groups were called in a mosque and were sworn to remain agree on one name "Safderabad".

Paragraph 5: During his attempts to establish the truth, Sathyam faces various troubles. The Minister's proxies give him various troubles by killing children by offering them ice creams laced with drugs to eat and killing his mother. When Sathyam arrests Acharya, the Minister's proxy, and takes him to court, the Minister's henchmen attack him while driving and Sathyam is stabbed. Thillanayagam (Dilli Babu in Telugu version), the other proxy, shoots Acharya and blames Sathyam. Sathyam performs his mother's funeral rites and is suspended from the force and jailed. Manicka Vel, to be released the next day, feels sad for Sathyam and laments his loss in the jail. Thillanayagam runs for MLA with the Minister's support so that he cannot be harmed by Sathyam. He gloats to Sathyam at the jail about his newfound power and challenges Sathyam's honor and dignity. At a public rally for Thillanayagam's candidature, the Kondal Dasan openly challenges and insults Sathyam, who is released from jail by a sympathetic officer and coming to disrupt the public rally. Manicka Vel stands in the corner aiming to kill Thillanayagam and the Dasan. Sathyam arrives and exposes the Minister and Thillanayagam by shooting them and forcing them to confess the truth about the Minister's intentions and the death of the proxy. Thillanayagam reveals everything about himself, Acharya, and Dasan. While lamenting the situation he is in and calling for reform, Sathyam is shot by the Minister's henchman and questions the honesty and trust his people and fellow officers have in him. Manicka Vel arrives on the scene and salutes Sathyam, with other officers following suit. A newscast is shown with Kondal Dasan and Thillanayagam being arrested and Sathyam is reinstated in the police force. Sathyam is promoted to Deputy Commissioner by the Chief Minister and marries Deivanayaki, and the credits roll.

Paragraph 6: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while serving as a Squad Leader in Company B, First Battalion, Seventh Marines, First Marine Division (Reinforced), in action against enemy aggressor forces in Korea on 12 September 1951. With his company pinned down and suffering heavy casualties under murderous machine-gun, rifle, artillery and mortar fire laid down from heavily fortified, deeply entrenched hostile strongholds on Hill 673, Sergeant Mausert unhesitatingly left his covered position and ran through a heavily mined and fire-swept area to bring back two critically wounded men to the comparative safety of the lines. Staunchly refusing evacuation despite a painful head wound sustained during his voluntary act, he insisted on remaining with his squad and, with his platoon ordered into the assault moments later, took the point position and led his men in a furious bayonet charge against the first of a literally impregnable series of bunkers. Stunned and knocked to the ground when another bullet struck his helmet, he regained his feet and resumed his drive, personally silencing the machine-gun and leading his men in eliminating several other emplacements in the area. Promptly reorganizing his unit for a renewed fight to the final objective on top of the ridge, Sergeant Mausert boldly left his position when the enemy's fire gained momentum and, making a target of himself, boldly advanced alone into the face of the machine gun, drawing the fire away from his men and enabling them to move into position to assault. Again severely wounded when the enemy's fire found its mark, he still refused aid and continued spearheading the assault to the topmost machine-gun nest and bunkers, the last bulwark of the fanatic aggressors. Leaping into the wall of fire, he destroyed another machine-gun with grenades before he was mortally wounded by bursting grenades and machine-gun fire. Stouthearted and indomitable, Sergeant Mausert, by his fortitude, great personal valor and extraordinary heroism in the face of almost certain death, had inspired his men to sweep on, overrun and finally secure the objective. His unyielding courage throughout reflects the highest credit upon himself and the United States Marine Corps. He gallantly gave his life for his country.

Paragraph 7: The progression begins with Reg Birkett's try, scored in the first international rugby match of any code in 1871 when England succumbed to Scotland at Raeburn Place. When Birkett's try was scored, it was not worth any points in itself, but rather afforded the opportunity of the scoring side to kick a goal, or a "try at goal", which England failed to convert. Birkett, who also played association football for England, was for a short time during the match the joint international record holder as well, matching Angus Buchanan's earlier effort for Scotland. Despite the record being but a single try, Birkett's mark of one try for England stood for almost six years, although this equated at the time to just ten matches. In that time, at least a further eleven players matched the feat of scoring a try for England before William Hutchinson scored his second try of the match and his career in the eleventh England match on 5 February 1877. Hutchinson set a mark that was to last for exactly four years when Henry Taylor, who had already equalled the record, scored three times against Ireland on 5 February 1881. Taylor played in the same side as another prolific scorer of tries, George Burton. Burton equalled the mark of five tries in England's comprehensive victory over Wales in the latter's first international. In that match, on 19 February 1881, of the thirteen tries scored, Taylor scored once but Burton scored four times, which was in itself a record haul for one match that was to last until 1907. The tries scored in this match brought both players to six apiece, but as to which of these players reached that mark first is unclear. It was not until 1885 that another pairing of prolific try scorers, Wilfred Bolton and Charles Wade, both equalled the haul of six tries. Wade went on to hold the record outright for over fifteen years after he scored his seventh try on 2 January 1886 against Wales. It was Tot Robinson that was to break this record on 9 March 1901 with his mark of eight tries and no one challenged this until Arthur Hudson equalled and then broke it at Parc des Princes when England defeated France on 3 March 1910. For the third time, England was fielding a pairing of prolific try scorers, and alongside Hudson was John Birkett. John Birkett was the son of England's first try scorer, Reg Birkett and had scored the first try at Twickenham Stadium. He went on to set the England record with ten tries on 8 April 1912.

Paragraph 8: The main feud on the Raw brand was between Goldberg and Triple H, with the two feuding over the World Heavyweight Championship. At SummerSlam, Triple H and Goldberg were involved in the Elimination Chamber match for the World Heavyweight Championship. After Goldberg eliminated three other men in that match, he went after Triple H. At the end, Goldberg attempted another Spear on Triple H, who countered the maneuver by hitting Goldberg in the head with a sledgehammer for the win. On the August 25 episode of Raw, Goldberg issued a one-on-one challenge to Triple H. Triple H came out and stated that he would defend the World Heavyweight Championship against Goldberg at Unforgiven. Triple H added the stipulation that should Goldberg lose, he would retire from professional wrestling. At Unforgiven, Goldberg defeated Triple H when he performed a Jackhammer to win the title. On the September 29 episode of Raw, Triple H made an announcement, offering a bounty of $100,000 to anyone who could successfully "take out" Goldberg. The first person that attempted to take the bounty was Steven Richards, but Goldberg quickly took him out. Many other people tried and failed to take him out including La Résistance, Mark Henry and Tommy Dreamer. It was during a World Heavyweight Championship match between Goldberg and Shawn Michaels on the October 20 episode of Raw, however, that he was taken out. Batista ran-in, dragged Michaels out of the ring and, in storyline, assaulted him. Batista then entered the ring, and proceeded to attack Goldberg. He put a folding chair around Goldberg's ankle, before jumping off the middle rope onto the chair, in storyline, "shattering" Goldberg's ankle. Evolution then made their way to the ring, and gave the $100,000 bounty to Batista. With Goldberg seemingly out of action, Raw Co-General Manager Eric Bischoff looked set to present Triple H with the World Heavyweight Championship on the October 27 episode of Raw. The other Co-General Manager of Raw, Stone Cold Steve Austin came to the ring, however, and announced that Goldberg would be back to face Triple H for the World Heavyweight Championship at Survivor Series. Goldberg got his revenge on Batista on the November 3 episode of Raw as he performed a spear to Batista. He attempted to injure Batista using the same technique that Batista used on Goldberg. Ric Flair tried to intervene, but he too got speared. Austin then announced that Batista and Goldberg would go one-on-one. On the November 10 episode of Raw, Goldberg looked set to beat Batista, but Triple H interfered, signaling a Disqualification. Triple H got his signature Sledgehammer out from underneath the ring, and looked set to attack Goldberg with it, but Goldberg managed to fight back, and speared Triple H. Goldberg picked up the sledgehammer, and attacked Batista with it.

Paragraph 9: Lady Macbeth is a powerful presence in the play, most notably in the first two acts. Following the murder of King Duncan, however, her role in the plot diminishes. She becomes an uninvolved spectator to Macbeth's plotting and a nervous hostess at a banquet dominated by her husband's hallucinations. Her sleepwalking scene in the fifth act is a turning point in the play, and her line "Out, damned spot!" has become a phrase familiar to many speakers of the English language. The report of her death late in the fifth act provides the inspiration for Macbeth's "Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow" speech.

Paragraph 10: Awards and decorations1921: Awarded an exceptional move, the 3rd Battalion of the Fiscal Guard degree of Officer of the Order of the Tower and of the Sword, of Valour, Loyalty and Merit (by the action of this Battalion in Republican Revolt 31 January 1891, in the city. Porto). 1934: Order of the Tower and of the Sword, of Valour, Loyalty and Merit to the National Guard. 1965: Grand Cross of the Order of Christ the National Guard. 1984: Praise the Minister of Internal Affairs to the National Guard. 1985: Order of the Tower and of the Sword, of Valour, Loyalty and Merit the Fiscal Guard.1986: Honorary Member of the Military Order of Aviz the National Guard. 1988: Order of Christ the Fiscal Guard. 1990: Municipal Merit Medal, gold grade, Mayor of Lisbon, the Fiscal Guard. 1993: Medal Ensign Joaquim José da Silva Xavier, the Federal Military Police of the Brasilia National Guard. 1994: Gold Medal for Distinguished Service to the Public Safety Fiscal Guard.2004: Praise the Minister of Internal Affairs to the National Guard. 2005: Distinguished Service, with palm, the Subassemblies ALFA GNR (mission in Iraq).2006: Praise from the President to the Presidential Squadron, Cavalry Regiment of the GNR. 2006: title of honorary member of the Order of Prince Henry the Symphonic Band of the GNR. 2006: title of honorary member of the Order of Prince Henry the Cavalry Regiment of the GNR. 2008: Praise and gold medal for distinguished services, granted by the Minister of Internal Affairs, the Units of extinct GNR, namely: Territorial Brigade Nos. 2, 3, 4 and 5, Brigade Tax, Traffic Brigade, Infantry Regiment, and Cavalry. 2010: Praise the Minister of Internal Affairs to the National Guard. 2010: Title of honorary member of the Order of Prince Henry the National Guard. 2010: Order of Timor-Leste National Guard. 2011: Praise the Minister of Internal Affairs to the National Guard. 2011: Honorary Member of the Order of Liberty National Guard.

Paragraph 11: In the opening match veteran Tigre Blanco teamed up with the young Molotov to take on the team of Disturbio and Inquisidor. The combination of youth and experience overcame their opponents as Tigre Blanco and Molotov won two falls to one. The second match saw the continuation of a storyline feud between Rey Cometa and Puma King as they were on opposite sides of a Best two out of three falls six-man tag team match. Cometa teamed up with Starman and Stuka, Jr. while Puma King teamed with the veteran rudos (wrestlers who portray the "bad guy" characters, also called "heel")  Sangre Azteca and Virus. In the third and deciding fall Puma King caused his team to be disqualified when he landed an illegal low blow on Rey Cometa, furthering the tension between the two that had already been building over the previous month or so. The third match saw Lady Apache continue her rudo ways, firmly establishing her as a rudo as she teamed up with La Seductora and Princesa Blanca to take on the team of Dark Angel, Estrellita and Goya Kong. In the first fall Goya Kong pulled La Seductora's mask off, drawing a disqualification for her team. While her actions in previous weeks could be explained as being emotional or making a mistake, her actions in the second fall clearly demonstrated Lady Apache's switch to the opposite side as she threw a handful of white powder in Dark Angel's face while the referee was distracted. Apache quickly pinned the temporarily blinded Dark Angel. Following the match all competitors talked about the upcoming Infierno en el Ring steel cage match that would take place the following week. Over the previous weeks the group known as Los Guerreros del Infierno had been showing signs of dissension, especially between group leader Último Guerrero and Rey Escorpión. Tonight the two teamed up with Dragón Rojo, Jr. to take on the team of Diamante Azul, La Mascara and La Sombra. Rey Escorpión forced La Sombra to submit in the first fall, with Los Guerreros taking the second fall for their side. During the third and final fall Guerrero locked in a submission hold on La Mascara, seemingly with victory in hand. Then Rey Escorpión entered the ring and applied a second submission hold on La Mascara, which caused the referee to disqualify the team for excessive violence, costing them the match just as it looked like Los Guerrero del Infierno were about to win. Following the loss Último Guerrero expressed his dissatisfaction with his team mate.

Paragraph 12: United Nations Administrative tribunal  with Judge Sumar Sen as president,  in a seminal  Judgment on affirmative action,  held   : "that the various resolutions for Improvement of the status of women in the Secretariat which have been referred to and statements of the Secretary-General have conceded the existence of an unsatisfactory history with respect to the recruitment and promotion of women that does not accord with Article 8 of the Charter. In such circumstances, the Tribunal considers that Article 8 of the Charter must be regarded as a source of authority for reasonable efforts to improve the status of women. It would be anomalous indeed if this  unsatisfactory history had to remain unremedied for an unduly long period. Unless affirmative action measures are taken towards ameliorating the effects of this past history, they will, without doubt, be perpetuated for many years. This is incompatible with the objectives of Article 8, as recognized by the General Assembly. Hence, the Tribunal concludes that Article 8 permits the adoption of reasonable affirmative action measures for improvement of the status of women." The Tribunal added that,  "as long as affirmative action is required to redress the gender imbalance with which the Secretary-General and the General Assembly have been concerned, Article 8 of the Charter would permit, as a reasonable measure, preferential treatment to women candidates where their qualifications are substantially equal to the qualifications of competing male candidates; obviously such a preference is not needed if a woman's qualifications are superior". The Tribunal, however, cautioned that affirmative action, however laudable, did not justify any weakening of the requirements of Article 101 (3) of the Charter that officials of the Organization be of "the highest standards of efficiency, competence and integrity": "In evaluating the reasonableness of affirmative action measures, pertinent provisions of the Charter may not be ignored.  The Tribunal considers that, with respect to affirmative action measures, it would be impermissible to view Article 8 of the Charter as overriding Article 101 (3) ... This language unequivocally establishes a standard under which less qualified persons are not entitled to preferential treatment based on gender. The fundamental principle reflected in Article 101 (3) may not be diluted by a desire, however commendable, to overcome past problems.” The Tribunal concluded that, "as long as affirmative action is required to redress the gender imbalance with which the Secretary-General and the General Assembly have been concerned, Article 8 of the Charter would permit, as a reasonable measure, preferential treatment to women candidates where their qualifications are substantially equal to the qualifications of competing male candidates(emphasis added); obviously such a preference is not needed if a woman's qualifications are superior".

Paragraph 13: In his youth, Bettencourt was a member of La Cagoule (The Hood), a violent French fascist-leaning and anti-communist group. Eugène Schueller, founder of L'Oréal, provided financial support and held meetings for La Cagoule at the company's headquarters. In the 1990s, Jean Frydman, a shareholder and board member of L'Oréal's film and television subsidiary Paravision, alleged that he had been sacked in 1989 as the senior management at L'Oréal sought to avoid an Arab boycott of firms with Jewish links. Frydman held joint French and Israeli citizenship. Frydman also turned up the fact that Bettencourt had written several articles for a Nazi propaganda organ during World War II. From 1940 to 1942, Bettencourt wrote more than 60 articles for La Terre Française, a newspaper that flourished with Nazi German financing during the occupation of France. In a special Easter issue in 1941, he described Jews as 'hypocritical Pharisees' whose 'race has been forever sullied by the blood of the righteous. They will be cursed'. Bettencourt attempted to dismiss the journalism as "errors of youth", claiming that his judgement was clouded by the propaganda of Vichy France. "I have repeatedly expressed my regrets concerning them in public and will always beg the Jewish community to forgive me for them".

Paragraph 14: Both men and women dance together, dressed in traditional costume. At the commencement of the dance, participants form two circles, the women, who form a small inner circle, are encompassed by men, who form a large circle around them, and They move first in clockwise then in anti-clockwise direction determining the rhythm of the dance by the beating together of sticks and striking of drums. As the dance proceeds, the participants change places, with men forming the inner circle. Sometimes, it is performed exclusively by men folk. At that time, a series of half-swirls make up a simpler version of the dance depending on the dancer`s ability & proficiency, it is danced with a series of intricate pattern steps. The striking of sticks gives the dance a vigorous character & consistent tempo. Gair dances by Bhil folk are performed with wearing colourful dresses and carrying swords, arrows and sticks. It is the major attraction of people. There are many differences in the performance of men and women in this dance. The sticks used in the dance are called Khanda. It is danced with a series of intricate pattern steps. The striking of the sticks gives the dance a vigorous character and a consistent tempo. When they are dancing it seems as if they are depicting a scene from war front. It is believed by the locals that this dance must have got some significance to war. This form of dance is also seen in Africa and Central Asia. These sticks are very attractive and catch every eye. The sticks play vital role in the dance. They are very thin and does not carry much of weight and give a flare look. These sticks are cut from the Gundi tree and involves little cleaning process. In some places instead of sticks swords are used .In one hand the dancers carries the naked sword and in the other hand is occupied with Khanda(a name of sword in Rajasthan) or the stick.  Apart from this Gair is also of third type in which the dancers carry sword in one hand and in the other hand they carry the wooden sword.

Paragraph 15: The Church itself is used by Christ as a means of grace: "As sacrament, the Church is Christ's instrument. 'She is taken up by him also as the instrument for the salvation of all', 'the universal sacrament of salvation'." The conviction that the Church herself is the primary means of grace can be traced back to Irenaeus, who was expressing a common conviction when he said: "Where the church is, there is the Spirit of God; and where the Spirit of God is, there is the church, and every kind of grace." However, as the Second Vatican Council lamented, "although the Catholic Church has been endowed with all divinely revealed truth and with all means of grace, yet its members fail to live by them with all the fervor that they should".

Paragraph 16: Carroll was born in Fayetteville, North Carolina, on April 8, 1958, the son of Maurice C. and Margaret W. Carroll.  Although his parents resided in New Jersey, his father's military service carried him to Fort Bragg at the time of his son's birth.  Both of Carroll's parents are former reporters, his father having written for the New York Herald Tribune, The New York Times and Newsday, while his mother wrote for the Daily Record. His father has been the director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute. He is of German and Irish descent. Carroll moved with his family to Morris Township, New Jersey in 1960. Carroll attended public school in the Morris School District through grammar school, then Delbarton School, from which he graduated in 1976.  He attended Johns Hopkins University, earning a B.A. in Social and Behavioral Sciences in 1980.  He pursued his legal education at Rutgers School of Law–Newark, receiving his J.D. in 1983. While at Johns Hopkins, Carroll served as the Region II Co-Director for the College Republican National Federation and held various offices in the Johns Hopkins Republican Club, including President.  In 1978, he interned in the offices of Congressman Jack Kemp.  During law school, he served briefly as an aide to State Senator John Dorsey. He also founded the Morris County Young Republicans, serving as the Chairman of that group for four years.  He was first elected to the Morris County Republican Committee for Morris Township in 1980.  In 1984, after moving to Morristown, he was elected to the Republican County Committee there, serving as chairman for one term.  Returning to Morris Township, he was once again elected to the Republican County Committee, a position he presently holds.  He is also a Member of the Knights of Columbus, the Federalist Society and the Friendly Sons of Saint Patrick.

Paragraph 17: India disagrees with Pakistan's claims because in 1908, when the dispute arose between the Sindh Division and Rao Maharaj, the whole area was under the legal jurisdiction of the Bombay Presidency of British India, including the Sindh Division and the territory of Rao Maharaj. The Sindh Division was separated from the Bombay Presidency only on 1 April 1936 when it became the Sindh Province. The government of the Bombay Presidency conducted a survey in 1911 and awarded a dispute resolution verdict in 1914 containing two contradictory paragraphs. Paragraph 9 of the verdict states that the border between Kutch and Sindh lies to the east of Sir Creek, whereas paragraph 10 of the verdict further qualifies that "since Sir Creek is navigable most of the year. According to international law and the thalweg principle, a boundary can only be fixed in the middle of the navigable channel, which meant that it has been divided between Sindh and Kutch, and thereby India and Pakistan." The text of the resolution suggests that the resolution was based on the thalweg principle. India supports its stance by citing the thalweg doctrine in international law. The thalweg legal principle states that if the border between two political entities is stated to be a waterway without further description (e.g. a median line, right bank, eastern shore, low tide line, etc.), the boundary follows the thalweg of that watercourse; in particular, the boundary follows the center of the principal navigable channel of the waterway (which is presumably the deepest part). If there are multiple navigable channels in a river, the one principally used for downstream travel (likely having the strongest current) is used. When the thalweg principle is applied, the UNCLOS (United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea) supports India's position, which "would result in the shifting of the land/sea terminus point several kilometres to the detriment of Pakistan, leading in turn to a loss of several thousand square kilometres of its Exclusive Economic Zone under the United Nations Convention on Law of the Sea."

Paragraph 18: Although Jardine’s Lookout is commonly known as where Cavendish Heights is located at, the multi-block estate sits on the fringe of Jardine’s Lookout, on the border of Mount Butler, which is on the eastern side of block one. Residential buildings such as Park Garden, Flora Garden and Elm Tree Towers on Tai Hang Drive and Chun Fai Road are considered as the upper part of Tai Hang, below Mount Butler not Jardine’s Lookout. The area has large detached houses in private lots and more moderate townhouses. Low-rise and high-rise apartments make up the rest of the community. Houses in private lots include ones built in the 1950s which were in recent years sold to wealthy mainlanders. In 2015, Cheung Chung-kiu, Chairman of CC Land, reportedly purchased 1 Purves Road for about HK$760 million, or around HK$100,000 per square foot. In 2019, Joseph Lau Luen-hung's residence at Goldsmith Road ranked the fifth as Hong Kong’s most expensive residential properties in rental value estimated by the Hong Kong Government, with an annual estimated rental value of HK$8.23 million. In 2018, this house was reportedly by Apple Daily to be worth HK$2.5 billion. Translating into HK$250,000 per sq. ft. based on internal floor area of around 10,000 square feet,) it is the most valuable house in Hong Kong, followed by 75 Deep Water Bay Road. In 2020, the site at 20 Perkins Road was sold for HK$850 million representing a 40 percent drop compared to previous market transactions. This price translated into over HK$82,000 per square foot compared to another site on Perkins Road in 2018 which changed hands at HK$145,000 per square foot.  

Paragraph 19: The film begins with the birthday celebrations of Baghdad prince Faruk when Chief Commander Vazeer Hussain (Rajanala) forcibly collects taxes from the public. Sultan (Mikkilineni) of Baghdad realises it and one night he travels in disguise to identify the truth. At that moment, Vazeer kills him, confines his Begam Saheba (Pandari Bai) in prison and also tries to eliminate the Prince, but he is saved by Ibrahim (Mukkamala), a blind loyal royal agent. After that, Vazeer becomes Sultan of Baghdad. Ibrahim shifts to Basra, Faruk grows as Abu (N. T. Rama Rao) and becomes a kind-hearted burglar who helps the poor along with his friend Ali (Padmanabham). One day he enters Basra Sultan's (Relangi) palace, where he gets the acquaintance of princess Naseem (Jayalalitha) and both of them fall in love. Meanwhile, Vazeer arrives at Basra, decides to marry Naseem by luring the Sultan to which Naseem refuses and escapes. At the same time, Abu enters into the palace to meet Naseem when Vazeer captures him. Even after escaping Naseem comes into Vazeer's fold and he takes her to Baghdad. On the other side, Abu breaks out the jail with the help of Ali, learns regarding Naseem and reaches Baghdad. After reaching Baghdad palace he recognises himself as the prince. Now Abu makes a plan along with Nazeem to find his mother. There onwards, Abu makes huge robberies in the kingdom and attains the name  The Thief of Baghdad. Meanwhile, Ali insults a street magician, so, he converts him into a monkey and says that he will get his original form if he dips into the water. Abu recognises that the monkey is his friend Ali and keeps him in the palace at Sadiq (Madhukuuri Satyam) Vazeer's son. Parallelly, Nazeem pretends love with Vazeer, finds the whereabouts of Begam Saheba and Abu releases his mother. But unfortunately, they were caught by soldiers, Vazeer orders to leave Abu in the desert, and throw Ali (Monkey) into the well and they do so. Then Ali comes into his original form. Meanwhile, Ibrahim generates public to revolt, all of them reach the fort along with Begam Saheba and reveal the entire truth. Eventually, in the desert, Abu liberates a demon, for which he gets a flying carpet as a gift; with its help, he immediately rushes the fort and stamps out Vazeer. Finally, Abu / Faruk becomes the emperor of Baghdad and marries Nazeem.

Paragraph 20: In August 2006, Milian sued the co-writer and producer of "Dip It Low", Poli Paul, claiming that Paul "very definitively" assured her that "there were no samples whatsoever in [...] 'Dip It Low'". The issue had arisen in February 2005, when Thomas Turino, Larry Crook, and Dan Dickey sued Milian over the song, claiming that it contained a sample from a track they released in 1983 called "La Sirena". The lawsuit claimed that Paul heard the album while in a record store, liked the tune and sampled twelve seconds of it for "Dip It Low". These twelve seconds are repeated in a loop throughout the entire song. This suit was successful and the plaintiffs recovered over a million dollars (after lawyer expenses) divided 40% for Turino (the composer of the theme of the song), and 30% each for Dickey and Crook.  Milian claimed that she had to spend more than $300,000 defending herself in the case, which she settled in 2006, and wanted $300,000 plus damages from Paul and his associate, Spencer Cowlings Entertainment. In November 2006, Paul countersued the Island Def Jam Music Group and its parent company, Universal Music Group. Paul alleged that Island Def Jam was "negligent in its obligation to obtain clearance and proper licensing for any copyrighted material" used on the album. In February 2006, a superior court judge ruled that Paul's attorneys had failed to file a sworn declaration in the given period of time, but allowed them to file an amended complaint. Paul's lawyers amended the countersuit and added Milian as a defendant, saying that she was also negligent and that she should compensate him for money he spent in the copyright action. In June 2006, Universal Music Group filed a breach-of-contract suit against Milian and Paul. The record label claimed it was forced to pay attorney fees as a result of the litigation between Milian and Paul. The suit also said that Paul owes the company attorneys' fees from an earlier federal court case involving "Dip It Low".

Paragraph 21: Moving to Walford with her grandchildren in 2002, Nana's family become worried when she starts to become overly forgetful. It is suspected that she has Alzheimer's disease, but it turns out to be water on the brain, which is operated on with no lasting cognitive effects. Nana meets a pensioner, Wilfred Atkins (Dudley Sutton), while on holiday at the seaside. They plan to marry, but on their wedding day Alfie exposes him as a fraud as he plans to flee with some of Victoria's possessions. She is devastated, and Wilfred leaves Walford having conned Pat Evans (Pam St. Clement) out of £30,000. In 2005, Nana is diagnosed with an aortic aneurysm, and takes the decision to die, as her chances of surviving an operation were low due to her age (84). She works on a wish list of things she wants to do before her death, such as getting arrested, playing poker, to have tea with the Queen and to visit her dead husband's grave in Normandy. Alfie takes her to France to fulfill one of her wishes on Armistice Day 2005. Nana lays flowers on William's grave and tells him she will see him very soon. Alfie's emotional state is badly affected by Nana's deteriorating health. As Christmas 2005 approached, the strain and stress on Alfie escalates. Still determined to do whatever his grandmother wishes, he tries to enjoy what he knew would be his final days with her. Per one of her wishes, Alfie buys Nana a battery-operated, dancing toy snowman and helps her decorate the Moon house for Christmas. As Nana and Alfie sit, watching the dancing snowman, the batteries run out. Alfie turns to his grandmother and is heartbroken to see that she has peacefully died on the sofa.

Paragraph 22:  In Harry Turtledove's Southern Victory alternate history series (American Empire: The Center Cannot Hold and American Empire: The Victorious Opposition), Herbert Hoover was initially elected vice president in 1932 on the Democratic ticket with Calvin Coolidge. Despite the prosperity of the country under Socialist President Upton Sinclair after the Great War (1914–1917), the fortunes of the country had fallen dramatically under Sinclair's successor, Hosea Blackford. The strong stock market which had characterized most of the 1920s had finally crashed in 1929. President Blackford was unable to deal satisfactorily with the resulting depression. In 1932, the United States found itself in the Pacific War against the Empire of Japan. While the war was largely a stalemate on the ocean, Japan ran a successful air-raid on the city of Los Angeles on the very day that Blackford was in-town for a rally. Thus, when Hoover was nominated to be Coolidge's running mate, the Democrats were in the strongest position they had been in for over a decade. Coolidge defeated Blackford handily. However, Coolidge died on January 5, 1933, of a heart attack, less than a month before he was to take office on February 1, and so Vice President-elect Hoover became the 31st president in his stead. Although Hoover was a Democrat, his Secretary of War was Franklin D. Roosevelt, a lifelong Socialist politician in spite of being a relative of staunch Democrat Theodore Roosevelt. Despite some of the initial optimism expressed by the voters, Hoover quickly proved a disappointment. His complete contempt for "paternalism" in the federal government rendered him just as ill-equipped to handle the economic depression as Blackford had been. He made this opinion known when Colonel Abner Dowling, the then-military governor of Utah, proposed a make-work plan for the state. Hoover flatly refused, despite the fact that the jobless rate in Utah was further exacerbating that already-precarious situation. This stance led the voters to return the Socialists to Congress in 1934. Hoover's handling of foreign affairs also frustrated many of his supporters in the military. While he continued the policy of rearmament begun by Blackford, the Pacific War ended inconclusively in 1934. After Jake Featherston and the Freedom Party came to power in the Confederate States of America, Hoover proved indecisive in his dealings with the United States' long-time enemy. When Featherston pressed for permission to arm more troops to suppress black uprisings, Hoover (after a period of vacillation) acquiesced, justifying his decision by citing his concerns about "radical" elements among the black Confederate community, and naively concluding that Featherston would not use the increased military against the United States. While Hoover did stand strong against Featherston on the rebellious states of Kentucky and Houston which the United States had taken from the Confederate States following the Great War, it was too little, too late. Growing dissatisfaction with Hoover led to his defeat in 1936 at the hands of Socialist Al Smith and his running mate Charles W. La Follette, who became the 32nd President. One of Hoover's last official duties included acting as pallbearer at his predecessor Hosea Blackford's state funeral, as did former President Sinclair.

Paragraph 23: 2008 proved to be Van Barneveld's most barren year thus far in the PDC in terms of success, with him not winning a major tournament. His defence of the World Championship crown was seriously thwarted by a bout of flu. He managed to win his first two matches comfortably, although he nearly had to retire during his second-round match due to breathing problems. He was defeated by Kevin Painter in the 3rd round by 4 sets to 2. Following this, he reached the semi-finals of the 2008 Premier League Darts, but was defeated for the third consecutive year at this stage of the tournament, defeated by James Wade. He was also knocked out of the early stages of the US Open, the Las Vegas Desert Classic by Alan Tabern and in the semi-finals of the UK Open by Gary Mawson, after having defeated rival Taylor by 10 legs to 9 a round earlier. He was also defeated in the quarter finals of the World Matchplay by Wayne Mardle, despite leading 12 legs to 7 at one stage. However, Van Barneveld did regain some form in the World Grand Prix reaching the final of the tournament, before being defeated by Taylor by 6 sets to 2. He then lost to Lewis in the quarter-finals of the inaugural European Darts Championship in November losing by 9 legs to 2.

Paragraph 24: Please Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em was released on February 12, 1990. It features the successful single "U Can't Touch This", which sampled Rick James' 1981 single, "Super Freak". It was produced, recorded and mixed by Felton Pilate and James Earley, on a modified tour bus in 1989. Despite heavy airplay and a No. 27 chart debut, "U Can't Touch This" peaked at No. 8 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, because it was only released as a twelve-inch single. However, the album was a No. 1 success for 21 weeks, due primarily to this single – the first time ever for a rap recording on the pop charts. The song has been used in many movies and television shows to date, and appears on soundtrack and compilation albums as well (such as Man of the House and Back 2 Back Hits).

Paragraph 25: Arthur Howe Ross (January 13, 1885 – August 5, 1964) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and executive from 1905 until 1954. Regarded as one of the best defenders of his era by his peers, he was one of the first to skate with the puck up the ice rather than pass it to a forward. He was on Stanley Cup championship teams twice in a playing career that lasted thirteen seasons; in January 1907 with the Kenora Thistles and 1908 with the Montreal Wanderers. Like other players of the time, Ross played for several different teams and leagues, and is most notable for his time with the Wanderers while they were members of the National Hockey Association (NHA) and its successor, the National Hockey League (NHL). In 1911 he led one of the first organized player strikes over increased pay. When the Wanderers' home arena burned down in January 1918, the team ceased operations and Ross retired as a player.

Paragraph 26: Mozhaysky was born to Polish parents in Rochensalm, in the Grand Duchy of Finland (present-day Kotka), southern Finland, then part of the Russian Empire. His father was an admiral in the Imperial Russian Navy, and Mozhaysky graduated from the Sea Cadet Corps in 1841. He spent the next seven years on voyages in the Baltic Sea and in the White Sea on various vessels, and was commissioned as a lieutenant in 1849. He served with the Baltic Fleet from 1850 to 1852. In 1853 he was selected as a member of Vice Admiral Yevfimy Putyatin’s expedition to the Far East. In August 1853, he demonstrated a working model of a steam engine to various Japanese dignitaries at Nagasaki, from which Japanese inventor Tanaka Hisashige was later able to reverse-engineer a Japanese version. In December 1854 he was shipwrecked at Heda, Shizuoka when the frigate Diana sank in the 1854 Ansei-Tōkai earthquake. Mozhaysky assisted in the construction of the schooner Heda in 1855, which enabled the Russian delegation negotiating the Treaty of Shimoda to return home. Later in 1855, during the Crimean War, he served in the Gulf of Finland on the brig Antenor.

Paragraph 27: In 1969, Li with Joseph Fraumeni identified 24 families with a high risk of cancer throughout generations of family members. Their research and discovery in the abstract of Li and Fraumeni's paper described their method and results as, "A search of the Cancer Family Registry of the National Cancer Institute revealed 24 kindreds with the syndrome of sarcoma, breast carcinoma, and other neoplasms in young patients. Cancer developed in an autosomal dominant pattern in 151 blood relatives, 119 (79%) of whom were affected before 45 years of age. These young patients had a total of 50 bone and soft tissue sarcomas of diverse histological subtypes and 28 breast cancers. Additional features of the syndrome included an excess of brain tumors (14 cases), leukemia (9 cases), and adrenocortical carcinoma (4 cases) before age 45 years. These neoplasms also accounted for 73% of the multiple primary cancers occurring in 15 family members. Six of these patients had second cancers linked to radiotherapy. The diversity of tumor types in this syndrome suggests pathogenetic mechanisms which differ from hereditary cancers arising in single organs or tissues. The syndrome is presently diagnosed on clinical grounds; laboratory markers are needed to identify high-risk individuals and families and to provide insights into susceptibility mechanisms that may be shared by a wide variety of cancers."

Paragraph 28: Traditionally, students were required to be members of the nation corresponding to the area from which they came. With one exception, Södermanland-Nerikes nation at Uppsala, this requirement is now voided, and students may even join more than one nation. International students are also free to choose whichever nation they desire. The nations are in charge of the sorts of social activities and venues that at other universities are handled by the student unions, fraternities, or companies: bars, clubs, theatre companies, orchestras, sports societies, and also some housing. Nations notably host gasques, themed dinner parties that are a traditional part of Swedish student life.

Paragraph 29: NATO Joint Military Symbology is the NATO standard for military map symbols. Originally published in 1986 as Allied Procedural Publication 6 (APP-6), NATO Military Symbols for Land Based Systems, the standard has evolved over the years and is currently in its fifth version (APP-6D). The symbols are designed to enhance NATO's joint interoperability by providing a standard set of common symbols. APP-6 constituted a single system of joint military symbology for land, air, space and sea-based formations and units, which can be displayed for either automated map display systems or for manual map marking. It covers all of the joint services and can be used by them.

Paragraph 30: During the Spider-Verse storyline, Morlun's mysterious past was revealed that he is from a universe designated Earth-001 and that Morlun and his estranged family known as the Inheritors took part in a battle against the Master Weaver and succeeded in capturing it at the cost of the life of the Inheritors unnamed matriarch. With the power of the Master Weaver, they use its power to conquer Earth-001. They then used the Master Weaver's powers to travel between dimensions and hunt all Spider-Totem avatars. Morlun, along with the Inheritors, have been shown killing several alternate universe versions of Spider-Man, some of which are witnessed by Spider-UK, a spider-themed member of the Captain Britain Corps. Spider-UK sets out to travel through the web of life in order to save all the remaining Spider-Men from the Inheritors. Later, Morlun kills Spider-Man 2099's counterpart, and as he tries to arrive on Earth-616, the portal closes and Morlun expresses fear of the Earth-616 Spider-Man following their last fight. Spider-Man 2099 leaves and warns Peter Parker to let him know what happened. Meanwhile, the Inheritors massive dinner-table laden with crippled Spider-Totems are waiting for Morlun as he returns carrying Spider-Totem. Morlun is furious with his brother, Daemos had hunting on Earth-616 tells him it is his Spider-Totem as they fight until their father, Solus, intimidates them. Solus reminds them that he has known all along where the Bride, the Other, and the Scion are located, and about a prophecy that will bring the downfall of the Inheritors. He asks his son what is his desire. Morlun responds that his wish is to be his father's chosen heir, the Great Web is his legacy and obligation. Solus corrects him stating that the Web is all things and everywhere and that it is their kingdom making them the Inheritors of all creation.