Paragraph 1: He graduated in 1965 with LL.B (Hons) from the University of London and obtained his LL.M from Columbia Law School. He became a judge of the High Court of Uganda in 1974 and later Justice of Appeal of the currently renamed Supreme Court of Uganda. Before becoming a Judge Mr. Ssekandi was Director of the Law Development Center, Uganda's premier research and professional legal training institution, and was the pioneer of the highly successful Uganda Bar Course conducted by the Center. Mr. Ssekandi joined the United Nations in 1981 and was a principal legal advisor to the United Nations development programmes and was also in charge of the commercial law cluster resolving commercial disputes with the United Nations. He negotiated several technical cooperations agreements with governments and initiated many innovative institutional legal models for the delivery of UN programmes, including the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), the African Management Services Company (AMSCO), the Global Environment Facility (GEF) and United Nations Compensation Commission after the 1991 Iraq war. In 1996 he became Deputy to the Secretary General's Special Representative in Liberia, in charge of peacekeeping operations there. In 1997 he was appointed General Counsel of the African Development Bank where he was the anchor for the institutional reforms carried out by President Omar Kabbaj, including revision of the Bank's Charter to incorporate new voting rights for shareholders, and establishment of an Administrative Tribunal to judge staff disputes. Mr. Ssekandi retired from the African Development Bank in 2000 and has since then combined teaching at Columbia University and consulting with the United Nations, its  agencies and other international institutions. He was appointed to serve as a member of the World Bank Administrative Tribunal from 2007 to 2013. He is the author of many articles on International Law and International Economic Law. He also edited Judge Elis's Second Revised Edition "New Horizons in International Law" (1992). As a judge he pioneered the integration of customary law into the general law of Uganda and wrote a number of authoritative opinions on land tenure. He currently lectures on African Law and Development, at the Columbia University Law School.  He is a board member on a number of NGOs, including the International Institute of Rural Reconstruction (IIRR), the War and Peace Centre and the International Law Institute (Uganda). He is also the founder of the African Law Reporter: Website: http://www.jurisafrica.org, and founding member of the International Projects and Mediation Associates, LLC (IPMA): Website: http://www.ipmaglobalservices.com

Paragraph 2: The son of Mathieu de Crisafi and Françoise de Grimaldi, he was born in Messina in Sicily. Don Antonio Crisafi and his brother Thomas, who had a  good military background, as he had become Knight of Malta in 1670, took part in a revolt against Spain in Sicily. The important city of Messina had at that time (1674–1678) about 100,000 inhabitants and was a dynamic port with a strategic position in the Mediterranean sea.  When the senate of Messina decided to revolt against Spain, the Crisafi brothers were among the military leaders organising the defence. In 1675, Messina obtained the military support of France which was in war against Spain, and the Crisafi brothers continued fighting under the orders of the Duke of Vivonne, the commander of  the French troops and a noble who was very close to King Louis XIV. Messina was able to resist against Spain and the French fleet was able to win some important naval battles against the combined fleet of Spain and Holland. But, in 1678, Louis XIV concluded the peace of Nimega and Messina was abandoned in the hands of the Spaniards.  Antoine and Thomas Crisafy, like a lot of nobles of Messina, had to flee to France, leaving their assets behind.  Since that time they changed their name in Crisafy, according to the French pronunciation. Probably thanks to their connection with the Duke of Vivonne, they were received in Versailles and obtained a little pension from the Sun King. They were eventually accused of a complot  against France and were imprisoned for a short time at La Bastille, in Paris, before being freed as they were found to be innocent. Then, in April 1684, Louis XIV decided to name them captains and each led a company of the seven that were sent to New France in that year. Despite their difficulty to adapt to the Canadian cold climate, they were among the most brave and capable officers in Canada as confirmed in several letters sent by the Governors of New France to Versailles. In Canada, the Crisafy brothers had the chance to meet Henry de Tonty, the officer of Italian origins whose name is linked to Cavelier de la Salle in the exploration of the Mississippi river and the land of the Indian Illinois. In 1686, they took part with governor de Denonville in the expedition against the Iroquois at Niagara. In 1692, Antoine was given charge of the troops at Sault-Saint-Louis and was able to fend off an attack by 800 Iroquois. In 1696, Thomas died, leaving a very good memory for his personal qualities. Very close to Governor de Calliere, Antoine Crisafy was  named king's lieutenant at Montreal in 1697 and, the following year, appointed Knight of the Order of Saint-Louis. In 1699, he was named king's lieutenant at Quebec City. He married Marie-Claire, the daughter of François-Madeleine-Fortuné Ruette d'Auteuil de Monceaux in 1700. Following the death of François Provost, he became governor at Trois-Rivières. Crisafy died in office and was buried there on May 6, 1709. Neither Antoine nor Thomas had children and they did not become French citizens.

Paragraph 3: In the Cup, AEK were drawn in the 8th group of the Cup with Trikala, Egaleo, Athinaikos, Akratitos and A.O. Karditsa and finished first with winning all their matches. They passed through the round of 32 without opponent in the round of 16 came across Trikala again, which  won again with 6–0. The draw for the quarter-finals found AEK against Olympiacos. Olympiacos welcomes AEK at Olympic Stadium, already having a difference of 20 points in the league and everyone expected an easy night for the red and whites. Strict security measures were taken, but the game as usual in these cases went smoothly. AEK opened the score with an amazing goal by Vasilis Lakis and then accepted the pressure of Olympiacos, which bore fruit in the 75th minute when Alexandris also equalized to make the final 1–1. After 21 nights, Nea Filadelfeia was on fire, AEK and their people are "thirsty" to restore the injustice and on the evening of March 8, Olympiacos were scattered, losing already by the 48th minute by 3–0. There was delirium in the stands and the yellow-black party just ended in the second half. The semi-finals with Panionios was of a standard procedure, as the final itself was expected to be. Panionios didn't last a single half in Nea Filadelfeia, already losing 3–0, to finally close the score in the honorary 4–1 for the club of Nea Smyrni. The rematch was very quickly forgotten, after AEK cut off from the 22nd minute any thought of a comeback with a goal from Ćirić and Panionios simply indulged in the hunt for a victory for the honor of the weapons, which he won with two goals in the end. AEK were in the final where they faced Ionikos. On 10 May at the Olympic Stadium, where 35,000 AEK fans rushed to celebrate the expected conquest of the title. Ionikos put up a relatively strong resistance and until the 76th minute maintained the fluid 1–0 that has already been formed since the 37th minute by a goal Nikolaidis. Two goals by Petkov and Maladenis followed and AEK won the Cup amidst celebrations and emotion from the "rookie" in titles, Pathiakakis. Highlights of the match included the fair play move by Nikolaidis, who after scoring a goal with his hand, asked the referee to disallow it, which led the International Olympic Committee to award him for his sportsmanship.

Paragraph 4: In April 2014, Fishel announced a new video project via his official Facebook page, asking his fans to submit their photographs for an upcoming video. The title and details of the song were not yet revealed, other than that the video would be for one of the songs from his upcoming covers EP. Fishel requested that his fans, regardless of whether they were "gay or straight, transgender, bi, black or white, young or old (or anything in-between)", submit photos of what 'Pride' meant to them, their partners and their friends, with a view to including the submissions in a collaborative music video celebrating international Pride. Fishel asked fans to use his Facebook, Instagram and Twitter pages to send in their submissions. On 13 July 2014, the day before Cover Boy'''s release, the results of this video project were revealed when an official music video was published on Fishel's YouTube channel for the EP's lead single, a cover of CeCe Peniston's 1991 dance anthem "Finally". The video is animated by Kenneth Wilcox and is a fast-paced photo montage and lyric video "in celebration of gay pride everywhere". The video displays the song's lyrics on the screen alongside all the submitted fan photos, which include many LGBT couples hugging, kissing, getting married and celebrating Gay pride, as well as heterosexual couples and individual 'Selfies'. Fishel maintains the original song's use of male pronouns, giving the song a gay male perspective, and the video opens with the lyrics "Meeting Mr. Right, the man of dreams" displayed on the screen. To accompany the video's release, Fishel posted the following statement underneath the video's credits on his official YouTube channel: "A HUGE heartfelt thank you to everyone who contributed photos for this video and helped to make this a very special project and a celebration of international Pride! I had so much fun going through all the fabulous pics which you sent in from all over the world, representing the United States, United Kingdom, France, Italy, Germany, Spain, Ireland, Australia, South Africa, Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Uruguay, Philippines, Singapore, Indonesia, Lithuania, Cuba, Thailand and China. Thank you all and I hope you enjoy the results! Mx". Alex Hawley from Outrising.com said of "Finally": "with a distinctly rockier edge than the original's club-infused panache, Matt has also maintained the original's use of male pronouns...which we think is awesome", calling the accompanying music video "the perfect tribute to Pride and Unity".Cover Boy was released worldwide the next day on 14 July 2014 as a seven-track EP, available as a digital download on all international iTunes, Amazon and Google Play stores. Musically, the EP incorporates elements of Alternative rock, Pop, Rock, Pop rock, Rock opera, and A cappella. The EP contains Fishel's reinterpretations of the aforementioned "Finally", "Tonight Is What It Means To Be Young" and "Hyperballad", as well as four further recordings including: "Summer Rain" (originally performed by Belinda Carlisle and taken from her 1989 album Runaway Horses), "Run With Us" (the official theme tune to the 1980s/1990s animated television series The Raccoons, originally performed by Lisa Lougheed), "Big Casino" (originally performed by Jimmy Eat World and taken from their 2007 album Chase This Light) and "Sky Fits Heaven" (originally performed by Madonna and taken from her 1998 album Ray of Light). Howard Stump of music blog Soundtrack to My Day said of Cover Boy: "Fishel has an amazing grasp of pop music, serving up delicious treats with each release. So when taking on the treats of some of his favorite artists, my expectations were raised... he not only met them, but exceeded my expectations...'Cover Boy' should not be missed at all. The collection is a thoughtful and tuneful journey, one I keep taking again and again." He called Fishel's rendition of "Hyperballad" "special, and should not be missed" and said of "Finally": "the song feels so new, so fresh. I just love it!" On the day following the release of Cover Boy, Grammy Award-winning record producer and songwriter Jim Steinman thanked Fishel for covering "Tonight Is What It Means To Be Young" and publicly praised Fishel's work on his Facebook fan page.

Paragraph 5: Austrian consul Johann Georg von Hahn collected an Albanian tale titled Taubenliebe: a king wants his only daughter to find a husband. One day, a dove flies into her room and talks to her. The dove tells her to have a milk bowl ready for it the next day. The dove returns, bathes in the milk and becomes a handsome youth. The youth warns her to never tell anyone about him, and to wait for him for three years. They exchange rings as a vow. Some time later, the queen wants to betroth the princess to a suitor, but she mentions she is already betrothed. After, the dove does not return, and she goes on a quest for him for three years, walking in iron shoes and with three iron canes. Her quest is not successful, and she returns home. She asks her parents to build a bath house, and that any guest can enter by telling a story. One day, the daughter of a woman that lives in town wants to go to the bath house, but first she goes to the fountain to get some water. At the spring, she sees a rooster with footwear. The girl follows the rooster to a garden and to a house. Inside the house, she spies on 11 pigeons flying into the room, bathing in milk and becoming men. A 12th pigeon appears and mopes about his fiancée, who betrayed the secret. The girl returns to her mother and both decide to go to the princess's bath house to tell her the story. The tale was translated by Angelo de Gubernatis  as Il Principe Colombo ("The Pigeon Prince"); by Parker Fillmore as The Pigeon's Bride: The Story of a Princess who Kissed and Told (sourced as from Yugoslavia), and by Albanologist Robert Elsie as For the Love of a Dove.

Paragraph 6: A population that expects the incumbent government to deliver public goods, services, and security frequently supports the counterinsurgency, and a major event that increases popular expectations of future public goods and service delivery can trigger a shift in public attitudes away from the insurgency and toward the counterinsurgency. "Political, social, and economic programs are usually more valuable than conventional military operations in addressing the root causes of the conflict and undermining the insurgency." These programs are essential in order to gain the support of the population. These programs are designed to make the local population feel secure, safe, and more aligned with the counterinsurgency efforts; this enables the citizens of the host nation to trust the goals and purposes of the counterinsurgency efforts, as opposed to the insurgents'. A counterinsurgency is a battle of ideas and the implementation and integration of these programs is important for success. Social, political and economic programs should be coordinated and administered by the host nation's leaders, as well. Successful COIN warfare allows the population to see that the counterinsurgency efforts are including the host nation in their re-building programs. The war is fought among the people and for the people between the insurgents and the counterinsurgents.

Paragraph 7: This episode begins where Episode Two left off, with Leilene wanting to talk to Buckwild about breaking off the pinky swear earlier, but Buckwild doesn't want to talk to her. Meanwhile, inside the house, Buddha and Milf form an alliance. Milf admits that she feels an attraction to Buddha. Heat and Leilene cuddle and make-out. The other girls and Buddha think Leilene is acting like a ho for always hooking up with the guys in the house. When Leilene hears of this, she feels hurt and wants to leave the house, and even packs her bags, but changes her mind and sleeps outside. Deciding she's suffered enough, Buckwild and Saaphyri convince Leilene to come back in the house, and share a touching moment. The next day, Milf is selected the new captain of the Green Team, while Saaphyri is picked captain for the Gold Team. The new challenge is called the Breath Mint Shootout, which is based on Flavor Of Love 3 when Shy had bad breath. The challenge is a three-on-two soccer game where two people will play defense in front of a giant cardboard mouth, and one will have to kick the ball away from the mouth, while the other will have to play goalie with a giant toothbrush, while three members of the other team will play offense and will have to kick the soccer ball into the goal. Milf picks Saaphyri and Angelique to play defense, and Ice, Myammee, and Bonez to play offense. After two goals are scored, Saaphyri flips out at Angelique for not even trying to play offense, slams the toothbrush onto the ground, and shrieks, "I quit! I quit!" Buckwild then convinces Saaphyri not to quit, and eventually, Saaphyri and Angelique switch positions, and quickly turn the game around and end up stopping a lot of the goals. After blocking four goals, the Green Team now has to play defense, which Saaphyri ends up picking T-Weed and Leilene playing defense. Gold Team ends up winning with more goals. Knowing she's at risk being voted into the box, Milf and Buddha talk and Buddha says if Milf can convince Leilene to move upstairs into his alliance, he won't vote her into the box. Milf agrees, and follows Leilene around the house and tries to persuade her into moving in the alliance, but Leilene says no. In the vault, Milf, Leilene, and Buckwild are voted into the box. Upset with Buddha for breaking his promise, Milf announces she's quitting and leaves the vault. Saaphyri immediately comforts Milf and tries to convince her not quit. Buddha tries to talk to Milf, and Saaphyri and him fight. Buddha, fed up with this, yells at Saaphyri and tries to shove her away from Milf. Not appreciating Buddha yelling at her home girl, Buckwild steps up and yells at Buddha. Buddha yells at her to stay out of it, and then leaves. On the power outing, the girls meet a fortune teller for advice. Buckwild goes first and is told that she's making her life harder for herself by acting like a bad girl. Milf is told to be careful whom to trust, and Leilene is told she's bad luck and using her body too much instead of her brain, and Saaphyri asks who should she trust between Milf and Leilene, and the fortune teller tells her Milf. At lunch, Saaphyri calls out Leilene for breaking the pinky swear, and Leilene says she made a mistake and says sorry, and Saaphyri tells her she needs to stop making mistakes, and Leilene leaves the table. On the one on one time, Saaphyri talks to Milf and asks her if she can trust her and if she needed her to throw the challenge she would, and Milf replies, "I have to think about it." At elimination, Saaphyri gives the first check to Buckwild. Before giving out the second check, Saaphyri asks both remaining ladies what loyalty means to them and Milf flubs on her answer, while Leilene says she's been friends with her for a long time and can be trustworthy. Saaphyri calls up Leilene and tells her she loves her, but she's voiding her check. After voiding Leilene's check, Craig asks Saaphyri why she voided her friend's check and Saaphyri explains that she felt that Leilene is only there for love and that all the drama is stressing her out, so she wanted felt this was the best decision for her. Leilene says she still loves Saaphyri, and thought she was there for love and feels this game isn't cut out for her.

Paragraph 8: In the 1970s, comic books of The Funky Phantom were released by Western Publishing and Gold Key Comics. The comics were both original stories as well as adaptations of some of the TV episodes. The stories in the comics, however, took a different turn from the TV episodes. While on the show, the "ghost" was always a villain in a mask (like Scooby-Doo), in some of the original comic stories, the villains would often turn out to be other ghosts from on or around the colonial era (the show never addressed why it seemed that there were no other ghosts besides Mudsy and Boo). The comics even did a twist on the series when the gang traveled back to colonial times via an erratic time machine, only to find out that the kids are now the ghosts (the machine could only transport spiritual matter) and Mudsy is once more inside his original flesh-and-blood body. Also, the comics introduced a new regular character who never appeared in the show. Priscilla Atwater, a ghostly matron from Mudsy's time, who lusted after Mudsy and pursued him actively, although she tended to flirt with just about any other ghost who happened to come along.

Paragraph 9: Homesickness is an ancient phenomenon, mentioned in both the Old Testament books of Exodus and Psalm 137:1 ("By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we remembered Zion") as well as Homer's Odyssey, whose opening scene features Athena arguing with Zeus to bring Odysseus home because he is homesick ("...longing for his wife and his homecoming..."). The Greek physician Hippocrates (ca. 460–377 BC) believed that homesickness—also called "heimveh" (from German "Heimweh") or a "nostalgic reaction"—was caused by a surfeit of black bile in the blood. In recent history, homesickness is first mentioned specifically with Swiss people being abroad in Europe ("Heimweh") for a longer period of time in a document dating back to 1651. This was a normal phenomenon among the many common Swiss mercenaries serving in different countries and many rulers across Europe at that time. It was not uncommon for them staying many years away from home and, if lucky enough, return home if still alive. This phenomenon at that time was first only thought to affect Swiss people until this was revised, probably caused by big migration streams across Europe suggesting the same symptoms and thus homesickness found its way into general German medical literature in the 19th century. 

Paragraph 10: The main occupation of the colonists was agriculture. With their arrival a massive cultivation of hemp started, although by some Turkish notebooks the cultivation of hemp was mentioned even when they ruled with these areas. The land in Odžaci and around was ideal for growing these plants, with the help of the river Mostonoga that was frequently casting and flooding the surrounding area. Also, Mostonoga was ideal for plunging the hemp. The production was initiated by baron Kotman who informed Vienna that the hemp succeeds well on the territory of the new colonist settlements. He gathered the hemp producers, he provided them with work means and obliged to purchase from them 5000 cubits of fabric annually. The production got more massive and Odžaci became one of the biggest centers for hemp production in Europe. In 1779 hemp fair was held for the first time and eventually became more significant. In 1907 a factory for cultivation of hemp and production of ropes was open by the members of a wealthy family Ertl (Franc and Johan) by the example of a similar factory in Segedin. The factory had initial 200 workers but it advanced rapidly and in 1929 reached a number of 800 employed. Eventually the production expanded so besides ropes they produced: carpets, and since 1933 wool and silk fabric.

Paragraph 11:  Mary Hastings (born c.1860 in Brussels): infamous brothel owner and human trafficker who came to Chicago in 1888 after already gaining experience in her hometown of Brussels, Paris, Toronto, Denver, Portland and San Francisco. She was one of the first women to systematically operate "White Slavery" in around 1890. Using bribes, (about $2.00 per week to the local patrol) or services of the girls to officials, she escaped police investigation for many years. Her houses were considered the worst brothels in the city, in which any kind of perverted wishes were fulfilled. She was credited with saying, "If a girl was good enough to be accepted at ordinary brothel, then she was too good for her own". From about 1893, she attracted young girls from rural areas of the Midwest of 13 to 17 years of age on the pretext of earning good money in Chicago. In one of her notorious houses, they took their clothes off and were abused by six "professional" rapists. This was the process called in the jargon of the trade, "The Life", which included a continuing ordeal of abuse, rape, and inhumane treatment. Following the "breaking-in", the victims were either smuggled into homes (including Customs House Place on Jackson Street) or resold to other brothel operators for approximately $50 to $300, depending on their age and appeal. The inhumane working hours usually went from noon to five in the morning. During this time the girls often consumed schnapps and absinthe to get through. British journalist William Stead once visited one of Hastings brothels and described the conditions in his socially critical article "If Christ came to Chicago." Legend has it that some of the girls managed to smuggle out a note reading "I am being held as a slave" to alert the police to this crime. In 1895, after nine girls escaped from the brothel under daring conditions, the criminal machinations of Mary Hastings were blown open. The police were forced to act and Hastings fled to Toronto, Canada, never returning to Chicago. In Canada, she operated under the name Madame Gain.

Paragraph 12: In 1608, following a peace agreement with King Sigismund, Tsar Vasilii agreed to release Tsar Dmitrii's father-in-law, Jerzy Mniszech, and widow, Marina Mniszech. They soon joined the second false Dmitrii's camp in Tushino, where she "recognized" her late husband in this second Dmitry. According to Dunning, "On the Tushino impostor's boyar council sat such powerful men as Mikhail G. Saltykov and Dmitrii Trubetskoi. They were soon joined by several of Tsar Dmitrii's former courtiers, including Grigorii Shakhovskoi and Mikhail Molchanov. The Saltykov and Romanov families were by far the most influential Russians in Tushino. The arrival in Tushino of Jan Piotr Sapieha with seven thousand cavalrymen  in August speeded up rebel military activity."

Paragraph 13: Hartmut later worked on the crystallisation of membrane proteins - essential for their structure elucidation by X-ray crystallography. He received the Nobel Prize jointly with Johann Deisenhofer and Robert Huber in 1988. Together with Michel and Huber, Deisenhofer determined the three-dimensional structure of a protein complex found in certain photosynthetic bacteria. This membrane protein complex, called a photosynthetic reaction center, was known to play a crucial role in initiating a simple type of photosynthesis. Between 1982 and 1985, the three scientists used X-ray crystallography to determine the exact arrangement of the more than 10,000 atoms that make up the protein complex. Their research increased the general understanding of the mechanisms of photosynthesis, revealed similarities between the photosynthetic processes of plants and bacteria and established a methodology for crystallising membrane proteins.

Paragraph 14: CharactersHenry Bowman is the principal character, although the story begins in 1906, long before Bowman's birth on January 10, 1953. The story is told primarily from his perspective when he is in his early forties. Bowman grows up in the St. Louis, Missouri area, where much of the story takes place. He is a trained geologist, a self-taught expert marksman, a firearms, ammunition, and self-defense authority, and a pilot. Bowman lives on a rural acreage near the St. Louis, Missouri metropolitan area. There is an abandoned stone quarry on his land which Bowman uses for recreational shooting. Bowman, in the novel, enjoys owning performance automobiles and driving at high speed on interstate highways. In one part of the novel, he races his hot-rodded GMC truck against a rival Porsche, with Bowman winning, driving in excess of  to win. Bowman also has several forged identities that he uses for various purposes in the novel. Bowman is a proficient skydiver.Walter "Blackout" Bowman is Henry's father. A skilled pilot and U.S. Navy officer, he trained 437 naval aviators during World War II, retiring as a Lieutenant Commander. He represents the studious, responsible, and thoughtful side of the younger Bowman. The author has stated that the elder Bowman is based on his own father.Max Collins is Bowman's uncle. He is portrayed as a larger-than-life character who is an expert marksman, professional gambler, and accomplished ladies' man. He served in the airborne troops of D-Day, and killed a German army officer in combat with his sniper rifle. In the novel, at a 1960s Nevada shooting competition, he bets on his nephew Henry's shooting, winning $10,000. He represents the adventurous, spontaneous, and aggressive side of the younger Henry Bowman. The author has stated that Collins is based on his own uncle.Irwin Mann is a survivor of The Holocaust and the Warsaw Ghetto, and a key participant in the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. His inclusion in the story permits a study of the use of firearms by average citizens to repel an oppressive government and connects Nazi gun control measures to American gun control efforts.Ray Johnson is a New York City attorney, originally from Aspen, Colorado, who moves to Africa in 1963 and becomes a big-game safari guide. His return to the U.S. in 1994 serves to illustrate how much U.S. gun owners' freedoms have eroded, due to legislation and executive orders enacted during his absence. At the airport, Customs attempts to confiscate an English double rifle worth some US$40,000, a Belgian FN FAL semi-automatic rifle, a Smith & Wesson 2" Chief's Special revolver, and his hat which has a leopard skin hat band. Ray calls his friend Henry, and Henry calls in a favor with a friend who is a high-ranking Customs official. Ray is allowed to keep his firearms and enter the United States.Allen Kane is a major machine gun dealer who is Henry's lifelong friend. A major shift in the novel's plot occurs when Henry finds corrupt ATF agents framing Allen, himself, and another firearms dealer. Allen aids and accompanies Henry in much of the novel.Cindy Caswell' is a victim of childhood abuse and organized crime who becomes important in the freedom struggle as it develops. She is from Rolla, Missouri. She is abducted by mafia thugs during a trip to Chicago, Illinois, who force her to become a sex slave for mafia bosses and leaders. After several years, she escapes and meets Henry Bowman at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. She assassinates many pro-gun control and big-government politicians and legislators in the novel. The author has been criticized for creating an "adolescent fantasy" with this character. Ten years after writing the novel, Ross met Tammy Chapman, whose early life shares a resemblance to that of the fictional Caswell. Ross and Chapman now live together in St. Louis.

Paragraph 15: Very little attention at first was given to the hospital originally, with The Buffalo Morning Express reporting the news simply by writing: "The city is well received in having a hospital for its own." The New York State Legislature provided funding for sectarian hospitals in locations where there were no nonsectarian hospitals. Sisters of Charity Hospital was eligible and received $9,000 (equivalent to $266,667 in 2015 dollars). The state funding was done rather inconspicuously, and the news only gained attention a few months later, when some of Buffalo's Protestant doctors protested the state funding of a Catholic institution as the city's first hospital. Especially inflammatory was the presence of Catholic nuns. In a 2009 New York History Review article titled, "John Timon — Buffalo’s First Bishop: His Forgotten Struggle to Assimilate Catholics in Western New York," Paul E. Lubienecki wrote:"In antebellum America religious communities of women often absorbed the brunt of anti-Catholic prejudice. Religious orders of women, who lived and worked in a peculiar all female community, created and maintained schools, orphanages and hospitals. They also wore strange and distinctive clothing and became the object of Protestant derision. American sisters had to cope with gender, religious and ethnic bigotry while working in a patriarchal society that limited any power they might have. Rumors of evil practices and women held in convents against their will were circulated.  Protestant ministers preached from their pulpit against Catholics and particularly against nuns. Sisters were often insulted or pelted in the street. Protestants, especially males, may have felt more threatened by the nuns as they perceived them to be in the process of "feminizing" the Catholic Church and usurping power. Historically, caring for the sick was perceived to be a "religious calling" not a profession. As Catholic women’s religious orders began healthcare work in antebellum America, the role of women in nursing and hospital administration was gaining recognition as a profession and women were becoming empowered to take on non-traditional roles." Tensions were high in New York at this time due to the recent Seneca Falls Convention, at which 68 women and 32 men out of 300 attendees signed the now-famous Declaration of Sentiments, which listed men's abuses of women's freedom and rights. Lubienecki wrote that the event was still fresh in the minds of the people of New York, and that the Protestant men of Buffalo felt threatened, increasing their strong objection to the educated, Catholic females who were running a now-state funded hospital. Buffalo's elite began speaking out against the Sisters Hospital and its state funding, criticizing its all-female leadership, lack of physicians' influence in decision making, and small staff. In early February 1850, Protestant doctors Josiah Trowbridge, Austin Flint, and James White privately complained to influential local Presbyterian minister, Reverend John C. Lord, DD, a firm nativist and anti-Catholic, about the administration of the hospital, arguing that three Sisters alone was not proper for the management of an entire hospital. He was enraged, seeing it not only as a religious threat but a political concern.

Paragraph 16: In Lomax' first season in 1981, he played in 14 games while starting seven of them (with 15-year veteran Jim Hart starting the other nine), going 4–3 while throwing four touchdowns and ten interceptions while passing for 1,575 yards on a 50.4 completion percentage. In the strike-shortened nine game season of 1982, Lomax started every game, passing for 1,367 yards for five touchdowns and six interceptions while having a 53.2 completion percentage. Lomax started the playoff game that the Cardinals had against the Green Bay Packers, throwing 32-of-51 for 385 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions, but the Cardinals lost 41–16. It was his only playoff appearance.

Paragraph 17: Curtis appreciated the beauty and uniqueness of Mount Rainier so much that for several decades he directed his appreciation for scenic beauty and his efforts at regional boosterism and combined them into the development of Mount Rainier National Park. Curtis was a founding member of the Mountaineers, a mountain-climbing group which also promoted the preservation of wilderness areas. Curtis was active in the affairs of the club for the first several years after its founding in 1906. He led the Mountaineers on climbs up Mount Rainier and organized a committee within the club to deal with the Mount Rainier National Park. Curtis said: One comes more intimately in touch with the mountains when he travels the trails. In the valleys the forests seem lower, the giant trees rise from one's side to tremendous heights and the lower growth reaches out a friendly hand to bid you welcome; but it is on the untrodden mountain heights that the traveler receives a true reward for his toil. Here where vegetation makes its last stand amid a world of ice and snow, with the lower world stretching away to the distant horizon, nature unfolds in all her beauty.

Paragraph 18:  If anyone defends the heretical Theodore of Mopsuestia, who said that God the Word is one, while quite another is Christ, who was troubled by the passions of the soul and the desires of human flesh, was gradually separated from that which is inferior, and became better by his progress in good works, and could not be faulted in his way of life, and as a mere man was baptized in the name of the Father and the Son and the holy Spirit, and through this baptism received the grace of the holy Spirit and came to deserve sonship and to be adored, in the way that one adores a statue of the emperor, as if he were God the Word, and that he became after his resurrection immutable in his thoughts and entirely without sin. Furthermore, this heretical Theodore claimed that the union of God the Word to Christ is rather like that which, according to the teaching of the Apostle, is between a man and his wife: The two shall become one. Among innumerable other blasphemies he dared to allege that, when after his resurrection the Lord breathed on his disciples and said, Receive the holy Spirit, he was not truly giving them the holy Spirit, but he breathed on them only as a sign. Similarly he claimed that Thomas's profession of faith made when, after his resurrection, he touched the hands and side of the Lord, namely My Lord and my God, was not said about Christ, but that Thomas was in this way extolling God for raising up Christ and expressing his astonishment at the miracle of the resurrection. This Theodore makes a comparison which is even worse than this when, writing about the acts of the Apostles, he says that Christ was like Plato, Manichaeus, Epicurus and Marcion, alleging that just as each of these men arrived at his own teaching and then had his disciples called after him Platonists, Manichaeans, Epicureans and Marcionites, so Christ found his teaching and then had disciples who were called Christians. If anyone offers a defence for this more heretical Theodore, and his heretical books in which he throws up the aforesaid blasphemies and many other additional blasphemies against our great God and saviour Jesus Christ, and if anyone fails to anathematize him and his heretical books as well as all those who offer acceptance or defence to him, or who allege that his interpretation is correct, or who write on his behalf or on that of his heretical teachings, or who are or have been of the same way of thinking and persist until death in this error, let him be anathema. 

Paragraph 19: Toshie Uematsu debuted at the age of 21 on April 15, 1995 at Memorial First Gong, the first show of the GAEA Japan joshi puroresu promotion. In 1997, several GAEA wrestlers, including Uematsu, appeared in World Championship Wrestling (WCW). Uematsu was entered in the inaugural tournament for the newly created women's cruiserweight title. She won the tournament, defeating Malia Hosaka on April 7, 1997 in Hunstville, Alabama to become the first holder of the WCW Women's Cruiserweight Championship. Uematsu lost the belt to Yoshiko Tamura on July 19, 1997 and the belt was abandoned soon afterwards. On February 17, 2004, Uematsu and her partner, Ran Yu-Yu won the AAAW Tag Team Championship for the first time when they beat Chikayo Nagashima and Meiko Satomura by countout (in Japan, a title can change hands on a countout). Uematsu and Yu-Yu were a cunning combo, winning most of their matches by countout after luring their opponents as far away from the ring as they could. They won the belts for the second time on April 3, 2005, defeating Manami Toyota and Carlos Amano.  The championship was retired one week later when the GAEA promotion closed; Uematsu and Yu-Yu lost to Sugar Sato and Chikayo Nagashima in a non-title match on the final card. Uematsu has stayed busy since, wrestling as a free-lancer for several joshi promotions. Uematsu returned to the United States on March 12, 2011, when she defeated Madison Eagles at an event promoted by the Chikara promotion. The following day she was defeated by Sara Del Rey at another Chikara event. Uematsu returned to Chikara on December 2, 2011, to take part in the special JoshiMania weekend, losing to Manami Toyota on night one. The following day, Uematsu teamed with GAMI to defeat Cherry and Sawako Shimono in a tag team match. On the third and final night of the tour, Uematsu teamed with The Batiri (Kobald, Kodama and Obariyon) to defeat Cherry and The Colony (Fire Ant, Green Ant and Soldier Ant) in an eight-person tag team match. On April 30, 2012, Uematsu wrestled her retirement match at a Pro Wrestling Wave event, where she and Ran Yu-Yu defeated Moeka Haruhi and Shuu Shibutani in a tag team match. Uematsu made a one-night return to the ring on December 30, 2013, taking part in Gami's retirement match, a 70-person battle royal. Uematsu made another return on March 22, 2014, when she took part in Kaoru's return match at an event produced by Chigusa Nagayo.

Paragraph 20: Mr. David returns to Cookie's house, intending to kill Divine, instead he finds Cookie and fellow Cavalcade performer Ricky there. An argument ensues, and Bonnie accidentally kills Cookie. They tie up Ricky and hide Cookie's corpse just before Divine and Mink return. When Bonnie tries to shoot Lady Divine, Divine attacks and kills her with a knife. She then turns on Mr. David and eviscerates him as well, cannibalizing his internal organs, and becoming more frenzied. Ricky suddenly surprises Mink, who shoots him. In a fit of anger, Divine accuses Mink of betrayal and stabs her. Divine becomes even more crazed upon finding her daughter Cookie's body hidden behind the couch.

Paragraph 21: The West Adams district of Los Angeles was once home to lawyers and tycoons, but during the 1930s, many residents were either forced to sell their homes or take in boarders because of the economic times. The bulk of the residents who were earlier members of the entertainment community had already moved to places such as Beverly Hills and Hollywood. In the 1940s, members of the African-American entertainment community discovered the charms of the district and began purchasing homes there, giving the area the nickname "Sugar Hill". Hattie McDaniel was one of the first African-American residents. In an attempt to discourage African Americans from making their homes in the area, some residents resorted to adding covenants to the contracts when their homes were sold, either restricting African-Americans from purchasing them or prohibiting them from occupying the houses after purchase. Lillian and her husband, boxer Jack Chase, were victims of this type of discrimination.  In 1946, the couple purchased a home on West Adams Boulevard with a restrictive covenant that barred them from moving into it. The US Supreme Court declared the practice unconstitutional in 1948. After divorcing Chase, Randolph married railroad dining car server Edward Sanders, in August 1951. The couple divorced in December 1953.

Paragraph 22: In the final match of the night, Triple H put his job as COO of the WWE on the line against CM Punk in a No Disqualification match. Punk attacked Triple H during Triple H's entrance to start the match. The match spilled on the outside as the momentum kept shifting between the two competitors, and Triple H targeted Punk's legs. Back in the ring they kept trading shots and matched each other move for move. The action spilled outside again and both of them fought in the crowd and through the arena, with Punk throwing garbage cans at Triple H. Near the entrance ramp they both used the set display to attack one another, and Punk used aerial maneuvers and kicks to attack Hunter. Back in the ring CM Punk repeatedly used a steel chair to knock down Triple H and taunt him with his own crotch-chop. Triple H countered with a swift Spinebuster, and as they both fought outside Triple H went for the legs again using the ring post to inflict damage and nailing Punk with a chair himself and taunting him with a crotch-chop of his own. As Triple H went for a Figure-Four Leg Lock on the outside Punk kicked him into the steel steps. Punk then nailed the COO with a roundhouse kick and set him up on the announce table, following which he performed an elbow drop on Triple H from the top turnbuckle, driving him through the table. As they went back in the ring, The Miz and R-Truth came to the ring and attacked both competitors, nailing Triple H with a Skull Crushing Finale and CM Punk with a What's Up (Leaping Reverse STO). They placed Punk on Triple H but to their shock Triple H kicked out at two. They then started attacking the referee. Punk and Triple H then attacked Miz and Truth as John Laurinaitis came down ringside trying to restore order. Triple H nailed Punk with a Pedigree, but as he covered him Laurinaitis diverted the attention of the referee towards the other referee knocked out by Miz and Truth preventing him from making the pinfall. Punk recovered and knocked out Triple H with a G.T.S. (Go To Sleep). But as he covered him going for the pin, R-Truth once again attacked him breaking up the fall at two. Punk had had enough and knocked Truth out with a crushing Go To Sleep outside the ring. He then attempted an aerial attack on Triple H, jumping from the top rope, but Triple H countered with a kick to the abdomen, and nailed a devastating second Pedigree. Triple H covered him but to everyone's shock the resilient Punk still kicked out at two. Laurinaitis was seen texting someone from ringside, and as Punk and Triple H continued to fight, Kevin Nash came to the ring from the crowd and attacked them both. He then tried to nail Triple H with a Jacknife Powerbomb but Punk prevented the attack on his competitor. In retaliation, Nash attacked Punk and laid him out with a thunderous Jacknife Powerbomb. He then turned his attention to Triple H, but before he could do any damage, Triple H hit Nash with a sledgehammer outside the ring. He then reentered the ring and executed a devastating third Pedigree and pinned Punk to win the match and retain his job as COO.

Paragraph 23: A 1499 entry in the Ming Shilu recorded that thirteen Chinese men from Wenchang including a young man named Wu Rui were captured by the Vietnamese after their ship was blown off course while traveling from Hainan to Guangdong's Qin subprefecture (Qinzhou), after which they ended up near the coast of Vietnam, in the 1460s, during the Chenghua Emperor's rule (1464–1487). Twelve of them were enslaved to work as agricultural laborers, while the youngest Chinese man, Wu Rui (吳瑞) was selected by the Vietnamese court for castration since he was the only young man in among the thirteen and he became a eunuch at the Vietnamese imperial palace in Thang Long for nearly one fourth of a century. After years of serving the Vietnamese as a eunuch slave in the palace, he was promoted to a position with real power after the death of the Vietnamese ruler in 1497 to a military position in northern Vietnam as military superintendent since his service in the palace was apparently valued by the Vietnamese. However the Lạng Sơn guard soldier Dương Tam tri (Yang Sanzhi) (楊三知) told him of an escape route back to China and Wu Rui escaped to Longzhou after walking for 9 days through the mountains. The local ethnic minority Tusi chief Wei Chen took him into custody, overruling objections from his family who wanted to send him back to Vietnam. Vietnam found out about his escape and sent an agent to buy Wu Rui back from Wei Chen with 100 Jin in payment since they were scared that Wu Rui would reveal Vietnamese state secrets to China. Wei Chen planned to sell him back to the Vietnamese but told them the amount they were offering was too little and demanded more however before they could agree on a price, Wu was rescued by the Pingxiang magistrate Li Guangning and then was sent to Beijing to work as a eunuch in the Ming palace at the Directorate of Ceremonial (silijian taijian 司禮監太監). The Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư records that in 1467 in An Bang province of Dai Viet (now Quảng Ninh Province) a Chinese ship blew off course onto the shore. The Chinese were detained and not allowed to return to China as ordered by Le Thanh Tong. This incident may be the same one where Wu Rui was captured.

Paragraph 24: Through the Enchantress, the group, later named the Shadowpact, learn that the Spectre was being seduced and corrupted by Eclipso. They plan what is essentially a suicide mission to find the Spectre (and Eclipso), attack Eclipso with overwhelming surprise and numbers and to kill her, hoping to free the Spectre before he turns on them. As the Enchantress, Blue Devil, Ragman and Nightmaster teleport in, they happen on Captain Marvel fighting a duel of magic vs. spirit, which gives them the time and a chance to try to defeat Eclipso while the Spectre is distracted. Hoping to give Captain Marvel more time to hold off the Spectre (which gives them more time to defeat Eclipso), the Enchantress siphons magical energy first from herself; then from mystics around the world, including heroes such as Alan Scott, Zatanna, the Phantom Stranger (still in mouse form); villains like Blackbriar Thorn; and finally, ordinary mortals with little magic power, adding to Captain Marvel's own magical power. Meanwhile, Detective Chimp and Nightshade work on a backup plan by trying to bring back Black Alice, a girl with the power to steal another's magical abilities for a short period of time, leaving her target powerless. The Shadowpact defeats Eclipso when Blue Devil skewers Eclipso with his Trident of Lucifer, while Captain Marvel gains the upper hand over the Spectre, thanks to the tens of thousands of magic users supporting him. However, the strain of gathering such immense quantities of magic drives the Enchantress temporarily insane, and she releases her link to Captain Marvel to battle her own teammates. Captain Marvel's strength fades, and he is barely defeated by the Spectre. The Spectre, who is now heavily drained, rescues a stunned Eclipso, and Eclipso uses the last of her power to fly both of them away to safety. Blue Devil knocks the Enchantress out, and the Shadowpact return to the Oblivion Bar with Captain Marvel to regroup, surprised to be alive, and amazed to have temporarily beaten back the Spectre.

Paragraph 25: He received interest from Micky Adams' Port Vale, and joined the club on trial in July 2010. Acknowledging "it's a last-chance saloon", Roberts said "I've learnt just not to be a plonker for all my life." He joined the team on their July pre-season trip to Ireland, as Adams, already convinced of the player's talents, wanted to test Roberts' ability to stay away from his off-the-field demons. Roberts seemed to enjoy a good start to his Vale career, and after Adams' typically relentless pre-season fitness regime he claimed "I've turned the corner...I think I've got my act together but I've just got to keep living each day as it comes and as long as I wake up clean that's all that I need". He signed a six-month contract at the end of the month. He started the season well, maintaining discipline off the pitch, and his first team place on it, forging a midfield partnership with Anthony Griffith. As early as September he entered negotiations with the club to extend his contract, and Roberts quickly signed an extended contract to keep him at the club until the end of the season. However Micky Adams left the club in December 2010, and Roberts did not enjoy a happy relationship with new manager Jim Gannon. Gannon dropped him to the bench after Roberts admitted he did not enjoy playing in a more advanced position; Vale fans showed their support for the player by chanting his name throughout a 1–0 win over Rotherham. He then picked up a three-match ban after receiving a red card for violent conduct in a reserve match against Nottingham Forest. Gannon defended Roberts, believing the player was unlucky to be dismissed after he responded to a 'reckless' challenge by David Morgan by shoving Morgan to the ground. In March, speculation that he would leave Vale Park at the end of the season (or earlier) increased, as it was reported by BBC Radio Stoke that the club had informed the player he could leave on loan. However Gannon denied this on the club's website, stating that there was "no substance" to the report. In fact he went on to say "he has a huge part to play" in the club's promotion campaign. His teammates also showed their support for him by celebrating goals with Roberts' celebration style during his absence; club captain Marc Richards also dedicated his two goals against Shrewsbury Town to Roberts. Gannon's reign was quickly terminated, but Roberts still struggled to regain his form under caretaker-manager Mark Grew.

Paragraph 26: A link exchange is a confederation of websites that operates similarly to a web ring.  Webmasters register their web sites with a central organization, that runs the exchange, and in turn receive from the exchange HTML code which they insert into their web pages.  In contrast to a web ring, where the HTML code simply comprises simple circular ring navigation hyperlinks, in a link exchange the HTML code causes the display of banner advertisements, for the sites of other members of the exchange, on the member web sites, and webmasters have to create such banner advertisements for their own web sites.

Paragraph 27: The regiment was shipped to the Cape Colony during the Eighth Xhosa War in 1851. On 25 February 1852 a detachment of 51 men under the command of Ensign Boyland were aboard HMS Birkenhead travelling from Simon's Town to Port Elizabeth when the ship struck rocks. The troops were assembled on deck and remained at attention to afford the embarked women and children time to take their place in the lifeboats. Shortly after this the ship broke up and the vast majority of the troops on board were either drowned or fell victim to sharks. The bravery of the troops, made up of cadres from ten different regiments, led to the naming of the Birkenhead Drill. It once again became the 1st Battalion when the 2nd Battalion was reformed in 1857, and went to China in 1860 at the time of the Second Opium War, fighting at the Third Battle of Taku Forts and the capture of Beijing. It was stationed in the Imperial fortress colony of Bermuda from 1864 to 1866. Although too far North for yellow fever to establish itself in perpetuity, the disease was introduced to Bermuda several times during the 19th century by mail boats from the West Indies, causing endemics that resulted in many deaths, most particularly among members of the armed forces. Under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel F. L. O. Attye, the battalion arrived at the Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda (aboard HMS Orontes from Gibraltar, via Madeira) on the 15 July 1864, in the midst of one of these epidemics and its losses in Bermuda included Assistant Surgeon James Murray Chalk at St. George's Garrison on 8 February 1865 and Douglas James Mounteny Rose, the five-year-old son of Lieutenant-Colonel Rose, who died the following day. The battalion lost fifty-two officers and men in the epidemic. The battalion departed Bermuda for Cork, Ireland, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Werge, aboard HMS Orontes on the 3 November 1866.

Paragraph 28: With the clouds of war closing in, the project of writing a play together with Conrad based on the latter's novel, Nostromo had to be abandoned as both men hurriedly left Austria Hungary. Retinger would have been eligible for military call up in Galicia, but no mention of this is made by his biographers. Instead, he put aside literary endeavours and once more assumed the role of a political lobbyist for Poland, publishing pamphlets and travelling between London, Paris and New York, aided by Conrad in London. In the first years of the war, this was not on the agenda of the major powers. Retinger looked instead for other potential alliances and political leverage which led to meetings with leading Zionists of the time, including Chaim Weizmann, Vladimir Zhabotinski and Nahum Sokolow who were seeking international recognition and rights for the Jewish diaspora. In 1916 guided by Zamoyski and with the approval of H. H. Asquith, David Lloyd George and Georges Clemenceau with his old Parisian connections, Sixtus and Xavier de Bourbon Parme, the Duchess of Montebello and Marquis Boni de Castellane, as well as Zamoyski's friend the Polish General of the Jesuits, Włodzimierz Ledóchowski, Retinger became a "courier" in the secretive European dynastic negotiation suing for peace with Austria. It became known as the Sixtus Affair but was a failure, due to Germany's refusal to cooperate thus making Austria more dependent on it. In 1917 he met Arthur "Boy" Capel, the half-French dilettante, polo player and "sponsor" of Coco Chanel. Capel is said to have planted in Retinger's mind the idea of a world federal government based on an Anglo-French alliance. After concerns for his personal safety due to his "political meddling" in Austria-Hungary and in the emergent Soviet Union, in 1918 Retinger was banned from France, and sought sanctuary in Spain for several months.

Paragraph 29: The HT-6000, released in late 1987 but not widely available until late 1988, was an entirely different SD synthesizer which greatly expanded SD the synthesis engine. While designed as a consumer model, it was far more powerful than the more professional-appearing HZ-600 whose synthesis engine the other HT's utilized. The HT-6000 introduced for the HT line some of the more high-end features previously only included by Casio in the CZ line, such as ring-modulation, detuning, key-follow, and initial-touch (which, among the CZ's, was only found on the most advanced model, the CZ-1). The HT-6000 used an impressive 4 DCO's per voice (vs. 1 on the other SD synths, and 2 on the CZ synths). It had 64 DCO wave forms to choose from (32 basic, 16 with noise [white or metallic], and 16 with ring modulation). It had 8 independent VCF filters (1 per voice, vs. 1 per channel), and added key-follow parameters for both the DCA and VCF. The DCA also added attack and decay curves (acute and obtuse). It also added an independent ADSR envelope for noise. The 4 DCO's each use the same waveform, VCF and DCA envelopes, but can have separate tunings, velocity response curves, and relative DCA envelope depths. Stacking the oscillators with detunes allowed the creation of flange and chorus effects, fat "super saws", and the creation of dual-note or even triad and 4-note leads. The filter cutoffs could be set to respond to velocity which added some expressiveness. Because each oscillator could have separate tuning and velocity response, it was also possible to have the pitch change according to pressure, if one of two differently tuned oscillators had an inverse velocity curve. Ring modulation used oscillator 4 to modulate oscillator 3, and allowed the creation of metallic and pulse sounds, lower bass harmonics and even distortion. Like the HZ-600 but unlike the others, the HT-6000 had a complete parameter list silkscreened on the outer panel, somewhat alleviating the need for a manual. In terms of "home keyboard" features the HT-6000 improved the auto-accompaniment versus the previous HT's by including some additional PCM drum sounds, an additional accompaniment part ("obbligato"), 4 bass patches (versus one), additional chord inversions (including more tonic, suspended and subdominant triads), and the addition of "Intro" and drum and chord "Variation" for auto-rhythms. The HT-6000 was also sold in Germany by Hohner as the KS-610/TR. The HT-6000 was reviewed in Keyboard Magazine, November 1988, p. 149. If the HT-6000, rather than the HZ-600, had been packaged as the "professional" model, it may have sold much better.

Paragraph 30: Principal photography for Buddy Buddy began on February 4, 1981, and Wilder had problems with writing. "Wilder the writer let Wilder the director down," he stated. "We had to write too fast. The script was done in three months. We always took much longer, but the wheels were rolling, and we had to go forward." Two weeks into filming, the director realized, "It didn't work to have two comics together. I needed someone serious like Clint Eastwood as the hit man instead of a comedian like Matthau." Veber agreed saying Wilder "made the same mistake I made when I wrote the story as a play in Paris. It was not a great success because I did not make the killer tough enough. I changed that when I wrote the film. Lino Ventura played the part as a really hard killer. Billy Wilder cast Matthau in the part and that was a mistake. You cannot be frightened by him. He would have been better off with someone like Charles Bronson." Lemmon on set told a reporter that making the film was "a dream ... Not only do Walter and I know what each of us is going to do. We also had the advantage of three days of rehearsal, something Billy hasn't done before. This movie is like The Odd Couple, with much of it scenes between Walter and me." Lemmon later said he sensed a change in the director's approach to filmmaking. "Billy seemed more tense. He seemed to be pushing harder, forcing it ... It was something I couldn't put my finger on exactly. He had always been open to suggestions I had for my part ... but this time, I didn't feel as welcome with my ideas, so I didn't say anything. Who am I to tell Billy Wilder what he should do?" Matthau was injured on a laundry chute while filming. Wilder said, "If you are an experienced director today, you are old-fashioned. If you don't know where to put the camera, you are a revolutionary nouvelle vague cinematic genius. The only things that seem to do well today are garbage. You pile up cars in a wreck. However, as those pictures are keeping the companies alive and permitting them to subsidize our pictures, I suppose I shouldn't complain. But I complain." Wilder added during filming, "This is my 53rd year in the industry and in that time I've seen a lot of ebb and flow - lately there's been an inordinate amount of ebb. But to paraphrase a line of Simon Wiesenthal's, 'A movie maker who does not believe in miracles is not a realist.' All I know is it's nice to be working." The film was a critical and commercial failure, and in later years Klaus Kinski denied being in it: "The best thing for me about Buddy Buddy was that not very many people saw it," Wilder said: "It hurts to strike out on your last picture." Anxious to bounce back from the unhappy experience, he and Diamond immediately went to work on what they hoped would be their next project. "Iz and I had so many ideas, we'd work on one for four weeks, and then we'd start another. We'd been burned; we chose wrong with Buddy Buddy, and we didn't want to make another mistake. We'd had some failures, so our confidence wasn't as good."