Paragraph 1: In 1765 he travelled to Italy to engage some new singers; meanwhile the death of King Frederick put an end to his engagement for the time being. In 1766 he was appointed choir master at the Ospedale della Pietà in Venice, a position he held until 1767. In 1769 he went to London, where he could only survive by giving music lessons. In 1779 he was elected maestro di cappella at the cathedral of Milan, where he remained until 1784. Here he exercised his true vocation of composer, in addition to at least twenty of his most successful operas, a vast amount of sacred music for the cathedral, and educating a number of clever pupils, the most distinguished of whom was Cherubini. In 1784 Sarti was invited by the empress Catherine II to St. Petersburg. On his way there he stopped in Vienna, where Emperor Joseph II received him with special favour, in large part due to his opera Fra i due litiganti il terzo gode, and where he made the acquaintance of Mozart and Salieri. He reached St. Petersburg in 1785 and at once took the direction of the opera, for which he composed many new pieces, besides some very striking sacred music, including a Te Deum for the victory of Ochakov, in which he introduced the firing of real cannons. Sarti founded the Russian Conservatory for Music in 1793.  He remained in Russia until 1801, when his health was so broken that he solicited permission to return. The emperor Alexander dismissed him in 1802 with a liberal pension; letters of nobility had been granted to him by empress Catherine. His most successful operas in Russia were Armida e Rinaldo and The Early Reign of Oleg (Nachal'noye upravleniye Olega), for the latter of which the empress herself wrote the libretto. Sarti died in Berlin on his return trip.

Paragraph 2: On 26 January 1222 Cecilia Devereux paid the court a half mark to move a case from the regional court to the superior courts held during Easter term at Westminster. The plea involved the complaint of Richard Fulcon (Fulton) concerning 2 knight's fees in Alnathestun (Elnodestune). The half mark was recorded as paid on the Pipe Roll for Michaelmas 1223. On 14 January 1224 Richard, son of Godfrey Fulton, brought suit against Cecilia Devereux for one knight's fee in Elnodestune, and one knight's fee in Putley. His claim was based on the land being held by his uncle, Roger Devereux, in the time of King Henry, grandfather of the King, and assessed at a value of 20 shillings. Roger Devereux died without heirs and his rights passed to a sister, Sybil Devereux. Sybil had a son, Godfrey Fulton, and a grandson, the complainant Richard Fulton. Cecilia countered Fulton's claims. Concerning the fee of Elnodestune, she did not hold that fee directly, but as part of the holding of Walter de Lacy.  Richard Fulton could not counter this and yielded his complaint. Concerning the fee of Putley, she denied holding a whole fee, but admitted possessing a third of a fee.  Richard Fulton indicated that regardless of whether it is a third or a whole fee, this is the fee that corresponds to his ancestor's holding. Cecilia put forward that the court should deny his claim as Roger Devereux had two sisters, Orenge and Sybil, and they possess an equal claim.  As the descendants of Orenge put forward no claim, she asserts that she should not respond to the current complaint. Fulton countered that Orenge never married the man she was betrothed to, and her children by Parson Ralph de Lichelade were illegitimate. Cecilia put forward that it is true Orenge did not marry her fiancée, but land was given her as dowry based on her relationship with Parson Ralph. These rights passed to her children thereby establishing their legitimacy. The land passed to Orenge's son, Master Ralph de Lechelad, who gave it to his brother, William. Cecilia showed that she had sued William, and the king's court found in Lechelad's favor confirming legitimacy.  She called for the court to vouch this warranty, which was done, and the court found in favor of Cecilia. About 1235, the Book of Fees compiled the military tenants of the Honour of Weobley who held of Walter de Lacy. The list included William Devereux, grandson of Cecilia by her eldest son, Stephen, holding a half fee in (Lower) Hayton, Salop; and Cecilia Devereux and her son, Nicholas, holding four fees with William de Furches. Nicholas Devereux's holdings included Chanstone manor in Elnodestune, Herefordshire.

Paragraph 3: In 1992, Davis had the best season of his career. He rushed for 613 yards, caught 15 passes for 80 yards, returned 14 kickoffs for 251 yards, and scored a career-high 6 touchdowns. But he is best remembered for his superb performance in the post season. In Buffalo's wild card game against the Houston Oilers, Thomas was knocked out of the game early with a hip injury, and Houston built up a 28–3 first half lead. Then, they increased it to 35–3 early in the third quarter when backup quarterback Frank Reich's pass was intercepted and returned for a touchdown. But in what became known as The Comeback, Buffalo stormed back and won the game 41–38 in overtime; the rally from the 32-point deficit was the largest comeback in NFL history. Davis was instrumental in the Bills victory, rushing for 68 yards, catching 2 passes for 25 yards, and scoring the first touchdown of the game for Buffalo. One week later, the Bills traveled on the road to face the Pittsburgh Steelers in the Divisional Playoffs, with Thomas back but playing hurt, Davis did a superb job carrying the offense, rushing for 104 yards and a touchdown on just 10 carries in the Bills 24–3 win. Then the Bills advanced to their 3rd consecutive Super Bowl by defeating the Miami Dolphins 29–10 in the AFC title game. Thomas had recovered enough to regain his spot on the starting lineup, but Davis was still a major factor in Buffalo's victory. He rushed for 61 yards and a touchdown while also catching 4 passes for 52 yards. The Bills lost Super Bowl XXVII 52–17, but Davis had a great game. He was the Bills leading rusher with 86 yards, while also catching 3 passes for 16 yards and returning a kickoff for 21 yards.

Paragraph 4: Tsar Alexander I of Russia, while visiting England with his servant the Cossack Platov, is shown a variety of modern inventions. Platov keeps insisting that things in Russia are much better (embarrassing a guide at one point when he finds something that appears well made that turns out to be a Russian gun), until they are shown a small mechanical flea. After his ascension the next tsar, Nicolas I, orders Platov (after he tries to hide the flea) to find someone to outperform the English who had created the clockwork steel flea (as small as a crumb, and the key to wind it up can only be seen through a microscope). Platov travels to Tula to find someone to better the English invention.  Three gunsmiths agree to do the work and barricade themselves in a workshop.  Villagers try to get them to come out in various ways (for example by yelling "fire"), but no one can get them to come out.  When Platov arrives to check on their progress, he has some Cossacks try to open the workshop.  They succeed in getting the roof to come off, but the crowd is disgusted when the trapped smell of body odor and metal work comes out of the workshop.  The gunsmiths hand Platov the same flea he gave them and he curses them, believing that they have done absolutely nothing.  He ends up dragging Lefty with him in order to have someone to answer for the failure.

Paragraph 5: On March 27, 2020, legislation was passed in the United States to assist in the growth of Telehealth capabilities across the country. The CDC recommends that telehealth be used whenever possible to stop the spread of Corona Virus. Although Telehealth is not a new concept, the appearance of the Corona Virus and COVID-19 has quickly accelerated both its necessity and popularity. With societal changes occurring all across the globe, it became apparent that the medical field needed to devise a new way of delivering care in order to promote social distancing, quarantining when required, and the preservation of limited hospital resources. State-wide lockdowns were implemented to decrease the spread of the novel Corona Virus and Telehealth was and continues to be a way to make healthcare more accessible to people all around the country, especially in rural regions of America. Telehealth makes it possible for high-risk patients to remain safely in their homes while still receiving routine care from their providers. It allows Corona Virus positive providers with mild symptoms to be able to continue to see patients from home while they convalesce. The benefits of Telehealth during a pandemic appear to outweigh the risks: it will decrease overhead costs, is convenient, promotes infection control, connects medical personal from different regions, and allows for rapid triage. Risk factors include increasing health care disparity due to lack of internet or devices, technical difficulties, and a lack of hands on care. However, research indicates that telehealth will continue to play a vital role in diagnosis and treatment until proper effective treatment and/or a vaccine is available to the public. Hospital systems must access their readiness for telehealth and implement it in a timely fashion.

Paragraph 6: Before the Belle-Isle could be properly repaired, a storm broke two of the weakened masts. Shortly afterwards, the British caught up with them, and a battle ensued, from which the French barely escaped into the Dutch port of Flushing, where they stayed some time, making repairs. Chauvelin and Gros Thomas went out on raids, but on their second such excursion they met two large British frigates, and Gros Thomas was captured. Belle-Isle and Chauvelin continued the mission, maintaining uncertainty about their position by never accepting a ransom for ships they captured; any which were not sent for sale were sunk. It seems that the French vessels visited Gothenburg in Sweden during this period, for it is claimed that in 1757 François was introduced there to Carl Björnberg, then the only member in Sweden of the mariners' society called the Order of Coldin—of which Thurot happened to be a senior member, so he was able to promote Friherr Björnberg to a higher grade, which permitted him to recruit new members (the Order was still operating in Sweden in 2007). On 5 October, under British flags, they even sheltered from bad weather at Findhorn in the Moray Firth. The shelter proved inadequate, and Chauvelin's mooring cables snapped. Driven out to sea, Captain Desages never managed to rejoin his commodore, for when he set out in pursuit the next day, Thurot met the full force of the storm and Belle-Isle was once again dismasted, then driven north, almost unsteerable, to the Shetland Isles. Adopting the Dutch flag on this occasion, Thurot fired guns to call for assistance, and pilots came to help the crippled frigate into "Connestienne" (Lunnasting, north east coast of the main island—often just called VIdlin today, after its harbour, Vidlin-voe, where Thurot landed) bay. After staying a few days for repairs, and learning that the convoy from Russia had passed weeks earlier, François headed for Bergen. On 19 October, Belle-Isle encountered a 26-gun frigate flying the English flag, so Thurot pretended that he was also British, until he was in a perfect position to attack, firing great guns and small arms simultaneously (naval historian John Knox Laughton made it very clear that this easy capture, oddly unnamed in biographies of Thurot, was not a Royal Navy vessel, but presumably a British privateer). Arriving at Bergen on 30 October, he attempted unsuccessfully to obtain a second vessel to replace the Chauvelin, and tried to avoid diplomatic problems, while simultaneously talking-up the morale of his tired crew.

Paragraph 7: Omori's first match back as an official member of the AJPW roster took place on December 25, 2011, teaming up with Manabu Soya and Seiya Sanada in a loss to Akebono, Keiji Mutoh, and Super Delfin. On March 20, 2012, Omori and Soya defeated Dark Cuervo and Dark Ozz for the World Tag Team Championship. After losing the title to Joe Doering and Seiya Sanada on May 20, Omori and Soya, known collectively as "Get Wild", regained the title on June 17. They vacated the title on October 30, in time for the 2012 World's Strongest Tag Determination League. On November 30, Get Wild won the tournament to regain the title. On December 11, Soya unsuccessfully challenged Masakatsu Funaki for the Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship. As a result, Get Wild was forced to disband, despite still holding the World Tag Team Championship. Get Wild went on to lose the title to Burning (Go Shiozaki and Jun Akiyama) on March 17, 2013. Following Soya's resignation from AJPW, Omori revived his team with Akiyama, naming it "Wild Burning" in January 2014. On February 8, Wild Burning unsuccessfully challenged Evolution (Joe Doering and Suwama) for the World Tag Team Championship. On April 27, Omori won his first Champion Carnival, defeating Jun Akiyama in the finals. On June 15, Omori defeated Akiyama in a rematch to win the vacant Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship for the first time. On June 28, Omori became only the sixth "Quintuple Crown Champion" in All Japan history, when he and Akiyama defeated Joe Doering and Suwama to win the World Tag Team Championship. However, the next day, Omori lost the Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship to Suwama, ending his reign at just 14 days. After successfully defending the World Tag Team Championship against Akebono and Yutaka Yoshie on October 22, Omori and Akiyama vacated the title the following day in time for the 2014 World's Strongest Tag Determination League. They regained the title by winning the tournament on December 6, defeating Go Shiozaki and Kento Miyahara in the finals. Wild Burning's second reign ended on March 22, 2015, when they were defeated by Akebono and Yutaka Yoshie. On January 1, 2016, Omori was appointed to the All Japan Board of Directors. On December 18, the reunited Get Wild defeated Jake Lee and Kento Miyahara in the finals to win the 2016 World's Strongest Tag Determination League.

Paragraph 8: The scale of destruction was unprecedented, up to 90 percent of the city (then the second largest city in Somalia) was destroyed, (United States embassy estimated 70 percent of the city was damaged or destroyed). The testimony of Aryeh Neier, the co-founder of Human Rights Watch, confirms the large-scale nature of government attacks against civilians:In an attempt to dislodge the SNM, the government is using artillery and air bombardment, especially Hargeisa and Buroa, on a daily basis, aiming particularly at civilian population targets. Reports from eye witnesses speak of the town of Hargeisa as mere rubble, devastated to the point that it is barely recognizable even to its inhabitants.The Guardian reported the scale of destruction as follows:The civil war left Hargeisa in ruins: 80 percent of the building in the town were destroyed, many of them by the aerial bombardment of General Siad Barre's Zimbabwean mercenary pilots. The view from the air is of a town without roofs. The exposed pale green and blue plaster walls reflect the sunlight.Many of the houses are boarded up because of the small anti-personnel mines scattered by Gen Siad Barre's forces when tens of thousands of Hargeisa residents fled. What was not destroyed was looted.Other descriptions of what took place in Hargeisa include:Siad Barre focused his wrath (and American-supported military might) against his Northern opposition. Hargeisa, Somalia's second city and the former capital of British Somaliland was bombed, strafed and rocketed. Some 50,000 people are believed to have lost their lives there as a result of summary executions, aerial bombardments and ground attacks. The city itself was destroyed. Streams of refugees fleeing the devastation were not spared by government planes. The term "genocide" came to be used more and more frequently by human rights observers.Amnesty International confirmed the large-scale targeting and killing of civilian population by Somali government troops. The campaign had completely destroyed Hargeisa, causing its population of 500,000 to flee across the border and the city was "reduced to a ghost town with 14,000 buildings destroyed and a further 12,000 heavily damaged". The Congressional General Accounting Office team noted the extent to which residential districts were especially targeted by the army:Hargeisa, the second largest city in Somalia, has suffered extensive damage from artillery and aerial shelling. The most extensive damage appeared to be in the residential areas where the concentration of civilians was highest, in the marketplace, and in public buildings in the downtown area. The U.S. Embassy estimated that 70 percent of the city has been damaged or destroyed. Our rough visual inspection confirms this estimate.Much of Hargeisa appears to be a "ghost town," and many homes and building are virtually empty. Extensive looting has taken place even though the military has controlled the city since late July 1988. We were told that private property was taken from homes by the military in Hargeisa. Homes are devoid of doors, window frames, appliances, clothes, and furniture. The looting has resulted in the opening of what are called "Hargeisa markets" throughout the region, including Mogadishu and Ethiopia, were former residents have spotted their possessions. One observer remarked that Hargeisa is being dismantled piece by piece. We were told that long lines of trucks heavily laden with Hargeisa goods could be seen leaving the city, heading south towards Mogadishu after the heavy fighting had stopped.The Governor of Hargeisa estimates the present population to be around 70,000, down from a pre-conflict population figure of 370,000. However, the current residents of Hargeisa are not believed to be the former Issak residents. Observers believe that Hargeisa is now composed largely of dependents of the military, which has a substantial, visible presence in Hargeisa, a significant number of Ogadeni refugees, and squatters who are using the properties of those who fled.The report also stated that the city was without electricity or a functioning water system, and that the Somali government was "actively soliciting multilateral and bilateral donors for reconstruction assistance" of cities primarily destroyed by the government's own forces.

Paragraph 9: Hal Hinson, writing in The Washington Post said, the film is "so peculiar that one barely knows where to start." He noted that "the real audience for the film—the kids—will have not the slightest hint of all this. They'll be far too consumed—as well they should be—with the goofy antics of Bo-Tat, who, as movie elephants go, is actually pretty wonderful." In mixed fashion, he concluded by saying, "Operation Dumbo Drop isn't a shoddy piece of work or a cynical one. It's well acted, well directed and far more interesting visually than most children's films. In its heart of hearts, though, it is more than slightly schizoid. On the one hand, it's a diverting entertainment for children and young adults; on the other, it's a ludicrous fantasy about a war whose complexities cannot be contained by facile metaphors." Roger Ebert in the Chicago Sun-Times offered a mostly negative review commenting, "the story is so sentimentalized, so sanitized into a family comedy, that I do doubt the reality was anything like this." He expressed disappointment by saying, "There is a moment when Nguyen can shoot the elephant, but chooses not to, using dialogue that I somehow doubt was uttered by any member of the Viet Cong at any time:  'I did not join this army to shoot elephants - especially ones that fly.' " He concluded "As a family movie, "Operation Dumbo Drop" is sort of entertaining. As history, it's shameless." In the Deseret News, critic Chris Hicks reserved a mild compliment for some of the lead acting and directing saying, "Glover and Liotta play against each other pretty well, though there is none of the chemistry Glover has with Mel Gibson in the "Lethal Weapon" films." He noted how director Wincer "moves things along quite well, and there is some impressive stunt work". But overall, he felt the film's screenplay was "strictly by-the-numbers stuff and contains some wildly implausible elements."

Paragraph 10: Sigel was born in Sinsheim, Baden (Germany), and attended the gymnasium in Bruchsal. He graduated from Karlsruhe Military Academy in 1843, and was commissioned as a lieutenant in the army of the Grand Duchy of Baden. He met the revolutionaries Friedrich Hecker and Gustav von Struve and became associated with the revolutionary movement. He was wounded in a duel in 1847. The same year, he retired from the army to begin law school studies in Heidelberg. After organizing a revolutionary free corps in Mannheim and later in the Seekreis county, he soon became a leader of the Baden revolutionary forces (with the rank of colonel) in the 1848 Revolution, being one of the few revolutionaries with military command experience. In April 1848, he led the "Sigel-Zug", recruiting a militia of more than 4,000 volunteers to lead a siege against the city of Freiburg. His militia was defeated on April 23, 1848 by the numerically inferior but better led troops of the Grand Duchy of Baden. In 1849, he became Secretary of War and commander-in-chief of the revolutionary republican government of Baden. Wounded in a skirmish, Sigel had to resign his command but continued to support the revolutionary war effort as adjutant general to his successor Ludwik Mieroslawski. In July, after the defeat of the revolutionaries by Prussian troops and Mieroslawski's departure, Sigel led the retreat of the remaining troops in their flight to Switzerland. Sigel later went on to England. Sigel emigrated to the United States in 1852, as did many other German Forty-Eighters.

Paragraph 11: He began his career as a drummer, working primarily in the jazz fusion realm, appearing with John McLaughlin and the Mahavishnu Orchestra, Chick Corea, Jaco Pastorius, Wayne Shorter and Weather Report, and Allan Holdsworth.  After being mentored by Quincy Jones, he transitioned into a role as a songwriter and producer, working in the 1980s and 1990s with numerous R & B acts such as Whitney Houston, Aretha Franklin, Mariah Carey, as well as other singers across a number of genres.  In 2020, he became the drummer for Journey, replacing Steve Smith. In 2021, he became one of two drummers in the band alongside the returning Deen Castronovo prior to leaving in 2022. He appears on the band's album Freedom (2022), having co-produced and played on the album before his departure.

Paragraph 12: In August 2004, he was sentenced to six years' imprisonment for causing death by dangerous driving following a fatal crash on 23 November 2003. Following his release from prison in 2007, he returned to the professional game with Oldham Athletic of League One. He signed for Notts County in July 2009, and was named on the PFA Team of the Year after scoring 30 league goals as the club won the League Two title in 2009–10. He left Notts County to sign for Port Vale in January 2013 and helped the club to secure promotion out of League Two in 2012–13. In January 2014, he signed for Forest Green Rovers on an 18-month deal. In January 2015, he returned to Kidderminster Harriers, and moved on to Ilkeston and then Worcester City in the summer. He continued to be a prolific goalscorer into his 40s and signed with AFC Telford United in February 2017. He began his management career as joint-manager of Worcester City, alongside John Snape, in May 2017. In March 2018, he joined Halesowen Town as a player, where he remained until moving on to Mickleover Sports in August 2019. He later played for Grantham Town, Nuneaton Borough, Cradley Town and Stourport Swifts.

Paragraph 13: The Seeing Stone was published alongside the first book in May 2003. After the Grace children ignore Thimbletack's warning to destroy the Guide, Simon is abducted by a group of goblins who live in the woods surrounding the house. Thimbletack leads Jared and Mallory to the old carriage house where they find a "seeing stone" (a stone with a natural hole in it) which gives the wearer, in this case Jared, the ability to see faeries (called the Sight). After Jared and Mallory narrowly avoid being captured by the goblins, they go searching for Simon in the woods. On their way through the forest, they encounter a troll residing in the river by a decrepit stone bridge. Partially protected by the daylight, they are able to avoid it, but lose their fencing weapons. Then they find a single brown shoe belonging to Simon. After encountering a wounded griffin, they find the goblin camp and a plethora of prisoners hanging in cages made from refuse from the trees. While trying to rescue Simon, they meet a prisoner named Hogsqueal, a hobgoblin, who convinces them to help him escape in exchange for his help in rescuing Simon. Hogsqueal offers to spit in their eyes, which gives them the Sight without using the stone. Hogsqueal distracts the goblins from the children's escape and in return, Jared, Simon and Mallory attract the goblins' attention away from Hogsqueal and then flee, leading the goblins back to the troll.  Jared convinces the troll to let them escape in return for leading the goblins to him to eat. After they arrive home, Simon convinces them to return to the now empty camp to release the rest of the goblins' victims and they take the injured griffin to the carriage house. After getting grounded by their scared and angry mother for worrying her and coming home late, they discover that Thimbletack, enraged at Jared's forceful taking of the seeing stone, has again become a Boggart and reverted to his mischievous ways.

Paragraph 14: Wolf v. Colorado, 338 U.S. 25 (1949), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held 6—3 that, while the Fourth Amendment was applicable to the states, the exclusionary rule was not a necessary ingredient of the Fourth Amendment's right against warrantless and unreasonable searches and seizures. In Weeks v. United States, 232 U.S. 383 (1914), the Court held that as a matter of judicial implication the exclusionary rule was enforceable in federal courts but not derived from the explicit requirements of the Fourth Amendment. The Wolf Court decided not to incorporate the exclusionary rule as part of the Fourteenth Amendment in large part because the states which had rejected the Weeks Doctrine (the exclusionary rule) had not left the right to privacy without other means of protection (i.e. the States had their own rules to deter police officers from conducting warrantless and unreasonable searches and seizures). However, because most of the states' rules proved to be ineffective in deterrence, the Court overruled Wolf in Mapp v. Ohio, 367 U.S. 643 (1961). That landmark case made history as the exclusionary rule enforceable against the states through the Due Process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the same extent that it applied against the federal government.

Paragraph 15: Probes are often derived from fragments of DNA that were isolated, purified, and amplified for use in the Human Genome Project.  The size of the human genome is so large, compared to the length that could be sequenced directly, that it was necessary to divide the genome into fragments. (In the eventual analysis, these fragments were put into order by digesting a copy of each fragment into still smaller fragments using sequence-specific endonucleases, measuring the size of each small fragment using size-exclusion chromatography, and using that information to determine where the large fragments overlapped one another.) To preserve the fragments with their individual DNA sequences, the fragments were added into a system of continually replicating bacteria populations.  Clonal populations of bacteria, each population maintaining a single artificial chromosome, are stored in various laboratories around the world.  The artificial chromosomes (BAC) can be grown, extracted, and labeled, in any lab containing a library. Genomic libraries are often named after the institution in which they were developed. An example being the RPCI-11 library, which is named after Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center (formerly known as Roswell Park Cancer Institute) in Buffalo, New York. These fragments are on the order of 100 thousand base-pairs, and are the basis for most FISH probes.

Paragraph 16: In the saga "The Siege of Howth", he goes on a circuit of Ireland, visiting kings' courts, and making outrageous demands of hospitality, knowing that disgrace would fall on any kingdom that refused him, and that if anything happened to him the Ulstermen are bound to go to war in his defence. He demands the remaining eye of the one-eyed king of southern Connacht, Eochaid mac Luchta, a night with the wives of Tigerna Tétbuillech, king of Munster and Mesgegra, king of Leinster, and a mysterious jewel from another Leinster king, Fergus Fairge, which Fergus only finds by appealing for help to the "Lord of the Elements". He captures 150 wives of Leinster nobles and prepares to take them back to Ulster with him. The men of Leinster pursue him, the men of Ulster come to his defence, and battle is joined. The Ulstermen are besieged in the fort of Howth Head, north of Dublin, but break out, and the Leinstermen are put to flight. In the ensuing pursuit, the Ulster hero Conall Cernach kills Mesgegra in single combat and takes his head.

Paragraph 17: Once it was apparent to Mears that the Silverton Railroad wouldn't be able to access Ouray, He considered a Railroad route heading west of Durango. It would head north following Lost Creek and the Dolores River, accessing the mining community of Rico, then over Lizard Head Pass, following the San Miguel River up to the Dallas Divide, and then into the town of Ridgway. This route would essentially bypass the issues that kept the SRR from completing the line from Ouray and the need for various switchbacks and Wyes the SRR Required to traverse Red Mountain Pass, So in 1889, he incorporated the Rio Grande Southern. Construction began that year from both Ridgway and Durango. By the end of 1890, before the line was complete, the RGS was already servicing mining companies in Telluride and west of Durango. One of these was the Porter Coal Mine, built by John Porter, who had started other coal mines throughout the Durango Area to fuel the Durango Smelter/San Juan Smelter that he had built as well. The line was completed on 12 December 1891, where the two construction teams met south of Rico. Then the RGS was booming, profitable for the company and investors, and producing higher than the average pay for RGS Employees. This only lasted for a year and a half however, as the Silver Panic of 1893 had resulted in most of the mines the railroad serviced closing overnight, and the railroad lost most of its traffic. This would badly affect the Finances of the RGS, and the railroad was never able to fully recover from this and created many characteristics the RGS is known for today. In August 1893, the RGS requested a voluntary Receivership, which was received by Edward Turner Jeffery of the D&RG. Otto Mears had lost control of his railroad, and the D&RG was now in charge. By 1895 the Receivership had ended, but Ed Jeffery was appointed president, still ensuring the D&RG's control of the line. Later on, the RGS was able to pursue other kinds of traffic, such as Lumber/Logging, Livestock shipments, as well as recovering and different types of mineral traffic.

Paragraph 18: In order to support the MDGs, UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and Administrator of the UN Development Programme (UNDP) Mark Malloch Brown launched the Millennium Project to determine the best strategies for achieving the MDGs. The Project was headed by Professor Jeffrey Sachs.  The Millennium Project worked from 2002 to 2005 to devise a recommended plan of implementation that would allow all developing countries to meet the MDGs and thereby substantially improve the human condition by 2015.  The Millennium Project presented its final recommendations in its report to the Secretary-General Investing in Development: A Practical Plan to Achieve the Millennium Development Goals, completed in January 2005.

Paragraph 19: Born in Tbilisi, Dolidze graduated from the Tbilisi State University with a degree in law summa cum laude in 2002. In 2004 Dolidze received master's degree in International Law from Leiden University. In 2000-2001, she was an assistant of the domestic violence public cooperation program at the Georgia office of the organization Project Harmony International, then - the coordinator of the same program; In 2004–2006 Dolidze was the President of the Georgian Young Lawyers' Association, the leading human rights organization in Georgia. Dolidze represented in court the victims of human rights abuses, including journalist Irakli Imnaishvili, "rebel judges" (four Justices of the Supreme Court that refused to resign under pressure), Anna Dolidze was a leader of the social movement to punish murderers of Sandro Girgvliani. in 2004-2006 Dolidze targeted legal reform, advocated for government transparency, accountability, and criminal justice reform. In 2013-2016, she was an assistant professor at the Faculty of Law of the University of Western Ontario (Canada); From May 2015 to June 27, 2016, she worked as the Deputy Minister of Defense of Georgia; Dolidze was appointed as the Chief Lawyer for the President of Georgia Giorgi Margvelashvili. From June 27, 2016 to January 8, 2018, she was the parliamentary secretary of the President of Georgia; As a Parliamentary Secretary Dolidze presented six Presidential Vetoes to the Parliament. In the Georgian Parliament she presented the Presidential Vetoes on the Law on Surveillance, Law on Local Government, Election Code, Law on Common Courts, and Constitutional Amendments. President Margvelashvili appointed Dolidze to the High Council of Justice, the independent body that oversees the judiciary. Dolidze was the most active member of the  council. she ran a campaign to protest the lack of rule of law and informal governance of the courts i.e. “the clan.” She was attacked by the judges several times. Dolidze resigned from the Council in protest.

Paragraph 20: The Stone Age setting allowed for gags and word plays involving rocks and minerals. For example, San Antonio becomes "Sand-and-Stony-o"; the country to the south of Bedrock's land is called "Mexirock" (Mexico). Travel to "Hollyrock", a parody of Hollywood, usually involves an "airplane" flight — the "plane", in this case, is often shown as a giant pterosaur, with the fuselage strapped to its back. Sun Valley becomes "Stone Valley" and is run by "Conrad Hailstone" (Conrad Hilton). The last names "Flintstone" and "Rubble", as well as other common Bedrock surnames such as "Shale" and "Quartz", are in line with these puns, as are the names of Bedrock's celebrities: "Cary Granite" (Cary Grant), "Stony Curtis" (Tony Curtis), "Ed Sulleyrock/Sulleystone" (Ed Sullivan), "Rock Pile/Quarry/Hudstone" (Rock Hudson), "Ann-Margrock" (Ann-Margret), "Jimmy Darrock" (James Darren), "Alvin Brickrock" (Alfred Hitchcock), "Perry Masonary/Masonite" (Perry Mason as played by Raymond Burr), "Mick Jadestone and The Rolling Boulders" (Mick Jagger and The Rolling Stones, called "Mick Jagged and the Stones" in the live-action film The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas''), "Eppy Brianstone" (Brian Epstein) and "The Beau Brummelstones" (The Beau Brummels). Once, while visiting one of Bedrock's houses of "Haute Couture" with Wilma, Betty even commented on the new "Jackie Kennerock (Jackie Kennedy) look". In some cases, the celebrity featured also provided the voice: "Samantha" and "Darrin" from Bewitched were voiced by Elizabeth Montgomery and Dick York. Examples from the above list include Ann-Margret, Curtis, Darren, and the Beau Brummels. Other celebrities, such as "Ed Sulleystone" and "Alvin Brickrock", were rendered by impersonators. Some of Bedrock's sports heroes include: football player "Red Granite" (Red Grange), wrestler "Bronto Crushrock" (Bronko Nagurski), golfer "Arnold Palmrock" (Arnold Palmer), boxers "Floyd Patterstone" (Floyd Patterson) and "Sonny Listone" (Sonny Liston), and baseball players "Sandy Stoneaxe" (Sandy Koufax), "Lindy McShale" (Lindy McDaniel), "Roger Marble" (Roger Maris), and "Mickey Marble" or "Mickey Mantlepiece" (Mickey Mantle). Ace reporter "Daisy Kilgranite" (Dorothy Kilgallen) was a friend of Wilma. Monster names include "Count Rockula" (Count Dracula), Rockzilla (Godzilla), Rocky Races Penelope Pitrock (Wacky Races Penelope Pitstope) and "The Frankenstone Monster" (Frankenstein's monster), and locations such as RocDonald's (McDonald's), Toy-S-aurus (Toys "R" Us), Bronto King (Burger King) and Bank of Ameroka (Bank of America)

Paragraph 21: At about the same time that California adopted no-fault divorce, the National Conference of Commissioners of Uniform State Laws (NCCUSL) appointed a committee to draft a uniform marriage and divorce law for consideration by state legislatures, and the American Bar Association's Family Law Section was asked to appoint a committee to work with the committee from the NCCUSL. The initial draft of the Uniform Marriage and Divorce Law written by the NCCUSL committee would direct judges to grant the petitioner's request to end the marriage if the judge found that the marriage was "irretrievably broken", a term which this draft did not define. Since the term "irretrievably broken" was not defined, the committee from the American Bar Association (ABA) Family Law Section disapproved of this draft of the Uniform Marriage and Divorce Act. In response, the NCCUSL committee added a 180-day separation requirement in order for judges to find that the marriage had been irretrievably broken.  However, the NCCUSL committee also added language to allow judges to grant a petitioner a divorce if "there is serious marital discord adversely affecting one or both parties toward the marriage."  Some have claimed that a further problem with "irretrievably broken" is that it seems to assume that broken pieces are somehow acceptable if they can be retrieved, even though they are not put back together.

Paragraph 22: During the 1970s, she performed regularly with regional and touring theatrical companies (most notably The Acting Company), and appeared as Desdemona at the Delacorte Theatre in a production of Othello with Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia. She returned to the Delacorte in the summer of 1998 as, Mrs. Antrobus in Thorton Wilder's The Skin Of Our Teeth.  One of her first film appearances was as a  Shakespearean actress in Woody Allen's 1979 classic, Manhattan. In 1980, she made a very well received  Broadway debut in Edward Albee's The Lady From Dubuque. She focused primarily on her stage career for the next two decades, appearing in such productions as Our Town, The Little Foxes, and The Ride Down Mt. Morgan, receiving one Tony and four Drama Desk Award nominations (including a Drama Desk win for The Secret Rapture). Conroy had a small role in the 1984 movie Falling in Love, as a waitress in a swanky restaurant. In 1988, she appeared as the elder daughter of Burt Lancaster's dying patriarch in Rocket Gibraltar. That same year, she appeared in supporting roles in Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and Another Woman. In 1992, she played the political science teacher Christine Downes in the film Scent of a Woman.

Paragraph 23: After her defiance against the teachings of Saintstone and its government, Leora is presented with an opportunity only possible because of her mixed heritage. The government want to use her to infiltrate Featherstone, home to the blanks, so that they can be forever rid of them. However, Leora wishes to learn more about herself and her parents, and now no longer welcome among her own people and the mayor, Longsight, threatening her loved ones should she not comply with his demands, she is sent to earn the trust of the blanks. Her arrival at the blank settlement sparks a debate over her trustworthiness, and despite the promises she made to the mayor, she yearns for acceptance and the truth about her past. It is agreed that she may stay and, so long as she abides by their ways, and she stays with the Whitworth's — whom she learns are Obel's family — and befriends the daughter, Gull. As she spends time with the impoverished residents of Featherstone, she begins to see that they are not so different from the people back home; their stories are the same, but read from a different perspective. They hold the belief that sin can be washed away with a ceremonial baptism on the birthday of the younger inhabitants, and think that those who mark their skin are sinful. Distrust of one another's societies runs deep on both sides, with the blanks blaming the marked community for their misfortune. Leora learns how they were attacked and exiled, forced to live in poverty, and must send out parties in order to steal supplies from Saintstone in order to survive. Leora sneaks out for the first meeting with the mayor's contact, who turns out to be Verity — her best friend who believes she was betrayed by Leora in the first book — but after they argue decides to end any further communications. However the information that she did pass on leads to an unsuccessful raid, and Featherstone is left without enough food or medical supplies, sparking rage against the Saintstone. After the party have returned, Leora is introduced to Sana, unofficial leader of Featherstone and her late mother's best friend; Sana tells her a little about her mother and the past of Featherstone. Later, the arrival of her friend Oscar and his news of Obel's arrest trigger unrest, and Leora sets out to Saintstone with Sana and her crew to free Obel. However, when Leora returns she is intercepted by government official and Mayor Longsight's right-hand man, Jack Minnow, and escorted to the mayor. A town meeting is called in which Leora is to renounce the blanks, but before she takes the stage a hooded figure stabs Mayor Longsight, and in the confusion Leora escapes back to Featherstone. Upon her return, Leora confesses he previous agreement with Longsight, and is shunned by the majority of the blank community. She attends Gull's birthday ceremony from the outskirts, uninvited, but when Gull does not return to the surface of the lake, Leora pulls her out of the water to safety. After Gull has recovered a little, they return to find the water supply has been poisoned, with the marked being labelled as the culprits. Later, Leora and her friends make their way to Featherstone's elderhouse on a hunch, and Leora discovers the bloody knife used to stab Longsight. Sana arrives and confesses to the act, as well as starving the people, poisoning the water and more, to provoke the people of Featherstone into action against Saintstone. This leads to Leora and Gull leaving for Saintstone, but upon their arrival, they find Mayor Longsight alive and they are captured.

Paragraph 24: On 6 March 2008, it was revealed that three of the four Bali 9 (Norman, Chen and Nguyen) who were issued death sentences on appeal had their sentences reduced to life imprisonment. The reduction was not officially announced, but court sources confirm that the judges decided to spare their lives. In August 2010, Rush launched his final appeal to overturn the death penalty, and was granted a judicial review, which commenced on 18 August 2010. On 10 May 2011, Rush's appeal was successful as his sentence was reduced to life imprisonment. On 21 September 2010, the leaders of the drug-smuggling ring, Chan and Sukumaran, appealed against their pending death-row sentence and to reduce their jail time to 20 years, instead of the previous life sentence. On 17 June 2011, it was announced that Chan's final judicial appeal had been rejected on 10 May. On 7 July 2011, it was announced that Sukumaran's final judicial appeal was dismissed. On 10 December 2014, the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo stated in a speech that he would not approve any clemencies for drug offences. On 30 December, Sukumaran's plea for clemency was rejected; and Chan's plea for clemency was rejected on 22 January 2015.

Paragraph 25: Ards were forced to sell their Castlereagh Park home in 1998 to try to reduce their crippling debts. The stadium remained well tended for another three years while ambitious plans for a new ground further down the road were developed. In 2002 Castlereagh Park was demolished, as planned. Ards hoped to play at a new community-owned site, a stone's throw from Castlereagh Park that was due to be developed in 2010 by the local council. This plan has since been shelved, and they are still the nomads of Northern Irish football. During the time since Ards left Castleragh Park, they have shared football grounds at Cliftonville's Solitude and Carrick Rangers' Taylors Avenue, their rivals Bangor's ground, Clandeboye Park and Ballyclare Comrades' ground, Dixon Park.

Paragraph 26: After choosing a mode, players will be taken to the song selection, which takes the form of a jukebox-like menu of CDs that represent the available songs. On this screen, various step codes can be entered on the dance stage to adjust the game. Single Play offers two different difficulty levels per song. These levels, known as "Basic" and "Another", may be set while selecting play style or by entering step codes during the song selection. Each difficulty is rated on a scale of 1 to 7, each labeled with a name: Simple (1), Average (2), Novice (3), Expert (4), Professional (5), Genuine (6), and Hero (7). Another step code enables the "Mirror" option, which rotates each arrows to their opposite directions. Players may play anywhere from one to five songs, depending on how many the arcade operator sets the machine to play each game. Players start with 6 song options and cannot choose the same song twice within the same credit. If they manage to fill the dance meter to maximum in Final Stage while playing Basic difficulty in Single Play, players will be granted access to Extra Stage, where they may choose another song set to Another difficulty. A new song will also be added, which varies depending on whether players selected Normal or Hard modes.

Paragraph 27: The organization primarily rescues and distributes dry food products (canned food, rice, pasta, oil, sugar, flour, and more) and over the past five years has also started distributing dairy products and poultry. The modus operandi of the organization relies on long-lasting partnerships with leading companies in the food industry (Osem, Strauss, Tnuva, Coca-Cola, Unilever, etc). Since 2015, Latet has been working in cooperation with  the Manufacturers Association of Israel's Association of Food Industries to encourage, regulate and expand food rescue in Israel among food companies. This collaboration has led to more than 20 new food companies joining the food salvaging circle in 2016-2017. These partnerships have social (assist families in need), economical (save food destruction costs), and environmental (avoid food waste) advantages.

Paragraph 28: "Out of Time" was met with positive reviews from music critics. Alex Needham from NME called it the band's "most straightforwardedly touching single for ages", while Paul Moody from the same magazine praised the song too, stating that Albarn "sings in a voice so pure, clear and welcoming you want to have a shower in it", and "suddenly 'Songbird' doesn't sound so clever after all". Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine thought that "Out of Time" is "lovely", whereas Barry Walters from Rolling Stone called it a "gorgeously mournful single". Kitty Empire of The Observer called it an excellent example of Blur's emancipation, being "saturated with new sounds but faithful to melody". She also deemed the song "a great ballad, intimate and live-sounding, in the tradition of great Albarn ballads like 'Tender' or 'To the End'". According to BBC Music's Dan Tallis, the song is "a perfect pop song and the band struggle to better it". He continued saying that "you only have to listen to 'Out Of Time' a couple of times for it to become embedded in your brain; the dreamy vocals and gentle African drum beat soothe and calm your mind". Andy Greenwald from Spin claimed that "Out of Time" is "the album's highlight", describing the song as "failure-soaked" and "heart-stoppingly lovely". 

Paragraph 29: From Darlington Works, Tornado was moved by road on two articulated lorries to the Great Central Railway on 19 August, where she performed mileage accumulation and testing before hauling her first passenger trains. Testing of the On-Train Monitoring Recorder (OTMR), Train Protection & Warning System (TPWS), Automatic Warning System (AWS), and air brakes was also done at the GCR, and are standard for all steam locomotives requiring certification for main line running, with speed and regulator positions tracked by the onboard recording equipment stored under the driver's seat. After three days, Tornado had completed her first non-stop mile run and had hauled empty coaches. Following HM Railway Inspectorate (HMRI), she went on to haul empty trains at speeds up to  and with a load of up to around 500 tons. One load test involved a rake of 11 coaches and a Class 45 diesel locomotive, and another saw her achieve 2,000 drawbar horsepower. On 10 September Tornado was officially timed for the first time, hauling 518 tons up the 1-in-176 gradient south from Rothley station. For the GCR's Day out with Thomas event during the Summer Bank Holiday weekend, Tornado wore a small Thomas face for light runs.Tornado first passenger trains took place on 21 September 2008; the first was the 10.15 a.m. non-stop service from Quorn and Woodhouse to Leicester North.Heritage Railway magazine, Issue 116, 2–29 October 2008 On this day, 1,000–2,000 covenantors, donors and guests travelled on the services. The first service for fare-paying passengers began on 22 September, where over 1,000 people were carried on the three sold-out trips. On 4 October, Tornado took part in the 125th anniversary of the Boys' Brigade, wearing a special headboard and hauled the GCR's preserved Travelling Post Office train. Her final passenger run on the GCR was on 12 October, and had run  by the end of the month.  The president of the GCR said Tornado achieved a "smooth debut", and the engine was described as having performed "effortlessly" and "faultlessly".

Paragraph 30: Robert G. Kramer Sr. became the company's president and CEO April 1, 2019. Prior to that, he was the president and chief operating officer. He has also served as Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other management positions within the corporation. He received his BA from Clemson University and an MBA from Western Kentucky University. In April 2021, the Washington Post reported that Kramer sold $10 million worth of company stock in January and early February 2021 under a November 13, 2020, SEC Rule 10b-5 trading plan, which allows company executives to comply with insider trading laws by setting up predetermined plans to sell company stock. The sale was executed prior to announcements in March about Johnson & Johnson vaccine doses being discarded as well as subsequent ending production of the AstraZeneca vaccine at the Baltimore plant, but the trading plan was set up after the company had experienced COVID-19 vaccine production issues earlier in 2020. On April 19, 2021, the United States House Select Oversight Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis announced an investigation into Emergent BioSolutions, requesting documents and testimony from El-Hibri and Kramer regarding "federal contracts since 2015, all communication with Kadlec as well as information on audits and inspections of its facilities, drug pricing and executive compensation." Later in April, shareholders filed a class action lawsuit against the company, alleging that they were misled by company executives regarding the company's COVID-19 production capacity. Kramer's previous significant sale of company stock under a SEC Rule 10b-5 plan was in April 2016, and several other Emergent executives also sold stock at that time. The share price subsequently fell, and a lawsuit was filed by investors regarding misrepresentation of the size of the U.S. government's order for anthrax vaccine from the company. Emergent denied the allegations, but paid the investors a $6.5 million settlement.