Paragraph 1: His first role as a general manager was with the Cincinnati Reds at age 31 in 1992. When he took this position, he was the youngest general manager in the history of Major League Baseball.  Bowden was named Major League Executive of the Year in 1999 by The Sporting News after leading one of the lowest payroll teams in baseball to 96 wins. In 1993 Bowden fired rookie manager Tony Pérez after only 44 games.  Perez was a star player in Cincinnati and immensely popular with Reds fans.  At the time, it was the earliest firing of a first-year manager in 65 years.  The firing drew significant criticism from Cincinnati fans.  However, he replaced Perez with Davey Johnson, who went on to lead the Reds to a division title in 1995. In 1998 Bowden traded Jeff Shaw to the Los Angeles Dodgers for infielder Paul Konerko and left-hander Dennys Reyes.  This move was met with shock in the Cincinnati area as Shaw, an all-star and Cincinnati native, signed with the Reds at a discounted rate prior to the season.  At the time Shaw was quoted as saying "We had a handshake deal that he wasn't going to trade me. Three months later, he traded me ... If I had been in the room with him, I would have killed him."  However, the Shaw-Konerko trade turned out to be a lopsided one, with Konerko making six All-Star teams in his career (later with the White Sox). He continued with the Reds until being fired in 2003. Bowden is perhaps best known for his drafting of Joey Votto, Adam Dunn, and Aaron Boone, and his trades for Ken Griffey Jr. Denny Neagle, John Smiley, Kevin Mitchell, Deion Sanders,  José Guillén and Alfonso Soriano. He was the first GM to propose the use of Instant Replay in 1992 and also has supported the concept of trading amateur draft picks.

Paragraph 2: Arriving on a crime scene, where the murder victim appears to be strangled in his apartment, the Masked Raider asks Matt Murdock and Elektra Natchios for help to investigate, but Matt calls Jessica Jones instead who deduces the victim's apartment has a photo with the phrase "2Faced" written, along with a large code of numbers and a familiar star brand. Jessica calls for Carol Danvers, who delivers this information to T'Challa, who leads her to Adam Brashear. Adam deduces that "2Faced" is hiding a hexadecimal number, so Dwayne Taylor calls Richard Rider, with no avail. Therefore, the Agents of Atlas search for Amadeus Cho, who becomes the target from the public eye after talking with Bruce Banner, who has declared war against corporations like Roxxon. Johnny Blaze still hunts Mephisto in Las Vegas before finding Wong. Eddie Brock gets worried for his son Dylan who has visions of Knull. Peter Parker and Miles Morales discuss about Senator Geoffrey Patrick forbidding teenage superheroes. Teddy Altman accepts a mysterious offer at the cost of leaving Billy Kaplan. On the nation of Krakoa, Nathaniel Essex takes interest in Franklin Richards. Meanwhile, Mister Fantastic receives Adam to investigate the murder in the apartment. When a plane carrying Kiren Khanna goes haywire by its A.I. program, he and his pilot are saved by Iron Man (Arno Stark). When Adam asks him about the mysterious code, Stark deduces it is a cipher hiding a three-word message, but Adam leaves before Stark could tell him. Reed asks Jane Foster to perform an autopsy on the victim's corpse. Reed later recognizes the victim as Bel-Dann, a former Kree warrior. He also deduces the message in numbers means "beneath the trees". Reed reunites Jessica, Carol and Adam, who initially suspect the killer was Raksor, Bel-Dann's Skrull partner and former enemy. However, after learning of Bel-Dann's death, Raksor reveals to the others that the mysterious message was sent directly to him and whoever killed him wants to start another war. Raksor and Bel-Dann only wanted to leave the Earth and return to their home planets once their new asset was activated. Before Raksor could tell them more about the case, his body mutates into a tree, killing him. At the end, Teddy accepts the offer of becoming the new ruler of the Kree–Skrull Alliance, adopting the mantle of "Dorrek VIII" and beginning the preparations of invading the Earth for "the final war".

Paragraph 3: Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "First peek into the hotly anticipated soundtrack to the film "Mo' Money" is a glittery, star-studded pop/jack affair. Vandross and Jackson vocally swerve and weave around each other like they've been singing together for years. Added flavor comes from guest raps by Bell Biv DeVoe and Tresvant. The true kudos, however, go to the masterful Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, who have crafted a slammin' track that would work no matter what." Amy Linden from Entertainment Weekly commented, "While the combo of Janet Jackson and Luther Vandross may be a marketing dream, artistically it blows. The trademark busy groove that defines Janet buries Luther, who doesn’t need a crutch and who, when free of misguided arrangements, eats singers like Janet for lunch." John Martinucci from the Gavin Report said the duo "sound great together working over this high energy song". Also Alan Jones from Music Week agreed that "it's appeal is in the super-smooth vocal combination of Janet and Luther." Another editor, Andy Beevers stated that the track is "very catchy and funky". Tom Doyle from Smash Hits described it as "a smooth club number with a dreamy soul feel and a rap from the "special guests" in the middle."

Paragraph 4: The first official journey on the railway took place on 7 January 1893, with the railway chairman taking engineers and other people of importance on a tour of the length of the railway. The railway was officially opened on 4 February the same year by the Leader of the Opposition the Marquis of Salisbury, who turned on the main electrical current during a ceremony at the generating station at the Bramley-Moore Dock. The ceremony was attended by the Earl of Lathom, Lord Kelvin, the mayor of Liverpool, the chairman of the Dock Board, directors and engineers, and a number of other guests, who traveled on an inaugural journey along the railway.

Paragraph 5: Astral competed in the 2009 CMLL Bodybuilding contest and won the Mini-Estrella's division coming in ahead of a number of competitors who were already working for CMLL. Days later, on November 28, Astral made his wrestling debut teaming up with Fantasy to defeat Pequeño Nitro and Pequeño Universo 2000 in a tag team match. While being classified as a Mini-Estrella Astral did not suffer from Dwarfism, but instead was merely shorter than the average wrestlers, something not uncommon in Lucha libre. As part of CMLL's bicentennial celebrations, celebrating the 200th anniversary of Mexico's independence CMLL held two Torneo Bicentenario tournament one of which was for the Mini-Estrellas division. The winner of the tournament would be "promoted" to compete in the regular division going forward. The tournament took place over three Sundays in August, from August 10 to 24. To qualify for the finale on August 24 a wrestler would have to win an eight-man Torneo cibernetico to outlast his competitors. Astral competed in the second block of the tournament, but was eliminated by Pierrothito. Astral was one of 16 Mini-Estrellas to compete in a Ruleta de la Muerte, ("Roulette of Death"). In a Ruleta de la Muerte tournament tag teams face off in a single elimination tournament, but unlike traditional tournaments it is the losing team that advances in this case. The team that loses the tag team match final must immediately wrestle against each other in a Lucha de Apuestas match, where either their mask or their hair is on the line. Astral teamed up with Pequeño Violencia in the fight to keep their masks safe. In the first round they lost to the team of Eléctrico and Mercurio, in the second they were defeated by Pequeño Black Warrior and Fantasy, which put them in the finals of the match, where the losing team would have to risk their mask or hair. Astral and Pequeño Violencia managed to defeat Pierrothito and Bam Bam to keep their mask and hair safe. On April 15, 2012 Astral wrestled Demus 3:16 for the vacant Distrito Federal Lightweight Championship, a title only defended in Mexico City and not exclusively for Mini-Estrellas, but wrestlers under a certain weight limit. The more experienced Demus 3:16 defeated Astral to win the vacant title. CMLL held the 2012 Pequeños Reyes del Aire tournament, with Astral being one of the 18 competitors. Astral was eliminated as the sixth competitor by Demus 3:16. After unsuccessfully challenging Demus 3:16 for the vacant Distrito Federal Lightweight Championship he was more successful in his rematch, winning his first title as he defeated Demus 3:16 on an independent wrestling show in Mexico City. On November 6, 2012, 12 competitors met in a steel cage match where the loser of the match would be forced to unmask or have his hair shaved completely off. Astral was the sixth person to exit the cage when he tried to perform a Moonsault of the top of the cage onto Mercurio, Aéreo and Fantasy who were on the floor. Due to the cage mesh breaking earlier in the match, Astral got caught up on the cage and landed awkwardly on the three men on the floor. The bad fall caused Astral to be rushed out of the arena for immediate attention and Mercurio had to be carried to the back as well due to the impact of Astral. On April 6, 2014, at Arena Coliseo's 71st anniversary event, Astral won a ten-man minis steel cage Lucha de Apuestas, forcing Pequeño Halcón to unmask. On September 7, Astral defeated Pequeño Olímpico to win the CMLL World Mini-Estrella Championship for the first time. Between 2014 and 2017 Astral was booked to successfully defend the CMLL World Mini-Estrellas Championship six times, defeating Eléctrico, Demus, Mercurio twice Auron and finally Demus for a second time.

Paragraph 6: On the dahabeah, Kāra orders Antar to kill Winston, but the sheikh refuses until he receives his payment. (He claims he does not wish to dirty his sword more than once; when he sees the gems, he'll gladly kill Winston and anyone else Kāra wants.) When Tadros learns that Kāra has reached the outskirts of Fedah, he has Roger hide under the rushes that Hatatcha used as a bed.  Tadros asks him if he is "comfortable", to which he replies "not very", —- but enough to remain still for several hours. From there he is able to see which stones Kāra presses in the wall to enter into the secret passage. A while after Kāra enters the tunnels, Consinor becomes too nervous to wait for his return, and enters the passage himself. Since one of his first trips to the treasure room, Kara had taken the Talisman of Ahkta-Rā and worn it on his finger, in spite of the curse upon it. He believed it would give him his ancestor's power if he used it only "temporarily". But on this fateful trip to the treasure, a statue of Isis, which had fallen the last time he was in the tomb, falls again, knocking the Talisman off his hand, making him stumble, and knocking out his lamp. In the darkness, he sees the Talisman return to its spot—or perhaps he is confusing it with the candle Consinor is using. Kāra attacks Roger, but Roger is a skilled wrestler and manages to get on top of him as Kāra tries to asphyxiate him.  He is able to knock Kāra's head to the ground long enough that he loses consciousness, allowing Roger to flee.  Kāra, though, has inadvertently removed the dagger that keeps open the vault door, which cannot be opened from the inside. Even as Roger hears him regain consciousness and get up, he is unaware that Kāra is trapped in the tomb. When Roger rushes from the passage, he is fatally stabbed by Nepthys, who had been waiting by the door and mistook him for Kāra. When Winston's dahabeah arrives at Fedah, Tadros tells Antar that the police have come and taken Kāra and will also arrest Antar and his men if caught.  Although he must work to convince Antar he has nothing to do with the police, eventually he gets the Arabs to flee northward.  Not knowing what has happened to Kāra, and not wishing Nepthys to be punished for the death of Roger Consinor, he gives the same story to Winston and the others, and is triumphantly hired to be their dragoman as they go on to Luxor for the wedding of Aneth Consinor to Gerald Winston.

Paragraph 7: Among Bernhard's notable judicial opinions are: determining probation officers may make sentencing recommendations in their reports; justifying the exercise of the Court's discretion in voir dire to inform jurors of applicable penalty ranges to prevent sentencing bias and mistrials (now required by statute); analyzing when words of a civilian may make such person a police agent effecting an arrest; evaluating whether a subcontractor in a commercial transaction may be subjected to liability under the Virginia Consumer Protection Act; determining the reach of litigation sanctions to a "represented party" in application of the alter ego doctrine; holding when medical causation testimony is unnecessary to commit the decision as to guilt for a crime to a jury; adopting a partial loan subordination approach for analyzing the impact of liens with a circuity of priority; interpreting the scope of statutory preemption of negligence and conversion claims in the context of a fraudulent wire transfer of funds; determining when declaratory judgment actions may be maintained ancillary to administrative adjudications; finding a governor of a requesting state may act through an agent in extradition proceedings; determining that in judicial proceedings to sell tax delinquent realty the liens against properties subject to sale must be determined by the time of entry of the decree of confirmation of sale; holding a court could not vacate a previously granted nolle prosequi as such grant divested jurisdiction over the criminal  offense charged; ruling a grantor-beneficiary could encumber land with an easement in his individual capacity as a partial revocation of the transfer of such estate into a revocable trust; delineating when a residential driveway is subject to prohibition of warrantless arrests thereon; finding an implied-in-fact agreement erased support arrearages; holding "challenger pays" attorneys' fees contract clauses are void as against public policy; analyzing and rejecting application of the rule of the last antecedent, and determining unlicensed noncommercial Lenders are subject to the Virginia Consumer Protection Act; delineating the standard applicable for judicial restoration of gun rights; holding de bene esse depositions may be used in support of summary judgment; determining exercise of reservations of spousal support do not require a showing of material change in circumstances (this default since changed by statute); holding judicial waiver of jail time in the lower courts is binding in appeals de novo in the circuit courts as a matter of judicial estoppel; finding indigent appellants in unlawful detainer cases could not be required to post bond by the lower courts as a prerequisite for transmitting their appeal to the circuit courts for trial de novo; holding that a detainee in extradition proceedings is entitled to a limited mental health evaluation and restoration of capacity as a matter of due process; delineating when a required probationary condition may be excused for inability to comply; holding that an easement for "ingress and egress" to a body of water and for "use" of a sea wall does not confer riparian rights; finding use of cash bail unconstitutional as-applied; delineating the broad scope of the constitutional and statutory power of Commonwealth’s Attorneys to prosecute criminal offenses in Virginia; granting a defense request as a matter of judicial discretion promoting courtroom neutrality, to conduct a jury trial devoid of a symbolically skewed backdrop of portraits that favor any race, which could unintentionally and mistakenly impart African Americans are of lesser standing in the dispensing of justice; holding that affirmative defenses adjudicated by plea in bar are not to be revisited anew at trial in most instances, detailing when spreading bamboo becomes an actionable nuisance and that the statute of limitations does not apply when relief sought is entirely equitable; delineating when "romantic partner" clauses are void as against public policy; determining a sole proprietor is not an "employee" under the workers' compensation law;  holding the court has the discretion to permit a defendant to retract a request for jury sentencing.

Paragraph 8: On February 3, 2023, SM released a video titled "SM 3.0: Producing Strategy Multi 'Production Center/Label' System" on their official YouTube channel, in which co-CEOs Lee Sung-soo and Tak Young-jun revealed that the label is passing from its "2.0" era to the "3.0 era", with major adjustments to come concerning the label's operations. These include shifting from a one-man production system led by founder and executive producer Lee Soo-man and his private production house to a system under which multiple production teams, both internal and external, would supervise music production and artist promotions. A goal of the new system is to avoid production delays. In the video, Lee and Tak also shared that SM will debut four new artists in 2023, including a new girl group managed by Lee, virtual soloist Naevis managed by Park Joon-young, and the Japanese unit of NCT and a new boy group managed by Tak. On February 6, 2023, it was announced that Kakao had purchased a 9.05% stake of SM Entertainment, becoming the company's second-largest shareholder at the time. A day later, Lee Soo-man filed a lawsuit against SM Entertainment, citing the deal between SM and Kakao is "illegal" without his permission as a largest shareholder. On February 9, it was announced that Hybe Corporation had become SM Entertainment's largest shareholder after acquiring a 14.8% stake from Lee Soo-man for approximately 422.8 billion won, with the company subsequently acquiring Galaxia SM's 1% stake on March 3, increasing their share to 15.8%. On March 3, South Korean court  issued an injunction against SM Entertainment deal with Kakao. On March 6, Kakao launch a takeover bid, in which it acquires 35% of SM Entertainment's shares. On March 12, HYBE announced that they no longer planned to own the majority stakes of SM Entertainment, said that the bidding war with Kakao could "damage shareholder value."

Paragraph 9: Hippolyte-Paul Delaroche (; 17 July 1797 – 4 November 1856) was a French painter who achieved his greater successes painting historical scenes. He became famous in Europe for his melodramatic depictions that often portrayed subjects from English and French history. The emotions emphasised in Delaroche's paintings appeal to Romanticism while the detail of his work along with the deglorified portrayal of historic figures follow the trends of Academicism and Neoclassicism. Delaroche aimed to depict his subjects and history with pragmatic realism. He did not consider popular ideals and norms in his creations, but rather painted all his subjects in the same light whether they were historical figures like Marie-Antoinette, figures of Christianity, or people of his time like Napoleon Bonaparte. Delaroche was a leading pupil of Antoine-Jean Gros and later mentored a number of notable artists such as Thomas Couture, Jean-Léon Gérôme, and Jean-François Millet.

Paragraph 10: In week two, Sparks and Cellini told the players that the first to win three "Immunity Challenges" would win a 2006 Chrysler Crossfire Roadster of her own. Going into week five, Lacey and Wells had each won two. The "Immunity Challenge" was the same as the one that eliminated Ruhe, but with two twists. The first was after each failed attempt to hit it into the circle, the player couldn't use the club she hit the shot with for the rest of the round (there were two). The other twist was that an orange circle was placed 7'11" from the pin. The contestant who could hit a shot into that circle would win $5,000 cash from 7-Eleven. In round one, only Lacey and Tucker hit the shot into the circle on their first attempts. In round two, they did it again, but Cho managed to stick her second attempt within eight inches of the cup, securing the 7-11 prize. In the playoff, Tucker hit the circle on her second attempt, while Lacey again stuck her shot in on one attempt, clinching her third immunity and the car. The "Elimination Challenge" dealt with hitting out of two bunkers to a green with three rings, the one being closest to the pin being worth five points, then a three-point circle, then a two-point circle. Anywhere outside of those circles, but still on the green was worth a point. The weather had been particularly uncooperative all day, with high winds and heavy rain. After the first round, only Wells and Cho scored any points. The second round came down to Lucidi and Prange, with Lucidi unable to send Prange home. After this episode aired, Lacey announced she would sell the car to pay back her parents for supporting her career, and to help her get through the LPGA's Q-School, despite her father's pleas for her to keep the car. She is presently hearing offers: 

Paragraph 11: A localized but damaging tornado outbreak produced 11 tornadoes in eastern North Dakota and northwestern Minnesota on the evening of August 26. The strongest event of the outbreak was a large, rain-wrapped EF4 wedge tornado that devastated the town of Northwood, North Dakota. This multiple-vortex tornado began to the southwest of town, snapping numerous trees and striking the Northwood Muni-Vince Airport at EF1 strength, where several planes were damaged. A metal storage building and a small airplane hangar were reduced to bare slabs at that location. The tornado grew to nearly  and reached EF3 strength as it struck Northwood directly. Of the roughly 460 homes in Northwood, 90% of them sustained some type of damage. The local health center, bank, fire station, school, supermarket, and grain elevator were all damaged. Near the grain elevator, several rail cars were knocked off the tracks. Hundreds of trees were snapped, uprooted, or damaged throughout town, and one person was killed in a mobile home park that was destroyed at the north edge of town. A small area of EF4 damage was noted as the tornado exited at the northeast corner of town. An agricultural company, a construction company, and a car dealership were completely destroyed in this area. The construction company was entirely flattened, with steel beams twisted and thrown into nearby fields. A large metal storage tank that originated in this area was found  away in a corn field. Numerous vehicles were thrown hundreds of yards from the car dealership, many of which were mangled beyond recognition. Farm fields in this area were heavily scoured, and mature corn stalks in one field were snapped at the base and flattened to the ground, with husked ears of corn found scattered about. EF1 damage was observed further to the northeast before the tornado dissipated. In addition to the fatality, 18 others were injured in Northwood. An EF2 tornado touched down near Reynolds, North Dakota, snapping numerous trees near the Red River, and flattening a flag pole and an antique windmill to the ground. The tornado crossed into Minnesota, where a quonset hut and a pole shed were destroyed before the tornado dissipated near Eldred. Later that evening, a large EF3 tornado passed near Rugh Lake, North Dakota, destroying garages and outbuildings on three farms, tossing grain bins, and snapping numerous trees. Gravel roads were deeply scarred by flying debris, five bison were killed, and two heavy combines were thrown and smashed to pieces by the tornado. Eight other weak tornadoes occurred that evening as well.

Paragraph 12: John J. O'Connor of the New York Times reviewed the film on March 16, 1987, essentially giving an unfavorable rating, stating "The film - directed by Paul Aaron for Tisch/Avnet Productions - shuttles between the American prisoner in North Vietnam and his distraught wife back home, and the effect creates two stories that rarely seem connected. Mr. Woods, a fine actor who has been nominated for an Academy Award for Salvador and will undoubtedly get an Emmy nomination for Promise, is harrowingly persuasive in the prison scenes (one of his interrogators is played by Dr. Haing S. Ngor of The Killing Fields). And Ms. Alexander is quietly effective. But neither actor is served well by the fuzzy script, and when they do get to play a few brief scenes together, Mr. Woods and Ms. Alexander convey the unfortunate impression that they have just met in passing on the set. They do not make a very credible husband and wife. But then this version of In Love and War is not very credible on several levels."Also on March 16, 1987, Jeff Jarvis of People magazine wrote a review of the film under the "Picks and Pans Review" section of the magazine issue, giving the film an A grade, stating "Not since Friendly Fire have I seen a movie that so effectively portrays the tragic pain and folly of Vietnam — and does so without a single battle scene. A spectacular story superbly told."On the day of the film's original American broadcast, Daniel Ruth of the Chicago Sun-Times gave a favorable review, stating "With marvelous performances from Woods, Alexander and Ngor, "In Love and War" may be another unpleasant reminder of one of our darker chapters." In a 1991 Chicago Sun-Times review by Mary Houlihan-Skilton, the author gave a positive review, stating "In Love and War James Woods delivers a riveting performance as Cmdr. Jim Stockdale, who holds the dubious honor of being the longest-held American POW during the Vietnam War. With Jane Alexander and Haing S. Ngor, this is a disturbing, intense drama."In the 1995 book Vietnam at 24 Frames a Second by Jeremy M. Devine, the author spoke of the film, stating "The made-for-television features had also become sources of tape cassettes. Broadcast for the previous calendar year, In Love and War was such a release. Despite a stellar cast including James Woods, Jane Alexander, and Haing S. Ngor, this Paul Aaron-directed feature was rather flat."In the 2009 book Encyclopedia of Television Film Directors Volume 1 by Jerry Roberts, the section of director Paul Aaron stated "The director added adroitly to the Vietnam War cannon with In Love and War, which dramatized - via James Woods' exceptional portrayal - U.S. pilot Jim Stockdale's imprisonment for eight years in the prisoner-of-war camp known as the Hanoi Hilton."''

Paragraph 13: Born in Cape Town, Moholo formed The Blue Notes with Chris McGregor, Johnny Dyani, Nikele Moyake, Mongezi Feza and Dudu Pukwana,<ref>John Corbett, "South African drummer Louis Moholo-Moholo fans the spark of resistance into the flame of liberated jazz", Chicago Reader, 29 August 2017.</ref> and emigrated to Europe with them in 1964, eventually settling in London, where he formed part of a South African exile community that made an important contribution to British jazz. In 1966, he toured Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he performed at the Theatron with Steve Lacy, Johnny Dyani and Enrico Rava and recorded the album The Forest and the Zoo with the same musicians. He was a member of the Brotherhood of Breath, a big band comprising several South African exiles and leading musicians of the British free jazz scene in the 1970s and is the founder of Viva la Black and The Dedication Orchestra. His first album under his own name, Spirits Rejoice on Ogun Records, is considered a classic example of the combination of British and South African players. In the early 1970s, Moholo was also a member of the afro-rock band Assagai.

Paragraph 14: The first mainstream appearance may have been in the Speller for WordPerfect 5.2 for Windows, released 30 November 1992. As programmer Robert John Stevens, now CEO of WriteExpress, watched users at the WordPerfect Usability Lab in Orem, Utah use the 5.1 Speller that he and Steven M. Cannon ported to Windows, he noticed that when a word was not found in the dictionary and no alternative words were presented, users seemed lost, moved the mouse cursor around the page and even exited the Speller. Dumbstruck by the anomaly, he went home, sat on the couch and discussed his observations with his wife. Stevens coded the solution: as a user typed in the edit box, Speller would suggest words beginning with the letters entered.

Paragraph 15: An early form of the knickerbocker glory is believed to have originated in New York in the early 1900s. The name knickerbocker (as it pertains to the dish) is thought to be named after The Knickerbocker Hotel in Manhattan, New York. During the early 1900s the hotel was pink-and-cream colored and well known to the denizens of New York. After it closed in 1920, a tall pink-and-cream colored dish was created in honor of the hotel and the word glory was appended to the name of the dish. At some point in the 1920s the dish was introduced into the United Kingdom, where it attained great acclaim.

Paragraph 16: Ryan Bakerink was the album's photographer shooting both the rejected and final cover. The band stripped Wentz's bedroom, the largest, and filled it with items from each member's room to create the set. "In hindsight, I kind of feel like the rest of the band just let Pete do all of the heavy lifting. It was exhausting. We were carrying beds and dressers and all these things into the other room, and we were just soaked in sweat," Bakerink recalled. He had had a lengthy conversation with Stump about Stump's love for Elvis Costello, and found an Armed Forces LP of Stump's sitting out, strategically placing it in the image to play it off as Stump's. As the band was "rooted in nostalgia from early on," the photograph was filled with 1980s toys and cereals. The photo went through several versions, with one idea involving the bed sheet pulled back, as if somebody had got out of bed and left a letter to someone. As the album title had yet to be finalized, they did two shots of a sealed envelope, one with the alternate title To My Favorite Liar and one with Take This to Your Grave. Eventually, Wentz suggested they use his then girlfriend, lying on her back in bed, exhausted. Bakerink showed the Polaroid to Wentz, who immediately loved the shot. The photo session ran later and later, and by 2:00 am they began shooting individual member shots and what became the album cover. When it was sent to Fueled by Ramen for approval, the label responded that they "couldn't clear any of this stuff," such as posters of Cher, Morrisey and Edward Scissorhands, and images of Count Chocula and Darth Vader. When Trohman showed the new album cover to Bakerink at the album release party at the Metro, he was surprised: "It was interesting how they ended up using the last image we took that night, and I didn't even know if it was supposed to be used at all. I wound up really liking it." The original cover was eventually used for the first pressing of the album's vinyl edition.

Paragraph 17: Borovo Municipality has been inhabited since the Stone Age. In the younger Iron Age this region was settled by the Celts. During Roman times area was a part of Danubian Limes. Several villages and the only crossing over the Danube in the entire empire existed in this area. The village of Borovo itself was mentioned for the first time in the year 1231 when it was a property of the town of Vukovar in the Kingdom of Hungary. At that time village was centered more to the north from its present-day location. Around 1540 Borovo was populated by Serbs who originated from the upper Drina and Polimlje. This migration caused linguistic change in the region since the local Ikavian pronunciation of the vowel Yat in Shtokavian dialect was changed with the Ekavian pronunciation. The Church of St Stephen the Archdeacon was built in the period between 1761 and 1764. At that time Borovo gained municipality status for the first time in its history. Municipality was administrated by local knez. In 1736 there was 49 houses in the entire village. Until 1811 this number increased to 231 of them. At that time Borovo had a population of 1754 inhabitants. In 1880 Borovo became the gain the municipality status for the second time and this municipality created a coat of arms in 1884 used by the modern day municipality as well.

Paragraph 18: The Gelasian Decree () is a Latin text traditionally thought to be a Decretal of the prolific Pope Gelasius I, bishop of Rome from 492–496. The work reached its final form in a five-chapter text written by an anonymous scholar between 519 and 553, the second chapter of which is a list of books of Scripture presented as having been made part of the biblical canon by a Council of Rome under Pope Damasus I, the bishop of Rome from 366–383. This list is known as the Damasine List. The fifth chapter of the work includes a list of distrusted and rejected works not encouraged for church use.

Paragraph 19: The next day, Mac and Bloo stop in at the sprawling mansion and are met by Mr. Herriman, the strict business manager. After Bloo explains the situation in comically exaggerated detail, they are given a tour of the house. Frankie, the caregiver, is about to show Mac and Bloo around; however, she is soon called away by the ill-tempered, high-maintenance resident Duchess. Basketball-loving Wilt takes over the tour and introduces Mac and Bloo to the wide variety of imaginary friends that live in the house. Along the way, they meet Coco, who lays plastic eggs when she gets excited and only says "Coco" when she speaks, and the fearsome-looking but soft-hearted Eduardo. Mac and Bloo both think Foster's will be a good place for Bloo to live. However, Frankie tells them that if he stays there, he will be eligible for adoption whenever Mac is not around. Mac promises to stop by after school and departs, taking Coco's eggs with him, leaving Bloo alone with his new housemates who show him their bedroom where he will be sleeping at. Seeing Bloo about to sleep on the floor, Wilt lets him take his bunk in exchange for sleeping on the floor, and they all fall asleep for the night.

Paragraph 20: Expectations with friends formulate over time and are usually brought together by a series of observations of behavior and predictions on how that friend will act in the future. When these expectations are violated, it often can be damaging and dangerous for a close friendship. It can cause an end to the friendship and bring a strong negative experience in that person's life. After time and experiences with that friend we might suspect them to act consistently around me in the way they have always acted, that is until a violation to this expectation takes place. For example, when they begin “breaking promises or even acting in an inauthentic manner to impress others, can have aversive consequences for close relationships” (Cohen 2010). The fact is, we expect our friends to act in a social manner where they are adhere to all of our personal rules we set in our minds. That includes being nice, kind, considerate, and refraining from any comment that puts another down. This is a part of the personal rules we set within ourselves with a personal friendship, that is until we are in a different setting with that individual and they are around different people and the rules are broken. While this might be an offense in one's eyes, it may not be offensive in the others. Each negative experience can deteriorate the relationship and allow more experiences where expectations are continually violated until the relationship is dissolved. Cohen said “the more that a friendship is voluntary, easily replaceable, and disconnected from external pressures to continue, the more vulnerable it is to expectancy violation damage” (Cohen, 2010). Someone will always look for the better option if a negative experience has taken place. The more invested someone is in a friendship, the stronger the effect will have on the individual when expectations are violated. There is also an interesting perspective of expectation violation when gender is considered. Friendships with members of the same sex usually have a completely different feel to the relationship than friendships with members of the opposite sex. Women are generally less tolerant with members of the opposite sex when violations have taken place. Relationships over time, whether it be with the same sex or not, tend to fail when the other will fall away from the behaviors and norms that the other is used to. This can be shown with hostile attitudes, sharp comments, distancing away from the other, etc. Both parties are also capable of violating each other's expectations at the same time. It is not just one person in the relationship that perceives behavior as unusual. One can respond to a violation with another social violation, leaving the friendship in confusion of the direction it is going.

Paragraph 21: Two days after losing to Port Vale, Pagnam helped the side return to winning ways by scoring the only goal in a victory over Leeds United on 28 March, although the match was marred by Barnett suffering a broken leg that ended his season. In order to make up their games in hand, Cardiff played the return fixture against Leeds the following day. Pagnam again scored, this time alongside Keenor in a 2–1 win. These victories were the start of an improved run of form highlighted by Cardiff winning six of their following seven matches: having defeated Leeds, Cardiff drew 0–0 with Port Vale, and then won four consecutive matches, defeating Nottingham Forest 3–0 and recording 1–0 wins over South Shields (twice) and Rotherham. Their form brought them back into contention for the league title and, despite picking up only one point from two matches against Hull City at the end of April, Cardiff went into the final two league fixtures tied on points with league leaders Birmingham who led on goal average as determined by the number of goals scored being divided by the number of goals conceded. Bristol City were four points behind the pair, meaning each of them needed a point from their remaining two fixtures to guarantee promotion to the First Division. Cardiff's final two matches of the season were against Wolverhampton Wanderers, the side that had eliminated them from the semi-finals of the FA Cup two months earlier. In the first fixture, held at Ninian Park, 40,000 spectators witnessed Cardiff seal promotion with a 2–0 win, with Gill and Pagnam the scorers. Cardiff's promotion had already been guaranteed by a draw between The Wednesday and Bristol City earlier in the day and the club's directors let in much of the capacity crowd for free in celebration. Gill and Pagnam were on the scoresheet again, along with Nash, to record a 3–1 win in the reverse match on 7 May. Despite winning both fixtures, Cardiff ultimately finished second to Birmingham on goal average by 0.235. Their rivals' superior scoring record in home fixtures ultimately proved decisive with the champions scoring over 20 goals more than Cardiff in those matches. Keenor later described the confusion at the end of the final match as the team waited for news on which side had won the league, commenting "we waited anxiously in the dressing room for the result of the Birmingham match. It seemed hours before the result came through ... this went on for 15 minutes, when a reporter walked in with the information that Birmingham were champions."

Paragraph 22: In modern racing leagues, if a track does not have adequate safety preparations including proper run-off areas, racers will often threaten to boycott any events that visit that particular track.  In actuality, the racing leagues in question have safety standards to which they hold tracks when selecting them; therefore, if the athletes have an issue with a track it is usually because there is some problem that is either beyond the scope of the rules, or that they interpret them differently from the league. In order to prevent such a strike and to make themselves as attractive as possible to various racing sanctioning bodies in the hopes of attracting lucrative professional racing events to their facilities, park managements will often pay substantial attention to such facilities' features as safety devices, including run-off areas, and make substantial financial investments to add or improve such devices as deemed necessary.  They will even go so far as to advertise safety as having been a central design tenet during the track's general construction or renovation.  By making the facility as attractive as possible to racers, the hope is that the racers will put pressure on the leagues in which they participate to race at that venue.  The other theory is that by making the venue as up-to-date, luxurious, safe, and feature-rich as possible, that various racing leagues will want to hold events there and thus, not only will the park make revenues from gate fees, but they will also make more money from sponsorship deals for selling advertising space on track property (such as walls around the course, bridges, infield grass painting, etc.).  Such advertising will be seen by many potential consumers, since the more popular racing leagues have more television viewers, so the rates that the facility can charge to advertisers will be higher than if the track received less television air-time, or air-time with lower ratings.  Therefore, making safety improvements makes financial sense to a track's management, since it leads to greater demand from event promoters and even larger and more popular events, which in turn increase a track's gate revenues, advertising revenues, and revenues from club racers and other users of the track while major events are not being held since the popularity of a track corresponds to its usage by non-professionals engaging in hobby pursuits.  If top racers do not feel that a track is safe they may put pressure on their racing league to not schedule events at that particular venue.  Or, if a league has documented safety standards for the tracks on their circuit, they may choose not to schedule events at a deficient facility until it has made the requisite changes.

Paragraph 23: After leaving Kroll's home, Rizzoli hears a call for assistance over the scanner involving a police standoff. Realizing that Charlene lives there, she immediately rushes to the location. At the location a man who is hopped up on drugs emerges from Charlene's house and shoots Rizzoli's fellow officer, Shigeda (Steve Akahoshi) in the arm, wounding him. The assembled officers all open fire on the man, but due to the drugs in his system, he doesn't go down right away. After the man finally falls to the ground and dies, Rizzoli runs into Charlene's house, where she attempts to resuscitate her with no success. Rizzoli is told by a boy at the location that both Charlene and the man who was shot, "Big Bubba" were both taken out by the new drugs and that they got it from Charlene's new pimp, "Jimmy". Rizzoli and her partner Detective Jimenez (Rubén Blades) find him in a restaurant, where Rizzoli places him under arrest; when he tries to escape, she shoots him in the buttocks. After hanging him up in the freezer and threatening more bodily harm, Rizzoli gets him to reveal that he purchased the drugs from a buy house from a man named Rafael. Rizzoli heads to the buy house the pimp told her about and is greeted by a man named Epifanio, who tells her he will get her what she wants. She is able to get Epifanio to take her to Rafael, but a hood from the night she staged the bust with Delgadillo recognizes her as a cop and immediately alerts Nova and Skinner. Rizzoli is able to get locked in a room with Rafael, where she gets Rafael to admit he is fronting for Nova and Skinner right as two of his crew members shoot their way inside. Rizzoli dives for safety, but Rafael is killed in the crossfire. Rizzoli shoots down one of the thugs, but the other gets the drop on her, but she is saved by the timely arrival of Mike Marshak, Kroll's bodyguard (Sam Elliott) who shows up at the buy house to help Rizzoli, and admits that he has been following her around since the night before by using a transmitter concealed under her bumper. After taking out the rest of Rafael's gang, Rizzoli and Marshak come close to apprehending Nova and Skinner when a section of the a roof collapses on Rizzoli; Marshak immediately runs to her aid, letting Nova and Skinner escape.

Paragraph 24: The section opens with Ursa speaking to Sal and calling on memories about how she is often mistaken to be Spanish. In the apartment, Tadpole tells Ursa that Cat is planning on moving to Versailles. Ursa's sex with Tadpole is uncomfortable for her and more for his pleasure. When Ursa wakes up from a night of irregular sleep, Tadpole describes how his Papa was a slave that became a blacksmith, but his Mama was denied the land he had bought when she went to claim it. Then, Ursa remembers how her Great Gram remained with Corregidora after slavery was abolished, but in 1906, Great Gram and Gram moved to Louisiana and began working. Tadpole urges Ursa to be more relaxed during sex, but Ursa is still uneasy. Ursa is reminded of her arguments with Mutt over the men who watched her sing at Happy's. Ursa gets an offer to sing Saturdays at the Spider and takes the job. One night, Tadpole doesn't come to pick up Ursa, and she finds him in bed with Vivian, a young new singer. Tadpole says that Vive can do more him than Ursa can, and Ursa leaves to check into the Drake hotel. A few days later, Tadpole shows up to apologize, but Ursa does not feel sympathetic to his pleading. Ursa begins singing full-time at the Spider, and Max praises her singing and how she has helped his business. Max makes a sexual advance on Ursa, but Ursa denies him and makes him promise not to come onto her ever again if she is to continue working. The text begins to flash forward to conversations between Mutt and Ursa about rekindling their romance and the blues. Ursa describes to Mutt how her life is tied into the lives of her ancestors and how the memories of their trauma still affect her. Ursa returns to her small hometown, Bracktown, to see her Mama who is making preserves for her neighbor. Ursa seeks for more history than Corregidora, asking her mother about who her father was. Ursa learns that her father, Martin, worked at a restaurant across the street from the depot, where Mama used to have lunch. Mama was very shy and would not respond to Martin when he asked her about herself. One day, Mama had dinner at the restaurant too, and Martin offered to ride the bus with her. They stopped by his house to get his jacket, and Mama went upstairs with him. After Ursa was conceived, Mama was surprised by her own actions and stopped speaking to Martin. When Martin sent Mama money awhile later, Mama returned the money to him. At his house in Cincinnati, Martin beat Mama, claiming that she used him to get pregnant. In the present, Ursa and Mama begin walking back to the bus station. Mama then describes the brief time that she was married to Martin before he left. Great Gram had begged him to marry Mama, and they lived in the house of the Corregidora women together. While Mama did not talk to Martin about Corregidora much, he could hear Great Gram and Gram remembering their trauma. Mama was not having sex with Martin, and after a fishing trip, Gram caught Martin watching her powder her breasts. Gram and Martin cursed at one another, and Martin started walking outside the house to get to the front room. After their conversation, Ursa gets on the bus and heads back into the city.

Paragraph 25: "Fantasy" was a massive global success upon its release. The song became Carey's ninth number one single on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. It became the first single by a female artist to open atop the chart, and only the second single to do so after "You Are Not Alone" by Michael Jackson. It debuted at number one due to strong airplay and sales of 229,000 copies, the highest since Whitney Houston's "I Will Always Love You in January 1993. It spent eight weeks at the top of the chart, from the charts dated September 30 to November 18, 1995, Carey's longest stay at the time alongside "Dreamlover" (1993). It replaced "Gangsta's Paradise" by Coolio, and was replaced by Whitney Houston's "Exhale (Shoop Shoop)", which also debuted atop the Hot 100. "Fantasy" spent 23 weeks in the top 40 and was successful on other Billboard formats, including the R&B and dance charts. The song debuted at number 11 on the Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop  chart, setting a record at the time for the charts highest debut which would eventually be surpassed by Drake's "Nice for What" in 2018. Its strong sales led it to be certified quintuple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), Carey's first single to do so. "Fantasy" was the second best-selling single of 1995 in the US, with sales of 1,500,000. It was ranked seventh on the Hot 100 year-end charts for 1995 and 49th on the 1996 year-end charts. "Fantasy" ranked at number 15 on the Hot 100 decade-end chart for the 1990s.

Paragraph 26: "Hot House" is a bebop standard, composed by American jazz musician Tadd Dameron in 1945. Its harmonic structure is identical to Cole Porter's "What Is This Thing Called Love?" (see contrafact). The tune was made famous by Dizzy Gillespie and Charlie Parker as a quintet arrangement and become synonymous with those musicians; "Hot House" became an anthem of the Be-bop movement in American jazz. The most famous and referred to recording of the tune is by Parker and Gillespie on the May 1953 live concert recording entitled Jazz at Massey Hall, after previously recording it for Savoy records in 1945 and at Carnegie Hall in 1947. The tune continues to be a favorite among jazz musicians and enthusiasts:

Paragraph 27: In March 2012, Shout! Factory obtained the rights to distribute the first 17 seasons of the Power Rangers series on DVD, beginning with Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. In July 2012, they first released the complete set at Comic-Con International in a 19 disc set of all three seasons of Mighty Mighty Morphin Power Rangers that included the 10 episode mini-series, Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers. In August of that same year, they released the first season of the series to Time Life bundled with a Red Ranger action figure, as well as the 19 disc complete set (minus the Comic-Con exclusive paper wrapper) bundled together with the 21 disc Power Rangers Seasons 4-7 set and Red Ranger action figure. In November 2012 they released the 19 disc complete set for a third time to wider retail along with eventual individual releases of both Season 1 and Season 2 (each season being split into two volumes). In July 2013, they released the entire third season on DVD without the Alien Rangers mini-series (which got its own separate release in September 2013). After working out a deal with Lionsgate for access to season 18 through 20, a limited edition 98 disc set entitled Power Rangers: Legacy, which consist of the complete first 20 seasons of the Power Rangers franchise including the three seasons from Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, was scheduled for a December 3, 2013 release, but due to manufacturing errors on the packaging the set was postponed and was instead released on January 2, 2014. In March 2015 they released a complete first season set exclusively to Wal-Mart that features an alternate cover from the Time Life complete first season set. The complete second season set was also released exclusively to Wal-Mart on the same day. In October 2016 they released a new version of the complete set featuring alternate cover art from the 2012 releases. In March 2017 they released a season one and two bundled set exclusively to Best Buy. In August 2018 a new version of the complete set released featuring a "25th Anniversary" Steelbook and included Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie on Blu-ray (the rest of the set is still DVD). In April 2019 a new version of the complete first season set is scheduled to release featuring a limited Steelbook. In June 2019 a new version of the complete second season set is scheduled to release featuring a limited Steelbook. In August 2019 a new version of the complete third season set is scheduled to release featuring a limited Steelbook and including the 10 episode mini-series, Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers.

Paragraph 28: The regiment saw service in the Gwalior War of 1843, fighting at the Battle of Mahrajapore (29 December) that saw a British victory against the Mahrattas. The regiment saw extensive service in the First Sikh War in 1845.  This war saw the most battle honours awarded to the regiment in a single campaign. It was involved in the first engagement of that conflict, at Mudki (Moodkee), where the regiment's commanding officer, Lieutenant Charles Digby Dawkins, was killed. The regiment took part in the subsequent battles of the war; at Ferozeshah, Aliwal, and the last battle of the war, Sobraon. It was also active during the Indian Mutiny of 1857.

Paragraph 29: Macrae enjoyed another consistent season in 2016, averaging 27.6 disposals throughout his 22 games in the Bulldogs' fairytale season, where they broke a 62-year premiership drought from 7th place on the ladder. He never had under 20 disposals in a game that season, highlighting his consistency. He started out the season with a bang, collecting 30 disposals and kicking a goal in the ' 65-point annihilation of  in the opening round, getting named as one of the team's best players that match. He also contributed with 5 marks, 4 tackles and 3 inside 50s. He had two of his best games for the season in the 6th and 11th 2016 rounds respectively, getting 33 disposals in each game. He earned 1 Brownlow vote for his performance in Round 11, his only vote that season. He was named as one of the Bulldogs' best players in the team's round ten 21-point victory over , collecting 32 disposals, 6 marks, and a season high 10 tackles. In Round 12 he had a hamstring scare, but despite this managed to play the next week. Macrae tore a hamstring tendon in the ' 25-point loss against  in Round 19, a devastating blow for Macrae and the team, who were close to finals. In a battle against time to be fit for the finals, both he and teammate Tom Liberatore underwent an intensive rehabilitation program. Both players benefited from the newly introduced AFL pre-finals bye which gave them extra time to be deemed fit enough for selection in the Elimination Final against . Macrae and Liberatore were just two of five changes Beveridge made to the team and the risk paid off, with the Bulldogs upsetting the highly fancied Eagles by 47 points. Macrae would go on to become one of the Bulldogs' key players in their amazing finals campaign, averaging 30 disposals a game throughout the finals series. Macrae had his best game for the season in the ' 23-point victory against  in the semi-final, as he racked up 39 possessions and was influential in the Bulldogs' second-half demolition of a team they had previously never beaten in finals, and had not beaten since the 2010 season. He was named as one of the best on ground, behind Bulldogs star Marcus Bontempelli. In the thrilling preliminary final against , Macrae held his nerve to kick the winning set shot goal deep into the final quarter to get the Bulldogs into their first grand final since 1961. In the Grand Final, he was again among the Bulldogs' best with 33 disposals.

Paragraph 30: Recovery of the wreckage of the aircraft began as soon as weather conditions permitted, with 25 percent of the plane recovered by February 5, and 50 percent by the following day. The day after the crash, salvage cranes attempted to raise the fuselage of the aircraft to the surface of the water, but they were only briefly successful before it broke apart and most of it fell back into the water. The tail section was raised by crews on the evening of February 5, and newspaper articles reported that the damage to that section suggested that the aircraft may have crashed in a "nose up" position, as though the pilot had noticed at the last minute that he was well short of the runway. Divers were brought in to locate missing sections of the aircraft beneath the surface of the water, but recovery efforts were hindered by high winds, strong river currents, and murky waters. Some pieces of the plane had been swept away by currents and had been found as far away as Northport, Long Island, more than  away. Each piece was identified, tagged, and cleaned off, and relocated to Hangar 9 of the Marine Air Terminal of LaGuardia Airport. The nose section and cockpit were recovered late on February 7. The cockpit was salvaged in good condition, with the spring-wound clock on the instrument panel still working when the section was recovered from the river. Investigators predicted that it would take at least two weeks to check all of the instruments to determine if they were functioning correctly at the time of the accident. Early reports from the investigation revealed that the condition of the flight control surfaces revealed that at the time of impact, the aircraft had not been in a violent turn or dive when it hit the water.