Paragraph 1: Mariano Paredes y Arrillaga was born in Mexico in the year 1797 and began his military career as a cadet on January 6, 1812, during the Mexican War of Independence, initially fighting on the side of the Spanish loyalists. He was promoted to second lieutenant standard bearer in 1816 and in 1818 joined a company of grenadiers. He saw action twenty times when in March, 1821 his regiment switched sides and joined Agustín de Iturbide's Plan of Iguala. He joined in the battles that occurred prior to the Trigarantine Army's entrance into Mexico City. At Acámbaro Iturbide promoted him to captain of chasseurs. In the action at Arroyo Hondo, he formed part of the reconnoitering party made up thirty men and a few horses under the command of Epitacio Sanchez and they were able to hold off a superior Spanish force until Iturbide arrived with reinforcements and the Spaniards were repulsed. For his services at this battle Iturbide granted Paredes a coat of arms. He was present at San Luis de la Paz where seven hundred prisoners of war were taken and he took part in the siege and capture of Querétaro and Mexico City for which he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel.

Paragraph 2: Wilson’s publication Seeing The Light: The Photographers' Guide to Enterprise appeared in 1993, funded with £3,500 from the Arts Council. The Royal Photographic Society's The Photographic Journal, welcomed it;Sometimes establishments teaching photography are accused of sending their charges out into a harsh working world without much idea of the practical realities. If this book, published by a University prominent in the visual arts field, is made required reading on all photography courses a gap will have been bridged. Most of the information in it is aimed at those who will choose to earn in the independent sector, and most of it is very down to earth. There are straight factual chapters on business matters: on raising money, using it profitably, setting up shop. There is a chapter giving very direct advice on how to charge for a job, one on finding sources for financing projects...Wilson's book's success led to her founding her eponymous training and development agency at 212 The Custard Factory, Gibb Street, Digbeth in 1991 when many of the more academic courses had still to address vocational outcomes. STL, which described itself as a ""training" organisation, using unconventional and adventurous  strategies," ran for three years supported by her teaching before it finally attracted Arts Council money in 1995. In her own words in 1996, Wilson encapsulated its aims: Seeing the Light is dedicated to the belief that talented photographers need supporting skills to support their practices and embrace their dreams. Weekend events, short courses and publications, bring together those imagemakers who wish to have a future in the sector with those who are at the leading edge [...] Seeing the Light came across issues which face any imagemaker. How to be viable, creative and imaginative in a time of change. How to ensure that there would be a future, not only for myself, but for those people upon whom the organisation depended. How to support financially a growing team, on fixed or flexible contracts, bringing in those crucial skills when necessary. How to connect internationally with those people around the physical world to increase opportunities.STL's first major event was  'Survival Strategies' in Birmingham, a weekend of workshops, lectures and seminars with portfolio sessions by experts. It administered several major national conferences and events in which creative practitioners from a broad background of education and previous experience were able to participate, and won the tender to organise "Agents of Change", the Fifth National Photography Conference, held in Derby  22–21 September 1995, devoted to the digital and online image. Presenters included Sean Cubitt, Lola Young, Paul Brookes and Sylvia King, and a 'Cybercaff' with internet link ups, virtual galleries and online demonstrations was incorporated. Wilson emphasised it was "designed to motivate, not alienate, those image makers who already feel excluded from the electronic world."

Paragraph 3: This was not its only unique method of holding races. Another was the "scramble system". The NPSA like the NBL and the now defunct National Bicycle Association (NBA) they used the moto system a.k.a. the Olympic system to determine which riders graduate from the qualifying heats called Motos. In these motos points are awarded to the racers proportional to the position in which they finish. Each moto is run three times, that is the group of racers must race three times with the points awarded during each race to each individual racer being added. For instance say a 10 Expert racer had a class of 8 racers and he came in first in all three runs of his class. He would have a total of three points, 1+1+1 making him a certainty to qualify for the main (or if a large race the semi finals) save for a disqualification for a rule infraction. on the other hand if a racer came in last three times in that class of eight racers then he would have a total of 24 points 8+8+8 making it almost impossible for him to make the main save for someone(s) else being disqualified. The racers with the four lowest points would qualify for the main. However, unlike the conventional Olympic system, in the NPSA added a unique "Scramble system" that would shuffle the racers randomly or scrambled. The racers after each moto, if there were more than eight racers in a class (eight being the maximum number of racers the starting gate can hold at any one time) would be split into two heats, say in a class of 11 15 novices the first group would be six racers the second group would be the remaining 5 racers. Again, nothing unusual. What was unique to the NPSA was after each round, instead of the racers racing the same people they raced against the first time around as was standard practice in BMX, they would very likely race some racers that were in their class but not in the original first moto but the second. The race would be run in the second go round the points added to the previous total as before. Then the riders would be scrambled again and the race would be run for the last qualifying heat. The NPSA's position was that this was fairer since all of the racers had a chance to compete against the eventual winner with the winner not racing either the same easy competition he can beat with little effort with the racers that he have trouble with in other motos. Conversely he also will not constantly going against people he finds hard to beat while others having easy opponents. Of course either scenario could happen with the luck of the draw.

Paragraph 4: In early February 2004, Chanté's third single, "Bad Boy", was released. It was also successful, breaking the Top 10 on radio and sitting at No. 3 on MuchMusic for 4 weeks before later earning the No. 1 position on the chart. The video was directed by Director X. Later, in June 2004, Chanté's fourth single "Does He Love Me?" ft. Foxy Brown reached top 5 at radio. The video was also directed by Director X and became No. 1 on MuchMusic for 3 weeks. The video also garnered her an Urban Music Video Award for "Video of the Year". On June 22, 2004, Chanté released her self-titled debut album. On December 3, 2004 it was certified gold. In October 2004, at the Canadian Urban Music Awards Chanté swept all three of her nominations, winning awards for "Best New Artist", "Video of the Year" (for Bad Boy), "Fans' Choice Award" and by surprise taking home the "Rising Star of the Year" award. This brought the attention of the President of BET, Stephen Hill, who became Chanté's mentor and putting the video for "Bad Boy" into heavy rotation.  In that same month, she sang the national anthem at the Canadian Football League's Grey Cup championship game. She was also selected to represent Canada at Expo 2005 held in Japan.

Paragraph 5: Such harsh criticism of the Abwehr aside, the organization achieved some notable successes earlier in its existence. Members of the Abwehr played an important role (along with the SD) in helping to lay the groundwork for the 1938  Anschluß with Austria with Germany, and during the  German occupation of Czechoslovakia an Abwehr group aided in the seizure of a strategically important railway tunnel in Polish Silesia in the final week of August 1939. Historian Walter Goerlitz claimed in his 1952 work, History of the German General Staff, 1657–1945, that Canaris and the Abwehr formed the "real centre of military opposition to the regime", a view which many others do not share. Former OSS Berlin station-chief and later director of the Central Intelligence Agency, Allen Dulles, evaluated German intelligence officers from the Abwehr at the end of the war and concluded that only the upper echelons were active dissenters and part of the opposition movement. According to Dulles, the Abwehr participated in a lot more than just machinations against Hitler's régime and asserted that approximately 95 per cent of the Abwehr actively worked "against the Allies" whereas only about 5 per cent of them were anti-Nazi in disposition.  Military historian John Wheeler-Bennett wrote that the Abwehr "failed conspicuously as a secret intelligence service", that it was "patently and incontestably inefficient" and adds that members of the Abwehr "displayed no great efficiency either as intelligence officers or as conspirators...". Whatever successes the Abwehr enjoyed before the start of the Second World War, there were virtually none once the war began and worse, the British successfully ran 19 double agents through the Abwehr which fed them false information, duping the German intelligence service to the very end.  Soviet infiltration into the Abwehr and NKVD successes against Abwehr agents also reflect poorly on German military intelligence efforts. Historian Albert Seaton makes an important observation regarding the German Army's failures as a result of poor intelligence by asserting that all too often, decisions were made as a result of the opinion of Hitler and that he imposed his views on the military chain of command and therewith, the choice of actions taken during the war. Max Hastings makes similar claims about the general nature of totalitarian systems: in Nazi Germany, intelligence assessments required adjustment to fit within the constraints of what Hitler would accept. Nonetheless, the general historical reputation of the Abwehr remains unfavourable in the view of most scholars.

Paragraph 6: In "Gender Is Not Enough: The Need for Feminist Consciousness" (2004), Enloe reviews previous conversations with colleagues and fellow feminists, regarding masculinity and international relations. It is mentioned that women are generally disengaged in the UN's wartime peace process of "DDR": disarmament, demobilization and reintegration. Enloe comments on a recent meeting she attended pertaining to 'gender and small arms trade', and how attempts to focus the UN gathering on masculinity had been largely unsuccessful. The matter of international relations and masculinity is addressed, and with that, the concern of masculinity of peacemaking efforts in relation to security. Conversation about the politics of masculinity is quickly dismissed by delegates, suggesting the fear of having their masculinity – and therefore reputation in the world of international relations – examined. As important as it is to address the dynamics of masculinity in politics and specifically in international relations, it is also crucial not to neglect the women and girls. When masculinity is given proper thought, it seems the topic of feminism becomes non-existent. The invisibility of women in military measures and the political disregard for the needs and ideas of women and girls are highlighted and given proper context. Enloe discusses the question of serious feminist analysis in international relations. Two potential fears arise from this question; first, thought of one's own relationship to masculinity is necessary when deciding what is deemed a "serious" issue; and second, the potential to be seen as feminine based on one's judgment of said "serious" issue and therefore the possibility of being valued as less credible. Enloe warns the issues of letting masculinity and men override all aspects of international relations. She speaks of her own difficulties with writing candidly about women and the military and her fears of not being recognized as a legitimate political scientist because of her particular views. The stigma behind feminist thought in international relations needs to be reviewed and resolved. Enloe makes very clear that there is still an immense need for the study of masculinity in international relations and political economy. In order to better develop the international relations discipline, it is imperative that 'gender' be given a broader scope. In order to do so, there must be a feminist consciousness throughout the international relations community, as well as at the local level. A feminist consciousness will instill the education and interest in women and girls through their experiences, actions and ideas. Enloe finishes by reminding that without a proper feminist consciousness; we cannot fully comprehend or accurately analyze masculinity.

Paragraph 7: Due to the break-up of Dizzy Mizz Lizzy, Christensen became even more introverted, while his girlfriend could not handle him being in a crisis. Christensen considers the time after his break-up with the band and then Rosendahl to be the deepest low point in his career, which also inevitably led him to step out of Swan Lee in 1999. He had not seen all this coming, as he was living in a dream: "We believed that we were still down to earth, but that was very unrealistic. Only afterwards did we learn we were skating around on a silver platter. Since day one, we had solely tasted success, and it is very unhealthy for such a young band to have so much going for them from the start." Nevertheless, he was deeply grateful about the way his career had evolved, but describes it as "a typical example of how you don't know what you've got till it's gone." Christensen became involved in various projects. He was a stand-in guitarist for the Danish Led Zeppelin cover band Led Zeppelin Jam and co-wrote the Inside the Whale 1998 hit "Hvor Er Tiden Der Ta'r Os" ("Where Is The Time That Takes Us"). This was the start of the ongoing collaboration of Christensen with Inside the Whale singer and guitarist Marcus Winther-John, who contribute to each other's music to date. Christensen furthermore played Mellotron and Wurlitzer electric piano on Kashmir's 1999 album The Good Life, and Mellotron on Mew's 2000 album Half the World Is Watching Me. He performed three songs on Mellotron with Kashmir at the 1998 Roskilde Festival, and would continue to perform there as a solo act in 1999, 2001, 2004 (on his 30th birthday), 2009, and 2016 (on his 42nd birthday). In 2010, he played there again with Dizzy Mizz Lizzy (on his 36th birthday), as he previously had done from 1993 through to 1996. The 1994 performance at Roskilde, which was held shortly after their big breakthrough and on his 20th birthday, is named by Christensen as a special highlight in his career.

Paragraph 8: Modern Sadras was established as part of Dutch Coromandel in the seventeenth century, which was even before center for weaving superfine muslin cloth for export besides Pearl and edible oil. The magnificent Sadras Fort, built for commercial purposes by the Dutch, is a vast compound enclosing a huge granary, stables, and structures used to mount elephants. Unfortunately, only one of these structures survives. The fortress was raided by the British in 1818 and came under the control of the British East India Company. It is now maintained by the Archaeological Survey of India in efforts to contain further dilapidation. In 2003, a major restoration of the damaged fort was carried out leading to many archaeological findings. The first battle between British East India Company and the Dutch started here as Battle of Sadras. The fort includes a cemetery with many beautifully decorated graves that date to between 1620 and 1769.

Paragraph 9: In mathematics, orientability is a broader notion that, in two dimensions, allows one to say when a cycle goes around clockwise or counterclockwise, and in three dimensions when a figure is left-handed or right-handed.  In linear algebra over the real numbers, the notion of orientation makes sense in arbitrary finite dimension, and is a kind of asymmetry that makes a reflection impossible to replicate by means of a simple displacement. Thus, in three dimensions, it is impossible to make the left hand of a human figure into the right hand of the figure by applying a displacement alone, but it is possible to do so by reflecting the figure in a mirror.  As a result, in the three-dimensional Euclidean space, the two possible basis orientations are called right-handed and left-handed (or right-chiral and left-chiral).

Paragraph 10: There are limitations to measuring power with inexpensive wattmeters, or indeed with any meters not designed for low-power measurements. This particularly affects low power (e.g. under 10 watts), as used in standby; readings may be so inaccurate as to be useless (although they do confirm that standby power is low, rather than high). The difficulty is largely due to difficulty in accurate measurement of the alternating current, rather than voltage, and the relatively little need for low-power measurements. The specification for the meter should specify the reading error for different situations. For a typical plug-in meter the error in wattage is stated as ±5% of measured value ±10 W (e.g., a measured value of 100 W may be wrong by 5% of 100 W plus 10 W, i.e., ±15 W, or 85–115 W); and the error in kW·h is stated as ±5% of measured value ±0.1 kW·h. If a laptop computer in sleep mode consumes 5 W, the meter may read anything from 0 to 15.25 W, without taking into account errors due to non-sinusoidal waveform.  In practice accuracy can be improved by connecting a fixed load such as an incandescent light bulb, adding the device in standby, and using the difference in power consumption. This moves the measurement out of the problematic low-power zone.

Paragraph 11: The committee organized its first demonstration on December 20, 1969 in East Los Angeles, with over 1,000 participants.  The groups won the early support of the Denver-based Crusade for Justice, led by Rodolfo Gonzales, also known as Corky Gonzales.  A conference of anti-war and anti-draft Chicano and Latino activists from communities in the Southwest and the city of Chicago was held at the Crusade headquarters in early December 1969. They began developing plans for nationwide mobilizations to be presented to a national Chicano youth conference planned for late March 1970.  On February 28, 1970, a second Chicano Moratorium demonstration was held again in East Los Angeles, with more than 3,000 demonstrators from throughout California participating, despite a driving rain. Las Adelitas de Aztlán, led by Gloria Arellanes, marched in the February march, which NCMC organizer Rosalío Muñoz sees as the first time a Chicana organization participated in its own right in a Chicano demonstration. A Chicano program on the local public television station produced a documentary of that march, used nationally by the committee to popularize its efforts. At the March Chicano Youth Conference, held in Denver, Rosalío Muñoz, the co-chair for the Los Angeles Chicano Moratorium, moved to hold a National Chicano Moratorium against the war on August 29, 1970.  Local moratoriums were planned for cities throughout the Southwest and beyond, to build up for the national event on August 29.

Paragraph 12: Lord also uses his powers to influence Superman's mind, causing him to brutally beat Batman in the belief that he is Brainiac. Lord subsequently sends Superman to attack Wonder Woman after making him believe that she is his old enemy Doomsday who has just killed his wife Lois Lane. Lord justifies the resulting destruction as proof of his argument about the dangers of superhumans, pointing out the devastation that Wonder Woman and Superman could cause if they fought in a crowded area, and arguing that the fact that Superman can be brought under another's control is evidence that superhumans cannot be relied upon. In the midst of her battle with Superman, Diana realizes that even if she defeats him, he would still remain under Lord's absolute mental control. She creates a diversion lasting long enough for her to race back to Lord's location and asks that he release Superman. Lord, bound by her lasso of truth, complies but states that he'll use Superman again to kill people. When she demands to know how to free Superman from Lord's control, Lord replies "Kill me." Wonder Woman then snaps his neck. Brother Eye broadcasts the footage of Wonder Woman killing Lord all over the world, destroying her reputation and her friendship with Batman and Superman, who reject her despite the fact that she saved their lives. As the crisis unfolds, the three eventually reconcile as Diana helps Superman talk down his other self and prevents Batman from shooting Alexander Luthor Jr., accepting that Diana did what she had to do and acknowledging that, for all their differences, they all still want justice.

Paragraph 13: The next day, Harry informs Reenie and Celine that Cleo has been visiting Pete in hospital, and tells them that she possesses a mysterious key of Pete's. They track Cleo down to a lock-up that Pete had bought so he could keep all of the love letters, photographs and memories that he shared with Porsche, Cleo and Jade, however in order to protect Pete, Cleo sets fire to the lock-up, destroying all evidence. After realising that Pete also has feelings for Jade as well as herself, Cleo confesses to the McQueens that she began a sexual relationship with Pete when she was 13 years of age, and makes a statement to the police, and Pete is therefore arrested. Reenie is later shaken when she and Porsche receive letters from Derek's solicitors revealing that he has left them both something in his will. Myra convinces Reenie to dispose of the letters and forget about Derek, however, Porsche finds the letters and is confused as to why Derek has left her something in his will. After being encouraged by Lockie Campbell (Nick Rhys) to see what Derek has left her, Porsche is ecstatic to learn he has left her £10,000. When Porsche tells Reenie of her inheritance, she is clearly upset and Porsche asks her why she hated Derek so much. Reenie then reveals to Porsche that Derek inappropriately touched her and raped her as a teenager, and after Porsche apologises for taking Derek's money, Reenie finally reveals the truth to Porsche that Derek was her father, leaving Porsche devastated. The following day, Porsche confronts Reenie in Price Slice, and vents her anger out on her, realising the reason why Reenie was so cold with her as a child was because of Derek. Upset at her remarks, Reenie angrily slaps Porsche, however, this results in a physical fight in the shop. Tegan Lomax (Jessica Ellis) calls a police officer over to intervene in the catfight, but Reenie accidentally slaps him as he breaks it up. Reenie then flees the shop, and confides in Theresa McQueen (Jorgie Porter) that she is going straight back to prison because of the assault. Desperate for the pair to talk again, Myra locks Porsche and Reenie in her bedroom, where Reenie explains to Porsche that she hated the thought of having Derek's child, however when she kicked for the first time, she fell in love with her and fought to keep her when Nana tried to give her up for adoption. Porsche then forgives Reenie for everything that has happened with Pete and Derek and attempts to persuade Reenie to go with her as she plans to leave the village. However, as she is about to leave with Porsche, Cleo emphasises how much she needs her mother during Pete's trial, so when the police arrive to arrest her, Reenie does not resist as she states that being a jailbird mother is better than not being a mother at all.

Paragraph 14: Middleton's first solo exhibition was given by the Belfast Municipal Gallery and Museum in 1943. It was the first exhibition staged at the Gallery when they re-opened after the Belfast Blitz. At the time it was the largest one-person show the gallery had staged comprising one hundred fifteen works and it was also the first solo exhibition accorded to a local contemporary artist by the gallery. In an interview with Patrick Murphy in 1980, Middleton said that these paintings represented ‘a first endeavour to harmonize the seemingly opposed and conflicting tendencies in human nature.’ Dickon Hall says of this period that “Middleton’s painting is dominated by the female form; it is only rarely that men appear in his work. In part these women reflect his experience of Belfast and the difficult conditions that so many lived through.” This can be seen in the three female figures of The Poet’s Garden (1943), and even more so in The Conspirators (1942), both of which featured in the 1943 exhibition. “The female form, pictorially and symbolically, becomes the landscape and the life force.”  The Belfast exhibition was followed by his first one-man show at the Grafton Gallery, Dublin in 1944. In the following year Middleton debuted at the Irish Exhibition of Living Art where he was to return on a number of occasions, particularly in the periods 1949-55 and 1963-71. In 1945 Middleton was married for the second time, to Kate Giddens, after both had been named co-respondents at the Belfast High Court a few months earlier, in civil servant Lionel P Barr's application for a decree-nisi. The suit was undefended and the couple had costs awarded against them. In the same year Middleton returned to the Belfast Museum for a solo exhibition arranged by the Council for the Encouragement of Music and the Arts. Middleton was a founding member of the Northern Ireland branch of the Artists International Association, who showed at the Belfast Municipal Gallery in spring 1945. Other members included Joan Loewenthal, Kathleen Crozier, Pat Hicking, Trude Neu, Sidney Smith, Nevill Johnston, George Campbell and Gerard Dillon.

Paragraph 15: The film opened to positive reviews from both critics and audiences. Behindwoods gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and stated "Jyotika's performance is clean throughout and the clarity she brings to screen is impeccable. She steals the show with good dialogue delivery and body language. The film could have been way better if the story was treated well and the screenplay was more engaging." Sify.com rated the film 3.5 out 5 stars and explained "Raatchasi works mainly because of Jyotika, as her performance is solid and sincere. She is in there in every frame and is in superb form. She has even put on a little weight to look convincing as a teacher. Though it takes some time to sync with her character, slowly she grabs our attention and makes us travel along with her. Watch it for the topical message, sharp dialogues and an earnest Jyotika." Times of India summarised the film by saying "Jyotika's performance as the dutiful teacher is the prime saving grace of this preachy film" and gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars. Indiaglitz wrote "Sy. Gowthamraj makes a respectable debut armed with genuine knowledge of the issues he has taken up and filming it as honestly as he could. The lack of finesse can be forgiven for the strong content and messages". India Today wrote "Jyothika's Raatchasi is a film that touches upon pressing issues that are plaguing government schools. Along with being predictable, the film lacks a strong screenplay to hold everyone's attention. Raatchasi is a one-time watch". Ananda Vikatan wrote, "Teacher crush, Heroine, special wish for dealt the Educational Development". Film Companion South wrote "When will our directors learn that good intentions cannot make a good movie? Or that relentless music (Sean Roldan is the composer) isn't enough to make us "feel" if there's no emotional connect with the characters?...it's great that Jyotika is cherry-picking projects that indulge in a fair bit of "heroine worship"...but she really needs better scripts".Firstpost rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars, stating "Raatchasi skims through issues plaguing the education system and offers a one-woman army as the solution".News18 rated it 3.5 out of 5 stars stating "Jyothika makes it bearable". The Hindu stated "Raatchasi is well-intentioned no doubt — films like these are constant reminders of the need to upgrade our government schools - but it needs more finesse, more heart". The Indian Express rated 3 out of 5 stars stating "Raatchasi could have been a better film if the director understood the screenplay and characters were as important as ‘messages'". Hindustan Times rated 2.5 out of 5 stars stating "Despite an earnest effort by actor Jyotika, the film's dependence on melodrama and message-heavy dialogues makes it an effort to watch". Cinema Express rated 3 out of 5 stars stating "After an efficient beginning, Raatchasi settles into a dull, comfortable zone, where familiar demons get addressed, and not particularly in enterprising ways". The News Minute rated 3 out of 5 stars stating "Jyothika's Geetha Rani is a refreshing character but the film does not rise above the predictable one-line story of a teacher turning a school around". Deccan Chronicle rated 3.5 out of 5 stars stating  "Jyothika has given earnest performance, Sean Rolden's music and Gokul Binoy's cinematography capture the right mood of the film".

Paragraph 16: From the founding of contemporary Singapore in 1819 until 1826, Singapore was headed by two residents in succession. Following Singapore's amalgamation into the Straits Settlements in 1826, it was governed by a governor together with a legislative council. An executive council of the Straits Settlements was introduced in 1877 to advise the governor but wielded little to no executive power. In 1955, a Council of Ministers was created, appointed by the governor on the recommendation of the leader of the house. Constitutional talks between Legislative Assembly representatives and the Colonial Office were held from 1956 to 1958, and Singapore achieved full internal self-government in 1959. The governor was replaced by the Yang di-Pertuan Negara, who had power to appoint to the post of prime minister the person most likely to command the authority of the assembly, and other ministers of the Cabinet on the prime minister's advice. In the 1959 general elections, the People's Action Party (PAP) swept to power with 43 out of the 51 seats in the assembly, and Lee Kuan Yew became the first prime minister of a self-governing Singapore. The executive branch of the Singapore Government remained unchanged following Singapore's merger with Malaysia in 1963, and its subsequent independence in 1965. Since then, the PAP has been returned to power in every general election and has thus formed the Cabinet since 1959.

Paragraph 17: Bowe got off to a slow start in Chiefs' 2010 campaign, catching only 9 passes in the team's first 4 games. In the Chiefs' fourth game against the Indianapolis Colts, Bowe dropped crucial passes including one in the endzone which would have given them the lead, as the Chiefs' suffered their first loss 9–19. On October 17, 2010, Bowe caught 6 passes for 108 yards and 2 touchdowns against the Houston Texans in a game that the Chiefs lost 31–35. The following week was prolific for Bowe once again, as he hauled in 3 receptions for 81 yards and 2 touchdowns in a 42–20 win over the Jacksonville Jaguars. In Week 8 against the Buffalo Bills he caught 3 passes for only 16 yards but again found the endzone, helping his team win against the Buffalo Bills, 13–10. In Week 9's match-up with the Oakland Raiders he caught 5 passes for 63 yards, adding another touchdown as well. The Chiefs went on to lose the game in overtime, 20–23. On November 14, 2010, almost a year after his drug suspension, Bowe set new career-highs for receptions and receiving yards in a single game versus the Denver Broncos. As the Broncos took a 35–0 lead, the Chiefs were forced to air it out. Bowe was targeted 18 times and caught 13 passes for 186 yards. He had 2 touchdowns as well. That was Bowe's fifth straight game with a touchdown reception. The Chiefs lost the game, 29–49. In Week 11, against the struggling Arizona Cardinals Bowe extended his streak to six straight games with a touchdown, this time coming up with 2. That set a team record for most games with a touchdown catch. He finished the game with 6 receptions for 109 yards and helped his team en route to a 31–13 win. The following week, in the first half against the Seattle Seahawks Bowe caught 8 passes while gaining 120 yards. Two of the receptions went for touchdowns. In the second half, he added five more receptions, including his third touchdown of the game. He extended his streak to 7 straight games with a score, thus breaking the Kansas City Chiefs franchise record of 6 straight games with a touchdown. Bowe also broke the Chiefs' franchise record for most touchdowns in a single season during the game against the Seattle Seahawks in week 12. He was invited to the 2011 Pro Bowl. He was also named a Second-team All-Pro by the Associated Press.

Paragraph 18: "Self Portrait" is an iconic work created in 1995 that consists of no more than a broken Heineken beer bottleneck. The label remains attached to the broken glass and reads "Imported from Holland. The Superior Quality." Geers believes that every object is more than the sum of its physical parts and is instead the embodiment of an ideology, and a portrait both of its maker and its consumer. The broken bottle of Dutch beer represents the values, and morality of the Boers, convinced that apartheid was a legitimate political system. In rejecting his own ancestors and their totalitarian ideologies, Geers symbolically breaks open the beer bottle in order to set himself free.  Like his ancestors the Boers, Heineken beer was imported into South Africa. The work was exhibited in New York on an exhibition called "Simunye' ('We Are One')" in 1996 and happened to be in the cargo hold of TWA Flight 800 that exploded as it was taking off on 17 July 1996 so Geers transformed the unique original into an edition of 12, comparing himself to two six packs of beer. Geers describes the work "Many people think that I chose Heineken because I actually like beer and more than that, drink Heineken and I have to correct them. Identity is very complex, especially if you are a White African and self-loathing is part of your cultural inheritance. In 1990, when Mandela was released and Apartheid de-legislated, our identity as South Africans was up for grabs. Our history, culture, morality, faith, values and everything that one might normally take for granted, as “identity” was in my case illegitimate. As an African I consider myself an animist and respect my ancestors, but those ancestors are Dutch. The broken bottle of beer speaks of identity as violence, the self as broken, the spirit the bottle once contained has been drunk and all that remains is the garbage of history" Holland Cotter's The New York Times review said "Every now and then, political art delivers the kind of epiphany it's supposed to: the one-liner idea that sends out unexpected ripples. Such is the case with a piece by the South African artist Kendell Geers in this stimulating show. He simply places an art-book caption for Marcel Duchamp's Conceptual joke "Air of Paris" beside a news photo of police administering oxygen to a victim of a terrorist attack. In the face of this simple reality check, Duchamp's academic gamesmanship collapses into irrelevancy."

Paragraph 19: The London Agreement entered into force for 14 countries on 1 May 2008, then for Lithuania as 15th contracting state on 1 May 2009, for Hungary as 16th contracting state on 1 January 2011, for Finland as 17th contracting state on 1 November 2011, for North Macedonia as 18th contracting state on 1 February 2012, and for Albania as 19th contracting state on 1 September 2013. In September 2012, the Irish patent legislation was amended "paving the way for Ireland's accession to the London Agreement." Namely, for European patents granted in French or German on or after 3 September 2012, the filing of a translation into English is no longer required in Ireland. Formally, Ireland became the 20th contracting state to the London Agreement on 1 March 2014. The London Agreement entered into force for Norway as 21st contracting state on 1 January 2015. On 1 January 2017, Belgian law was amended "paving the way for Belgium's accession to the London Agreement." Namely, for European patents for which the mention of grant was published in the European Patent Bulletin on or after 1 January 2017, the filing of a translation "into a Belgian national language" is no longer required in Belgium no matter the language of the patent. Eventually, the London Agreement formally entered into force for Belgium as 22nd contracting state on 1 September 2019.

Paragraph 20: During the Second World War, he was conscripted into the Royal Navy and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal as signalman in a minesweeping flotilla "for distinguished service, efficiency and zeal" in clearance of mines in the Aegean and operations during the relief of Greece 1944–45. During his Navy service, he lost the tip of the third finger of his right hand while using a bread slicer. At the end of the war, he chose to remain in the Navy, but was discharged in 1948 because of a stomach ulcer. He joined the Merchant Navy as a baggage steward with P&O, but left after a recurrence of the complaint.

Paragraph 21: Left Rhode Island for Washington, D.C., December 7. Duty at Camp Sprague, defenses of Washington, D.C., until January 3, 1862. Moved to Darnestown January 3 and to Poolesville, Md. Duty there until February and at Edward's Ferry until March. At Bolivar Heights until March 26. Moved to Washington, D.C., then to the Virginia Peninsula March 26-April 2. Siege of Yorktown April 5-May 4. Battle of Fair Oaks, Seven Pines, May 31-June 1. Seven days before Richmond June 25-July 1. Peach Orchard and Savage Station June 29. Charles City Cross Roads and Glendale June 30. Malvern Hill July 1. At Harrison's Landing until August 16. Movement to Alexandria August 16–28, then march to Fairfax Court House August 28–31. Cover retreat of Pope's army from Bull Run to Washington, D.C., August 31-September 2. Battle of Antietam, September 16–17. Moved to Harpers Ferry, W. Va., September 22, and duty there until October 22. Advance up Loudoun Valley and movement to Falmouth, Va., October 30-November 18. Battle of Fredericksburg December 12–15. "Mud March" January 20–24, 1863. At Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Maryes Heights, Fredericksburg, May 3. Salem Heights May 3–4. Banks' Ford May 4. Franklin's Crossing June 5–13. Battle of Gettysburg, July 2–4. Near Fairfield July 5. Funkstown, Md., July 10–13. Bristoe Campaign October 9–22. Advance to line of the Rappahannock November 7–8. Rappahannock Station November 7. Mine Run Campaign November 26-December 2. At Brandy Station until May 1864. Rapidan Campaign May–June. Battles of the Wilderness May 5–7; Spotsylvania May 8–12; Spotsylvania Court House May 12–21. Assault on the Salient May 12. North Anna River May 23–26. On line of the Pamunkey May 26–28. Totopotomoy May 28–31. Cold Harbor June 1–12. Before Petersburg June 17–18. Siege of Petersburg June 16-July 9. Jerusalem Plank Road June 22–23. Moved to Washington, D.C., July 9–12. Repulse of Early's attack on Washington July 12. Snicker's Ferry July 17–18. Sheridan's Shenandoah Valley Campaign August to November. Battle of Opequan, Winchester, September 19. Fisher's Hill September 22. Mount Jackson September 23–24. Battle of Cedar Creek October 19. Duty at Winchester and Kernstown until November. Moved to Washington, D.C., and refit, then moved to Petersburg, Va. Siege of Petersburg December 1864 to April 1865. Fort Fisher, Petersburg, March 25, 1865. Appomattox Campaign March 28-April 9. Assault on and fall of Petersburg April 2. Pursuit of Lee April 3–9. Sayler's Creek April 6. High Bridge and Farmville April 7. Appomattox Court House April 9. Surrender of Lee and his army.

Paragraph 22: The Post Office archives record that the first box in mainland Britain was erected in Botchergate, Carlisle, in 1853. This fact is commemorated today with a replica Penfold box, located outside the Old Town Hall in Carlisle city centre. The first six in London were installed on 11 April 1855. The earliest surviving British designs are four Butt boxes made in Gloucester for the Western Area. These are at Barnes Cross, near Sherborne, Dorset, inside the former Royal Naval Hospital, Stonehouse, Plymouth, in the Haverfordwest town museum (formerly at Merlin's Bridge) and in the British Postal Museum & Archive store at Debden (formerly at Ventnor railway station, Isle of Wight). All date from 1853 to 1859, with Barnes Cross being one of the later batch. The oldest pillar boxes still in use by the Royal Mail are at Framlingham in Suffolk; this pair were founded by Andrew Handyside and Company of Derby in 1856 and are at Double Street and College Road. A third octagonal pillar of this type was at Gosberton in Lincolnshire and is now in the Museum of Lincolnshire Life in Lincoln. 1856 also saw various designs introduced in Scotland and the Midlands. The postbox believed to be the oldest in Scotland, is a wall box which sits on the front of the Golspie Inn (formerly the Sutherland Arms Hotel); it carries the royal cypher of Queen Victoria and dates back to 1861.

Paragraph 23: Köln 2013–14 started on 20 July against Dynamo Dresden. The match ended in a 1–1 draw. Anthony Ujah scored for Köln and Tobias Kempe scored for Dynamo Dresden. Köln ended the matchday tied for eighth in the league table with Dynamo Dresden. Then Köln ended July with matchday two against Fortuna Düsseldorf on 28 July. The match ended in a 1–1 draw. Anthony Ujah scored for Köln and Charlison Benschop scored for Fortuna Düsseldorf. Köln finished July tied with Dynamo Dresden for tenth place in the table. Köln started August with matchday three Paderborn 07 on 10 August. The match ended in a 1–1 draw. Kacper Przybylko scored for Köln and Markus Krösche scored for Paderborn. Köln finished the matchday in 13th place. Köln faced SV Sandhausen on matchday four on 17 August. Köln won 2–0 with two goals from Marcel Risse. Köln finished the matchday tied for seventh with FSV Frankfurt in the table. Köln finished August with matchday five against Greuther Fürth on 24 August. The match ended in a 0–0. Köln finished August in 10th place. Köln started September with a matchday six against Erzgebirge Aue on 1 September. Köln won the match 4–1. Yannick Gerhardt, Marcel Risse, and Sławomir Peszko scored for Köln. Marcel Risse scored two goals. Taku Ishihara scored for Erzgebirge Aue. Köln finished the matchday in third place. Köln faced Energie Cottbus on matchday seven on 16 September. Köln won 4–0. Patrick Helmes, Anthony Ujah, and Sławomir Peszko scored for Köln. Anthony Ujah scored two goals. Köln finished the matchday in third place. Köln faced 1. FC Kaiserslautern on matchday eight on 20 September. The match ended in a 0–0 draw. Köln finished the matchday in second place. Köln finished September with matchday nine against VfR Aalen on 27 September. Köln won 1–0 with a goal from Marcel Risse. Köln finished September in second place. Köln started October with matchday 10 against Karlsruher SC on 5 October. Köln won 2–1. Patrick Helmes and Mišo Brečko scored for Köln. Koen van der Biezen scored for Karlsruhe. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln faced 1860 München on matchday 11 on 21 October. The match ended in a 0–0 draw. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln finished October with matchday 12 against Arminia Bielefeld on 25 October. Köln won 1–0 with a goal from Sławomir Peszko. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln started November with matchday 13 against Union Berlin on 4 November. Köln won 4–0 with goals from Marcel Risse, Yannick Gerhardt, and Jonas Hector. Marcel Risse scored two goals. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln faced VfL Bochum on matchday 14 on 10 November. Bochum won 1–0 with a goal from Richard Sukuta-Pasu. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln faced Ingolstadt 04 on matchday 15 on 23 November. Ingolstadt won 1–0 with a goal from Moritz Hartmann. Köln finished the matchday in second place. Köln finished November with matchday 16 against FC St. Pauli on 29 November. Köln won 3–0 with goals from Kevin Wimmer, Patrick Helmes, and Yannick Gerhardt. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln started December with matchday 17 against FSV Frankfurt on 7 December. Köln won 2–0 with goals from Anthony Ujah and Marcel Risse. Köln finished the matchday and the first–half of the season in first place.

Paragraph 24: On the recommendation of Cardinal Franz Christoph von Hutten zu Stolzenfels, Bishop of Speyer, Dr. Maguire was appointed as Bishop of Dromore on 10 February 1767, in succession to Bishop Anthony O'Garvey. Sir James Caldwell of Castle Caldwell, County Fermanagh, acted as his referee. Dr.Maguire seems to have been an unhelpful man when appointed Bishop of Dromore, if we are to believe the testimony of Major Edward Magauran who visited the bishop in the Spring of 1767 ("Memoirs of Major M'Gauran", Volume I, Page 134, London 1786). The major was born in Ballymagovern, County Cavan on 16 April 1746, the grandson of Colonel Bryan Magauran, the Chief of the Clan McGovern who fought in the Battle of the Boyne for King James II against William III of Orange. At the time of Dr. Maguire's appointment as Bishop of Dromore, Edward M'Gauran was then serving as an ensign in General Loudon's Austrian Regiment of Foot. He needed his pedigree proved by a respectable witness in Ireland and he states as follows; "My relations being numerous, and dispersed throughout the kingdom, I was several months employed in collecting their attestations , which I found was necessary to have corroborated by the testimony of Dr. Reilly, the Titular Bishop of Kilmore, who was then absent: I applied to Dr. M’Guire, the Catholic Bishop of Dromore, then at the house of Mr. Robert M’Guire of Tempo; He refused to grant me my request, although he knew my pretensions to be just. Exasperated by his duplicity, which was injurious to my purpose and his tenets, I set off, and travelling all night, arrived the next morning at Kilmore, the seat of Dr. Craddock, the Protestant Bishop, who signed my certificate, which was followed by the dignified clergy, and the nobility of the neighbourhood, which I thought an ample indemnification for my recent disappointment". (Major M'Gauran's identification of Dr. Reilly as Titular Bishop of Kilmore is puzzling as Andrew Campbell was bishop at the time. However Campbell was in hiding and living out of the diocese at Dunany, County Louth so it may refer to Rev. Dr. John O'Reilly, parish priest of Crosserlough, County Cavan who was Vicar General of Kilmore at the time. Dr. John Cradock was Protestant Bishop of Kilmore from 11 November 1757 until March 1772. The Maguires of Tempo at whose house the bishop stayed were a Protestant branch of the family. However they remained close to their Catholic cousins as in evidenced by the bishop residing with them and also by the fact that when he was bishop of Kilmore in 1793, Dr. Maguire supported the Protestant Captain Hugh Maguire of Tempo when he attempted to appoint the Catholic clergy of Enniskillen and Tempo in opposition to Bishop Hugh O'Reilly of Clogher. Bishop Maguire's agent in Rome, Fr. James Cowan OFM, Guardian of St.Isidore's College, prepared an appeal in Italian to the Papacy on Hugh Maguire's behalf.).

Paragraph 25: JJ of TV Is My Pacifier said "“20th Century Fox Mambo” got a complete staging, and we only saw Karen auditioning the song. From what I saw about the dancing, it was very solid, but I would’ve like some shots of Ivy doing the same routine. The same counts for the singing, it would’ve been nice to have heard Megan singing the song (in part), as well." Scott Brown of Vulture describes the song as a "frothy style spread that uses [Marilyn Monroe's] early, Norma Jean–era screen test for 20th Century Fox...to blow out a number that's easily detachable from a larger story", and notes that this probable because at the point in the series, there was "no larger story, no structure, and no real concept" to the musical. He likens the song to "Under the Sea", and adds "the mambo is suitably energetic and, once again, acrobatically choreographed by Josh Bergasse". He also comments on Katharine McPhee's "much-remarked-upon blankness" in the song: "her eyes go a little dead... and her whole soul seems to wink out, as if covered by some protective nictating membrane", and adds that "the peak of the song takes her atop a spinning desk, where she looks mighty uncomfortable". He compares the makeover aspect of the song to Evita's "Rainbow High", and adds that sometimes the song was as "lyrically strained" Tim Rice's work, citing: "accenting the word 'the' to keep the rhythm, rhyming obsessively and ostentatiously, strenuously saying nothing and saying it repeatedly, and contracting words to cheat metrical death (e.g., fac'try for factory)", as ways in which "this number trades coquettishly in lyrical hedges that really push [his] buttons". He concluded by saying, "I still await a song from "Marilyn" that I can fall for, like Arthur Miller at Shiksa Mart. And I hold to my theory that said song won't arrive until somebody figures out what Marilyn is actually about. Noel Murray of The AV Club says that he "liked [the song] quite a bit", though adds in his opinion it should have been titled "The 20th Century Foxtrot". In regard to McPhee's performance, he noted that "in the studio, she hits all the notes and all the steps, but without much life", and adds that "to [him], Karen was much more appealing when she was awkwardly rehearsing the dance in her apartment, and getting embarrassed by her boyfriend Dev watching her". An Allmusic review by Heather Phares notes that "a Chicago-style brassiness dominates "The 20th Century Fox Mambo" and "Let's Be Bad," both of which sound the most like genuine show tunes".

Paragraph 26: The second model referred to by the document ("model 2" in the ordering) was an improved method that combined servlet technology with JSP technology. The specific difference listed was that a servlet would intercept the request, place the content to render into a request attribute (typically represented by a JavaBean), then call a JSP to render the content in the desired output format. This model differed from the previous model in the fact that JSP technology was used as a pure template engine. All of the logic was separated out into a servlet, leaving the JSP with the sole responsibility of rendering the output for the content provided.

Paragraph 27: At the 2002 World Figure Skating Championships held in Nagano, Japan, Shen and Zhao won their first World Championship, becoming the first Chinese pair skaters to win a gold medal in the history of figure skating. Later in March 2003, as the defending world champions, the team also won their second World Championship in Washington D.C., United States. While practising their throw quadruple salchow, Shen landed badly and severely injured her landing foot and ankle. She required several treatments to numb the foot entirely so that she should compete. The pair performed a brilliant long program that earned them several perfect 6.0's for both technical merits and presentation.

Paragraph 28: Abatar | Abbas Gavabar | Abbas Kuh | Abbasabad | Abchalagi | Abdangsar | Abdu Chal | Abkenar | Abrud | Abuyar | Afermejan-e Olya | Afermejan-e Sofla | Aftab Khvortab | Agari Bujaq | Aghasi | Aghuz Kalleh | Aghuz Keleh | Aghuzbon Kand Sar | Aghuzbon | Aghuzbon | Aghuzchal | Ahandan | Ahangar Mahalleh | Ahkalan | Ahmad Sara | Ahmadabad | Ahmadsargurab | Aineh Deh | Aji Buzayeh | Akbar Sara | Akbarabad | Akbarabad | Akhund Mahalleh | Akhund Melk | Ala Sar | Alaki Sahra | Alalan-e Qadim | Alam Sar | Alan | Alankangeh | Ali Bozayeh | Ali Kalayeh | Ali Nowdeh | Ali Owsat Mahalleh | Ali Sara | Ali Sara | Ali Sara | Ali Sara | Ali Sorud | Ali Va | Aliabad Sara | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad-e Kapur Chal | Alibeyk Sara | Alikhan Sara | Alkam | Allah Bakhsh Mahalleh | Allah Deh | Allah Rud | Allah Vajeh Sar | Allaheh Gurab | Allahka | Alman Lengeh | Alman | Alman | Alvian | Amildan | Aminabad | Aminabad | Amir Bekandeh | Amir Beyglu | Amir Gavabor | Amir Hendeh | Amir Hendeh | Amir Kalayeh | Amir Kia Sar | Amirabad | Amlash | Amshal | Anarestan | Anarkul | Anbar Sar | Anbara Pesht | Anbaran Mahalleh | Anbolan Sara | Anbu | Anbuh | Angulesh | Angulvar | Anjilan | Anjil-e Boneh | Anovi | Anush Mahalleh | Anush Mahalleh-ye Jow Kandan | Aq Masjed | Aq Masjed | Aq Owlar | Aqa Ali Sara | Aqa Mahalleh | Aqa Mahalleh-ye Bahambar | Aqa Nur-e Sehtan | Aqajan Mahalleh | Aqaseyyed Yaqub | Araban | Arb Gardan | Arba Sar | Arbastan | Arbeh Langeh | Arbu Kolayeh | Arbu Langeh | Arbu Sara | Ardajan | Ardeh | Areh Chak | Arus Mahalleh | Arushki | Asak | Asalem | Asb Buni | Asb Rish | Asbrahan | Asbu Sara | Asd Sara | Asgarabad | Ashik Aghasi | Ashiyan | Ashkal | Ashkar Meydan | Ashk-e Majan Pahlu | Ashtarkan | Ashurabad | Asia Barak | Asiab Darreh | Asiab Sar | Asiab Sar | Asiab Sham | Asiabar | Asiabarak | Asiab-e Saran | Askadeh | Askarabad | Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh | Astara | Asu | Atarud | Atash Sara | Ateshgah | Ava | Avaz Lar Sayyadlar | Ayarneh | Aynehvar | Ayzdin | Azar Key | Azarbon-e Olya | Azarbon-e Sofla | Azarcheh | Azarestan | Azarestanak | Azarsetanaki | Azbar | Azgam | Azhdeha Baluch | Aziz Kian

Paragraph 29: In 887, a mutiny at Zhenhai's capital Run Prefecture (), led by Zhou's officer Xue Lang, forced Zhou to flee from Run Prefecture to Chang Prefecture (常州, in modern Changzhou, Jiangsu) to come under the protection of his officer Ding Congshi () the prefect of Chang Prefecture, while Xue claimed the title of acting military governor.  In response, Qian sent three of the "Eight Corps" commanders, Du Leng (), Ruan Jie (), and Cheng Ji () to attack Xue.  After a victory over Xue's officer Li Junwang (), however, for reasons unclear, Du attacked and captured Chang Prefecture, and Ding fled to Huainan.   Qian had Zhou escorted to Hang Prefecture, where he welcomed Zhou in a grand ceremony fitting the ceremony welcome by a subordinate of a military governor.  Zhou would die at Hang Prefecture soon thereafter.  (The New Book of Tang indicated that Qian killed Zhou, but Sima Guang, the lead author of the Zizhi Tongjian, found the account not credible and did not adopt it.)  Meanwhile, Qian ordered Ruan to attack Run Prefecture, and Ruan captured it.  Xue was taken captive, and Qian had his heart cut out of his body to be sacrificed to Zhou.  Qian also sent his cousin Qian Qiu () to attack Su Prefecture (蘇州, in modern Suzhou, Jiangsu), and Qian Qiu captured it in spring 888, allowing Qian Liu to control most of Zhenhai territory, which he largely held onto from this point on—resisting even an imperial attempt to take control of Su, by a failed assassination attempt against the imperially-commissioned prefect Du Ruxiu (), which caused Du Ruxiu to flee and allowed Qian to retain control.  (Su Prefecture was briefly captured by Sun Ru, one of the contenders for control of Huainan after Gao was killed in a mutiny, in late 891, but Qian soon recaptured it, and entered into a temporary alliance with Sun's rival Yang Xingmi, supplying Yang's army with food.)  Meanwhile, to placate Qian, then-reigning Emperor Zhaozong (Emperor Xizong's brother and successor) created Qian the Baron of Wuxing, and in 892 gave him the title of the defender of a new Wusheng Circuit () with its headquarters at Hang Prefecture, as well as governor (觀察使, Guanchashi) of the Su-Hang region and created him the Marquess of Pengcheng.  In 893, Emperor Zhaozong officially made him the military governor of Zhenhai—now with its headquarters at Hang, as Run and Chang prefectures fell into Yang's control in 892.  In 894, Emperor Zhaozong bestowed on Qian the honorary chancellor title of Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi ().  In spring 895, Emperor Zhaozong created Qian the Duke of Pengcheng.

Paragraph 30: Kim drugs Esther into giving birth prematurely and she gives birth to Curtis and refuses to give him to Grace and Trevor. When Grace tells Kim that she wants her to become a family with Curtis, Kim induces Esther into a coma. But Esther's grandmother Frankie is given custody of Curtis, and Kim realises that Grace has been using her to get the baby. Trevor later orders Robbie to kill Kim but he warns her of Trevor's demands and Kim flees the village. During her absence Kim begins manipulating Dylan online anonymously under the name "Gothboy98". Esther is released from hospital and Kim convinces her to run away with Curtis. Grace and Trevor start a car chase with them which results in Kim and Esther's car crashing. Kim reverses her crashed car which collides with a police van carrying Dylan inside it. This results in the circumstance that lead Dylan's eventual death. Esther discovers the full extent of Kim's obsession and affair with Grace and she ends their relationship again. Lindsey reveals that she caused Kath to drown when they were children. Kim then offers to be there for Lindsey but this develops into another obsession. As she spends more time with Lindsey she begins to cause trouble in her relationship with Freddie. She makes him look unable to look after Lindsey's son JJ. Then she pretends a small accident which occurred in Freddie's car, has caused JJ to have a fractured skull. She later sends texts off Freddie's phone inviting Lindsey home, climbs into bed while Freddie is asleep making it look like they have had sex. Kim discovers that Lindsey is responsible for a series of murders in the hospital and threatens to report her. Lindsey manipulates Kim into silence and she tries to make Lindsey stop killing. She becomes annoyed with Kim's meddling and injects her with potassium chloride. The attack does not kill her, but Lindsey continues to treat her and sedate her to avoid her regaining control. When Kim comes round she agrees to remain quiet. She later takes the blame for the killings to protect Lindsey and is sent to prison. Kim is released from prison and Lindsey goes on the run. She blackmails Kim into helping her to steal her son from the Roscoe's. Lindsey then goes into labour, Kim helps her give birth. Lindsey is then murdered by serial killer Silas Blissett (Jeff Rawle).