Paragraph 1: This is a list of cricketers who have captained the West Indian U-19 cricket team for at least one U-19 One Day International. The table of results is complete to the sixth and final youth ODI match for the WI U-19 in the 2022 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup, and includes all six youth ODI match for the WI U-19 in the 2021 West Indies Under-19 tour of England, all six youth ODI match for the WI U-19 team in the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup, all six youth ODI match for the WI U-19 team in the 2019 Under-19 Tri-Nation Tournament in the West Indies, all six youth ODI matches for the WI U-19 team in 2018 Under-19 Cricket World Cup, all three youth ODI match for the WI U-19 team in the 2017 West Indies Under-19 tour of Zimbabwe, all five matches for the WI U-19 team in the 2017 West Indies Under-19 tour of South Africa, all six matches for the WI U-19 team of the 2016 U-19 Cricket World Cup, all three matches for the WI U-19 team of 2015/2016 West Indies U-19 tour of Bangladesh, all six matches for the WI U-19 team of the 2014 U-19 Cricket World Cup, the one and only youth ODI match of the 2013/2014 West Indies U-19 tour of Bangladesh (the other six matches were cancelled following an explosion near the WI U-19 team hotel), all seven youth ODI matches of the 2013/2014 Bangladesh U-19 tour of the West Indies, the 2012 U-19 Cricket World Cup (all six matches including the fifth place playoff), all seven youth ODI matches for the West Indies U-19 team in the 2011/12 U-19 Quadrangular Series in India, all three youth ODI matches of the 2011 Dubai Series between the West Indies U-19 team and the Australia U-19 team and all six matches of the West Indies team in the 2009/10 U-19 Cricket World Cup where they lost in the semi-finals to the Pakistan U-19 cricket team but beat the Sri Lanka U-19 cricket team in the playoff to place third in the tournament. West Indies U-19s' best result in an U-19 World Cup has been as champions in 2016. Previously they were a finalist in 2003/04 and 2007/08 they won the plate final for the U-19 World Cup.

Paragraph 2: Bob (played by Charlie Stewart) – One of the boys' best friends. He is a dyslexic. Zack meets him in school one day when he was moved into a regular class from a special education class because he was doing so well in it. He likes to play Total World Conquest with the boys and Cody's friends, Warren and Jeremy, though they almost never finish their games because Zack and Cody usually end up fighting. Bob, as shown in "Smart & Smarteree" and "Odd Couples", is somewhat impatient. He speaks fluent French, as illustrated in the episode "French 101". In the episode, "Back in the Game", one of his beliefs is frequent, short naps. In "Forever Plaid", he states that his favourite subject is Science. Bob is shown to also be talented in well-made creating a very well made rocking chair. He has a sister, possibly his twin, as shown in "Election", and a younger brother mentioned in "Twins at the Tipton". Bob likes to visits Zack and Cody just because the doorman calls him "sir". He was Puck in the show's version of A Midsummer Night's Dream, is on their basketball team and worked at the boys' club seen in "Club Twin" selling soda. Bob is very vulnerable to poison oak, shown in the episode "Ah! Wilderness". In the episode "Super Twins", he is the first and only child to be adultified by the Meanager (Moseby) – which causes the twins remark later that he has a booming insurance business. However, this is dropped when Zack turns back time at the end of episode. Bob is Zack and Cody's most frequent friend featured on the show with 16 appearances. He visits Zack and Cody on the SS Tipton once in The Suite Life on Deck, which reveals he is now dating Cody's ex-girlfriend Barbara.

Paragraph 3: Concurrently, the Turkish mercenaries had drained the treasury; many of the works of art and valuables of all sorts in the palace were sold to satisfy their demands---often they themselves were the purchasers, at merely nominal prices, and resold the articles thus gained at a profit. Emeralds valued at 300,000 dinars were bought by one Turkish general for 500 dinars, and in one fortnight of the year 460/1068 articles to the value of 30,000,000 dinars were sold off to provide pay for the Turks. The precious library, which had been rendered available to the public and was one of the attractions for many who visited Cairo, was scattered; the books were torn up, thrown away, or used to light fires. At length, the Turks began fighting amongst themselves. Nasir al-Dawla ibn Hamdan, the general of the Turks, had invested the city, which was defended by the rival faction of the Turkish guard; after burning part of Fustat and defeating the defenders, he entered as conqueror. When he reached the palace, he found al-Mustansir lodged in rooms which had been stripped bare, waited on by only three slaves, and subsisting on two loaves which were sent him daily by the daughters of Ibn Babshand, the grammarian.

Paragraph 4: The Fort Lauderdale Strikers chose a much longer and bumpier path to the finals, a path that included three transcontinental trips. The Strikers qualified for the playoffs by virtue of a second-place finish in the Eastern Division of the American Conference with 163 points. Their opening round series was against the California Surf. The first leg was played on the West Coast in the 69,000 seat Anaheim Stadium before a pitiful crowd of 2,929 on August 28, 1980. Fort Lauderdale won that evening, 2–1. The return leg was played at Lockhart Stadium on August 31, 1980, before 15,282 Striker Likers. The Surf proved to be a worthy opponent, winning, 2–0, to send the series to a mini-game. After a scoreless 30 minutes, the teams moved on to an NASL shoot-out. The shoot-out went a then-record, 11 rounds, before Gerd Müller's second goal of the tie breaker won it for the Strikers by a 3–2 margin. In the conference semifinal series they headed west again, this time to face the Edmonton Drillers, who had themselves won the Western Division. Once again, Ft. Lauderdale took game 1 on the road at Commonwealth Stadium, this time by a score of 1–0 on September 3, 1980. Game 2 in South Florida saw the Drillers battle to a 2–2, 90 minute draw that went scoreless through 15 minutes of golden goal extra time. On to a shoot-out they went. Edmonton won the shoot-out battle, 2–1, to tie the series and a force mini-game, but they would not win the war. The home team posted a convincing, 3–0, victory in the 30-minute extra session to secure their second trip to the American Conference Finals in three years. The Strikers seemed destined to rack up a record number of frequent flyer miles at this point, as they got word that the wildcard San Diego Sockers had upset their cross-state rival Tampa Bay Rowdies that same evening. This of course meant another grueling West Coast trip, instead of the easy voyage across the state for a post-season edition of the Florida Derby. Moreover, the Sockers were now coached by Ron Newman. The Strikers had fired him at the end of the 1979 season after three years, despite his being the NASL's all-time winningest coach and leading the club to the playoffs in all three seasons. As if by a scrip and just as in the two previous series, Ft. Lauderdale won the first leg on the road by one goal, 2–1, at Jack Murphy Stadium on September 11, 1980. When the teams played the return leg two days later at Lockhart Stadium, once again the Strikers fell, this time by a 4–2 scoreline. Another convincing, 3–0, victory in yet another mini-game tie breaker secured them their first ever trip to the Soccer Bowl.

Paragraph 5: In 1266 Baraq was dispatched to Central Asia to take the throne of Chagatai. Kublai instigated Baraq to attack Kaidu in 1268. At first Baraq defeated Kaidu, however, the former was defeated by the latter with the assistance of Möngke-Temür, successor of Berke. When Baraq advanced towards Kaidu, the latter set a trap for the invader's troops on the bank of the Jaxartes, and defeated his forces. Transoxiana was then ravaged by Kaidu. Baraq fled to Samarkand, then Bukhara, plundering the cities along the way in an attempt to rebuild his army. These actions alarmed Kaidu, who did not want the region to be further devastated. Kaidu also needed to free up his army for a potential conflict with Kublai. Peace was therefore proposed, and Baraq was pressured by the governors of the sedentary areas of the khanate, Mas'ud Beg and Daifu, to accept. He did, and peace was declared, although sources conflict on the time and location. Rashid al-Din claims that the meeting took place in the spring of 1269 in Talas, while Wassaf writes that it took place around 1267 to the south of Samarkand. Either way, two-thirds of Transoxiana were granted to Baraq, while the other third went to Kaidu and Mengu-Timur. Kaidu also gained control of the region around Bukhara. Neither side gained control of the cities; the administration of these instead devolved to Mas'ud Beg, while Baraq and Kaidu agreed to reside only in the deserts and mountains.

Paragraph 6: When Togo was 8 months old, he proved his worth as a sled dog. Seppala had been hired by a client to transport him quickly to a newly discovered gold claim which would be an overnight round trip for the team. Unable to spare extra time dealing with the young Togo's antics, Seppala tethered him inside the kennel with instructions left to not let him free until he and the team were well and gone. A short while after Seppala had left, Togo broke free of the tether and jumped the kennel fence, getting his paw caught in the process. A kennel handler noticed and cut the dog down from the fencing, but before he could grab him, Togo took off to follow the team's trail. He followed them through nightfall and slept, unnoticed, near the cabin where Seppala was spending the night. The next day, Seppala spotted him far off in the distance, and understood why his dogs had been so keyed up. Togo continued to make Seppala's work difficult on the return trip to the kennel, trying to play with the work dogs and leading them in "charges against reindeer", pulling them off the trail. Seppala had no choice but to put him in a harness to control him, and was surprised that Togo instantly settled down. As the run wore on, Seppala kept moving Togo up the line until, at the end of the day, he was sharing the lead position with the lead dog (named "Russky"). Togo had logged 75 miles on his first day in harness, which was unheard of for an inexperienced young sled dog, especially a puppy. Seppala called him an "infant prodigy", and later added that "I had found a natural-born leader, something I had tried for years to breed."

Paragraph 7: In 2014 the Terra Submersa team, led by Julien Beck, was waiting for permission to conduct their survey of the Franchthi area of Kiladha Bay. To bide their time they ran some training dives several hundred metres north, just outside the mouth of the Bay, at Lambayanna Beach.  These dives revealed very old pottery fragments and odd seafloor anomalies that piqued their interest.  Returning in 2015 for a more thorough investigation, they found the ruins of an Early Bronze Age city. The site spans  and lies beneath  of water. It includes the foundations of buildings, stone paved surfaces that are likely roads, and what appear to be the remains of a fortification wall with three large towers.  Such a defensive structure would be the first of its kind to be discovered from the Early Bronze Age in Greece. The visible remains of Lambayanna are dated to the Early Helladic II era (c. 2650 – c. 2200 BC), making it a contemporary of the House of the Tiles at Lerna, the building of the Great Pyramids, and both the Cycladic and Minoan cultures of the nearby Aegean islands. A second layer of Lambayanna has been identified as Early Helladic I (c. 3200 – c. 2650 BC), and a third layer has revealed pottery that dates all the way back to an intermediary period between the Bronze Age and the Neolithic, suggesting not only that the site is well over 5,000 years old, but that it may have had an overlapping relationship with the Neolithic Franchthi community.

Paragraph 8: Pittas started playing football as an amateur at GS Patision in 1974. He won the local championship and he also became an international with the youth team in 1976. Two years later he moved to Korinthos, where he played for three seasons and  in 1979 he won the second division at their group, as well as the promotion to the first division. In 1981 he moved to Ethnikos Piraeus, where he played for four seasons and his performances attracted the interest of the big clubs. In 1985, Pittas was transferred to the PAOK and played at the club of Thessaloniki until December 1986. In December of 1986, Pittas moved to AEK Athens and performed quite well, helping the team with his good technique and strong shot. On 24 January 1988, in a match against PAOK and while the score was at 0–0, at the 30th minute AEK won an indirect foul from quite a long distance and Pittas had not seen the gesture of the referee for an indirect foul, he executed directly with the ball hitting the goalkeeper's hand and ending up in the net. If the goalkeeper had let the ball go straight to the net, the goal would not count. PAOK objected, asking for the replay of the match but,  the objection fell on deaf ears. As he revealed, when the players and the referee were returning after the goal for the continuation of the match, the referee angrily addressed him and asking him if he was trying to end his refereeing career. On 7 September 1988, he scored the winner with a header against Athletic Bilbao for the UEFA Cup. He distinguished himself quite a bit in the yellow-blacks, actively participating in winning the league in 1989. An interesting story of that time is that he won a bet of 500,000 drachmas from his teammate Stelios Manolas, betting that AEK would win the championship in the end of the season, where Manolas did not expect that AEK would succeed and naturally lost the bet. He left AEK in 1989 in a bad way, having complaints mainly from the president of the club, Stratos Gidopoulos, as well as the manager, Dušan Bajević, since his contract was not renewed and at the same time the management owed him money, making an appeal and staying out of matches for a long time. He then played for 3 seasons in the second division with E.A. Rethymniakou, before ending his career in 1992.

Paragraph 9: The first hour of the race saw Toyota Gazoo Racing lead the race with a 1-2, after being split by Rebellion Racing’s Bruno Senna early on. Senna had initially led Kamui Kobayashi in the #7 Toyota for the first 20 minutes, after an opportunistic lunge into Turn 3, successfully holding Kobayashi behind, in the Silverstone-winning Toyota, which had been slapped with a 1.4-second success handicap. The battle between the #1 Rebellion and the #7 Toyota saw Kobayashi repeatedly accelerate past Senna heading onto the long main straight at Fuji Speedway, only for the Rebellion to draft past the Toyota with its higher top-end speed, towards the end of the straight. The battle cost both drivers time against the sister #8 Toyota of Sébastien Buemi, who built up a clear advantage in the opening stint, ending hour 1 23 seconds ahead of Kobayashi. The #5 Team LNT Ginetta trailed the duelling pair by 20 seconds, with Egor Orudzhev having made a good start, briefly moving up to second with a sweeping move around Senna and Kobayashi into Turn 1, but eventually lost ground in the following corners to the pair. In LMP2, Giedo van der Garde made a swift charge to put the Racing Team Nederland Oreca 07 Gibson into the class lead, from 7th of the 8 LMP2s on the starting grid, eventually holding a commanding 23 second lead over the 2nd placed High Class Racing car. GTE-Pro saw three changes of the lead in the 1st hour, with pole-sitter Gianmaria Bruni being overtaken by Alessandro Pier Guidi in the #51 Ferrari on lap one, only for Bruni to return to the place once more, diving underneath the Italian into Turn 1 half an hour in, with Marco Sorensen putting the No. 95 Aston Martin Vantage GTE out front later on. Before the first round of pit stops took place, Sorensen led Bruni by less than a second, while Maxime Martin was third in the sister Aston Martin, ahead of Bruni’s teammate Kevin Estre and the two AF Corse Ferrari 488 GTE Evos. Salih Yoluc, and the TF Sport Team dominated the opening hour in GTE-Am, with the #90 TF Sport Aston Martin driver working his way into a near half-minute lead. The class triggered a safety car on the first lap, when Satoshi Hoshino careered into the side of the No. 98 Aston Martin Vantage driven by Paul Dalla Lana, at the chicane.

Paragraph 10: The main mountainous islands of Scotland are Skye, Mull and Rùm in the Inner Hebrides and Harris within the Outer Hebrides, however Islay, Jura and, although separated from the Hebrides, Arran are all very well-regarded for their hills and mountains. Skye's Black Cuillin, composed of basalt and rough gabbro, is generally regarded as the most serious mountain terrain in Britain with bare rock, jagged in outline and steep cliffs and deep cut corries. Ropes are required for some summits and the area is host to the only Munro necessitating climbing apparatus, the In Pinn. The neighbouring Red Cuillin is composed primarily of granite and has more isolated, cone-shaped mountains of a slightly lesser height. Skye is also very well known for the Quiraing and its Old Man of Storr on the Trotternish peninsula. The isle of Rùm has its own Cuillin, also composed of gabbro but shorter, grassier; necessitating good scrambling ability, and a head for heights. Multiple characteristic smaller hills are to be found on the island as well. Although only having one Munro, Ben More, Mull is a very mountainous island in its centre with Grahams and lower hills. The walking here is not as precipitous as the latter but still requires good competence. Jura is best known by the Paps of Jura, three cone-shaped, quartzite hills which are home to the Isle of Jura Fell Race and necessitate a great deal of height gain despite their size. Smaller hills are to be found nearby to them and on the remote northern half of the island. Within the Outer Hebrides, the mountains of Harris dominate, providing a stark contrast to the flatness of Lewis. The four highest mountains here are separated from each other by deep valleys, however the areas highest mountain, An Cliseam, can be climbed via a short horseshoe route. South Uist, further south in the archipelago, also has small enjoyable mountains and hills. The final island of considerable concern is Arran, which has four Corbetts and one Graham. These mountains require considerable care in places and include the A'Chir ridge, an area well-regarded by climbers; a number of approaches and routes are possible, usually starting from Glen Rosa or Glen Sannox. The St. Kilda archipelago, 40-miles west-northwest of North Uist, is also worth mentioning, consisting of four exceptionally steep-sided islands and multiple sea stacks, all but one requiring special planning and authorisation to visit and almost all necessitating safety ropes. These islands are sought after by hill baggers. Scotland also has smaller islands with conspicuous summits not part of a range, such as Dùn Caan on Raasay. The highest point of this area is Sgùrr Alasdair.

Paragraph 11: Johnstone attempted to place much of the blame for his delay in chasing the French on a subordinate, Captain Evelyn Sutton of HMS Isis, and deprived him of his command and substantial prize money. Sutton was arrested and court-martialed, but acquitted. In response Sutton brought a suit against his former commander. Johnstone had to contest this suit, protracted by appeals, for the rest of his life, with it only being settled in his favour two days before his death. Johnstone was by now probably suffering from Hodgkin's disease, which may have been responsible for some of his lapses in judgement. He was elected as member of parliament for Lostwithiel in 1781, and continued to be an active member, opposing American independence, and government interference in the running of the East India Company. He opposed Charles James Fox's proposals for tighter controls on the company, but in a move contrary to his earlier views, supported William Pitt the Younger's scheme. Pitt's was more moderate than Fox's, allowing the Company directors to retain power over company appointments, and Johnstone may have made a deal with Pitt to support this measure in exchange for Pitt's supporting Johnstone's bid to be elected to the directorship of the company, which he achieved in 1784. The two did not collaborate closely after this, and Pitt neither brought him into his government, nor offered him a pocket borough to represent in the 1784 general election. Johnstone instead attempted to win the seat of Haddington Burghs, but was defeated. He contested Ilchester the following year, but was again defeated. After a petition however his opponent John Harcourt was declared not to have been elected, and Johnstone was elected in his stead. By now in poor health Johnstone remained only a year in Parliament, before applying for Chiltern Hundreds in 1787 to resign his seat.

Paragraph 12: The command of what was now called the XI Corps changed to Maj. Gen. Oliver O. Howard in 1863, and Steinwehr continued to command the division in the Battle of Chancellorsville and the Battle of Gettysburg.  The corps was the victim of the surprise flanking attack by Stonewall Jackson at Chancellorsville on May 2, 1863, and the overwhelming attack by Lt. Gen. Richard S. Ewell's Second Corps on the first day of Gettysburg, July 1, 1863.  At Chancellorsville, Steinwehr's division had one brigade, that of Col Adolphus Buschbeck involved in resisting Jackson's attack. At Gettysburg, when the corps was forced to retreat back through the town to Cemetery Hill, Col Charles Coster took a brigade of Steinwehr's division out to the edge of the town, where it sacrificed itself buying time for the retreating soldiers of the other two divisions. These two defeats seriously degraded the combat effectiveness of the XI Corps and humiliated many of the German immigrant soldiers in the corps. Nevertheless, Steinwehr was well thought of by his superiors. After Chancellorsville, General Howard wrote that Steinwehr's bearing during the battle was "cool, collected and judicious." Brig. Gen. Alpheus Williams, a fellow division commander, described him as a "remarkably intelligent and agreeable person."

Paragraph 13: During his attempts to establish the truth, Sathyam faces various troubles. The Minister's proxies give him various troubles by killing children by offering them ice creams laced with drugs to eat and killing his mother. When Sathyam arrests Acharya, the Minister's proxy, and takes him to court, the Minister's henchmen attack him while driving and Sathyam is stabbed. Thillanayagam (Dilli Babu in Telugu version), the other proxy, shoots Acharya and blames Sathyam. Sathyam performs his mother's funeral rites and is suspended from the force and jailed. Manicka Vel, to be released the next day, feels sad for Sathyam and laments his loss in the jail. Thillanayagam runs for MLA with the Minister's support so that he cannot be harmed by Sathyam. He gloats to Sathyam at the jail about his newfound power and challenges Sathyam's honor and dignity. At a public rally for Thillanayagam's candidature, the Kondal Dasan openly challenges and insults Sathyam, who is released from jail by a sympathetic officer and coming to disrupt the public rally. Manicka Vel stands in the corner aiming to kill Thillanayagam and the Dasan. Sathyam arrives and exposes the Minister and Thillanayagam by shooting them and forcing them to confess the truth about the Minister's intentions and the death of the proxy. Thillanayagam reveals everything about himself, Acharya, and Dasan. While lamenting the situation he is in and calling for reform, Sathyam is shot by the Minister's henchman and questions the honesty and trust his people and fellow officers have in him. Manicka Vel arrives on the scene and salutes Sathyam, with other officers following suit. A newscast is shown with Kondal Dasan and Thillanayagam being arrested and Sathyam is reinstated in the police force. Sathyam is promoted to Deputy Commissioner by the Chief Minister and marries Deivanayaki, and the credits roll.

Paragraph 14: Magnetotactic crystals range anywhere in size from 30 nanometers to 120 nanometers. This size allows them to be magnetically stable and to help optimize the MTB ability toward magnetotaxis. The single domain crystals have the maximum possible magnetic moment per unit volume for a given composition. A smaller size would not be as efficient to contribute to the cellular magnetic moment, the smaller size crystals are superparamagnetic, therefore they are not continuously magnetic. Crystals exceeding 120 nanometers can form magnetic domains in opposition to the desired direction. While a single magnetosome chain could appear to be ideal for magneto-aerotaxis, a number of magnetotactic bacteria have magnetosomes or magnetosome arrangements that depart from the ideal. A reported example includes large magnetosomes (up to 200 nanometers) found in coccoid cells in Brazil. These cells contain enough magnetosomes that the calculated magnetic dipole moment of the cell is about 250 times larger than that of a typical Magnetospirillum magnetotacticum. Some bacteria have magnetosomes that are not arranged in chains, but the magnetosomes are clustered on one side of the cell. In this arrangement, the shape anisotropy of each crystal provides the stability against remagnetization, rather than the overall shape anisotropy in the magnetosome chain arrangement. These non-ideal arrangements may lead to additional, currently unknown functions of magnetosomes; possibly related to metabolism.

Paragraph 15: Upskilling : This category is based on a human capital investment approach, which aims to adapt workers' skills to labour market requirements through measures that may take the form of state-subsidised classes and apprenticeships helping the unemployed improve their vocational skills as a way to promote access to the labour market for workers with outdated skills or from certain disadvantaged groups such as early school leavers with few qualifications.                                                                                                                               It is widely applied in the Nordic countries and particularly in Denmark where it forms the core of the flexi security model which focuses on the empowerment of jobseekers by funding extensive training programmes which are accessible or even compulsory after one year of unemployment. The provision of basic education services can also play a role in improving human capital for certain categories such as recently arrived immigrant workers, Germany thus provided in the past few years German language skills courses that concerned 170 000 people, most asylum seekers in 2017 with efforts made to involve them into preparatory traineeship, These measures have had  the effect of increasing their productivity, reflected in the fact that immigrants with good German writing skills see their wage gap with natives reduced by 10%

Paragraph 16: Upon its completion, the span became part of the Lincoln Highway. This historic transcontinental roadway's original alignment, like the Transcontinental Railroad that preceded it nearly sixty years earlier, chose to avoid crossing the Carquinez Strait entirely. The preferred option, given the engineering limitations of the day, was to skirt around the Delta by going south from Sacramento through Stockton, then proceeding west across the San Joaquin River and over the Altamont Pass, and finally reaching Oakland from the south; a route that would later become U.S. Route 50 and ultimately Interstates 5, 205, and 580. This circuitous route, several miles longer, and traversing a rather formidable mountain pass, was preferable to crossing the Carquinez Strait, a deep channel with strong currents and frequent high winds. For decades, building a bridge across the Carquinez Strait was considered prohibitively expensive and technologically risky. Once the bridge was built however, driving from Sacramento to the East Bay became much more direct. The Carquinez Bridge provided a welcome alternative route from the Central Valley to the Bay Area, one that no longer required loading one's vehicle onto and off of a ferry. With the bridge completed, the Lincoln Highway was realigned to cross the Sacramento River, then proceed southwest through Davis and Vallejo, across the Carquinez Bridge, and along the shores of the San Pablo and San Francisco bays to Richmond and Oakland; becoming U.S. Route 40, and ultimately Interstate 80.

Paragraph 17: In the late 19th century Fall River, Massachusetts, together with Kearny, New Jersey and St. Louis, Missouri, emerged as a stronghold for soccer in the United States. In the late 1870s Fall River experienced a period of economic growth, driven by the demand for cotton print cloth. Southeastern New England was the birthplace of the United States textile industry and Fall River became known as Spindle City. By 1876 the city was home to 43 factories, more than 30,000 looms and more than one million spindles. Keeping them all working required immigrant labor and, while some of the new arrivals were French Canadian and Irish, many also came from Lancashire and Glasgow, two of the earliest strongholds of soccer in the United Kingdom.  As a result, several soccer clubs, including Rovers, emerged within the city. In February 1884, the team was founded at a meeting held on County Street, Fall River.  The team joined the Bristol County Football Association in 1885.  Other clubs from the city included Fall River Olympics, Fall River Pan Americans and Fall River East Ends. Rovers, along with these clubs became affiliated with the American Football Association and entered the American Cup. Between 1888 and 1892 teams from Fall River won the cup five times in succession. Fall River Rovers won it in both 1888 and 1889. In 1891, Rovers, along with the Fall River Olympics, East Enders and Pawtucket Free Wanderers, formed the New England League. In 1903, Rovers won the Interstate League championship.  In 1907, they reentered the AFA.  The Rovers were the New England League champions in 1909 before joining the first Eastern Soccer League in 1910. When this league was abandoned during its only season, Rovers were in the lead. Between 1915 and 1921 they played in the Southern New England Soccer League, twice finishing as runners-up in 1917 and 1921. In 1917 they also won the Times Cup, the league cup of the SNESL, defeating J&P Coats 3–0 in the final.

Paragraph 18: "6 Underground" is a song by the English band Sneaker Pimps from their debut studio album Becoming X. First released as a single in the United Kingdom in September 1996, the song reached number 15 on the UK Singles Chart and had moderate radio airplay in the United States, where it was shipped to modern rock and dance stations in February 1997. After the song was used in the 1997 American film The Saint, radio stations began playing "6 Underground" more frequently. The single was re-released in May 1997, when it peaked at number nine on the UK Singles Chart. In the United States, the song peaked at number 45 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at number seven on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.

Paragraph 19: On 1 August 2016, U.S. crewed and uncrewed aircraft carried out airstrikes on ISIL targets in Libya, responding to the U.N.-backed government's request to help push the militants from their former stronghold of Sirte (where several hundred ISIL fighters remained), in what U.S. officials described as the start of a sustained campaign against the extremist group in the city. President Barack Obama authorized the airstrikes after a recommendation by U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter; the strikes hit an ISIL tank and two vehicles that posed a threat to forces aligned with Libyan GNA (Government of National Accord). This was the third U.S. air strike against ISIL militants in Libya, but this time U.S. officials said it marked the start of a sustained air campaign rather than another isolated strike, U.S. airstrikes would continue to target ISIL in Sirte in order to enable the GNA to make a decisive, strategic advance. United States Africa Command (AFRICOM) oversaw the US effort, which was known as Operation Odyssey Lightning. AV-8B Harrier IIs assigned to the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit (22nd MEU) flying off  conducted the airstrikes and uncrewed aircraft launched from undisclosed locations. Airstrikes continued, on 2 August, airstrikes hit a rocket launcher, an excavator and a pickup truck with a mounted recoilless rifle and on 3 August airstrikes struck a pickup truck with a mounted recoilless rifle; by 9 August the U.S. conducted 28 strikes against ISIL in Libya, with more than half of the strikes being conducted from uncrewed aircraft. By 16 August, U.S. airstrikes hit an ISIL vehicle and 4 militant positions in Sirte, bringing the number of U.S. airstrikes in Libya to 48. On 17 August, U.S. Africa Command officials announced on 16 August airstrikes on ISIL targets in Sirte struck 7 enemy fighting positions, 4 vehicle-borne bombs, 1 pickup truck with a mounted recoilless rifle, 12 enemy fighting positions and 1 command-and-control vehicle, bringing the total number of airstrikes in support of Operation Odyssey Lightning to 57. On 22 August, Stars and Stripes reported that U.S. Marine AH-1W SuperCobra helicopters participated in strikes against ISIL militants in Sirte on 20 and 21 August; a small detachment of U.S. special forces in Sirte provided most of the targeting information for the airstrikes which were then relayed to U.S. forces through Libyan government troops. On 31 August, Stars and Stripes reported that the U.S. military conducted 104 airstrikes against ISIL targets in Libya in August.

Paragraph 20: The relationship between theology and philosophy has been long-debated and discussed with the Christian tradition. Tertullian, an influential early Christian theologian and apologist, believed that philosophy has little to do with theology, arguing that the use of philosophy often corrupted theology, leading to unorthodox beliefs that were not grounded in the early Christian tradition. He famously asked the question 'What has Athens to do with Jerusalem?'. (Athens symbolized the philosophical approach because of its role as a leading center of Hellenistic philosophy, while Jerusalem represented Christianity because of its role as an important location and intellectual centre in the early church.) Other leaders, however, saw a closer relationship between philosophy and theology. Justin Martyr looked at people like Heraclitus and Socrates as possessing the divine light of revelation and believed them to be true philosophers. Justin saw Christianity as the True Philosophy and argued for Christianity using philosophical methods and terminology. St. Augustine, who became one of the most influential theologians in history and whose works laid the foundation for much of Western philosophy (as well as much of Western theology), espoused a more middle-of-the-road, moderate approach, arguing that philosophy and theology often complement each other while at the same time cautioning that philosophy should not always be used in theological discourse. Instead, he argued, one should make sure that a philosophical approach toward a particular issue was grounded in prior Christian commitments.

Paragraph 21: Born in Edmonton, Alberta, Dubé began playing piano at the age of 3 and played in public at age 4. A child prodigy, he won a Steinway piano at the age of 9 during the national competition "Jeunes Prodiges Mozart à  Paris". The same year, he played as a soloist at the Maison de la Radio with the Radio France Philharmonic Orchestra, live on France Musique. His discography already includes thirty recordings including twenty CDs, especially with  Syrius, Bnl and Naxos labels  in addition to several DVDs of concertos for French television and other foreign radio and television networks. Very comfortable in all repertoires, including those for the  left hand alone, he is one of the few pianists in the world able to play Ligeti's piano concerto and to give in a single recital the "Vingts Regards sur l’Enfant Jésus "of Messiaen. He likes to associate other arts with music (painting, sculpture, cinema, literature) and give themed recitals (bells, birds, love, dance, water and gardens ...). His interpretation of the Turangalîlâ was the best show of the year in 2000 in Riga and that of Liszt's 2nd Hungarian Rhapsody won in 2002 the fastest replay in the history of Radio Chicago (WFMT station).Unanimous  First Prize of the National Conservatory of Paris( Perfectionnement) at  the age of 14 under Jacques Rouvier, he studied with Jacqueline Robin, Catherine Collard and with John O'Conor in Dublin, thanks to a full year Yvonne Lefébure scholarship. Winner of the European Piano Competition Ouistreham Riva 2009, which also awarded him the Chopin Association Prize in Nohant, he also won the First Grand Prix unanimously and the Public Prize at the Franz Liszt Competition in Utrecht 2002 as well as other international competitions (Francis Poulenc, Bucharest, Messiaen, Bourse Yvonne Lefébure Orléans XXth Century). Invited as a member of the jury of international competitions (Pinerolo 2004, Poulenc 2008, Chang Chun 2009, Franz Liszt Utrecht 2019), he also gives master classes (Finland, Hungary, Netherlands, Ecuador, Ethiopia, South Africa, China, Malta ...). He plays on all continents as a soloist, chamber music groups and with many large orchestras. He has just recorded the Liszt Sonata in addition to  a CD dedicated to  Native American Indian music for the Syrius label. He collaborates on a  regular basis with Julia Le Brun, ( a lecturer and opera specialist, www.levoyagelyrique.com)and is one of the Concertino artistic directors. ( www.concertino.fr).

Paragraph 22: As New England's urban, industrial economy transformed from the beginning of the early national period (~1790) to the middle of the nineteenth century, so too did its agricultural economy. At the beginning of this period, when the United States was just emerging from its colonial past, the agricultural landscape of New England was defined overwhelmingly by subsistence farming.  The primary crops produced were wheat, barley, rye, oats, turnips, parsnips, carrots, onions, cucumbers, beets, corn, beans, pumpkins, squashes, and melons.  Because there was not a sufficiently large New England-based home market for agricultural products due to the absence of a large nonagricultural population, New England farmers, by and large, had no incentive to commercialize their farms.  Thus, as farmers could not find very many markets nearby to sell to, they generally could not earn enough income with which to buy many new products for themselves. This not only meant that farmers would largely produce their own food, but also that they tended to produce their own furniture, clothing, and soap, among other household items.  Hence, according to historian Percy Bidwell, at the onset of the early national period, much of the New England agricultural economy was characterized by a “lack of exchange; lack of differentiation of employments or division of labor; the absence of progress in agricultural methods; a relatively low standard of living; emigration and social stagnation.”  As Bidwell writes, the farming in New England at this time was “practically uniform” with many farmers distributing their land “in about the same proportions into pasturage, woodland, and tillage, and raised about the same crops and kept about the same kind and quantity of stock” as other farmers.  This situation would, however, be radically different by 1850, by which time a highly specialized agricultural economy producing a host of new and differentiated products had emerged. Two factors were primarily responsible for the revolutionary changes in the agricultural economy of New England during the period from 1790 to 1850: (1) The rise of the manufacturing industry in New England (industrialization), and (2) agricultural competition from the western states.

Paragraph 23: Hanson's best-known work is Patterns of Discovery (1958), in which he argues that what we see and perceive is not what our senses receive, but is instead filtered sensory information, where the filter is our existing preconceptions – a concept later called a 'thematic framework.' He cited optical illusions such as the famous old Parisienne woman (Patterns of Discovery, p. 11), which can be seen in different ways. Hanson drew a distinction between 'seeing as' and 'seeing that' which became a key idea in evolving theories of perception and meaning. He wanted to formulate a logic explaining how scientific discoveries take place. He used Charles Sanders Peirce's notion of abduction for this.

Paragraph 24: HMAS Maroubra (FY.40/MR) was an auxiliary powered cutter built for Hayles Magnetic Island Pty Ltd of Townsville. She was built for the Northern Territory coastal trade, and launched in 1930 by Norman Wright in Brisbane. She sailed from Townsville for Darwin in July 1930 via Cooktown and Thursday Island, where her skipper for the first leg, Captain R Hall handed her over to Captain Henry Lawson. Maroubra reached Darwin at 3 am on 25July. Captain Lawson formerly of the State Shipping Service, reported very stormy weather outside much rougher than was usually expected at that time of the year. During the trip the future operator of the vessel, and family member Jack Hayles, crushed his fingers badly in attending to the engine, and has had to have three fingers amputated, the accident was due to the unusually rough weather. Maroubra was the third vessel used by Hayles Magnetic Island Ltd in the shipping contract from Darwin to the Victoria and the Daly Rivers, and replaced Maree which, in turn replaced Magneta. With the threat of war looming Maroubra was chartered by the Australian Petroleum Company Ltd in January 1938 to convey about 4,500 gallons of aviation fuel to bases established for the patrol boat Larrakia in Arnhem Land. The petrol was held in readiness at Golburn Islands, Mllingimbi, Elcho Island and Yirkalla. Maroubra was the largest boat trading along the northern coast and was usually engaged chiefly in the transport of buffalo hides to Darwin from shooters camps on the banks of the larger rivers. No other boat in Darwin would hazard the long voyage to East Arnhem Land at that time of the year. At the same time she continued the work of supply and relief of police officers at their remote outposts.  Maroubra was requisitioned for the RAN, from Australian Petroleum, on 20 March 1942. She was commissioned as HMAS Maroubra on the 21 September 1942 for military service as a patrol boat, auxiliary minesweeper, diving and stores transporter; operating between the ports of Cairns, Townsville, Thursday Island and Darwin.  Under naval control her duties didn't change much, she still supplied the same remote outposts along with newly established military bases. On 10 May 1943 Maroubra was lying at Millingimbi in Arnhem Land when she was  strafed by nine Imperial Japanese Navy Mitsubishi A6M Zero fighters at Millingimbi, Northern Territory on 10 May 1943. She caught fire and sank or drifted ashore.

Paragraph 25: According to Spence, "I received a phone call, in which NFL Films claimed my music had been 'stolen' and used in a pornographic film called Deep Throat (released on June 12, 1972 in the U.S.). They would send me a paper to sign to the effect that NFL Films was empowered to protect the music in a court of law. In all sincerity, I did not see a possible 'plot' here at all. However, I unwittingly 'punctured their balloon' by explaining that they didn't have to bother with this at all because GEMA (a German state-authorized performance rights organization) would protect my music and legally proceed after anyone who used it without permission." As Klein reported, "soon afterwards, GEMA sent Spence a video copy of the film and asked him to make a list of "where and how long" his music appeared in it. Thus, the composer dutifully watched the film in order to find possible fragments of his music in it. Yet, the outcome was unexpected." In Spence's own words: "I was surprised to find not one note of my music in the film. Naïve, trusting person that I was, it never dawned on me it could possibly be a hoax to get me to sign a forthcoming document." According to Spence, "the next 'trick' came several months later. I received a phone call in which I was told that NFL Films had a court case in two days against someone who had illegally used some of my music. Their lawyer had sent me a paper via Federal Express, which they said would be arriving shortly (in that same afternoon) for my signature. After signed, the FedEx courier would immediately send it back to them so they would have it in time for the court case." According to Klein's report, the composer received the paper in the afternoon and read it but, in Spence's words, "after reading the paper, I called them and said that I could not sign a document with that wording. But they assured me that as soon as the case was over, they would send it back to me." Still unsuspecting, and trusting in the company's words, Spence signed the document and sent it to NFL Films. He never got the paper back and, to this day, the late composer's family is not receiving royalties for the many uses of Spence's music in American television shows and commercials.

Paragraph 26: For marching band, schools compete against other schools in the same UIL conference. The 33 regions are grouped into nine areas (named A-I) for Conferences 5A and 6A, and five areas (A-E) for Conference 4A and down. All schools of all conferences compete in region and area competition annually, as a fall semester activity. However, in even-numbered years schools in Conferences 2A, 4A, and 6A can advance from region to area and state, and in odd-numbered years schools from Conferences 3A and 5A can advance from region to area and state, in addition to schools in Conference 1A may advance from region to state (There are no Area contests for Conference 1A, only for 2A and up). In order for bands to advance from Region to Area, they need to get an overall Division 1 from at least two Region judges, whether it be a 1-2-1, 2-1-1, 1-1-2, etc... the bands then will advance to the Area Competition. In order to make State, the band needs to make it to the Area Final competition AND make it to the top 3 bands (or 20% of all participating area bands if 20 or more bands are competing) to get to State. The Area and State champion is the school with the lowest ordinal score when the rankings from each judge are tabulated. For example, School 1 receives a first place score from three judges, a second place score from the fourth judge, and a fourth place score from the fifth judge. The ordinal score for School 1 is 9 (1+1+1+2+4). School 2 receives two first place scores and three second place scores. The ordinal score for School 2 is 8 (2+2+2+1+1). School 2 would be the champion despite receiving fewer first place scores because School 2's ordinal score is lower than School 1's. Thus, overall placement in the caption area for each judge is more important than the raw score awarded by the judge.

Paragraph 27: In its heyday, Dalymount Park, or "Dalyer" as it is popularly known, regularly saw crowds of up to 40,000 for big games, however, whether it was ever able to accommodate this number of spectators safely is open to question. The stadium consisted of three sides of open terracing, one side the "Shed End" or "School End" being partly covered with a roof over half the terrace since 1945. The fourth side was the main stand, which held only 1500 seats. The stand was constructed in 1928 from iron and wood, with wooden benches and terraced standing room at the front. The floodlights that adorn Dalymount Park once thought to have stood at Arsenal's old stadium, were in fact built in Scotland. The lights were funded through what we would now refer to as crowd funding and inviting some of the bigger teams over. Initial notices suggested that the lights would be in place by September 1961, which was then extended to October and ultimately until February of 1962. In the words of Club Secretary Andy Kettle, as quoted by Ryan Clarke in his recent series on Dalymount, it also meant that Bohs could “invite many top clubs to Dublin from time to time”.

Paragraph 28: Chapter 30, "Toward a Theory of Strategy for Liberty", argues that the quest to achieve liberty should be motivated by a conception of natural-rights justice, rather than utility. Rothbard discusses the strategic stance that a libertarian should take in a world where states still exist, and how to push society towards greater liberty. He argues that while the ultimate goal of the libertarian is the immediate abolition of the state as an organized engine of aggression, transitional demands and steps towards liberty in practice are necessary. However, these transitional demands should never contradict the ultimate goal of liberty. For example, a demand for a 10% reduction in the government budget each year for ten years, after which the government will disappear, may have heuristic or strategic value, but it should never imply that any faster pace towards cutting the budget would be wrong. Similarly, the idea of a comprehensive planned program towards liberty is flawed, as it implies that the state is not the enemy of mankind and that it is desirable to use the state to engineer a measured pace towards liberty. The insight that the state is the permanent enemy of mankind leads to a different strategic outlook, where libertarians push for and accept any reduction of state power or activity on any front. Rothbard argues that the reduction or abolition of a tax is always a non-contradictory reduction of state power and a step towards liberty, but its replacement by a new or increased tax elsewhere does just the opposite, for it signifies a new and additional imposition of the state on some other front. The imposition of a new tax is a means that contradicts the libertarian goal itself. Finally, Rothbard states that while the libertarian may set priorities and concentrate his energy on political issues that he deems most important, he must use his strategic intelligence and knowledge of the issues of the day to set his priorities of political importance.

Paragraph 29: The Swedish Army left Saxony on August 1707 to march east towards Russian territory. The army was largely newly recruited and well-equipped, numbering about 40,000 men. Rehnskiöld acted as Field Marshal and stood closest to the King at its high command. Rehnskiöld and the army command were unaware of Charles XII's plans for the campaign, which the King kept to himself, but agreed upon a preliminary march towards Russia's capital Moscow, where Peter I had gathered most of his forces. Charles XII ordered the commander of the "Army of Courland" in the Baltic provinces, General Adam Ludwig Lewenhaupt, to join the main army in the march against Moscow. Lewenhaupt and the Army of Courland were also tasked with obtaining supplies and wagons for onward transport to the Swedish main army. Awaiting Lewenhaupt's troops, the main army advanced slowly towards the Russian border. At the end of January 1708, they arrived at Grodno, which was occupied by 9,000 men of Peter I's army. Charles XII and Rehnskiöld attacked with 800 cavalry units, and the Russian troops withdrew after a short but fierce battle. Later in the evening, Russian troops sneaked into the city to surprise the Swedes; Rehnskiöld ended up in the middle of the attacking troops, but was not recognized because of the dark sky and managed to get to safety. The attack was repelled, and the Russians were forced to retreat. Later in the year, during the crossing of the Vabitj River at the town of Holowczyn in July 1708, the Swedish vanguard encountered a Russian army in fortified positions on the opposite shore. In the battle of Holowczyn, Charles XII commanded the infantry while Rehnskiöld commanded the cavalry. The Russian troops under Field Marshal Boris Sheremetev and Prince Alexander Danilovich Menshikov were pushed back after eight hours of struggle; however the Russian Army managed to escape mostly intact so the battle was not a decisive strategic victory.

Paragraph 30: Totenkopf was initially held in reserve during the Battle of France and invasion of the Low Countries in May 1940. The division was committed on 16 May to the front in Belgium. Later, it was decided that Totenkopf would reinforce the breakthrough of Erwin Rommel’s 7th Panzer Division in the Cambrai area. Reaching the Bazuel area straddling both sides of the river it arrived on the front on 19 May, facing elements of the French 1st Moroccan Infantry Division, 5th North African Infantry Division, and 9th Motorized Division. Totenkopf suffered 16 dead and 53 wounded while killing 200 Moroccan soldiers in its first day in action. In its first major battle it captured the town of Catillon-sur-Sambre and its associated canal in fierce house-to-house fighting, blocking the exits of the town and trapping the Moroccan force in the center around the market square, eventually captured thousands of remaining troops. Soldiers from Totenkopf executed many captured Moroccans, due to Arabs being considered "racially inferior". On the morning of the next day, May 20 it contained a major Moroccan counter attack near Ribeauville, driving it back with its own counter attack, before crossing the Selle river and linking up with Rommel’s division in the outskirts of Cambrai. Overall in the actions around the Cambrai/Sambre area the division captured 16,000 troops.