Paragraph 1: From the initial founding of Funchal, the island of Madeira was peppered with small settlements along the coasts near access to the sea. The settlement that would later take on the name of Santa Maria Maior developed spontaneously from the first homes constructed in 1425. This agglomeration extended from Ribeira do João Gomes until Corpo Santo, along the beachfront, and concentrated around a small temple constructed to the invocation of Santa Maria, or Santa Maria do Calhau as it was briefly known. Santa Maria do Calhau, constructed in 1430, served the congregations east of the bay of Funchal, and was also known as Nossa Senhora da Conceição de Baixo (), or simply Santa Maria Maior. The chapel was the seat of the parish of Santa Maria Maior until 1508, when the Church of the Sé Catedral was completed, and the parishioners were obligated to transfer there for services. Santa Maria Maior was the first parish to be instituted in Funchal. Its name was given, as some historians believe, because it was constructed in larger proportions than the chapel consecrated in the name of Nossa Senhora da Conceição ordered built by João Gonçalves Zarco (on the present site of the Church of Santa Clara).  Zarco's chapel was known as Nossa Senhora da Conceição de Cima (meaning, geographically, top for its location), in opposition to Nossa Senhora da Conceição de Baixo (which means "bottom"), but referred to as Nossa Senhora do Calhau, because it was built on the coast (calhau is Portuguese for rock-covered beaches, typical of the Azores and Madeira).

Paragraph 2: In the following years, that swagger was rewarded as the fortunes of the city's teams improved. The Cubs and the White Sox both made the playoffs for the first time in decades, the National Basketball Association's Bulls drafted Michael Jordan and in 1985 the Bears capped a 15-1 regular season with victory in Super Bowl XX. Smigel began conceiving of characters based on that sort of fan, and the line "Da Bears!", but could not imagine a setting that would work. He told an improv classmate, Bob Odenkirk, a native of nearby Naperville, about his idea, and Odenkirk reminded him to include the slight hiss with which the word ends when pronounced with a strong enough Chicago accent, something only natives of the area would appreciate.

Paragraph 3: Pangenesis was Darwin's attempt to provide such a mechanism of inheritance. The idea was that each part of the parent's body emitted tiny particles called gemmules, which migrated through the body to contribute to that parent's gametes, their eggs or sperms. The theory had an intuitive appeal, as characteristics of all parts of the body, such as shape of nose, width of shoulders and length of legs are inherited from both the father and the mother. However, it had some serious weaknesses. Firstly, many characteristics can change during an individual's lifetime, and are affected by the environment: blacksmiths can develop strong arm muscles during their work, so the gemmules from these muscles ought to carry this acquired characteristic. That implies the Lamarckian inheritance of acquired characteristics. Secondly, the fact that the gemmules were supposed to mix together on fertilisation implies blending inheritance, namely that the offspring would all be intermediate between the father and the mother in every characteristic. That directly contradicts the observed facts of inheritance, not least that children are usually either male or female rather than all intersex, and that traits such as flower colour often re-emerge after a generation, even when they seem to disappear when two varieties are crossed. Darwin was aware of both these objections, and accordingly had strong doubts about blending inheritance, as evidenced in his private correspondence. In a letter to T.H. Huxley, dated November 12, 1857, Darwin wrote:

Paragraph 4: Kohlberg joined Bear Stearns in 1955 where he would go on to manage the corporate finance department.  Working for Bear Stearns in the late 1960s and early 1970s, Kohlberg, alongside Bear Stearns executives began advising a series of what they described as "bootstrap" investments.  Their acquisition of Orkin Exterminating Company in 1964 is considered to have been among the first significant leveraged buyout transactions. In the following years the three Bear Stearns bankers would complete a series of buyouts including Stern Metals (1965), Incom (a division of Rockwood International, 1971), Cobblers Industries (1971), and Boren Clay (1973) as well as Thompson Wire, Eagle Motors and Barrows through their investment in Stern Metals.  Although they had a number of highly successful investments, the $27 million investment in Cobblers ended in bankruptcy.  Kravis and his associates created a series of limited partnerships to acquire these various corporations, ones they judged were performing well below their sales and profit potential or where there were untapped financial assets that could be monetized.  In most cases, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co put up ten percent of the acquisition price from its own funds and borrowed the rest from investors by issuing high-yield bonds.

Paragraph 5: McGinley was raised in Rathfarnham and was educated at St Mary's BNS and Coláiste Éanna. His father Mick — who is from Dunfanaghy — played Gaelic football for Donegal, while his mother Julia comes from Rathmullan. McGinley himself was born in Dublin and studied at Dublin Institute of Technology. After his knee injury McGinley turned his full attention to golf. McGinley later said that when he played golf as part of a team it helped to raise his game to another level. He credited his experience of Gaelic football for his passion for team sports and suggested it played a part in why he was appointed European captain for the 2014 Ryder Cup.

Paragraph 6: The issue begins in a dream of Spaceboy's illustrating "a perfect life" by being married to The Rumor and having chimpanzee children. Spaceboy is bewildered when there is a sudden flash. Seconds later, his surroundings and "perfect life" are burnt to ash. The Monocle appears and asks if Spaceboy really thought it would "all turn out all right". Spaceboy wakes up and the story proceeds to Hazel and Cha-Cha's hideaway where Agnes has taken off the shoes (out of respect) of The Séance (leaving him open to use his powers). Hazel and Cha-Cha enter the room where Seance (presumed dead by the duo), a useless Spaceboy, and Agnes are held and reveal to have with them the nuclear explosive codes which Kennedy had given to Hargreeves 17 years ago. The duo activates the codes, only to discover that it has a timer. Seconds later, Cha-Cha pulls out a gun and blasts Hazel's brains out before pulling the trigger on himself. It's revealed that Séance (with God's help) has returned from the dead and that he had possessed Cha-Cha and at the same time disarmed the codes. Meanwhile, at the Perseus Building, the spoiled son of corporate millionaire (Mr. Perseus) is arguing with the board of his corporation on what to do with the fortune that has recently come into his possession. To one of the board member's dismay, he proposes that they invest the money on some experiments and that anyone who tries to get in his way will be killed. The story proceeds to the Corrections Department of The Office At The End Of Time, where Carmichael is discussing tactics to the Temps Aeternalis on how they're to finish the job of assassinating John F. Kennedy which the older Number Five had failed to do. Carmichael reveals the younger Number Five in the front of the room to which Number Five responds not to bother and that the only reason they aren't dead already is that he has decided to help. Later that night, Seance, Spaceboy, and Kraken meet back at the Umbrella Academy where Séance appears to be digging up Pogo's grave. It's revealed that Pogo wasn't buried under his memorial, but rather a Temps Aeternalis agent who tells them (through Séance) that Number Five is planning to go back to 1963, Dallas, to assassinate JFK, which angers Kraken. Séance, Kraken, and Spaceboy use the dead agent's time machine to go back in time. Meanwhile, back in Hazel and Cha-Cha's Hideaway, Body (Inspector Lupo's chimpanzee partner) and a handful of officers are tending to Agnes. Body then hears a beeping sound; Agnes tells him it is the nuclear detonator, ending Chapter Four (and the world).

Paragraph 7: With the album ready to be mixed, Yello decided to try the new digital mixing process instead of the standard analogue process, and in August 1984 they visited Hartmann Digital Studio in Untertrubach Germany where engineer Tom Thiel began mixing the album. However, Yello abruptly cancelled the sessions after just ten days, unhappy with the sound of the album. Meier explained that the duo felt that the songs were losing their soul, saying, "Getting technically more experienced was leading us onto a slick perfectionist track. We even went to a German digital studio to do the most perfect remixes on a digital machine with the SSL Desk and the rest of it. And we had to learn, a difficult process for us, that perfection is just a way to escape from having nothing to say... With Stella we were being dragged down by an excess of perfection." Blank later said, "All the balances were wrong and the dynamic was lost, so I did lots of remixes again in Zurich to save this album". The group returned to their studios in Zurich and Blank started the process of remixing the tracks himself, with the exception of "Desert Inn" which he felt was acceptable as it was, "Blue Nabou" which the duo had already decided would not appear on the album and hence there was no urgency to improve it, and "Angel No" because Blank did not have time to mix it to the standard that he wanted. With the delay in mixing, the album's provisional release date of 1 October 1984 could not be met, and in order to avoid being lost among the Christmas releases, a new release date in January 1985 was set.

Paragraph 8: At Rentschler Field for the finale of a three-game homestand the Huskies  were the favorite against the rival Rutgers. Uconn started the game with a blocked Jeremy Ito punt by quarterback, turned wide receiver D.J. Hernandez which went for a safety. After the punt, Uconn progressed to drive down the field as junior college transfer Tyler Lorenzen hit Steve Brouse on a short two yard out route in the endzone. Tony Ciaravino missed the extra point making the score 8-0 Uconn. Rutgers came right back with a Ray Rice 45-yard run and eventually an Ito 30-yard field goal making the score 8-3. Tyvon Branch came back with a 48-yard return and Ciaravino hit a 44-yard field goal increasing the lead to 11-3. Uconn had good field possession late in the first quarter and Lorenzen hooked up with wide out Terrence Jeffers for 34 yards. Rutgers preceded to march down with a long drive ending with another Ito field goal in the second quarter. On the kickoff, Tyvon Branch took the ball to the outside juking in and then speeding to the outside of Ito for a 97-yard return. Rutgers drove again ending with a Ray Rice 4-yard touchdown run. After a Uconn punt Rutgers ended the half with another Ito field goal. In the third quarter Ito hit another field goal from 27 yards after multiple punts from both teams. Uconn drove again and with Andre Dixon out of the game, the ball was handed to sophomore Donald Brown who found a large hole on the right side and took it for a 33-yard touchdown. After a missed Ito field goal Ciaravino came back with a 30 yarder of his own. After a Rutgers punt Ciaravino hit another field goal this one from 26 yards. After Rutgers drove to the Uconn 35, with 8:17 to go in the 4th Quarter Rutgers failed on a fourth and four. After a Desi Cullen punt for Uconn, a Robert McClain interception of Mike Teel, and another Cullen punt. Teel drove again and at one point completed 6 passes in a row until time ran out. This win gave Uconn an 8-1 record and Donald Brown came off the bench and ran for 154 yards and a touchdown. Ray Rice was held to less than 30 yards in the second half and Tyvon Branch was subsequently named Big East special teams player of the week.

Paragraph 9: This episode may contain the highest amount of cultural references in a single airing, many of which are in rapid succession in the first half. In the beginning of the episode, when they are in Joe's home theater, Joe appears rolling across the ground in a parody of the 1984-1993 TriStar Pictures logo. The television show that Peter and Lois watch entitled Fast Talking High Trousers, which parodied 1940s films, was conceived by Wellesley Wild. The episode's title and plot references the horror film Poltergeist. The episode references the finale of the NBC sitcom Friends and its sequel Joey, also referencing the cancellation of Joey. To cheer himself up, Stewie at one point imagines himself on the show Jackass. In one scene, Chris is frightened by Ronald McDonald, and is saved from an evil tree by Herbert, who fights the tree in a The Lord of the Rings-style battle. When Peter is clawing at his face, he transforms into Hank Hill from King of the Hill. While trapped inside the spirit world, Stewie learns he can communicate through the TV, and he sings the second verse of the Phil Collins song "In the Air Tonight" with the same fuzzy reverb vocal effect used in the recorded song. While shooting golf balls through the portal, Peter remarks "we are going to get those terrorists, now watch this drive." A reference to a televised interview on a golf course in which President George W. Bush said the same thing before hitting a ball. Peter also references Bugs Bunny by sticking his head out of Meg's butt and claiming he took a wrong turn at Albuquerque. The scene of Peter taking the TV back in and putting Meg out referenced the end of the original film Poltergeist, where the family's father removes the television set after the family flees to a motel room. JAG is also shown, commenting how the show has run its course, the last episode of the series having aired on April 29, 2005. When the Griffin family approaches Carrot Top's mansion, the theme from Back to the Future is used. A cutaway gag refers the Dick Cheney hunting accident, which Cheney shooting down Peter multiple times, afterwards claiming he thought he was a deer. While feeding the skull, Peter says, "Want some more Peas Chief Diamond Phillips", a reference to Actor Lou Diamond Phillips who is part Cherokee Indian. Towards the end of the episode, Stewie mentions that he met Jesus and he was Chinese with the last name Hong. This could possibly be a reference to the Taiping Rebellion, which was led by a man who believed himself to be the brother of Jesus with the name Hong.

Paragraph 10: The first organized opposition to new religions in the United States appeared in 1971 with the formation of FREECOG (Parents Committee to Free Our Sons and Daughters from the Children of God). In 1973 FREECOG renamed itself as the Volunteer Parents of America, and then the Citizens Freedom Foundation (CFF), before becoming the Cult Awareness Network (CAN) in 1984. In 1979 another anti-cult group, the American Family Foundation (AFF) was founded (which is now the International Cultic Studies Association); it began organizing annual conferences, launched an information phone-line, and published the Cult Observer and the Cultic Studies Journal. In 1996 CAN was sued for its involvement in the deprogramming of a member of the United Pentecostal Church International named Jason Scott. Other parties joined the lawsuit, and this bankrupted the organization. A group which included a number of Scientologists purchased the "Cult Awareness Network" name and formed the "New Cult Awareness Network." In the 1970s and 1980s American anti-cultist and deprogrammer Ted Patrick was charged at least thirteen times and convicted at least three times for kidnapping and unlawful imprisonment for his deprogramming activities. In 1980, Patrick was convicted of "conspiracy, false imprisonment and kidnapping" of Roberta McElfish, a waitress in Tucson, Arizona, after accepting US$7,500 from her family to deprogram her.

Paragraph 11: The United Kingdom has a comprehensive child welfare system under which local authorities have duties and responsibilities towards children in need in their area. This covers provision of advice and services, accommodation and care of children who become uncared for, and also the capacity to initiate proceedings for the removal of children from their parents care/care proceedings. The criteria for the latter is "significant harm" which covers physical, sexual and emotional abuse and neglect. In appropriate cases the care plan before the court will be for adoption. The local authorities also run adoption services both for children put up for adoption voluntarily and those becoming available for adoption through court proceedings. The basic legal principle in all public and private proceedings concerning children, under the Children Act 1989, is that the welfare of the child is paramount. In recognition of attachment issues, social work good practice requires a minimal number of moves and the 1989 Children Act enshrines the principle that delay is inimical to a child's welfare. Care proceedings have a time frame of 26 weeks (although capable of extension under certain circumstances) and concurrent planning is required. The final care plan put forward by the local authority is required to provide a plan for permanence, whether with parents, family members, long-term foster parents or adopters. The court routinely joins children as parties to their own care proceedings, and their best interests are explored and advanced by children's guardians, independent social workers who specialise in representation of children in proceedings. It is a feature of care proceedings that judges of all levels are expected to adhere to the recommendations of the children's guardian unless there are cogent reasons not to. Nevertheless, "drift" and multiple placements still occur as many older children are difficult to place or maintain in placements. The role of independent visitor, a voluntary post, was created in the United Kingdom under the 1989 Children Act to befriend and assist children and young people in care.

Paragraph 12: Rachel Maleman (Meredith Monroe) is an event planner at a hotel in Philadelphia. She previously dated her co-worker John Anderson (Brett Watson), however, she broke off their 3-year relationship after he got drunk and cheated on her at a work convention. She also works alongside her roommate/best friend, Laura (Krista Morin). Rachel begins online dating and meets Craig Miller (Jason Gray-Stanford), a wealthy businessman who runs his mother's real estate company. The two start going on dates where Craig charms Rachel with his extravagant gestures and playful personality, however, John still has feelings for Rachel. Despite Rachel concealing her new boyfriend from John, he finds out since he saw them at the hotel bar together, along with other clues like Craig sending Rachel a bouquet of her favorite flowers. John reveals this knowledge during an early dinner with Rachel where he again genuinely implores her to take him back, which Rachel tells him she'll consider. Rachel had lied to Craig about the dinner, but he was suspicious and spied on her, also escalating to stalking her outside her house and having his tech guy bug Rachel's computer so he can monitor her emails. Overcome with jealousy, Craig sends his brother Ryan (Damon Runyan) to kill John, telling him John is a friend of his ex-girlfriend's out to ruin them. A private investigator named Jerry Berman (Bill Lake) is hired by the father of one of Craig's ex-girlfriends, Dominique (Allison Brennan), who went missing. She was murdered by Craig when she told him that she was pregnant. He investigates another woman that Craig dated, Melissa (Sophie Gendron); she was assaulted by Craig, and he paid her to drop the charges against him and tell the authorities she lied about Craig hitting her. After dating Rachel for a while with John out of the picture, Craig proposes to her. While wedding dress shopping, Craig stops by the boutique and picks out/purchases the dress he wants Rachel to wear, ignoring her and Laura's opinions. Craig also asks his fiancée to move in with him, quit her job, and start her own event planning business under him, so that he can spend more time with her. Jerry stops by Rachel's office and fills her in about Craig's ex-girlfriends, but when she raises these concerns to Craig, he only acts dismissive and claims that people always lie about his family to get money out of them. After calling various resources and discussing matters with Laura, Rachel becomes uncertain about marrying Craig and confronts him about all he's been hiding. They get into an argument and when Rachel says she wants a break from Craig, he tackles her to the bed and handcuffs her to it for the night. The next morning, Ryan stops by to drop off Rachel's dress and she screams for him to help, but Craig ushers him out of the bedroom to explain himself. Ryan tries to talk Craig out of the plot, but soon gets fed up and leaves, telling his brother to handle his own mess. Craig then explains to Rachel that she must call her boss and quit, because they're immediately getting married at a courthouse and then flying to Belize. He says if she tries to run or get help in any way, he will kill Laura (who was revealed to be pregnant by an ex-boyfriend) and make it look like an accident. He also makes Rachel abandon her dog, Cody, at the side of the road - he is soon rescued whilst Rachel and Craig are wed at the courthouse. A veterinarian calls Laura about Cody being found, which confuses her since when Rachel called her, she claimed she and Craig were bringing Cody on their sudden honeymoon. Due to her suspicions, she tells Jerry about what's happened. Ryan, who was drowning in guilt after killing John, tells Jerry about Craig's plans. With reinforcements close behind, Jerry confronts Craig at his airport with a gun aimed at him, but Craig grabs Rachel and points a gun at her. During the stand-off, Rachel elbows Craig and manages to escape his grasp, with Jerry shooting him several times. He dies and Rachel tearfully removes her ring. About a year later, Rachel, Laura, Cody and Laura's young daughter are peacefully enjoying their time at a park.

Paragraph 13: Jagame Maya (1973)ChandeeDorababu as ShankarJyothi (1976) as ShankaraMaa Daivam (1976)Vadhu Varulu (1976)Swami Drohulu (1976)Kurukshetram (1977) as DushasanaPremalekhalu (1977)Indra Dhanussu (1977)Devathalara Deevinchandi (1977)Kalpana (1977) as SeshuDongala Dopidi (1978)Simha garjana (1978)Dudu Basavanna (1978) as KotaiahKumara Raja (1978)Karunamayudu (1978) as Saint JohnShri Rama Raksha (1978)Athani Kante Ghanudu (1978)Naa Illu Naa Vaalu (1979)Swami Drohulu (1979)Karm Veer (1980)Kiladi Krishnudu (1980) as KishoreAdrushtavanthudu (1980)Erra Mallelu (1981)Ooriki Ichina Maata (1981)Sawaal (1982)Nivuru Gappina Nippu (1982)Naa Desam (1982) as KumarBangaru Bhoomi (1982)Gruha Pravesam (1982)Kalavari Samsaram (1982) as RaghuShakti (1983) as GiriMundadugu (1983)Dharma Poratam (1983) as BhaskarAdavi Simhalu (1983)Mugguru Monagallu (1983)Rustum (1984)Merupu Daadi (1984) as GandaduSrimathi Kaavali (1984)Mahanagaramlo Mayagadu (1984)Inti Guttu (1984)Muchataga Mugguru (1985)Surya Chandra (1985)Maha Manishi (1985)Jackie (1985)Ranarangam (1985)Edadugula Bandham (1985)Vijetha (1985) as Narasimham's third sonSimhasanam (1986) as Ugra Rahu Army chief of AvanthiUgra Narasimham (1986) as GiriJayam Manade (1986)Khaidi Rudraiah (1986) as Venkatagiri "Giri"Dongodochadu (1987)Pasivadi Pranam (1987)Thene Manasulu (1987)Muddayi (1987)Sankharam (1987) as UdayDonga Garu Swagatham (1987)Chuttalabbayi (1988)Mugguru Kodukulu (1988) as Ranga RaoChikkadu Dorakadu (1988) as Chinnodu SivamGoonda Rajyam (1989)Gudachari 117 (1989) as GookarnamSahasame Naa Oopiri (1989)Ajatha Satruvu (1989)Bala Gopaludu (1989)Ajatha Satruvu (1989) as SivaramKoduku Diddina Kapuram (1989) as KondaiahAthaku Yamudu Ammayiki Mogudu (1989)Anna Thammudu (1990) as SeshagiriPrema Yuddham (1990)Nirnayam (1991) as Police CommissionerNaa Pellam Naa Ishtam (1991)Mondi Mogudu Penki Pellam (1991)Alludu Diddina Kapuram (1991)Killer (1992) as Malavika's husbandGangwar (1992)Pachani Samsaram (1992)Golmaal Govindam (1992)Chitram Bhalare Vichitram (1992)420 (1992)Chillari Mogudu Allari Koduku (1992)Parugo Parugu (1993) as VeeruHello Brother (1994) as Manga's fatherGandeevam (1994)Prema & Co. (1994)Brahmachari Mogudu (1994) as Kutumba RaoBhairava Dweepam (1994) as UttarBangaru Kutumbam (1994) as Pushpa's brother-in-lawAlibaba Aradajanu Dongalu (1994)Hello Alludu (1994)Vajram (1995) as Chakri's uncleGhatotkachudu (1995) as Dharma RajuAlluda Majaka (1995) as Lawyer SivaramakrishnaSisindri (1995)Ninne Pelladata (1996) as HariLittle Soldiers (1996) as SeshagiriUgadi (1997)Pelli (1997)Aavida Maa Aavide (1998) as Vikranth's fatherChandralekha (1998) as DoctorPrema Katha (1999) as Janaki RamaiahSwayamvaram (1999)Alludugaaru Vachcharu (1999) as Shankar RaoRavoyi Chandamama (1999) as Sujeeth's fatherNuvve Kavali (2000) as Tarun's fatherBagunnaraa (2000)Adavi Chukka (2000) as SimhachalamApparao Ki Oka Nela Thappindi (2001) as Mohan RaoFamily Circus (2001) as Krishna RaoSimharasi (2001) Raa (2001)Akasa Veedhilo (2001) as Jagadiswara RaoSnehamante Idera (2001) as Aravind's uncleOkato Number Kurradu (2002)Idiot (2002) as InspectorHoli (2002)Nee Sneham (2002) as Madhav's fatherParasuram (2002)Vijayam (2003) as Usha's fatherVishnu (2003)Golmaal (2003)Fools (2003) as Adabala Raja RaoNinne Ishtapaddanu (2003) as Charan's fatherSambaram (2003) as Geeta's fatherSeenu Vasanthi Lakshmi (2004)Kushikushigaa (2004)Cheppave Chirugali (2004)Mr & Mrs Sailaja Krishnamurthy (2004) as Krishnamurthy's bossSuryam (2004)Vidyardhi (2004)Athadu (2005) as Poori's fatherNayakudu (2005)Kithakithalu (2006) as Rajababu's fatherGame (2006) as Rama Chandra MurthyPellaina Kothalo (2006)Allare Allari (2006)Evadaithe Nakenti (2007) as Chief MinisterMadhumasam (2007)Okkadunnadu (2007) as Gautami's fatherClassmates (2007)Viyyalavari Kayyalu (2007)Krishna (2008)Okka Magaadu (2008)Gamyam (2008)Mesthri (2009)Evaraina Epudaina (2009) as Madhumita's fatherSaleem (2009) as Singamanaidu's friendBetting Bangaraju (2010)Subhapradam (2010)Raaj (2011)Gaddam Gang (2015) as PoliticianDongaata (2015) as Elderly Man in Senior Living HomeA Aa (2016) as Mr. BanerjeeRaa Raa (2018)Pantham (2018) as High Court JudgeSrinivasa Kalyanam (2018) as Vasu's relativeGeetha Govindam (2018) as Geetha's grandfatherJathi Ratnalu (2021) as Chief MinisterSreekaram (2021) as AnantharajuMost Eligible Bachelor'' (2021) as Judge

Paragraph 14: Cinder was a Companion to the War Doctor in Engines of War. She was a native of the planet Moldox. She was only 7 when her entire family was killed during a Dalek invasion. She survived only by hiding in a bin, and staying there till found by Coyne, who taught her how to fight. She grew up helping the resistance battle the Daleks, becoming a Dalek hunter. During this time, she got the nickname Cinder. She met the Doctor when she was saved from a Dalek patrol by the TARDIS crash landing. After helping The Doctor discover a Dalek weapons factory where they were building a de-mat weapon, a temporal cannon, in order to destroy Gallifrey, they escaped and warned the Time Lords of the danger. After meeting Rassilon and the High Council on Gallifrey, Cinder was kidnapped by the Time Lords Karlax and The Castellan, and subjected to a mind probe to verify The Doctor's story. The Doctor rescued her from them and they fled to the Death Zone on Gallifrey, and took Borusa, who was being used by Rassilon as a possibility engine, from his captivity in the Dark Tower at its center. After the Time Lords decided that the best course of action was to destroy Moldox, and all the surrounding systems by using the Tear of Isha on the Eye of Tantalus, a black hole being used by the Daleks to power their temporal cannon, and thereby killing billions of sentient beings, she and the doctor fled with the Time Lords' possibility engine. During their time together The Doctor and Cinder realised that there was more to life than fighting the time war and planned to travel together after the Daleks where defeated. However she was shot and killed by Karlax, a Time Lord who had been sent to kill The Doctor, in order to remove the random elements from possibility engine predictions, before this could happen. She threw herself between them, taking the shot meant for The Doctor. After her death the Doctor left Karlax to die at the hands of the Dalek Eternity Circle. After the liberation of Moldox, The Doctor located the remains of Cinder's family and buried them at their homestead. The Doctor (but not the reader) discovers her real name and places a proper marker with it on her grave. Before leaving, he makes her a promise. "No more." It is implied that Cinder's death prompted the Doctor to decide to use The Moment to destroy both Time Lords and Daleks.

Paragraph 15: This ballad is part of a group of ballads about Robin Hood that in turn, like many of the popular ballads collected by Francis James Child, were in their time considered a threat to the Protestant religion. Puritan writers, like Edward Dering writing in 1572, considered such tales "'childish follye'" and "'witless devices.'" Writing of the Robin Hood ballads after A Gest of Robyn Hode, their Victorian collector Francis Child claimed that variations on the "'Robin met with his match'" theme, such as this ballad, are "sometimes wearisome, sometimes sickening," and that "a considerable part of the Robin Hood poetry looks like char-work done for the petty press, and should be judged as such." Child had also called the Roxburghe and Pepys collections (in which some of these ballads are included) "'veritable dung-hills [...], in which only after a great deal of sickening grubbing, one finds a very moderate jewel.'" However, as folklorist and ethnomusicologist Mary Ellen Brown has pointed out, Child's denigration of the later Robin Hood ballads is evidence of an ideological view he shared with many other scholars of his time who wanted to exclude cheap printed ballads such as these from their pedigree of the oral tradition and early literature. Child and others were reluctant to include such broadsides in their collections because they thought they "regularized the text, rather than reflecting and/or participating in tradition, which fostered multiformity." On the other hand, the broadsides are significant in themselves as showing, as English jurist and legal scholar John Selden (1584–1654) puts it, "'how the wind sits. As take a straw and throw it up in the air; you shall see by that which way the wind is, which you shall not do by casting up a stone. More solid things do not show the complexion of the times so well as ballads and libels.'" Even though the broadsides are cultural ephemera, unlike weightier tomes, they are important because they are markers of contemporary "current events and popular trends." It has been speculated that in his time Robin Hood represented a figure of peasant revolt, but the English medieval historian J. C. Holt has argued that the tales developed among the gentry, that he is a yeoman rather than a peasant, and that the tales do not mention peasants' complaints, such as oppressive taxes. Moreover, he does not seem to rebel against societal standards but to uphold them by being munificent, devout, and affable. Other scholars have seen the literature around Robin Hood as reflecting the interests of the common people against feudalism. The latter interpretation supports Selden's view that popular ballads provide a valuable window onto the thoughts and feelings of the common people on topical matters: for the peasantry, Robin Hood may have been a redemptive figure.

Paragraph 16: Subhankar Roy (Jeet) was a college goer. He was the son of head constable Bhabani Shankar Roy (Abdur Razzak) who was a very respectable person and had a very good police record in department. He aspires his son to be a police officer of higher rank although himself being a constable. He had great aspirations from his son. Subhankar on the other hand was very arrogant, fun loving and happy-go-lucky person who loves spending time with friends gossiping and playing foul games. One such game he played with some anti socials by eloping with their sister on her marriage day and gave her hands to someone else. They attacked him and bleeding Subhankar was taken to hospital by Puja Sen (Koel Mallick) and she donated her blood to him as his blood group got matched with hers. Shuvo fell in love with Puja without seeing her face at first instant. He went to her for thanking her for saving his life but instead he said "I Love You" to which Puja surprisingly rejected. Then, he started meeting her everywhere and started annoying her against her wishes. Puja was the sister of Police Superintendent Indrajit Sen (Tapas Paul). Puja told her brother about Shuvo and her strong hatred towards him for his annoying attitude by which he forcefully wanting Puja. Bhabani Shankar was a close mate of Indrajit as he saved latter's life in a mishap. Since then, Indrajit owes his life to him and thinks him as his best friend in toughest times. Shuvo was threatened and beaten by Indrajit for disturbing his sister unaware that he was son of none other than Bhabani Shankar to which Bhabani Shankar opposed him and said Love has no religion and no caste. Meanwhile, Indrajit hired an anti social goon Baburam (Sumit Ganguly) to kill Shuvo to which Puja couldn't resist as she didn't want to kill him went off to save Shuvo, but accidentally Puja got injured and Shuvo hospitalized her. Seeing all his constant approaches and true love for her, Puja started falling in love with Shuvo to which Indrajit didn't accept their relation as he still thinks that Shuvo is not a perfect match for his sister and he still annoys her. Indrajit tried to kill Shuvo at any cost. But with the help of Madhabi (Laboni Sarkar) and his friends, Shuvo and Puja escaped from their house. Baburam harassed them but ultimately Love wins over Hatred such that Indrajit accepted Puja and Shuvo's relation and he agreed for their marriage. Both of them finally got married.

Paragraph 17: In February 1902 she received orders to prepare to convey relief crews to the Cape of Good Hope Station, and she was commissioned for this duty by Captain Algernon Horatio Anson on 1 April. She left Chatham the following week with new crews for the British vessels ,  and , and arrived at Simon's Town on 10 May. She left South Africa ten days later, stopping at Saint Helena, Ascension, Sierra Leone, Las Palmas and Madeira before she arrived at Plymouth on 16 June 1902. Captain Julian Charles Allix Wilkinson was appointed to the ship on 23 July, but Anson remained in command when she took part in the fleet review held at Spithead on 16 August 1902 for the coronation of King Edward VII. Following the review Anson was still in command when she left Chatham to convey relief crews for the vessels HMS Vulcan, HMS Foam, HMS Bruizer, HMS Dragon, and HMS Boxer, all serving in the Mediterranean. She arrived at fleet headquarters at Malta on 27 August. Wilkinson had taken the command when she returned to Chatham the following month with the relieved crews of the Vulcan, Boxer, Bruiser, and Foam. She paid off into the A division of the Fleet Reserve at Chatham on 4 October 1902.

Paragraph 18: Umar had been advocated as an addition to the films of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) from before the release of the 2016 Doctor Strange feature film. The success of that film prompted speculation and suggestions on which villains should have been selected for that film's sequel. That November, Den of Geek! published a list of characters desired for the second Doctor Strange film. Contributor Marc Buxton included Umar, whom he named as the "nastiest" of Strange's enemies, comparing her to Cersei Lannister of the Song of Ice and Fire novel series. Buxton observed that while Dormammu represents raw power, Umar exhibits "guile and malevolent intelligence" and suggested that making her a film's antagonist would provide for an "epic" story. In March 2019, Ben Sherlock, writing for CBR.com, included Umar in that website's list of "9 Powerful Doctor Strange Villains We Hope To See In The MCU". Sherlock argued that the use of Dormammu in the 2016 Dr. Strange film would make appearances by his sister easy. Sherlock suggested that Strange's defeat of Dormammu at the end of that film would provide a revenge motive for Umar, and might lend itself to a personal and more intimate conflict than the one in the 2016 film. Sherlock also pointed out that this would increase address the dearth of female villains in the series, and that setting such a story in an otherworldly realm would avoid the question that occurs in MCU solo movies of why the protagonists do not contact their Avengers allies for assistance. Other outlets have called for the introduction of Umar into the film series as well, including Digital Spy, and Cinema Blend, which stated that Umar's introduction would also provide an avenue for the introduction of Clea. That same year, Marvel Studios producer Kevin Feige stated that glimpses of the Dark Dimension would be a part of the plot to that sequel.

Paragraph 19: Their first studio album, Two Faced Charade, released April 30, 2013. This is the first of their concept albums, a story about an outcast (who has schizophrenia), who falls in love with his neighbor, Elise (Welcome To The Show). Situations escalate, and he ends up following her into town (Victim of the Virtuoso), and finding out she has a boyfriend (The Relentless). He grows enraged, and starts to hear a screaming internally, one very similar to the one he feels inside. This scream is soon followed by a voice, the form that his previously mentioned schizophrenia takes (Voices). It starts telling him the actions he must take to have Elise as his (Lust of the Lost). He eventually makes a plan, when the boyfriend is about to go on a business trip, the main character stops him outside and acts concerned, since it seems as if the boyfriend was heavily drunk. He brings the boyfriend inside, and proceeds to murder the boyfriend (Legends and Legacies), and then hesitantly cut up the body, and then bury it into the ground (To Play Hide and Seek With Jealousy). Afterwards, he uses the boyfriend's phone to text Elise, in the perspective of the boyfriend telling her that they're done for, and that the stress of this job that the boyfriend took was too much. Elise gets heavily upset and the next day, when the main character goes over to her house to act like he was just coming to have breakfast, she rejects him kindly, explaining how they got broken up over text. The main character tells her everything is okay, and eventually that he took care of the boyfriend (Searching for a Home). She gets extremely confused when he says this, and once the main character realizes this, he runs back to his house, with Elise on his tail. She walks into the house, and into his bedroom, where the main character is (Even A Ghost Has A Sanctuary). She sees the bloodied knife and turns to the door, smelling the stench of blood and bleach. She walks into the bathroom and sees the blood, and the main character reassures her that he took care of her boyfriend, and that it's all okay. After she calls him a monster, he grows extremely angry and yells at her that he did this all of her and himself, before she says he did it all for him. He smashes her head into the wall vigorously, before realizing what he's doing and stopping himself. Realizing he just accidentally killed Elise, he turns to the mirror and tells the "inner-demon" that he had messed up his life, before the main character cuts himself down the wrist, killing himself. (The Show Must Go On, Prt. 1 and 2)

Paragraph 20: In May 1952, Purtell won the Republican nomination to challenge Democratic incumbent William Benton for a seat in the United States Senate. However, when Connecticut's other Democratic Senator, Brien McMahon, died in July of that year, Governor Lodge appointed Purtell to the Senate to fill the remainder of McMahon's term. Thus, Purtell was in the unusual position of filling one Senate seat while running for another. Fellow Republican businessman Prescott Bush, the father of George H. W. Bush and the grandfather of George W. Bush, was later elected to McMahon's seat. During his campaign against Benton, Purtell supported General Eisenhower's campaign platform on "Communism, corruption, and Korea." Benton accused Purtell of being so conservative that he "makes Bob Taft look like a left-wing New Dealer." Still, Benton was defeated by Purtell by a margin of 88,788 votes, receiving 52% of the vote.

Paragraph 21: Temple II is most liveable still with retaining walls and terraces stiffs, first stage the oval terrace was built in local stone, but after an enlargement it was built in limestone which must have been carried by boat from nearby Jidda island where stone was hewn out by hand and carefully dressed into remarkably neat masonry blocks. The skill with which this task was carried out may be clearly seen in the temple walls and especially around the sacred well. A double circular altar and an offering table stood in the center of the shrine. To the south were three cult stones shaped like the anchors of the merchant ships. Although the central one bore a protruding animal head, like the altars depicted on the seals. A temple treasure lay in the stone frame pit in the north-east comer. The central terrace was crowned by a shrine built of cut stone with stone paving. Smaller buildings clustered around it covering the rest of the terrace. There were no buildings on the outer oval terrace but altars and cult symbols were visible. A plinth with recessed stone cylinder lay to the south and a plinth with three pillars was situated near the north-west wall. A double row of plinths for cult objects lined both sides of the stairs from the upper terrace. On each of these plinths were two square holes lined with bitumen and sheet copper nailed to wood. Here may have stood copper mounted poles with the emblems of gods, so often seen on the stamp seals, or, perhaps, wooden statues. From the central terrace a ceremonial stairway led to the subterranean shrine where water cult ceremonies took place. Halfway down the stair was a portal, and from there the stair was roofed. The rich natural spring which filled the pool probably accounts for the siting of the temple at Barbar. Water poured from a perforated stone jar beside a semicircular stone font at the threshold of a dry chamber near the basin. From the comers of the shrine deep stone built channels led the water to the surrounding fields and gardens

Paragraph 22: In 1997, Wise traveled to Mopti-Sevaré in Central Mali, where he met the reclusive novelist and marabout, Yambo Ouologuem. Wise's interview was the only interview granted by Ouologuem after the time that he went into seclusion in the mid 1970s until his death in 2017. In the interview, Ouologuem revealed that he was a fierce critic of Arab neo-imperialism in West Africa. Wise's widely discussed interview was published in ‘’Research In African Literatures’’ and later reprinted as a book in both English and French.  Wise later translated Ouologuem’s works into English in his book, The Yambo Ouologuem Reader. Wise’s works on Ouologuem have contributed towards a reconsideration of Ouologuem’s writings at a time that he had been discredited due to plagiarism controversies. In 2001, Wise edited a collection of writings by Sahelian writers entitled The Desert Shore that included political essays by the slain Burkinabe journalist Norbert Zongo. Obed Nkunzimana called The Desert Shore “A substantial scholarly, humanistic, and ethnical contribution to the understanding of Africa in general and the Sahel in particular.”  Wise also translated Zongo's The Parachute Drop into English in 2004, a novel about a corrupt West African dictator which was based on figures like Mobutu Sese Seko and Blaise Compaore. Ngugi wa Thiong’o later endorsed the book, stating, “In this novel, with its clear and readable English translation, Zongo's spirit rises from the dead to tell the oppressor: I will never stop to fight for a more humane Africa.” Wise's work on Zongo's murder brought international attention to Compaore's use of assassination to eliminate his enemies. Wise later translated Al Hajj Mahmud Kati's Timbuktu chronicle the Tarikh al fattash into English, a 16th-century Songhay Dynasty manuscript. Nubia Kai called Wise’s translation “an occasion for celebration,” and she attributed the long neglect of Kati's book to institutional racism.<ref>Review: Mahmud Kati, Ta’rikh al-fattash: The Timbuktu Chronicles 1493- 1599,”by Nubai Kai. Journal of the African Literature Association, Vol. 6, No. 2 (2013).</ref> Wise's translation of the Tarikh al fattashhas been praised for its readable prose, and it remains one of Africa World Press's best-selling books.

Paragraph 23: Ekwelum spent much of his professional career based in Germany. He made his professional debut in September 1973, knocking out Ireno Werleman in the second round. Two months later, in his third fight, he drew with former Italian champion Armando Zanini in Brescia. In his next fight, in February 1974, he suffered his first professional defeat, to the vastly experienced Argentine Avenamar Peralta. He followed this the next month with a drawn fight with another Argentine, Santiago Alberto Lovell. A seventh-round knockout of Richard Dunn followed in April 1974. In January 1975 he knocked Eddie Neilson down four times before winning by a send-round stoppage, and a month later lost a narrow points decision to Billy Aird, both of these fights taking place in England. Back in Germany, between March 1975 and May 1976, he won five fights and drew one. In November 1976 he travelled to Madrid to face Argentine champion Raul Gorosito, the 8-round fight judged a draw. In December 1976 he beat future world title challenger Lucien Rodriguez on points, then had a run of three defeats; First, in January 1977 he was stopped in the seventh round in Johannesburg by Kallie Knoetze, which saw him receive a lifetime ban from the Nigerian Boxing Board of Control for fighting in South Africa. In May he was stopped in the sixth round by John L. Gardner at the Royal Albert Hall, in what would have been a fight for the vacant Commonwealth title, but the Nigerian authorities refused to sanction it due to Ekwelum's fight in South Africa. He was then out of the ring until September 1978, when he was disqualified in the third round against Hennie Thoonen in Heerenveen for punching with the inside of the glove. He returned to winning ways in November 1978 with a fifth-round stoppage of German (BDB) champion Bernd August, and then in 1979 became based back in is home country, the ban evidently lifted. He had immediate success, knocking Eddie Cooper out in March to win the Nigerian heavyweight title. In October that year he knocked out Joe Kalala in the third round to take the African Boxing Union (ABU) title. In December 1979 he travelled to Canada to face Trevor Berbick, losing via a fifth-round stoppage. In March 1980 he stopped Paul Sykes in the first round, in what would prove to be his final win. He lost his ABU title in December 1983 to Proud Kilimanjaro, the Zimbabwean knocking him out in the twelfth and final round. In November 1984 he lost to Malian Mary Konate, and in his final fight in August 1986, at the age of 38, he was beaten on points by Charles Udalor in a Nigerian heavyweight title clash.

Paragraph 24: On 11 June 2013, Kazma, billed under the ring name Kazma Sakamoto, returned to Japan at a Pro Wrestling Zero1 event, where he announced that he would be taking part in the 2013 Fire Festival. On 15 July, Sakamoto wrestled his first match since his WWE release, when he defeated Tank Nagai at a Kaientai Dojo event. Sakamoto finished his Fire Festival on 4 August with a record of two wins, one draw and two losses, failing to advance to the finals of the tournament. On 15 September, Sakamoto made his debut for Wrestle-1, teaming with Ryoji Sai in a tag team match, where they defeated Ryota Hama and Yasufumi Nakanoue. Sakamoto replaced an injured Kohei Sato as a member of a heel stable named Desperado, led by Masayuki Kono, and later in the event helped Kono defeat Masakatsu Funaki. Back in Kaientai Dojo the following day, Sakamoto and Kengo Mashimo defeated Daigoro Kashiwa and Ricky Fuji to win the Strongest-K Tag Team Championship. They lost the title in their first defense on 10 November to the team of Kaji Tomato and Taka Michinoku. On 11 January 2014, Sakamoto made his debut for Wrestling New Classic (WNC), defeating Masaya Takahashi, after which he challenged and attacked WNC Champion Tajiri. This led to a title match between the two on 30 January, where Tajiri retained his title. Through Wrestle-1's working relationship with American promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), Sakamoto worked TNA's Bound for Glory event in Tokyo on 12 October, losing to MVP. On 30 January 2015, Sakamoto received his first title shot in Wrestle-1, when he and Desperado's newest member Koji Doi unsuccessfully challenged Kaz Hayashi and Shuji Kondo for the Wrestle-1 Tag Team Championship. On 26 June 2015, it was announced that Sakamoto had signed with Wrestle-1, officially ending his days as a freelancer. Shortly afterwards, Sakamoto became the new leader of Desperado, after kicking Kono out of the group. Under the new leadership, the stable was renamed "Real Desperado" on 13 October. On 3 November, Sakamoto, Koji Doi and Nosawa Rongai defeated Jackets (Jiro Kuroshio, Seiki Yoshioka and Yasufumi Nakanoue) for the UWA World Trios Championship. They lost the title back to Jackets on 27 November. On 6 March 2016, Sakamoto and Real Desperado's newest member Yuji Hino defeated Masayuki Kono and Shuji Kondo for the Wrestle-1 Tag Team Championship. They lost the title to Yasufumi Nakanoue and Yuji Okabayashi on 8 June. On 31 August, Sakamoto's contract with Wrestle-1 expired and he became a freelancer once again.

Paragraph 25: Nearly a month before the ceremony Rock told Josh Wolk of Entertainment Weekly, "Come on, it's a fashion show. No one performs; it's not like a music show. What straight black man sits there and watches the Oscars? Show me one." Political blogger Matt Drudge later reported that several anonymous AMPAS members wanted Rock fired from his hosting job as a result of the comments. Nevertheless, producer Cates issued a statement defending the host saying, "Chris' comments are meant to be humorous digs at a show that some people, obviously including Chris himself, think may be a bit too stuffy." Furthermore, Wolk dismissed any controversy regarding Rock's comments and that Drudge exaggerated the host's comments. GLAAD Executive Director Joan Garry also issue a statement in light of the controversy stating, "Chris Rock isn't making fun of gays – he's poking fun at the Oscars." Rock appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno the Monday before the ceremony to clarify his comments. When Leno asked about the statement, Rock replied "I did not say that. I said only gay people watch the Tonys." However, he reiterated, "I really don't know any straight men who aren't in show business that have ever watched the Oscars."

Paragraph 26: In his book PiHKAL, Shulgin listed 2C-P's dosage range as 6–10 mg and wrote that while most reports with dosages between 6 and 12 mg were favorable, "there was one report of an experience in which a single dosage of 16 mg was clearly an overdose, with the entire experiment labeled a physical disaster, not to be repeated." He cautioned readers regarding dosing with 2C-P by commenting that "a consistent observation is that there may not be too much latitude in dosage between that which would be modest, or adequate, and that which would be excessive. The need for individual titration would be most important with this compound." 2C-P is one of the most potent compounds in the 2C family of psychedelics, rivaled only by 2C-TFM.

Paragraph 27: Critical response to Joe's characterization in the first season was positive. Anime News Network praised the character of Joe, most notably due to the handling of his fights which were felt as the biggest appeal from the series despite saying his character arc is not innovative comparing them to the Rocky boxing films. Tang's performance as Joe was well received by the writer nevertheless. Otaku USA liked how Joe's character changes across the narrative as he goes from a fighter who does arranged matches to a more competitive boxer driven his rivalry with Yuri and pride. Manga.Tokyo also praised the handling of the main character whom the audience would cheer. He positively compared Gearless Joe with Jo Yabuki as, despite the series being a tribute to Ashita no Joe with multiple similarities, he comes across as more likable character than the arrogant Jo describing him as a "much more down to earth, easy-going loveable rogue, kind of like Spike Spiegel from Cowboy Bebop". As a result, he views Gearless Joe as an improvement over the original Jo but felt his rivalry with Yuri lacked depth despite him being his final rival in the first season. Biggest in Japan wrote an article titled "Megaloxbox isn't Really About Boxing, it's About Human Drama" where he wrote that despite having raw talent for boxing, the protagonist is not given the possibilities to participate in professional matches due to his humble beginnings in the series' first episodes. As a result, the fear he expresses when entering into the competition Megalonia feels natural due to high probabilities of Joe dying in the ring, which he felt were inspiring. The final fight between Joe and Yuri was praised by Anime News Network for how well executed it was and the way the narrative treats it in such a way that the fact if Joe might not win it would not matter because the message of the series was about trying instead. The aftermath of the fight also received feedback because the ending of the season shows the impact Joe made in the scenario as he inspired multiple children to try boxing in Nowhere. Manga.Tokyo agreed with Anime News Network for how entertaining was the final fight not only due to their exchanges but also because of how both matured. In 2019, Joe was nominated for the 3rd Crunchyroll Anime Awards in the categories of "Best Protagonist" and "Best Boy", but lost to Rimuru Tempest from That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime and Izuku Midoriya from My Hero Academia, respectively. In the 6th Crunchyroll Anime Awards, Joe was nominated for "Best Protagonist", but lost to Odakawa from Odd Taxi. Michael B. Jordan revealed that the emotional foundation for Joe's fights in Megalobox inspired the film Creed III.

Paragraph 28: Passenger records of Peter Wyngarde's journey to the UK in 1945 and a biography published in 2020 name his father as a British merchant seaman called Henry Goldbert (1897–1945). Henry Goldbert was of Russian ethnicity and born in present day Ukraine. He grew up in British Malaya, where he became a naturalised British citizen. Wyngarde had claimed that Henry Goldbert was his stepfather, and that his birth father was an Englishman named Henry Wyngarde who had a prestigious career in the British Diplomatic Service in Hong Kong, Malaya, Singapore and India, before becoming an importer-exporter of antique watches living in Eaton Square, London. No such person appears in any public records in the UK or anywhere in the world. Despite being named as Wyngarde's next of kin on the passenger manifest, Henry Goldbert appears to have died in the US in October 1945, a few weeks before his son arrived in the UK from Shanghai.

Paragraph 29: Alcinous held the world and its animating soul to be eternal. This soul of the universe was not created by God, but, to use the image of Alcinous, it was awakened by him as from a profound sleep, and turned towards himself, "that it might look out upon intellectual things and receive forms and ideas from the divine mind." It was the first of a succession of intermediate beings between God and man. The idea proceeded immediately from the mind of God, and were the highest object of our intellect; the "form" of matter, the types of sensible things, having a real being in themselves.  He differed from the earlier Platonists in confining the ideas to general laws: it seemed an unworthy notion that God could conceive an idea of things artificial or unnatural, or of individuals or particulars, or of any thing relative. He seems to have aimed at harmonizing the views of Plato and Aristotle on the ideas, as he distinguished them from the eidos, forms of things, which he allowed were inseparable: a view which seems necessarily connected with the doctrine of the eternity and self-existence of matter. God, the first fountain of the ideas, could not be known as he is: it is but a faint notion of him we obtain from negations and analogies: his nature is equally beyond our power of expression or conception. Below him are a series of beings (daimones) who superintend the production of all living things, and hold intercourse with men. The human soul passes through various transmigrations, thus connecting the series with the lower classes of being, until it is finally purified and rendered acceptable to God. His system is understood as a synthesis of Plato and Aristotle, with some elements borrowed from the East, and perhaps derived from a study of the Pythagorean system, which experienced a revival of sorts concomitant to that which produced Middle Platonism.

Paragraph 30: The bridge was opened in March 1977 and is named for the author of the American national anthem, the poem originally called "The Defence of Fort McHenry" written in September 1814 and later set to music and entitled the "Star Spangled Banner" by   Frederick and Georgetown lawyer /amateur poet Francis Scott Key (1779–1843). The bridge is the outermost of three toll crossings of Baltimore's Harbor (two tunnels and one bridge). Upon completion, the bridge structure and its approaches became the final links in Interstate 695 (the "Baltimore Beltway"), completing a two decades long project.  Despite the I-695 signage, the bridge is officially considered part of the state highway system and designated Maryland Route 695.