Paragraph 1: However, by the early 1970s, crime was increasing in Harvey, a poverty-stricken and blighted suburb  south of Chicago, and several significant criminal incidents occurred at or near the mall, including three murders in one year alone. In November 1972, a young woman was fatally shot near the mall in a botched robbery attempt. On April 20, 1973, another person was shot and killed in a robbery on the mall property itself. On July 17, 1973, a teenage girl was lured away from the mall by three other teenage girls, and strangled to death. From 1973 to 1978, Dixie lost many stores, including the Montgomery Ward anchor, which closed on October 4, 1976 and Turn Style which closed in January 1978. In a last-ditch effort to bring back shoppers and tenants, the mall changed its name to simply Dixie Mall in late July 1975, and soon after underwent a renovation, re-opening on October 9 of that same year. These efforts failed, as by 1978, it was down to its final twenty stores. The mall officially closed its doors in November 1978, with JCPenney closing in January 1979. A 1978 article in the Chicago Tribune indicated that two major factors in the mall's closure were shoplifting and theft of merchandise by employees.

Paragraph 2: UEI was established in 1978 to respond to high risk situations and including those involving hostages. Its motto is Celeritas et Subtilitas Patrio. The exact scope of UEI operations and total number of personnel are not published. In 2008, on the occasion of the Unit's 30th anniversary, its commanding officer revealed that the UEI had until then participated in 375 operations, in which 563 hostages had been freed and 640 people arrested, of whom 141 belonged to terrorist groups. These operations included 11 high-sea missions against drug-trafficking. He also revealed that due to the demanding selection process, of the 26 applicants that had applied to join the Unit that year, only four had been admitted. The Unit has also intervened in 18 prison riots involving hostages. The UEI is part of the European Union-sponsored ATLAS Network.

Paragraph 3: In 1995 Canavan started The Telltale Art, a freelance business specialising on graphical design services. In that same year she began working for Aurealis, a magazine of Australian Fantasy and Science Fiction, working a do-it-all job as art and cover editor, reading manuscripts, creating web pages and stuffing envelopes. By taking on this job she was able to start writing in her spare time. Canavan states that until the age of 25 she dreamed of writing a novel but lacked the focus to do so.  When she turned 25 she took several writing courses, worked on refining her fiction writing skills, while she fought her way through several rejections.

Paragraph 4: Rumphius was  the oldest son of August Rumpf, a builder and engineer in Hanau, and Anna Elisabeth Keller, sister of Johann Eberhard Keller, governor of the Dutch-speaking Kleve (Cleves), at that time a district of the Electorate (Kurfürstentum) of Brandenburg. He was baptized Georg Eberhard Rumpf in Wölfersheim, where he grew up. He went to the Gymnasium in Hanau. Though born and raised in Germany he spoke and wrote in Dutch from an early age, probably as learned from his mother. He was recruited by the West India Company, ostensibly to serve the Republic of Venice, but was put on a ship "De Swarte Raef" (The Black Raven) in 1646 bound for Brazil where the Dutch and Portuguese were fighting over territory. Either through shipwreck or capture he landed in Portugal, where he remained for nearly three years. Around 1649 he returned to Hanau where he helped his father's business.

Paragraph 5: Ronald is a masculine given name derived from the Old Norse Rögnvaldr, or possibly from Old English Regenweald. In some cases Ronald is an Anglicised form of the Gaelic Raghnall, a name likewise derived from Rögnvaldr. The latter name is composed of the Old Norse elements regin ("advice", "decision") and valdr ("ruler"). Ronald was originally used in England and Scotland, where Scandinavian influences were once substantial, although now the name is common throughout the English-speaking world. A short form of Ronald is Ron. Pet forms of Ronald include Roni and Ronnie. Ronalda and Rhonda are feminine forms of Ronald. Rhona, a modern name apparently only dating back to the late nineteenth century, may have originated as a feminine form of Ronald. The names Renaud/Renault and Reynold/Reinhold are cognates from French and German respectively. The name Ronaldo is a cognate from Spanish and Portuguese.

Paragraph 6: While it is still used at Dulles Airport, the growth in passenger numbers and aircraft capacity made it impractical to use mobile lounges for individual flights.  Remote concourses were constructed, and the fleet of mobile lounges was used as a shuttle between the concourses and the main terminal.  On January 26, 2010, the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority replaced the Dulles mobile lounge system for passenger movements between the Main Terminal and the A-, B-, and C-Gates with the underground AeroTrain.  However, some mobile lounges and plane mates remain in use for passenger movements between the main terminal and Concourse D (until the replacement Concourses C and D are built and the AeroTrain is built out to run in a continuous two-way loop), to disembark international passengers from all arriving international aircraft (with the exception of United Airlines and certain Star Alliance flights, which are directly serviced at Concourse C's Federal Inspection Station; and flights from airports with border preclearance) and carry them to the International Arrivals Building, and to convey passengers between the main terminal and aircraft on hard stands (i.e., those parked remotely on the tarmac without access to jet bridges).

Paragraph 7: Forever in our hearts, Ezzrett "Sugarfoot" Anderson, beloved family patriarch and legendary Calgarian passed away on Wednesday, March 8, 2017, at the Foothills Hospital. Sugarfoot, whose gridiron nickname became a lifelong signature, lived a full and fruitful 97 years. He was born in Nashville, Arkansas, on February 10, 1920, to parents Florence and Ezzrett Anderson Sr. a renowned baseball player in the old Negro Leagues.His was a sporting life which started in his early school years and continued at Kentucky State where he earned a spot on an all-America football team. While there he met his first wife Virnetta, from Hot Springs Arkansas. In 1943 they joined their extended family in moving to California to help with the war effort. "Sug", as he was often called, was a two-way star who could pass, catch and defend. He soon attracted the attention of the pros, playing with the Hollywood Bears of the Pacific Coast League in 1945-46 and the Los Angeles Dons of the All-America Football Conference in 1947. During those years Sugarfoot also found work in the movie industry, appearing in over 20 films, including a speaking role in the original "Story of Seabiscuit" with Shirley Temple and Barry Fitzgerald.In 1949, the Calgary Stampeders like many CFL team were seeking to bolster the Canadian game with some experienced U.S. talent. And, though Sugarfoot had retired from play, he was persuaded by old friend Woody Strode and storied coach Les Lear to bring his speed and versatility to Calgary. He became an instant star and popular figure both on and off the field for his talent, easygoing style and affable, bigger-than-life personality. He was an all-star CFL player in '49 when the Stamps lost to the Montreal Alouettes in the Grey Cup and was one of only two Americans to make all-pro in Canada at both offence and defense. And the only player in franchise history to wear the iconic "00". He retired at the end of 1955, was added to the Stampeders' Wall of Fame in 1990 and inducted into the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame in 2010.His years off the field were no less colourful. From 1950 to 1955 Sugarfoot had a popular radio show on CKXL, fronted a blues band called "The Bluenotes", and made many appearances on stage and at events supporting charities and enriching Calgary's culture and music scene. In 2013 he was presented with the "Canada's Recording Legacy Award of Recognition".Sugarfoot attended SAIT (Southern Alberta Institute of Technology), where he received his Red Seal as a Heavy Duty mechanic. He owned his own service station in the heart of downtown Calgary and went on to work for the group of companies that included Standard General, Inland Cement and Genstar retiring after 32 years.Sugarfoot always maintained his connection to the Stampeders: spending many years as an account representative and ambassador for the team "which allowed him to collect what had eluded him during his playing days 5 treasured Grey Cup rings. He was a fixture at McMahon Stadium a respected elder statesman and mentor from the practice field to the locker room and a tireless promoter at team events, with the Calgary Stampeders Alumni Association and all around town. Sugar always appreciated the opportunities provided him by the Stamps and his adopted city, and he was never happier than when he was out in public, meeting new people, telling stories and sharing his unique humour. Of course, the family will remember him most for our private joy his love of fatherhood, and the great and special love he shared for over 30 years with his devoted wife Anne English. Ezzrett is also survived by sons Barry and John, granddaughters Camille, Desta, Sonja, Vinessa, Jacquilyn and Nikki, grandsons Jonathan and Mark and many extended family and friends. He is pre-deceased by his first wife Virnetta and son Vaughn.Sugarfoot stayed active well into his 90's.

Paragraph 8: Some films were more potent with propagandistic symbolism than others.  Fifth Column Mouse is a cartoon that through childlike humor and political undertones depicted a possible outcome of World War II.  The film begins with a bunch of mice playing and singing a song about how they never worry.  One mouse notices a cat looking in through a window, but is calmed when another mouse tells him that the cat cannot get inside.  The cat however, bursts in through the front door alerting a mouse that wears a World War II style air raid warden helmet and screams, “Lights out,” promptly turning off the main light.  The phrase, 'lights out,' was a popular saying during the war, especially in major cities to encourage people to turn off their lights to hinder targeting by potential enemy bombers.  The same mouse who said the cat could not get inside, ends up getting caught by the cat.  The cat tells him that he will not kill him, but will give him cheese if the mouse follows the cat's instructions.  During the dialogue between the two, the cat's smile resembles the Tojo bucktooth grin and it speaks with a Japanese accent.  Near the end, the cat screams “Now get going!” and the mouse jumps to attention and gives the infamous Nazi salute.  The scene cuts to the biddable mouse, now an agent of influence, telling the other mice that the cat is here to “save us and not to enslave us,” “don’t be naughty mice, but appease him” so “hurry and sign a truce.”  This message of appeasement and signing a truce would have been all too familiar to the adults in the theaters who were probably with their children.  The next clip is of the cat lounging on pillows with multiple mice tending to its every need.  However, when the cat reveals that he wants to eat a mouse they all scatter.  Inside their hole, a new mouse is encouraging the others to be strong and fight the cat.  The mice are then shown marching in step with hardy, confident grins on their faces with “We Did it Before and We Can Do it Again” by Robert Merrill playing in the background.  Amidst the construction of a secret weapon, a poster of a mouse with a rifle is shown with the bold words “For Victory: Buy Bonds and Stamps.”  The mice have built a mechanical dog that chases the cat out of the house.  Before he leaves though a mouse skins the cat with an electric razor, but leaves three short dots and a long streak of fur on his back.  In Morse code, the letter "V" is produced through dot-dot-dot-dash.  As depicted in many pictures but made popular by Winston Churchill, the “V” for victory sign was a popular symbol of encouragement for the Allies.  The cartoon ends with the mice singing, “We did it before, we did it AGAIN!”

Paragraph 9: Once all the shots are finished on a scene, the scene "wraps". In the original game, all the "Scale" players earn $1 at this point, and a number of dice equal to the "budget" number are rolled to see what the "Featured" players get paid. Also, the player whose scene roll completes the shoot earns the "screen credit" for the scene; a full credit if they were "on the card", or a half credit if they were a "Scale" player. In addition, if a "Scale" player earns the credit, they "steal the scene", and all "featured" players "on the card" lose one level for being "upstaged". In Version 2.0, players earn credits for advancing the scene (1 credit plus the usual $1 for "Scale" players, 2 credits for "Featured"). When the scene wraps, if there is at least one "Featured" player on the card, the "Scale" players earn a cash bonus equal to the rank of the role they are on (i.e. a Rank-2 role earns a $2 cash bonus) and the dice are rolled as above for "Featured" players. There is no penalty to "Featured" players if a "Scale" player completes the scene. Players must also surrender any "practice chips" earned for the scene (they do not carry over to other scenes).

Paragraph 10: "The Rachel" was created by hairstylist Chris McMillan, and colored by Michael Canalé. Recommended to Aniston by her Friends co-star Courteney Cox, Aniston's manager first recruited McMillan to style the actress' hair for the Friends pilot. Aniston's manager was also managing actress Patricia Arquette, whose hair McMillan had been styling around the same time. Insisting that her client get her hair done urgently because she found it to be in poor condition and "a terrible length", the manager suggested that Aniston visit McMillan's salon for the first time. McMillan was determined to convince Aniston, whose hair was very long and frizzy at the time, to attempt a different hairstyle that included a shorter length and highlights. McMillan drew inspiration from several sources, including male surfers from his Manhattan beach hometown, model Beri Smither's bob cut, and model Amber Valletta's blowouts styled by hairstylist Garren. McMillan insists that he did not intentionally create the hairstyle for Aniston, admitting that he had also given a similar haircut to actress Cameron Diaz. According to McMillan, the hairstyle was created to grow out Aniston's bangs, which he achieved by bringing "up the length to make the bangs seem longer" before pulling "the hair over so she didn't look like she had bangs", from which "the layers started falling forward". Having known Aniston prior to the pilot, Canalé had already been coloring her hair before the haircut itself occurred, adding "highlights from roots to ends" to "create the perfect canvas for" McMillan's cut. Canalé lightened Aniston's naturally medium-brown hair into a caramelized brown while using blonde highlights on the tips, which the colorist believes gave her hair the impression that it had been gradually faded by the Sun over time. After the cut, he incorporated additional "paper-thin highlights" for which the look has become known. Canalé has since continued to color Aniston's hair. At this time, McMillan was struggling with a drug addiction, and admitted to having been under the influence when he cut Aniston's hair into "The Rachel". Aniston and McMillan have since maintained a strong friendship, and she credits "The Rachel" with forcing her to pay attention to her own hair going forward.

Paragraph 11: When construction began the next morning, the chief's reluctance was proved to be well-founded. In order to build the fort in the most defensible position on the peninsula, the Portuguese had to demolish the homes of some of the villagers, who consented only after they had been compensated. The Portuguese also tried to quarry a nearby rock that the people of Elmina, who were animists, believed to be the home of the god of the nearby River Benya. Prior to the demolition of the quarry and homes, Azambuja sent a Portuguese crew member, João Bernaldes with gifts to deliver to Chief Kwamin Ansah and the villagers. Azambuja sent brass basins, shawls, and other gifts in hopes of winning the goodwill of the villagers, so they would not be upset during the demolition of their homes and sacred rocks. However, João Bernaldes did not deliver the gifts until after construction began, by which time the villagers became upset upon witnessing the demolition without forewarning or compensation. In response to this, the local people forged an attack that resulted in several Portuguese deaths. Finally, an understanding was reached, but continued opposition led the Portuguese to burn the local village in retaliation. Even in this tense atmosphere, the first story of the tower was completed after only twenty days; this was the result of having brought so much prefabricated building materials. The remainder of the fort and an accompanying church were completed soon afterwards, despite resistance.

Paragraph 12: In February 1993, a memorial wrestling card was held in memory of Kerry Von Erich, who committed suicide on February 18. Von Erich was to have faced the Angel of Death, David Sheldon, that day.  Instead, a memorial service was held at the Sportatorium prior to the matches, with former World Class announcer Marc Lowrance making a special appearance to pay his tributes to Kerry (Lowrance was the ring announcer who called Von Erich's NWA World title victory over Ric Flair in 1984). The following April, a memorial tribute card was held at the Dallas Sportatorium, featuring many former World Class wrestlers, referees and other officials. In that card, the main event was the official last match between the Freebirds and the Von Erichs. Kevin Von Erich and Chris Adams (who wore Kerry's ring jacket in his memory) faced Michael Hayes and Buddy Roberts, with Skandor Akbar in Hayes and Roberts' corner, and Fritz Von Erich in Chris and Kevin's corner (his last appearance in a professional wrestling match).  The match ended with Kevin applying the claw on Roberts for the win, while Fritz applied the iron claw on Skandor Akbar. Adams meanwhile was ganged up by Hayes and Rod Price when David Sheldon came in to save Adams. Sid Vicious and Booker T also competed on the memorial card.  The Ultimate Warrior, who competed in Dallas as The Dingo Warrior, was scheduled to wrestle, but no-showed.

Paragraph 13: The Chicago Hub Network is a collection of proposed fast conventional and high-speed rail lines in the Midwestern United States including  of track. Since the 1990s, there have been multiple proposals to build a network from Chicago to destinations such as Milwaukee, Madison, Minneapolis, Indianapolis, Detroit, Kansas City, St. Louis, Cleveland,  Cincinnati, and Louisville. In addition, the rail lines from the Chicago hub would connect through to cities in Canada. Eastern routes from Chicago would also blend into the Ohio Hub network. In addition to providing better connections between Midwestern cities, the projects are intended to reduce or eliminate the operating subsidies that American passenger train routes currently require.

Paragraph 14: She began her tennis career on the ITF Junior Circuit where, in 2003, was ranked in the top 20 in the world in both singles and doubles. She turned professional that same year and competed the next few years on the ITF Women's Circuit. In 2004, began playing more WTA events and began a full schedule in 2005, when she cracked the top 100 in the world. In 2006, Jamea had her best year of her career, compiling a 26–22 singles record. Jackson is the first tennis player ever to use the instant replay system in a tour level match, challenging a call in her first round win at the 2006 Nasdaq 100 Open in Miami, against compatriot Ashley Harkleroad. The call ended up being wrong, and Harkleroad challenged later in the match, becoming the first person to correctly challenge. Jackson ended up winning in a battle 7–5, 6–7, 7–5. She led the United States Fed Cup team to a victory over Germany that same year. She won both her matches to notch the win for the U.S. She defeated Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Martina Müller to guide the USA into the next round. Jackson reached her first WTA Tour final on June 17, 2006 when she beat both Jelena Janković and Maria Sharapova in Birmingham on grass. However, she was defeated by Vera Zvonareva in the final match of the DFS Classic in a tight two-setter. At the tailend of 2006 and her short 2007 seasons, Jamea suffered a recurring hip injury requiring surgery.  In April 2008, after 8 months away from the tour, she came back at a $75,000 ITF event in Dothan, Alabama. She won 6 consecutive matches, 3 in qualifying and then 3 in the main draw before giving a walkover to Bethanie Mattek-Sands. She did not play her next event until the U.S. Open Series, where she scored an upset win over Marion Bartoli. She played her final match at the 2008 US Open, losing to seed Alyona Bondarenko losing 2–6, 6–3, 6–2. She officially retired from pro tennis on August 24, 2009 due to her recurring hip injury, as well as her coaching position at Oklahoma State University.

Paragraph 15: 1788: About this time, a bloody transaction occurred in the territory of the present county of Conecuh. During the revolutionary war, Colonel McGillivray formed an acquaintance with many conspicuous royalists, and, among others, with Colonel Kirkland, of South Carolina. That person was at McGillivray's house, upon the Coosa, in 1788, with his son, his nephew, and several other gentlemen. They were on their way to Pensacola, where they intended to procure passports, and settle in the Spanish province of Louisiana. When they determined to leave his hospitable abode, McGillivray sent his servant [slave] to guide them to Pensacola. The presence of this servant would assure the Indians that they were friends, for it was dangerous to travel without the Chieftain's protection. Colonel Kirkland and his party had much silver in their saddle-bags. Arriving within a mile of a large creek, which flows into the Conecuh, they met a pack-horse party, about sunset, going up to the nation. They had been to Pensacola, on a trading expedition. This party consisted of a Hillabee Indian, who had murdered so many men, that he was called Istillicha, the Man-slayer—a desperate white man, who had fled from the States for the crime of murder, and whom, on account of his activity and ferocity, the Indians called the Cat—and a blood-thirsty negro, named Bob, the property of Sullivan, a Creek trader of the Hillabees. As soon as Colonel Kirkland and his party were out of sight, these scoundrels formed an encampment. The former went on, crossed the creek, and encamped a short distance from the ford, by the side of the trading path. Placing their saddle-bags under their heads, and reclining their guns against a tree, Kirkland and his party fell asleep. At midnight, the bloody wretches from the other side, cautiously came over, and, seizing the guns of Kirkland and his men, killed every one of them, except three negroes, one of whom was the servant of the great Chieftain, as before stated. Dividing the booty, the murderers proceeded to the Creek nation, and, when the horrid affair became known, Colonel McGillivray sent persons in pursuit of them. Cat was arrested; but the others escaped. Milfort was directed to convey the scoundrel to the spot where he had shed the blood of these men, and there to hang him, until he was dead. Upon the journey to that point, Milfort kept him well pinioned, and, every night, secured his legs in temporary stocks, made by cutting notches in pine logs, and clamping them together. Reaching the creek where poor Kirkland and his men were murdered, Cat was suspended to the limb of a tree, the roots of which were still stained with the blood of the unfortunate colonel and his companions. While he was dangling in the air, and kicking in the last agonies, the Frenchman stopped his motions with a pistol ball. Such is the origin of the name "Murder Creek.

Paragraph 16: Edgar Tolliver was Cadet Corporal of Seafort's barracks during his time at the Naval Academy, and was extremely unpopular with the young cadet, who felt that Tolliver hazed him to an unnecessary degree. Tolliver on the other hand merely thought of the hazing as 'part of the drill'. He was later promoted to Lieutenant and assigned to Portia at some point after Seafort left the ship, until he was reassigned to replace Alexi Tamarov as Seafort's aide. While serving in that capacity the heli the two were travelling in was fire on by a surface-to-air missile, and Tolliver threw Seafort aside to seize the controls and take evasive action. Rather than court-martial and execute Tolliver for touching him, as the strict naval regulations would have demanded, Seafort instead opted to give him administrative punishment, and demoted the Lieutenant to Midshipman. Tolliver remained as Seafort's aide throughout the battle of Hope Nation that followed, and eventually an understanding grew between the two. Seafort would retain Tolliver as his aide, saving his career that had been ruined by his demotion, and Tolliver would have 'special dispensation' to criticise and talk back to Seafort at will, in private. Tolliver served in this capacity throughout Seafort's time as academy commandant, and following the battle of Home System persuaded Seafort to keep the details of how the academy's cadets had been duped into sailing to their deaths in the Fusers secret. Tolliver remained in the Navy, eventually rising to Captain, and during the transpop rebellion attempted to contact Seafort to dissuade him from his course into Earthport's laser batteries. His call was ignored by Philip Seafort. During the naval rebellion Tolliver answered his friend's call to arms, and lead academy cadets in their assault on Lunapolis' laser cannon, although he was unable to seize them in time to prevent their firing on Galactic. When Seafort accepted command of Olympiad, Tolliver turned up on the bridge, unannounced, to offer his services as first lieutenant, an officer Seafort grudgingly accepted. During the second Fish crisis at Hope Nation, Tolliver took command of Olympiad after Seafort was seriously injured by Randy Carr, and again when the Captain was captured by religious extremists. He was relieved of duty and confined to quarters when Lieutenant Sarah Frand seized the ship, and only reluctantly agreed to desist from acting against her on the voyage back to Earth.

Paragraph 17: The earliest sauropterygians appeared about 247 million years ago (Ma), at the start of the Middle Triassic: the first definite sauropterygian with exact stratigraphic datum lies within the Spathian division of the Olenekian era in South China. Early examples were small (around 60 cm), semi-aquatic lizard-like animals with long limbs (pachypleurosaurs), but they quickly grew to be several metres long and spread into shallow waters (nothosaurs). The Triassic-Jurassic extinction event wiped them all out except for the plesiosaurs. During the Early Jurassic, these diversified quickly into both long-necked small-headed plesiosaurs proper, and short-necked large-headed pliosaurs. Originally, it was thought that plesiosaurs and pliosaurs were two distinct superfamilies that followed separate evolutionary paths. It now seems that these were simply morphotypes in that both types evolved a number of times, with some pliosaurs evolving from plesiosaur ancestors, and vice versa.

Paragraph 18: While the Australian Bureau of Meteorology, which is the Regional Specialised Meteorological Centre of the basin, estimates Mahina's peak central pressure to be , the World Meteorological Organization is currently considering an application from Queensland scientists and researchers to have this value upgraded to , based on data from post-storm analysis. This would officially make Mahina the most intense cyclone recorded to have hit the Australian mainland, and the most intense tropical cyclone recorded making landfall anywhere in the world, as well as the most intense tropical cyclone ever recorded in the Southern Hemisphere, a title currently held by Cyclone Winston. Cyclone Mahina also produced the largest storm surge on record, generating a 13-metre (43-foot)-high surge.

Paragraph 19: At only 18 years of age, Harrington was selected by the Indiana Pacers with the 25th overall pick in the 1998 NBA draft, making him the first player born in the 1980s to be drafted by the NBA. Harrington spent six seasons with the Pacers, primarily coming off the bench. Harrington really began to come into his own in the 2001–02 season, in which he averaged 13.1 points and 6.3 rebounds per game, but his season came to an end in a game against the Boston Celtics when he suffered a knee injury that forced him to miss the final 38 games of the season.

Paragraph 20: The primary objection to the theory is the alleged difficulty in explaining how the sound systems of the attested dialects were derived from a parent language in the above form. If the parent language had a typologically unusual system like the traditional , it might be expected to collapse into more typical systems, possibly with different solutions in the various daughter languages, which is what one finds. For example, Indo-Aryan added an unvoiced aspirate series () and gained an element of symmetry; Greek and Italic devoiced the murmured series to a more common aspirate series ( to ); Iranian, Celtic and Balto-Slavic deaspirated the murmured series to modal voice ( to ) and Germanic and Armenian chain-shifted all three series ( > ). In each case, the attested system represents a change that could be expected from the proposed parent. If the system were typologically common, as proposed by the glottalic theory, it might be expected to be stable and so be preserved in at least some of the daughter languages, which is not the case: no daughter language preserves ejective sounds in places that the theory postulates them. Its proponents respond that if Proto-Indo-European did not have true ejectives but some less stable kind of glottalic consonant, their loss would be more understandable, but that undercuts many of the original motivations of the glottalic theory, which are based on ejectives (rather than glottalized consonants) and on the idea of a typologically natural (and so stable) system. Regardless, there are languages in which ejective consonants have voiced allophones, such as Blin and Kw'adza, which has been suggested as an "empirical precedent" for the glottalic theory.

Paragraph 21: Hillier intended to join the military early, at 16. After receiving his father's permission, Hillier submitted his application to join the Canadian Forces in Spring 1972. He initially wanted to be a fighter pilot, but failed the medical examination. He then applied to join the Canadian Forces as an officer cadet at the Royal Military College of Canada but was rejected. At a similar time, he applied to and was accepted by Memorial University of Newfoundland and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. Hillier chose to attend Memorial University, studying biology. While at Memorial University, his application to become an officer cadet was accepted, but he chose to continue studying in Newfoundland as part of the Regular Officer Training Program. 

Paragraph 22: Dasaratha Debbarma, a legendary leader of the Indian Communist movement was born on 2 February 1916 into a poor peasant family in remote Boltali village in the present day Khowai district of Tripura. Since childhood, Dasaratha was very eager to obtain education but it was hardly affordable for his poor family to send him to town for education. Due to his indomitable eagerness, he was later admitted in Khowai primary school. And after he passed matriculation examinations, he was admitted in Brindaban College of Habiganj of Sylhet District under erstwhile East Bengal, as Tripura had no college then. After passing Intermediate and BA, Debbarma got admitted in Calcutta University for MA. Simultaneously, he pursued a law degree.

Paragraph 23: Gubby started his motor sport career in rallying, and also raced a Speedwell-tuned Austin A30 and a 3.8 litre Jaguar before switching to single-seaters in Formula Junior in the early 1960s. During this time, he raced a Lotus Eleven, a Lotus 18, and also a rare Ausper T4. He witnessed the death of his friend Dennis Taylor at a Formula Junior race at Monte Carlo in 1962, later describing it as the worst accident he had seen. Taylor's car touched wheels with that of Denis Hulme, and Taylor crashed into a tree. "I had to dodge all the wreckage and I was nearly sick in the car," Gubby remembered.

Paragraph 24: Before the British period, the center of administration of Assam was around Sivasagar were the famous Ahoms ruled for nearly six hundred years. The Ahom kings took keen interest in building different temples, dedicated to various deities and which were usually flanked by large tanks which until today stand out as memorials to their glory in the district. Sivasagar, or Rangpur as it was known then, was the capital of the Ahom Kingdom from 1699 to 1788. The famous Joysagar Tank was excavated within 45 days by Rudra Singha (1696-1714) in memory of his mother Joymoti Konwari. The Joy Dol is situated on the bank of the Joysagar Tank. Pramatta Singha (1744-1751) built the Ranghar with bricks in 1745. Gaurisagar Tank is situated at a distance of about eight miles from Sivasagar town. The Sivasagar Tank was excavated by queen Ambika Devi in 1733. The Siva Dol, Vishnu Dol and Devi Dol are situated on the bank of the Sivasagar Tank. Rajeshwar Singha (1751-1769) built the Kareng Ghar in Gargaon. Charaideo, about 28 kilometers away from Sivasagar is famous for a cluster of Maidams, the Ahom age tumuli. Sukapha, the first Ahom king, constructed his capital at Charaideo in 1253. Sivasagar was earlier known as Rangpur and Rangpur was earlier known as Meteka. The original name of Sivasagar district was Sibpur. On February 24, 1826, the treaty of Yandaboo consolidated the British occupation of Assam. This treaty of Yandaboo brought an end to the roughly six hundred year long Ahom rule in Assam. After the 1826 treaty, the British government in Assam incorporated a number of administrative changes such as the formation of districts. The Sivasagar district was created after the annexation of Purandar Singha’s dominion of upper Assam in 1839. The Sadar headquarter of Sivasagar was transferred to Jorhat in 1912–13. The undivided old Sivasagar district comprised three subdivisions, namely Sivasagar, Jorhat and Golaghat. In 1983, the Sivasagar district was reorganized to carve out the Jorhat district. It was further divided on 15 August 1987 for the creation of the Golaghat district.

Paragraph 25: In 1996, Icelandic neurologist Kári Stefánsson founded a private company deCODE genetics, to assemble genealogical, genomic and health data from across the population of Iceland – then about 270,000 people. The purpose was to mine this data, under encrypted identifiers generated by the country's Data Protection Authority, to identify genetic variations associated with diseases and to use that information to develop new drugs. As of 2018, more than 160,000 people had contributed DNA and detailed health information to the company's research into the inherited components of common and rare diseases. deCODE has published hundreds of discoveries in cardiovascular and autoimmune diseases, Alzheimer's and other central nervous system diseases, many types of cancer, and dozens of other conditions and traits. Now an independent subsidiary of Amgen, deCODE has provided novel targets now in clinical development and provides human genetics validation across a range of therapeutic areas. In 2018, Stefansson made good on a promise that the company would launch a website that enables Icelanders to request the analysis of their sequence data to determine whether they carry a SNP in the BRCA2 gene that has been linked in Icelanders to significantly increased risk of breast and prostate cancer. More than 10% of the population has used this portal, and the country's national health system has increased clinical testing, counseling and treatment to take advantage of this information for public health.

Paragraph 26: The village grew out of a mainly pastoral industry (mostly sheep farming and dairy produce).  It has a parish church (Anglican), a Nonconformist chapel (Independent), and a local pub (Ye Olde Bull Inn) which served J.W. Lees real ale (from a Manchester brewery). In the 1960s, the village's only shop used to be a bakery and post office also, but the post office has been discontinued. The public house closed its doors to the public as a J.W. Lees owned pub for the last time in May 2018. On the 27th September 2019 the pub re-opened as a Free house.

Paragraph 27: Little programming fulfilling the station's promise was available to the station in the syndication market, with reruns of the Bill Cosby drama I Spy being the highest-profile show, and the only one on WGPR-TV that starred a Black actor. I Spy, Rawhide and Up and Coming were aired as management felt the shows treated Black people respectfully and acceptably. Consequently, channel 62 leaned heavily on local program production, much of it from scratch. Proposed programs included a soap opera, A Time to Live, set at a bar; a live morning show with a studio audience, The Morning Party; and a children's show, The Candy Store, alongside other public service programming. Vice president of programming George White, who joined WGPR-FM in 1970 as program director, boasted that WGPR-TV would "operate as a complete production house". Bill Humphries hosted Speaking of Sports, which focused on local athletics and high school sports. Conrad Patrick, one of the station's 15 White employees on a staff of 48, had planned to host a game show named Countdown. Additional syndicated offerings like The Abbott and Costello Show, Get Smart, Felix the Cat and assorted B-movies comprised the remainder of the schedule. Prior to launch, one distribution company in Puerto Rico was interested in syndicating A Time to Live and The Scene internationally to Argentina and the Caribbean. Several Black-focused public affairs shows—including Black on Black, which WGPR-TV and WEWS-TV jointly produced—and James Brown's syndicated variety series Future Shock were also carried.

Paragraph 28: The Sejm of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth was established by the Union of Lublin in 1569 and merged the Sejm of the Kingdom of Poland and the Seimas of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Both countries had centuries-long tradition of public participation in policy making, traced to the Slavic assembly known as the wiec. The sejmik "little sejm" was a regional or local assembly, among whose later tasks were sending delegates and instructions to the "general sejm".  Another form of public decision making in Poland was that of royal election, which occurred when there was no clear heir to the throne, or the heir's appointment had to be confirmed. With time the power of such assemblies grew, entrenched with milestone privileges obtained by the nobility (szlachta) particularly during periods of transition from one dynasty or royal succession system to another (such as the Privilege of Koszyce of 1374). Tracing the history of the Sejm of Poland, Bardach points to the national assemblies of the early 15th century, Jędruch prefers, as "a convenient time marker", the sejm of 1493, the first recorded bicameral session of the Polish parliament. Sedlar, however, noted that 1493 is simply the first time such a session was clearly recorded in sources, and the first bicameral session might have taken place earlier.

Paragraph 29: Campos Racing hurried to repair the car of pole sitter Valente during the fifteen minutes of repair time and got the car out three seconds before the pit lane closed. His teammate Borković did not get out in time and started the race from the pitlane. Valente started on pole and Michelisz jumped up ahead of Ma, López failed to get away and was sat on the grid as the rest of the field disappeared around the first corner. There was contact as Muller got turned around the front of Bennani as Loeb and Chilton ran wide to avoid the incident. There was contact between Mikhail Kozlovskiy and James Thompson further back while at the start of the second lap Michelisz was defending from Ma who was looking to take back second place. Race leader Valente was issued with a drive–through penalty for not having his wheel fitted at the five-minute warning before the start of the race; the battle between Michelisz and Ma would now become the battle for the lead. On lap three Loeb lost two places to Coronel and Morbidelli, up ahead Ma and Michelisz continued to battle for the lead with Ma trying a pass on Michelisz on the last corner on lap three and four. Chilton ran wide on lap five and then was tapped from behind by Morbidelli, the two incidents dropped him from fourth to outside the points in eleventh. Lap six saw Muller moving up the order and taking the Hondas of Bennani and Monteiro in one move in the opening part of the lap. Valente went into the pit lane to serve his penalty on lap seven as Ma took the lead of the race from Michelisz. Tarquini went off the circuit and after a brief delay resumed near the back of the field before returning his car to the pits to retire. At the end of lap eight Muller moved up to second with a pass on Michelisz who now had his rear bumper hanging off. On lap 12 the second factory Honda of Monteiro slowed down with technical problems which moved René Münnich up into the final points place. Ma and Muller had built up a gap of six seconds to Michelisz in third who was holding off Bennani, Coronel, Loeb and Chilton. Michelisz lost the back of his car on lap 15 and dropped behind Bennani and Coronel and into the clutches of Loeb at the start of the last lap who was himself under attack from Chilton. Despite slowing down at the finish line Ma secured his first WTCC victory ahead of Muller. Bennani took the final podium place with Coronel fourth and Loeb took fifth from Michelisz with a tap on a rear of the Zengő Motorsport Honda at the last corner.

Paragraph 30: Along the northern fringes of Jamaica, appreciable loss to cultivation occurred. Winds at nearby Grand Cayman topped at , destroying nine houses and injuring several people. In the United States, sustained winds southeast of Lake Charles, Louisiana, reached  and gusts peaked around . There, windows were blown from the city hall and upper floor of several downtown structures. Small vessels were overturned, and the downing of trees and signs obstructed highways. A grandstand and fence at the American Legion ballpark were smashed, as well as two planes at the Lake Charles Regional Airport. Hurricane-force winds were estimated in nearby Grand Chenier. Squalls caused damage to structures in Benton and overturned a boat on Cross Lake, causing a man to drown. Another man was found drowned on the western edge of the Calcasieu River. Five people were rescued from their motor boat on Lake Pontchartrain. A small tornado moved through Kinder, causing $2,000 in damage after it destroyed a house and toppled two barns, fencing, and some trees. Throughout the state, the winds caused damage to buildings, wires, oil derricks, piers, and other structures totaling to $133,000. Water levels of  above the mean low tide inundated the coasts of Cameron and Vermillion parishes, and lowlands were flooded to a depth of . Shrimp boats were beached near Creole, and the Intracoastal Ferry—carrying four cars amounting to 20 people—broke its cable, crashing onto a river bank. Torrential rainfall, peaking at  in Koll, caused extensive damage to crops; the rice, cotton, and corn crops in particular were heavily affected, with total damage estimated at $110,000. Several cities saw 24-hour rainfall records. Considerable damage to highways was also noted, with detours or interruption to traffic for  east of the center, particularly in Jefferson Davis Parish. In Texas, damage was confined to the Sabine Pass area, where the cost to piers and highways reached $550. Communications between Port Arthur and Galveston were severed.