Paragraph 1: Born in Reading, Berkshire, he was educated at Leighton Park junior school, Charterhouse and Pembroke College, Cambridge, and at both he was regarded as a batting prodigy. Across the 1950s, he was the most consistent and prolific English batsman in both county (representing Surrey) and Test cricket. He made his Test match debut against South Africa at Headingley in 1951, scoring 138, and was then a regular England player until forced out by illness in the early 1960s. May was one of the Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 1952. May was the natural successor to Leonard Hutton as England captain after the successful defence of the Ashes on the 1954–55 tour of Australia.

Paragraph 2: Union forces under Thomas A. Morris, totaling approximately 4000 troops, beset confederates under confederate general Garnett at Laurel Mountain starting July 7, After less than a week of skirmishing Morris’ force came to a standoff against Garnett’s Confederate force on Laurel Hill.  Occasional sniper and artillery fire plagued both sides amidst inclement weather.  Stiff resistance convinced Morris he faced the main Confederate force.  On July 11, Garnett learned of the Union flanking maneuver at Rich Mountain and decided to withdraw from Laurel Mountain.  The 44th Virginia Infantry was ordered to hold the Beverly Road by engaging Federals to give the appearance of an attack.  With Gen. William Rosecrans’ Union brigade approaching from the South, Garnett abandoned the Beverly Road and withdrew toward Corrick’s Ford on the Cheat River where he was killed.

Paragraph 3: Alexander posted 22 points, 20 rebounds, and 5 blocks in a December 7, 66–62 victory at UIC Pavilion against USA Today Super 25 number 11 ranked Bishop Gorman High School and its highly touted Stephen Zimmerman. Alexander almost had to serve a one-game suspension from the game due to having been assessed two technical fouls on December 1 against St. Rita High School. Alexander had an impressive start to his season. On December 12, he posted a triple double against Dunbar High School with 30 points, 24 rebounds, and 15 blocked shots. That week (December 9–17), he earned the Midwest player of the week from StudentSports.com. As a senior, he finally led Curie past three-time defending tournament champion and four-time defending Class 4A state champion Simeon to win the Pontiac Holiday Tournament with 16 points, 16 rebounds, and 6 blocks, earning tournament MVP honors. Even as a top 5 selection, Alexander's stock continued to rise as a senior, according to the Chicago Sun-Times Joe Henricksen. Some of the stats that Alexander posted were so impressive as to cause disbelief to some, including Chicago Tribune high school basketball writer Mike Helfgot and several of his associates. In early January, Alexander continued to be a leading contender for national player of the year, holding on to second place in the Mr. Basketball USA race. On January 10, Alexander led Curie past Villa Angela-St. Joseph High School, which featured Rivals.com Class of 2015 number 10 ranked Carlton Bragg.  In the January 20 Hoophall Classic, Alexander led Curie to a victory over D'Angelo Russell, Ben Simmons and Montverde Academy, the number one rated team in the country. Curie trailed by 9 points entering the fourth quarter, but Alexander had 13 of his 30 points in the final 4 minutes and 30 seconds to key the comeback. Alexander also had 12 rebounds and 5 blocks. Following the game, several writers, including CBS Sports college basketball writer Jeff Borzello said that Alexander has a valid case to present in terms of being the best high school basketball player in the country (along with Okafor, Turner and Mudiay). High school basketball writer Ronnie Flores regards the performance as one of the top 5 performances against a nationally highly rated high school basketball team since the turn of the century, ranking it with Louis Williams (2005), Kevin Durant (2006), Kevin Love (2007) and LeBron James (2001). The win bolted Curie to the number one ranking in the nation according to StudentSports.com. Alexander's performance moved him to the top of the rankings in the Mr. Basketball USA midseason tracker. He was ranked first by a wide margin and held the number one position on 7 out of 10 ballots.

Paragraph 4: Pope Nicholas III died at his summer retreat at Soriano near Viterbo on 22 August 1280. Guillaume de Bray was one of thirteen cardinals alive at the time of the Pope's death.  His party, the French-Angevin, had sufficient votes to exclude any candidate they considered unfriendly, but the Roman party led by the Orsini was also in the same position.  With a two-thirds vote required for a canonical election, a bitter struggle was inevitable.  The struggle began in Rome as soon as the death was known, with a revolt against the Orsini faction by a pro-Angevin faction headed by Riccardo Annibaldi. When the revolt failed, the Annibaldi fled the city, but then managed to get the people of Viterbo, where the Conclave was meeting, to revolt against their Podestà (Governor), another Orsini papal nephew named Orso Orsini.  Annibaldi became the "Protector of the Conclave", and managed the city for the benefit of the French faction.  There were three Orsini cardinals, however, and with only a little support from two or three of their uncle's cardinals, the French faction could get nowhere. That situation continued for some five months.  But suddenly, on 2 February 1281, the Conclave was invaded by a mob led by Riccardo Annibaldi and six of his captains, and the three Orsini cardinals were seized.  Cardinal Latino Malabranca Orsini was released, but the other two were hauled off to imprisonment.  Three days later, the late Pope's brother, Cardinal Giordano Orsini, was released and allowed to rejoin his colleagues in Conclave.  But Cardinal Matteo Rosso Orsini was held until after the Conclave had concluded.  Even with this degree of intimidation, though, it took the cardinals to agree on a French candidate, Cardinal Simon de Brion, who had been Papal Legate in France for more than a decade, and who had been the leading figure in bringing Charles of Anjou to Italy in the first place.  He chose to be called Martin IV. He immediately approached the Roman leaders, hoping to be crowned at S. Peter's, according to tradition.  He was flatly refused. The Romans wanted nothing to do with the puppet of Charles I and the Annibaldi.  He would not be crowned in Viterbo, since the city was under Interdict and Excommunication for their actions against the Cardinals in Conclave.  Martin IV and the Papal Curia therefore moved to Orvieto, where he was crowned in the Cathedral of S. Pietro on Sunday, March 23, 1281, and where he resided for the next fifteen months. On June 27, 1284, Martin IV was forced to leave Orvieto because of the hostility of Raynerius, the Captain of the People. On October 4, 1284, he arrived in Perugia, where he died on March 28, 1285.

Paragraph 5: On 3 July 2007, Macquarie Media Group announced a takeover bid of Southern Cross Broadcasting, offering AU$17.41 per share for a total value of $1.35 billion. Under the deal, Macquarie would assume Southern Cross Broadcasting's regional television assets – Southern Cross Television, affiliated with the Seven Network; Southern Cross Ten, affiliated with Network Ten; and Tasmanian Digital Television, a joint-venture with WIN Corporation. Its remaining assets, including metropolitan radio stations, Satellite Music Australia and Southern Star Group, were to be onsold to Fairfax Media for AU$520 million. In return, Macquarie would acquire nine regional radio stations from Fairfax – three in Queensland: 4BU and Hitz FM Bundaberg and River 94.9 Ipswich; and six in South Australia: 5AU and Magic 105.9 Port Augusta, 5CC and Magic 89.9 Port Lincoln, and 5RM and Magic 93.1 Renmark. The Australian Communications & Media Authority gave prior approval to the deal, with the caveat that 12 radio stations currently controlled by Macquarie would be sold pursuant to the Broadcasting Services Act 1992. On 17 October, the Australian Competition & Consumer Commission approved the deal, but ruled that the deal for Fairfax to sell nine radio stations to Macquarie would result in a "substantial lessening of competition".

Paragraph 6: The Nokia 3200 is a mobile phone by Nokia, part of the Nokia Expression (youth) series and announced on 12 September 2003. It is based on the Nokia Series 40 platform. The phone is an update of the Nokia 3100, while adding features from the Nokia 7250i and 6610i. The phone's feature set was very similar to the 7250i and 6610i, but featured different software and firmware installed, and was sold at a lower price than the 7250i or 6610i. Of the three phones, the 3200 was mainly targeted towards the youth market, the 7250i towards fashion-conscious users, and the 6610i towards business users. Core features include an XHTML browser, alarm clock, flashlight, EDGE and FM stereo radio with a 128 × 128 12-bit (4096) color screen. The phone has multimedia features such as picture and text messaging. Features carried over from the Nokia 3100 include ringer profiles and voice memo capability. It also has Java games (max downloadable size of game or application cannot exceed 64 kB). The phone has an extensive calendar with a lunar calendar (for the Chinese/Asian variants). The flashlight is located under the phone and can be activated by holding the "star" (asterisk) key. The camera is on the back of the phone. The 3200 can also play both polyphonic and monophonic ringtones. The phone's visual interface in its menu system is similar to that of the Nokia 3100, using large, static icons rather than animated ones.

Paragraph 7: The show's first two episodes, along with the later movie Highlander: Endgame, explain that Duncan MacLeod was a boy adopted into the Clan MacLeod roughly 75 years after Connor's birth. Like Connor, Duncan dies in battle only to miraculously revive, leading the clan to banish him because it is believed he is a demon or changeling. Soon after this, Duncan discovers he was adopted (although his mother considers him no less her son) but never learns his true parentage. Connor MacLeod returns to Scotland in 1625 and finds Duncan, training him in sword fighting and teaching him what it means to be immortal. The two become close friends, though their personalities sometimes clash and eventually they go separate ways, only occasionally reuniting. By the 1990s, when the series opens, Duncan owns an antique shop in the fictional city of Seacouver, Washington, just as Connor owned an antique shop in the first movie. His co-owner is artist Tessa Noël, who has been in a relationship with Duncan for a decade and knows he is immortal. In the first episode, the two meet troubled youth Richie Ryan, who witnesses the arrival of the evil immortal Quince and Duncan's clansman Connor. Realizing that Tessa knows about immortality but not about the Game or the Prize, Connor lectures Duncan on believing he can live a life without worrying about other immortals that may wish to hunt him. After defeating Quince, Duncan believes he must separate from Tessa and romantic attachment in order to keep her safe from the violence of his immortal life, but Connor disagrees. He advises Duncan to mentor Richie and reunites the man with Tessa, then leaves to follow his own path. Duncan, Tessa, and Richie become a close group. Together, they share several adventures dealing with evil immortals who target Duncan, helping immortals who consider Duncan their friend, and providing aid to ordinary people they come across.

Paragraph 8: In Bermuda, cricket and football (soccer) are the most popular sports. Cricket in particular now has a two-day (not including the weekend) holiday dedicated to it, called Cup Match. This tournament continues a tradition that began in 1872 when Captain Moresby of the Royal Navy introduced the game to Bermuda, holding a match at Somerset to mark "forty years since the unjust thraldom of slavery". The formation of civilian clubs followed, though black Bermudians were not permitted to join the first clubs, which were established by whites. Cricket became popular among blacks following the 1895 formation of the Bermuda Militia Artillery, a part-time reserve of the Royal Artillery that recruited blacks. Many blacks were consequently introduced to cricket in the army, and soon formed clubs of their own. The first Cup Match was played in 1902. The East End versus West End rivalry resulted from the locations of the St. George's Garrison (the original army headquarters in Bermuda) on Barrack Hill, St. George's, and the Royal Naval Dockyard at Ireland Island. Moresby founded the Somerset Cricket Club, located near to Royal Navy Field in Somerset, which plays the St. George's Cricket Club, based at Wellington Oval in Wellington (named for Field Marshall Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington, former Commander-in-Chief of the British Army), St. George's, in this game. The whole of Bermuda ground to a complete halt for two days every summer to turn its attention to this cricket game. Venues of the game change yearly between both clubs. The popularity of the annual game was such that it caused continued absences from employment. As a direct result, the 2-day public holiday was first introduced in 1947 and has been in effect ever since. The two days (currently called Emancipation Day and Somers Day) feature a single Cricket match between teams from both ends of the island, a match has been played for over a century. The Island's national Cricket team has also competed internationally.

Paragraph 9: Ravenholm is a fictional ghost town in the first-person shooter video game Half-Life 2, developed by Valve Corporation and released in 2004. It is the main setting for the game's sixth chapter, "We Don't Go to Ravenholm", which follows the game's protagonist, Gordon Freeman, as he journeys through the area in a nighttime escape from Black Mesa East after it is attacked by the Combine, in order to reach the coast. An Eastern European mining town destroyed by a Combine bombardment of ravenous alien headcrabs that turned its residents into hostile zombies, its sole survivor, Father Grigori, offers his assistance to Freeman throughout the level, culminating in a last stand.

Paragraph 10: The town of Tabuco was located near the corner of a river and the lake of Ba-i which was made bancas or raft as the common means of transportation going to the town of Tabuco. There were many trees of kabuyaw growing around the area. The fruit of kabuyaw was used as shampoo. So, when the priest asked for the name of the place, the native women readily answered "kabuyaw", thinking that the priest was asking for the name of the trees growing around the wharf. From then on, the priests and other Spanish officials called the town of Tabuco as Cabuyao.

Paragraph 11: Tobias S. Buckell (born 1979) is a New York Times Bestselling author and World Fantasy Award winner born in the Caribbean. He grew up in Grenada and spent time in the British and US Virgin Islands, which influence much of his work. His novels and almost one hundred stories have been translated into nineteen different languages. His work has been nominated for awards like the Hugo, Nebula, World Fantasy, and the Astounding Award for Best New Science Fiction Author. His 2008 novel, Halo: The Cole Protocol, made The New York Times Best Seller list. He currently lives in Bluffton, Ohio, where he works as an instructor at the Stonecoast MFA in the Creative Writing program.

Paragraph 12: The Sterntal Concentration Camp (, ) was located in Kidričevo. It was a central collection point for the expulsion of ethnic Germans from Slovenia (Ostsiedlung) after the Second World War. The roots of the camp go back to a prisoner of war camp from the First World War, later used as a refugee camp for people displaced by the Battles of the Isonzo. In 1941, following annexation, the German authorities () established a prisoner of war camp at the site to provide labor to build an aluminum smelter (the plant was not completed until 1947–1954, using forced labor by political prisoners from postwar camps). At the beginning of 1942, the camp contained 1,076 workers, 185 criminal internees, and 89 prisoners of war. In 1944, family members of deserters were also forced to work at the camp. In May 1945, under the direction of Aleksandar Ranković, the Yugoslav secret police (OZNA) established a concentration camp at the site to collect ethnic Germans from across Slovenia, especially from Lower Styria and Gottschee. Ethnic Hungarians from Prekmurje were also sent to the camp. Overcrowding and poor hygiene at the camp caused many of the inmates to die from amoebiasis and typhoid fever. The inmates were also physically and mentally tortured, and many were shot. Tortures included forcing the prisoners to lie on the ground while their captors rode motorcycles over them. The deaths included large numbers of the elderly and young children; some accounts state that no children under the age of two survived. The camp, which was designed to accommodate 2,000 people, contained between 8,000 and 12,000 prisoners. Up to 5,000 people died at the camp. The Sterntal Concentration Camp was closed down in October 1945 through the efforts of the Red Cross, and most of the survivors were sent to Austria.

Paragraph 13: Game 1 at the HP Pavilion ended in a 2–1 San Jose victory as the Sharks executed a physical forechecking gameplan and outshot the Oilers 30–16. In Game 2, the Sharks entered the ice to a cheer that eclipsed 109 decibels, and they rode their fans' emotion to another slim 2–1 victory. The Sharks had taken a two-game lead in the series, but were now missing Milan Michalek, one of their best offensive forwards. Michalek had been blasted in open ice by Oilers' forward Raffi Torres in Game 2. When the teams returned to Rexall Place for Game 3, the Edmonton crowd exploded; the noise in the building eclipsed 114 decibels as the Oilers came onto the ice. The Oilers parlayed the noise into inspired play, running roughshod all over the ice and outshooting the Sharks 15–2 by the end of the first period. Sharks goaltender Vesa Toskala held tough, however, and the Oilers only took a 1–0 lead into the first intermission. By the third period, the Sharks had taken a 2–1 lead, and it stood until Torres tied the game with a wrist-shot as he came down the wing. The game went into overtime, and the Sharks nearly ended it on a 2-on-1 rush, as Thornton passed to Cheechoo for the shot, but Dwayne Roloson dove across the crease and sniped the puck out of mid-air. The game finally ended in the third overtime, as the Oilers' top line of Horcoff, Hemsky and Smyth worked a passing play into the San Jose crease, where Horcoff jammed the puck in the San Jose goal for the Edmonton win. In Game 4 in Edmonton, the Oilers were trailing 3–2 in the second period when Sergei Samsonov's penalty expired and he was sent in alone on Toskala. To everyone's shock, Toskala came charging out of the net to get the puck before Samsonov. Toskala lost the puck and Samsonov slid a backhand into the open net to tie the game. The Edmonton crowd exploded in delight, and the Oilers never looked back, cruising to a 6–3 win. Game 5 in San Jose was the site of an unfortunate incident: the American feed of the Game 4 broadcast in Edmonton had picked up background noise during the playing of the American National Anthem. San Jose fans had thought it was booing, and in Game 5, a majority of San Jose fans booed the entire Canadian National Anthem. The game itself saw the Oilers carry over the momentum they gained from Game 4, and they struck for three powerplay goals and one shorthanded goal en route to another 6–3 win. In Game 6 in Edmonton, the Edmonton crowd loudly cheered the singing of the American anthem, and then joined anthem singer Paul Lorieau in a throaty and passionate rendition of "O Canada." The Oilers picked up where they had left off in the previous game – they stymied the Sharks' high-scoring forwards and Dwayne Roloson made 24 saves for his first career playoff shutout as the Oilers eliminated the Sharks in six games. The Oilers had earned a trip to the Western Conference Finals for the first time since 1991–92.

Paragraph 14: Blast fishing in Indonesia has been around for over fifty years and continues to damage its coral reefs, as fishermen continue to use explosives or cyanide to kill or stun their prey. Dive operators and conservationists say Indonesia is not doing enough to protect the waters off the Komodo Islands. They say enforcement declined following the exit of a U.S.-based conservation group that helped fight destructive fishing practices. Coral Gardens that were among Asia's most spectacular dive sites, were the latest victim of bomb blasting despite being located inside the Komodo National Park, a 500,000-acre reserve and U.N. World Heritage Site. The use of bombs made with kerosene and fertilizer is very popular in the region. While previously Komodo was relatively protected by a cooperative undertaking with TNC (The Nature Conservancy) since the Indonesian government has assumed responsibility for park protection, there has been an upsurge in bombing. During a recent visit to Crystal Bommie, it was found to be 60% destroyed, with freshly overturned coral tables proving recent bombing.  In the market in the city of Makassar, an estimated 10 to 40 percent of the fish are caught in this manner. The local fishermen find the technique to be easier and more productive than traditional methods. The goal for the country has been to implement stricter policies and fisheries management programs to limit the killing of the fish as well as the destruction of the marine ecosystem. Forty years ago, blast fishing was practiced with dynamite which was in plentiful supply after World War II. Today, fishermen mostly use homemade bombs that are made from bottles filled with an explosive mixture; weights are also added to make the bottle sink faster underwater. After the bomb explodes, the fish killed or stunned by the shock wave from the explosion are collected.

Paragraph 15: According to Simon Payaslian, a tentative scholarly consensus classifies the Soviet famine (at least in Ukraine) as a genocide, whereas John Archibald Getty states that the scholarly consensus classifies the Holodomor as a policy blunder that affected many nationalities, rather than some genocidal plan. Scholars say that it remains a significant issue in modern politics and dispute whether Soviet policies would fall under the legal definition of genocide. Several scholars have disputed that the famine was a genocidal act by the Soviet government, including Stephen G. Wheatcroft, R. W. Davies, and Mark Tauger. Getty says that the "overwhelming weight of opinion among scholars working in the new archives [...] is that the terrible famine of the 1930s was the result of Stalinist bungling and rigidity rather than some genocidal plan." Wheatcroft says that the Soviet government's policies during the famine were criminal acts of fraud and manslaughter, though not outright murder or genocide. In regard to the Soviet state's reaction to this crisis, Wheatcroft comments: "The good harvest of 1930 led to the decisions to export substantial amounts of grain in 1931 and 1932. The Soviet leaders also assumed that the wholesale socialisation of livestock farming would lead to the rapid growth of meat and dairy production. These policies failed, and the Soviet leaders attributed the failure not to their own lack of realism but to the machinations of enemies. Peasant resistance was blamed on the kulaks, and the increased use of force on a large scale almost completely replaced attempts at persuasion." Wheatcroft says that Soviet authorities refused to scale down grain procurements despite the low harvest, and that "[Wheatcroft and his colleague's] work has confirmed – if confirmation were needed – that the grain campaign in 1932/33 was unprecedentedly harsh and repressive." Joseph Stalin biographer Stephen Kotkin supports a similar view, stating that while "there is no question of Stalin's responsibility for the famine" and many deaths could have been prevented if not for the "insufficient" and counterproductive Soviet measures, there is no evidence for Stalin's intention to kill the Ukrainians deliberately. There are letters from Grigory Petrovsky and Vlas Chubar to Stalin and Molotov stating that "At least 100 districts require urgent supply assistance" enforcing the fact the Stalin was well aware of what was going on. While Mark Tauger considers the famine to be the result of natural factors stating that "the harsh 1932–1933 procurements only displaced the famine from urban areas" but the low harvest "made a famine inevitable." Ultimately concluding that it is difficult to accept the famine "as the result of the 1932 grain procurements and as a conscious act of genocide" he still concurs with Wheatcroft that "the regime was still responsible for the deprivation and suffering of the Soviet population in the early 1930s", and "if anything, these data show that the effects of [collectivization and forced industrialization] were worse than has been assumed."

Paragraph 16: A few months later in April the 6th Division was sent to Greece in order to defend against a possible German invasion of that nation. The invasion took place as anticipated, although in the end the British and Commonwealth forces were unable to stem the tide of the German onslaught. The 2/5th Battalion began the campaign at Kalambaka on 14 April. In a series of withdrawals made necessary by the lightning advance of German forces, it was pushed back all the way to the port of Kalamata, where it was evacuated a couple of weeks later on 27 April 1941. The battalion lost 21 men killed, 26 wounded and 47 as prisoners of war; most of the prisoners were drivers who were captured having been unable to make it out in time. The majority of the battalion, consisting of 560 personnel, was evacuated to Alexandria, and from there concentrated in Palestine; a few –  74 men – in the confusion of the evacuation were landed on Crete, where they formed a composite battalion along with other 17th Brigade units and personnel, including about 260 personnel from the 2/6th Battalion. These personnel were assigned to Cremor Force in the Suda Sector, and occupied a position around Kalami. They then took part in the Battle of Crete following the German invasion on 20 May, during which the majority of the 2/5th personnel assigned to the composite battalion were captured. The battalion's casualties for the campaign amounted to three killed in action or died of wounds, three wounded and 58 captured. Six men from the battalion are known to have evaded capture during the fighting in Greece or Crete, although one of these was later killed in action while fighting alongside Yugoslav resistance forces. Those that were taken prisoner were eventually moved to camps in Germany or Poland until they were liberated at the end of the war.

Paragraph 17: Realizing that the new HouseGuests would be nominated for eviction, Cassi, Dominic, Keith, and Lawon formed "The Regulators" alliance, which featured one member from each of the four new duos. Meanwhile, the returning players realized they needed to get some of the new HouseGuests on their side, leading to Dick making a deal with Porsche in which she would work with the returning players. Porsche later informed her partner Keith about this plan, and attempted to get him on board with the plan; Keith later told his Regulators alliance about this, leading to them deciding to target Porsche. On Day 4, HouseGuests competed in the "One Small Step for Cows, One Giant Leap for Milk Kind" Have-Not competition. For this competition, HouseGuests split into three teams and were required to jump into a crater of milk to allow their fellow team members to squeeze it out of them; the first two teams to fill up six jugs would be the winners, while the last team would be the Have-Nots for the week. The team of Cassi, Kalia, Lawon, and Shelly were the Have-Nots for the week. The Veterans alliance later decided they wanted Porsche to receive a Golden Key in an attempt to gain her vote for future evictions. On Day 5, Rachel chose to nominate Keith and Porsche for eviction. On Day 6, Dick chose to walk from the game due to an urgent personal matter. He later revealed in an interview with People that when the producers called him into the Diary Room on Day 6, though the preliminary tests were inconclusive, they informed him there was a possibility that he was HIV-positive; this was later found to be the case. Due to his decision, Daniele received the first Golden Key. The game continued as normal, with Rachel's nominations remaining intact. When picking players for the Power of Veto competition, Jeff and Jordan were selected to compete; Adam was selected to host. On Day 7, HouseGuests competed in the "Faster Than a Speeding Veto" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, one member of the pair lifted their partner into the air by a zipline, with this HouseGuest attempting to solve a puzzle while suspended in the air; the first duo to complete their puzzle would win the Power of Veto. Brendon and Rachel were the winners of the Power of Veto. On Day 9, Brendon and Rachel chose not to use the Power of Veto on the nominated duo. Both Keith and Porsche believed they had the votes to stay, with Keith not realizing that Kalia and Shelly had made deals with the Veterans alliance to save themselves. On Day 13, Keith became the first HouseGuest to be evicted from the house in a vote of six to four; as she lost her partner, Porsche received the second Golden Key of the season.

Paragraph 18: In 1757 Wilkie published in nine books The Epigoniad, based on the fourth book of the Iliad and written in heroic couplets like Alexander Pope's Homer. To a second edition in 1759 he appended an ingenious apologetic "Dream in the manner of Spenser". This edition gained warm praise for The Epigoniad from David Hume, in a letter to The Critical Review, complaining that the journal had unduly depreciated the poem when first published. He gains a mention from a character in Tobias Smollett's epistolary novel The Expedition of Humphry Clinker as one of Scotland's "many authors of the first distinction... as agreeable in conversation as they are instructive and entertaining in their writings." In 1768 Wilkie published a small volume of 16 fables in iambic tetrameter reminiscent of John Gay, with a "Dialogue between the Author and a Friend" in heroics. The 16th, "The Hare and the Partan" (i. e. crab), is in Scottish Midlothian dialect.

Paragraph 19: The road crosses the Big Timber Creek into Camden County, running along the border of Runnemede to the north and Gloucester Township to the south. CR 544 splits from Route 41 by heading east-northeast on Evesham Road, continuing along the Runnemede/Gloucester Township border through residential areas, crossing Route 168 (Black Horse Pike). After this intersection, the road heads past a mix of homes and businesses, reaching the CR 736 junction. CR 544 enters more residential surroundings with occasional businesses as it forms the border between Magnolia to the north and Gloucester Township to the south before fully entering Magnolia. The route crosses Conrail Shared Assets Operations' Beesleys Point Secondary railroad line and CR 727 in quick succession before coming to CR 669 and reaching the US 30 junction. CR 544 passes homes as it leaves Magnolia and forms the border between Lawnside to the north and Somerdale to the south, reaching a junction with CR 668. After crossing Coopers Creek, the road heads more east along the border between Cherry Hill to the north and Voorhees Township to the south, intersecting CR 679 before passing under the PATCO Speedline and NJ Transit's Atlantic City Line near the Ashland PATCO station. CR 544 passes more residential development and crosses CR 670 before reaching a junction with CR 561 and CR 678 farther east. At this intersection, the route widens to four lanes, passing the Woodcrest Country Club. The route enters less dense wooded residential development before passing Holly Ravine Farm and reaching the CR 673 junction. From here, the road passes Stafford Farm, along with a mix of woods and development. The road passes to the north of the former Virtua Voorhees Hospital prior to crossing CR 675. CR 544 continues past residential subdivisions and businesses, including the Voorhees Main Street Complex, as it crosses over CR 671. Before approaching the Burlington County line, CR 544 passes Congregation M'Kor Shalom, a synagogue on the Cherry Hill side.

Paragraph 20: A massive Soviet assault sliced through the German lines and Army Group North was completely isolated from its neighbour. Strachwitz was trapped outside the pocket, and Panzerverband von Strachwitz was reformed, this time from elements of the 101st Panzer Brigade of panzer-ace Oberst Meinrad von Lauchert and the newly formed SS Panzer Brigade Gross under SS-Sturmbannführer Gross. Inside the trapped pocket, the remaining panzers and StuG IIIs of the Hermann von Salza and the last of Jähde's Tigers were formed into another Kampfgruppe to attack from the inside of the trap. On 19 August 1944, the assault, which had been dubbed Unternehmen Doppelkopf (Operation Doppelkopf) got underway. It was preceded by a bombardment by the Cruiser Prinz Eugen's 380mm guns, which destroyed forty-eight T-34s assembling in the square at Tukums. Contact was restored between the army groups. The 101.Panzerbrigade was now assigned to the army detachment "Narwa at the Emajõgi River Front in Estonia, bolstering the defenders' armour strength. Disaster had been averted, but the warning was clear. Army Group North was extremely vulnerable to being cut off. In 1944, the Red Army lifted the siege of Leningrad and re-conquered the Baltic area along with much of Ukraine and Belarus. However, some 200,000 German troops held out in Courland. They were besieged with their backs to the Baltic Sea. They were senselessly stuck there; the Red Army naturally did not pay much attention while concentrating its men and weapons on the attacks on East Prussia, Silesia, Pomerania, and ultimately Berlin. Colonel-General Heinz Guderian, the Chief of the German General Staff, insisted to Adolf Hitler that the troops in Courland should be evacuated by sea and used for the defense of the Reich. However, Hitler refused and ordered the German forces in Courland to hold out. He believed them necessary to protect German submarine bases along the Baltic coast.

Paragraph 21: Born in Chicago, Illinois to Swedish Baptist parents, Olson grew up in northern Wisconsin where he developed his lifelong interest in the outdoors. They moved first to Sister Bay, then Prentice, then Ashland.   In June 1921, Olson took his first canoe trip where he fell in love with the canoe country wilderness of northern Minnesota that would become the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (with his help).  His first article, an account of a canoe expedition, was published by the Milwaukee Journal on July 31, 1921. In August of that year, Olson married Elizabeth Dorothy Uhrenholdt, and the two spent their honeymoon on another canoe trip in the Boundary Waters. He worked as a canoe guide for J.C. Russell's outfitters on Fall Lake in Winton, Minnesota, before purchasing the business in 1929.  Circa 1931 Olson ran Border Lakes Outfitters outside of Winton MN on the west end of Fall Lake serving the boundary waters area.

Paragraph 22: Legend has it that clan names and the matrilineal kinship system came from a response to issues that arose during the Haudenosaunee mourning process. Prior to clans being created, the entire Oneida village would mourn after the death of a village member. This caused problems as important decisions were put on hold during the time of mourning. Village leaders were at a loss as to how to continue everyday life while at the same time observing traditional mourning practices. A young village member approached the leaders with a possible solution.  He suggested sending three female elders to the nearby river and having them build a fire and spend the night. At first light the following morning the women were to pray to the Creator and take notice of the first animal that approached the river. Once the women had seen an animal, they were to report back to the village leaders. The elders put the young man's plan into action. Three women were sent to the river. Upon their return one woman reported that she had seen a turtle at the edge of the river. The second woman reported seeing a wolf running along the river. The third woman stated that she had seen a bear feeding in the river along the rocks. Following the reports of the women, village leaders named the Oneida clans the Turtle, Wolf and Bear clans. They determined that a village member's clan would be passed through the mother's line from generation to generation, as women have the Creator's gift to create life.  The Oneida Nation is still a matrilineal kinship society. After the clans were established, the people developed their practices for a mourning process. When there was a death in the village, the clan members of that person would mourn. The members of a second clan would console them, and the members of the third clan would carry on village business as usual.

Paragraph 23: A computer gamer who wakes up in the world of the fantasy game he has been playing to find himself transformed into the avatar he has been using in the game. In this world, he uses the name "Arc", which is the name of his game character; in the anime, Ariane's mother Glenys nicknames him "Arcky", and in Book 4 of the light novel series he takes the surname "Lalatoya" in honor of the elf village he has been granted permission to enter. His physical appearance in this world is extremely tall (two meters), and the armor he wears gives him the appearance of being powerfully built (his physical strength is actually quite superhuman; in the light novels a single punch can either knock off a foe's head or go right through the body; in Episode 11 of the anime even a mere head-flick is enough to send large men flying; and he is also able to wield his two-handed two-meter-long broadsword the Holy Sword of Caladbolg quite easily with one hand while ordinary people find it too heavy to even pick up). He also alters his speaking voice to sound deeper and more masculine, as befits his game character. The armor he wears is silver-colored with colored highlights; in the light novels the highlights are blue, while in the anime the highlights are gold-colored, and while the armor looks quite massive and heavy he does not feel any discomfort and seems able to move about quite easily and freely in it. Since the series begins with him waking up in this world, there is no current information as to his real name, what he really looks like, his past in his original world or how he arrived in/was transported to this world. It is obvious from the beginning that he has a strong moral sense and is always ready and willing to help or defend endangered or oppressed beings, whether humans, elves or beast people; he also is extremely polite (which, considering his size and supposed status as a "knight" due to his armor, surprises most ordinary people) and never hesitates to admit when a person, whether male or female, is his equal (such as the ninja Goemon) or superior in any way (such as Ariane, Glenys and Chiyome). He can get quite excited at certain things, but he is surprisingly quite unflappable in battle, even against giant monsters, and only gets angry once in the anime upon hearing the fate of captured elves at the hands of monster tamer Fumba. He proves to be a fairly talented cook when, in Volumes 5 and 6 of the light novel series, he whips up tasty meals for himself and his companions using local variants of ingredients from his home world, much to Ariane's surprise.

Paragraph 24: Borneo island, made up of three countries which are Malaysia (Sabah and Sarawak), Brunei (Sultanate) and Indonesia (Kalimantan), is the third largest island in the world. Borneo island is a region that is rich in biodiversity. It consists of 15,000 plant species, and more than 1,400 amphibians, birds, fish, mammals, reptiles and insects. One of the amazing plants that you can find in Borneo is Rafflesia, which is the largest flower in the world. First of all, Borneo covers an area of  with different biomes. Biomes refer to the major ecological community, which predominant vegetation and characterized by adaptations of organisms to that particular environment. Borneo forests are some of the most biodiverse on the planet and with ideal climate to contain organisms. Some of the forests in Borneo are tropical rainforests, mangroves swamp forests, peat swamp forests, montane forests, heath forests and dipterocarp forests. These physically diverse habitat provide different conditions for different organisms to live. Therefore, the biodiversity is increasing as the organisms have found their own favorite habitat to live. For example, orange utan exist only on the islands of Borneo and Sumatra because orange utan is dependence on forests for fruits and shelters. Another factor contribute to the high level of biodiversity in Borneo is the evolution of species in Borneo. Evolution can be defined as all the changes that have occurred in living things since beginning of life. Evolution provide the better adaptation for the species. There is still many undiscovered species in Borneo. One of the recent new species discovered in Borneo is the lungless frog, which can fly. The high level of biodiversity will be formed if there is a small variation in environmental conditions and a moderate amount of disturbance. A stable condition is favored by species if compared to unstable condition. Species can develop and reproduce if the situation is favorable. No doubt, a disaster can totally cause extinction to an area, for example: flood in Thailand (2011). However, a small or moderate amount of disturbance may increase the biodiversity as well. This has happened when farmers burn a small area of forest for their plantation. Glacial phenomena on Mount Kinabalu as evidence of the snow fall and ice-capped mountains in the hot equatorial region [and ice sheet on lowland areas in the temperate regions described in many other papers]. The effects of LGM were for the Last Glacial Maximum, temperatures  lower than at present are recorded. Globally, because of lowering of temperature caused climate change, ice/snow built up on mountains, there was a break in the hydrological cycle so that the water was not discharged back into the rivers and seas. Thus the sea level dropped to 120 m from the present. Vegetational belts and mammalian communities underwent major reorganisation. All shallow seabeds were exposed causing Peninsular Malaysia to be connected by land-bridges to Borneo, Sumatra, Java and Bali to become a big landmass changing the wind direction, sea current, and separating the population into several isolated forested refuges.

Paragraph 25: Buharimeter project, supported by the Open Society Initiative for West Africa (OSIWA), was a tool designed to track over 222 election pledges made by President Muhammadu Buhari, and the All Progressives Congress (APC) to Nigerians before the 2015 general elections. Sequel to the release of the One Year Assessment report, its key findings were referenced in numerous opinion pieces and articles authored by political commentators and scholars. For example, in July 2016, Emmanuel Ugwu, in his article titled "Why Buhari Must Watch Buharimeter", drew the attention of President Buhari to the importance of Buharimeter as a tool for objective assessment of its administration. According to Ugwu, "Buhari ought to face the mirror of his campaign promises every day of his finite tenure. He should respect the Buharimeter as the reflection of his vows and accomplishments. This will furnish him with the right perspective he needs to secure a befitting legacy." Buharimeter's one-year report did provide a synopsis of citizens' perception of the implications of the actions of the government and also revealed the degree to which Nigerians were aware of campaign promises and the actions carried out to achieve them. Knowledge about the existence of the Buharimeter and its findings have taken a global outlook. Aside from highlighting how the initiative was widely reported internationally, Buharimeter is now listed as one of the promise tracking initiatives on the Duke Reporters' Lab.  The one-year report was the fifth report released since the launch of the project. Others include 30 days, 60 days, 100 days, 7 months' and mid-term assessment reports published in July 2017, and can be viewed on Buharimeter reports. In May 2018, President Muhammadu Buhari would have been in office for 3 years, the Buharimeter team at the Centre for Democracy and Development was expected to release a third-year report which should score the performance of Nigeria's President after 3 years.

Paragraph 26: King's loss was only the start of things to come for Manly. On Friday, 26 August 2011, Manly hosted the Melbourne Storm at Brookvale Oval for the penultimate match of the regular season. Melbourne was then on top of the NRL ladder and looking to secure the minor premiership; Manly was in second place. The two clubs had been rivals since they played 2007 and 2008 grand finals, winning one apiece. The one thing that united the club's fans was a mutual dislike for the NRL's chief executive David Gallop. Gallop had decided to strip Melbourne of its 2007 and 2009 premierships for salary cap breaches. He had also angered Manly by suspending Brett Stewart in 2009 for his behaviour at an official event; Stewart was charged with, and subsequently acquitted of, committing rape after the event. Gallop decided to attend the Friday night match, in front of a packed Brookvale Oval crowd of 20,059, leaving Manly to consider hiring security guards to protect him. The match that ensued earned the name "The Battle of Brookvale". In the first half of the match, a skirmish broke out between Manly's Darcy Lussick and Melbourne's Ryan Hinchcliffe. A number of players joined the brawl, including Manly's Glenn Stewart and Melbourne's Adam Blair, who the referee decided to send to the sin bin. As Stewart and Blair left the field for their ten minutes on the sidelines, a fight broke out between them. A series of Manly and Melbourne players ran from the field and the sideline benches to join the fight, giving rise to a large brawl in front of Brookvale Oval's main stand. Stewart and Blair were both sent off for the remainder of the match, which Manly went on to win. Manly suffered four suspensions arising from the match: Stewart and Lussick were suspended for three weeks each as the brawls' principal protagonists, while Foran and Stewart's brother Brett received lesser suspensions for their parts in the melee. Each club was fined $50,000 by the NRL. Gallop said after the match: "The sight of so many players from both teams fighting, of people running in and leaving the bench area, was an horrendous look for the game." The fallout from the match also claimed the scalp of Manly's long-serving media manager and former player Peter Peters, who was stood down and then sacked for making a sexist comment to a female reporter when leaving an NRL judiciary hearing for Glenn Stewart. Meanwhile, Manly winger David Williams suffered a neck injury in the match that would end his season.

Paragraph 27: Though Colman, we may assume, lived mainly with his own countrymen at Inishbofin, he took a deep and practical interest in his new foundation at Mayo—"Mayo of the Saxons", as it came to be called. In the year 670, with his consent, its first canonical abbot was appointed. This was Gerald, the son of a northern English king, who, annoyed at the way Colman's most cherished convictions had been slighted at Whitby, resolved to follow him to Ireland. The school gained greatly in fame for sanctity and learning under this youthful abbot. About 679  Adamnan, the illustrious biographer of Columba, visited Mayo and according to some writers, ruled there for seven years after Gerald's death. This latter statement is not, on the face of it, improbable if Gerald, as Colgan thinks, did not live after 697; but the Four Masters give the date of his death as 13 March 726, and the "Annals of Ulster" put the event as late as 731. After Gerald's death there are only the record of isolated facts concerning the school he ruled so wisely and loved so well, but they are often facts of considerable interest and importance. The monastery was burned due to a lightning strike in 783, It burned again in 808; also—but only in the old "Life of St. Gerald" —that it was plundered by Turgesius the Dane in 818. That the monastic grounds were regarded as exceptionally holy we can gather from the entry that Domhnall, son of Torlough O'Conor, Lord of North Connacht, "the glory and the moderator and the good adviser of the Irish people" (d. 1176), was interred therein. That it had the status of an episcopal see long after the Synod of Kells (1152), is clear from the entry under the date of 1209, recording the death of "Cele O'Duffy, Bishop of Magh Eo of the Saxons."

Paragraph 28: The squadron moved on board  on 24 January 1945, along with VF-84 and VMF-221. This was the first fast-carrier deployment with three Corsair squadrons. As a new member of CVG-84, collectively known as the "Wolf Gang", CV-17 sailed westward across the Pacific. They flew their first combat sorties on February 16, against targets near Tokyo. The "Blue Devils" scored their first kill during the initial combat mission, but also suffered their first casualty. Lieutenant Forrest P. Brown was shot down by anti-aircraft fire, and was last seen floating in the water. On 18 March, they focused their fury on Kyushu, destroying the Myazaki and Omura air fields and bagging another kill. On 3 April, the "Blue Devils" had a field day in knocking down 11 Japanese planes, and on 12 April, they brought down 16 kamikazes.  Major Archie Donahue, the XO, shot down three Vals and two Zekes, thus becoming the first carrier-based Marine "ace-in-a-day" and adding to the nine previous kills that he scored with VMF-112 in 1943. 11 May was pivotal for VMF-451 and the other "Wolf Gang" members of Bunker Hill. It started on a positive note, as First Lieutenant J.S. Norris Jr. shot down a Zeke near Amami, bringing VMF-451's score to 34 confirmed kills. At 1005 hours, Bunker Hill was struck by two kamikazes, each carrying a bomb that was released prior to impact. Bunker Hill immediately began to burn and the smoke attracted more kamikazes. However, none of the suicide planes were able to penetrate the flak, and Bunker Hill was spared any more hits. The flames were eventually extinguished and CV-17 limped back to Ulithi, then Pearl Harbor, and finally arrived for battle-damage repair at Puget Sound, Washington, on 3 June 1945. VMF-451 rejoined the ground echelon at Marine Corps Air Station El Toro to remain until the end of the war. They earned a Presidential Unit Citation for their efforts in the Japan, Bonins and Ryukyus campaigns, and were deactivated on 10 September 1945.

Paragraph 29: Kilkenny were forced to withdraw from the championship in the early 1940s because of an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in the county. They regained the Leinster title in 1943, but Antrim pulled off the biggest hurling shock of all-time by defeating 'the Cats' in the All-Ireland semi-final. In 1946, Kilkenny were back in the championship decider, this time taking on Cork. The first-half saw both sides trade the lead on several occasions. However, in the second half Cork scored five goals to deny Kilkenny for the second consecutive occasion. The Cork-Kilkenny rematch took place in the 1947 All-Ireland final. Cork were aiming to win a sixth All-Ireland title in seven years, while Kilkenny were hoping to avoid being the first team in history to lose three All-Ireland finals in-a-row. Kilkenny were leading for much of the game. However, Cork scored two late goals to nearly win the match. Terry Leahy scored the winning point once again for Kilkenny to give the county its thirteenth All-Ireland title. The All-Ireland victory in 1947 ushered in a lean period in Kilkenny hurling that lasted for over a decade. The 1957 All-Ireland final saw Kilkenny take on Waterford for the first time in the history of the championship. Waterford led with fifteen minutes left in the match. However, Kilkenny fought back to win by 4–10 to 3–12. In the 1963 All-Ireland final, Waterford fought back from being 11-points down. However, Kilkenny won by two points. In 1964 Kilkenny faced the 1961 & 1962 champions Tipperary in the All Ireland final, on this occasion they were beaten by a dominant physical Tipperary team. 1967 saw Kilkenny win another Leinster title before lining out in their fourth All-Ireland final of the decade.  Tipp again provided the opposition; however, Kilkenny got goals at vital times and secured victory. It was Kilkenny's first championship victory against their rivals Tipperary in 44 years of Championship hurling.

Paragraph 30: Five-time Wimbledon winner, defending champion and World No. 1 Roger Federer advanced to the tournament's quarterfinals for the seventh time in ten participations past former World No. 1 and 2002 Wimbledon titlist Lleyton Hewitt after less than two hours of play, on the score of 7–6(7), 6–2, 6–4, while second seed, 2006 and 2007 finalist Rafael Nadal left no hopes to seventeenth seed Mikhail Youzhny, as he defeated the Russian 6–3, 6–3, 6–1. 2004 Wimbledon semifinalist and ATP No. 43 Mario Ančić was led two-sets-to-love by Nottingham finalist and twenty-second seed Fernando Verdasco, when he started a comeback, winning the third set, and overcoming Verdasco's 4–1 lead to take the fourth, to ultimately win the match, after the two players repeatedly broke each other in the one-hour-and-half-long fifth set, on the final score of 3–6, 4–6, 6–3, 6–4, 13–11, after nearly four hours of play, and set a rematch of the 2006 Wimbledon quarterfinal against Federer. Thirty-first-seeded Feliciano López climbed back from being led two-sets-to-one, and saved three match points, the third one with an ace on his second service, to finally beat tenth seed, 2006 semifinalist and 2007 Wimbledon quarterfinalist Marcos Baghdatis after almost four hours of play, 5–7, 6–2, 3–6, 7–6(4), 8–6. In the first fourth round match involving two unseeded players, ATP No. 94 and 2003 Australian Open runner-up Rainer Schüttler dominated ATP No. 40, victor of Andy Roddick, Serbian Janko Tipsarević 6–3, 3–6, 6–4, 7–6(4), and in the second one, 2001 Australian Open runner-up and 2007 Wimbledon doubles champion, ATP No. 145 Arnaud Clément outplayed nineteen-year-old Croatian, ATP No. 55 Marin Čilić, in straight sets 6–3, 7–5, 6–2. Former World No. 1 Marat Safin eliminated a third consecutive seed in the tournament, as he beat Rome Masters finalist Stan Wawrinka for the first time in three encounters, on the score of 6–4, 6–3, 5–7, 6–1, to match his best result in Wimbledon, a 2001 quarterfinal. Eighth seed, 2007 Wimbledon semifinalist, Frenchman Richard Gasquet entirely dominated his adversary, twelfth seed, British Andy Murray during two sets, and up to the end of the third one, when he served to win the match, before Murray broke the Frenchman back and won the set's tie-break, eventually taking back the control of the encounter, racing through the fourth set and breaking early in the fifth to win, in almost complete darkness, at 21:30 (UTC+1), after four hours of play, on the score of 5–7, 3–6, 7–6(3), 6–2, 6–4, and, reaching his first Grand Slam quarterfinal, complete the round of eight line up.