Paragraph 1: Babbitt is credited with inventing the first circular saw for use in a saw mill in 1813. According to the Shakers, Babbitt was watching men use the difficult two-man whipsaw when she noticed that half of their motion was wasted. She proposed creating a round blade to increase efficiency. The circular saw was connected to a water-powered machine to reduce the effort to cut lumber. The first circular saw she allegedly made is in Albany, New York. In the summer of 1948, a version of Babbitt's saw, built to her specifications, was on display at a Shaker exhibit at Fenimore House in Cooperstown, N. Y., as a loan from the New York State Museum. Because Babbitt did not patent her circular saw and the reference to her invention exists only in Shaker lore, there is controversy over whether she was the true first inventor of the saw. According to some accounts, two French men patented the circular saw in the United States after reading about Babbitt's saw in Shaker papers. M. Stephen Miller argues that Babbitt was not the first inventor of the circular saw, based upon the date that she joined the sect. He contends that the circular saw was invented at Mount Lebanon Shaker Village by Amos Bishop or Benjamin Bruce in 1793 — or not by a Shaker at all. 

Paragraph 2:  The story starts in 1776, with conspirators led by the turncoat Thomas Hickey managing to kidnap George Washington and deliver him to the British commander, Sir William Howe. Transported by a British warship, Washington was taken to the Tower of London, to await trial on charges of High treason. However, the revolutionary Thomas Paine secretly traveled to England and with the help of British radicals effected a dramatic prison break. Paine and the freed Washington boarded a ship captained by John Paul Jones, which eluded the Royal Navy and arrived triumphantly at Boston. Paine was venerated as a hero and appointed as Washington's second in command. Throughout the rest of the Revolutionary War the two of them together led the American forces. There was, however, a fundamental difference between  Washington's conservatism and Paine's radical ideas, which came into the open once independence was achieved. Eventually, Washington and Paine became bitter political foes. Following the first presidential election in 1789, Washington was elected President and Paine – Vice President, but there was increasing friction between them which culminated in a violent clash in August 1790. Washington was killed by a militia supporting Paine. He himself denied responsibility and expressed "great regret" at Washington's death. In the aftermath, Paine assumed the Presidency but was regarded as an illegal usurper by a considerable part of the American public. Paine initially sought to mollify his opponents and reach a compromise, but in vain. After surviving three assassination attempts and facing several armed insurrections, Paine saw no alternative but resorting to increasingly harsh measures against his opponents. These tarnished his reputation and earned him the nickname "The American Robespierre". In the face of mounting opposition, Paine tried to rally his followers, including radical intellectuals and working-class crowds, around a program of thorough social and political reform. He had some successes but was assassinated in November 1792, after issuing a Proclamation for Emancipation of the Slaves which he did not live to implement. After Paine's death, there was a sharp conservative backlash, Paine's main supporters being arrested or fleeing to exile in Revolutionary France. The Electoral College, recalled into Emergency Session, elected Alexander Hamilton as president. Hamilton swiftly proceeded to annul Paine's reforms and was re-elected president in 1793. Thomas Paine remained one of the most controversial figures in American history, some venerating him as a great hero and martyr while others regarded him as the most black of villains. At every crisis point in American history over the next centuries, from the Civil War to the Vietnam War and the Gulf War, Paine's name and heritage were inevitably evoked yet again.

Paragraph 3: TIDEL Park is a 13-storied building, rated as the single largest IT park in the country, with two basements, ground floor, 12 upper floors and a parking ground and has a built-up area of  with centralised air-conditioning and an independent power supply. Built on a land covering 8 acres, the building has a 650-seat auditorium, a 130-seat conference hall, a 16,000 sq ft multi-cuisine food court and space to park 4,000 two-wheelers and 1,200 cars. The building has 19 elevators and 2 escalators. The ground floor and the first floor houses common facilities such as restaurant, banks, shops, health clubs, auditoriums, business centre and department stores. The ground floor consists of the auditorium, TIDEL administrative office, food court, banks and Bharath Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) and Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited (VSNL) offices. Built at a cost of  1 crore, the park provides network connectivity with direct satellite uplink. The building was designed by C N Raghavendran and was commissioned on 4 July 2000 built in a time of 15 months from the date of commencement of its construction. It has the world's 3rd largest TES systems for ACMV. For the first time in the country, a thermal energy storage system for air-conditioning was used in the building. An integrated building management system was also incorporated to take care of safety and security. The design of the building provides office space of various sizes ranging from a small office of 4,500 sq ft to a whole floor of 90,000 sq ft on any floor.

Paragraph 4: Dr. Chávez studied at Colegio de San Nicolás and the School of Medicine of Morelia. He received his bachelor's degree in medicine-surgery from the National University in 1920. He was the rector of the Universidad Michoacana de San Nicolás de Hidalgo from 1920 to 1921. He taught several subjects in the School of Medicine of Morelia (1920) and at the National School of Medicine since 1922. He specialized in cardiology in Paris (1921–1927) under Henri Vasquez and Charles Laubry. He was the head of the National School of Medicine (1933–1934). He visited clinics in Berlin, Prague, Vienna, Rome and Brussels to observe their operation and framework. He later founded the first Department of Cardiology within el Hospital General de Mexico (1924–1944). He was also the director of the General Hospital of Mexico (1936–1939). He was the founder and director (1944–1961) of the National Institute of Cardiology, the first hospital of this kind in Mexico, and then he is Director of the newly built Institute, for two and a half years again, starting in 1976. He was the rector of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (March 1965 to April 1966). He was instrumental in establishing international cooperation in cardiology after World War II. He founded and chaired the Mexican Society of Cardiology (1935) and the Interamerican Society of Cardiology (1946). Also in 1946, along with Paul Dudley White and Charles Laubry, he co-founded the International Society of Cardiology, an organization of which he was vice-chairman (1958–1962) and honorary life chairman (after 1962). He presided over the fourth World Congress of Cardiology held in Mexico City in 1962. He was a member of the counseling committee of the World Health Organization (1955) and the Organization of American States (1958–1966). He participated in 18 different cardiology societies in all America and Europe. He was appointed honorary doctor or rector of 95 universities around the world.

Paragraph 5: William Mann reviewed the album on LP in Gramophone in August 1977, comparing it with rival versions conducted by Herbert von Karajan and Georg Solti. Collectors might be lured to the new recording, he thought, by Frederica von Stade's Octavian, "a lovely reading by a favourite young mezzo". Musically, she sang with a tone that was ample, even and focused, and was as meticulous in her ensemble work as a violist in a great string quartet. Dramatically, she was equally effective in every chapter of Octavian's story – her outburst of anger with the Marschallin was "explosive", her banter with Sophie "perfectly delightful", her feigned inebriation as Mariandel "lovely to hear as well as comic". As Octavian's mistress, Evelyn Lear had "a timbre like old gold, a tenderness and teasing humour, many individual inflexions that recall no other Marschallin". Her singing fell short of technical perfection, but her acting was "attractive and skilful" and all her most important passages were executed "beautifully". Ruth Welting was guilty of a few vocal lapses too, perpetrating the occasional "flutter" above the stave, but her Sophie managed to be self-assertive while remaining "sweetly girlish". Jules Bastin endowed Ochs with a voice that was generous and equal to all Strauss's onerous demands. He deserved praise for his "attack and savory resonance, his smooth cantabile and his ripe enunciation of the text", though Solti's Manfred Jungwirth was both more accurate and funnier in his handling of Ochs's peasant idiolect. Derek Hammond-Stroud was a good Faninal overall, even if he sounded too young to be Welting's father and botched one note at his first appearance. José Carreras's Italian Singer was "too noisy". The many minor roles were all performed competently by a legion of Netherlanders. De Waart's Dutch orchestra, likewise, was unequivocally good. Its woodwinds were "crisp and savory", its brass "unusually firm and together and plump", its strings "active" and "stylish". De Waart sometimes set a pace that was too slow – in Ochs's climactic routing or in the duet "Mit Ihren Augen voll von Tränen", for instance – but his preludes were incandescent and his tempi in general "suitable and spirited". "The swagger of Ochs's entry in the second act [and] the elegance of the strings in the Letter Scene" were particularly worthy of note. Philips's production team had chosen to balance singers and instrumentalists without favouring either over the other, and had resisted the temptation to deploy "sound-effects or 'rhubarb' noises". In sum, whether the new album was preferable to its competitors was a matter of personal taste. Karajan's slightly abridged version was "enchanting" and "sparkling"; Solti's, complete, offered "unceasing brilliance" and Régine Crespin's Marschallin; de Waart's, also complete, was "less vivacious" than its predecessors but had von Stade's Octavian and the "confidence and style and operatic personality" that came from its theatrical origins.

Paragraph 6: His first return to the public was through a two-hour broadcast in 1963 for WBAI in New York, on which he played Alkan's works and discussed his life. The response to this program was overwhelming and brought a request from G. Schirmer to prepare an edition of Alkan's piano music. Encouraged by the reception, Lewenthal played a recital including Alkan's music in Town Hall, New York, in September 1964 - his first public appearance there in 12 years. This led to an RCA recording of Alkan's music which was met with critical raves, and then a three-concert Liszt Cycle in New York and London, among many other performances. Lewenthal came to be considered the leader of the "Romantic Revival", reintroducing solo and chamber works by many important but neglected 19th-century composers such as Moscheles, Goetz, Herz, Hummel, Henselt, Scharwenka, Rubinstein, Reubke, Field, Dussek and others, as well as reviving overlooked works by famous composers. He also took an active role in such events as the Romantic Festival at Butler University (Indianapolis) and Newport Music Festival. In 1971 he accepted an invitation to a well received tour of Southern Africa. Lewenthal taught at the Mannes College of Music and The Tanglewood Music Festival, and was a faculty member of the Manhattan School of Music for a number of years beginning in the mid-1970s. Among his doctoral students was Israeli pianist Astrith Baltsan.

Paragraph 7: The fell is usually climbed from the top of the Hardknott Pass where there are several parking spaces.  It is also possible to begin the ascent from the foot of the pass in Eskdale, although this will triple the length of the walk and the height gained. However, the best plan is probably to climb Hard Knott in conjunction with the neighbouring fell of Harter Fell making a horseshoe walk starting and finishing in Eskdale. From the top of the pass it is a short ascent to the fell summit following an electric fence that skirts to the right of the dangerous looking Raven Crag and takes the walker to the summit in a short time. Other possible routes include a pathless ascent from the Esk via The Steeple, a circuitous walk via the head of Moasdale and an ascent of the eastern flanks via Dod Pike.

Paragraph 8: Since 2000 the SRC has been heavily influenced by what is now National Labor Students (formerly the National Organisation of Labor Students), the student arm of Labor's Socialist Left. Prior to that, from the late 1980s until 1997, the SRC was controlled by the Left Alliance, a former NUS faction made up of a coalition of students to the left of Labor such as Socialists, the Australian Greens, anarchists, queer activists, and environmentalists. Labor Party affiliated factions dominated the SRC presidency from 1998 to 2014. In recent years Labor's hold on power was challenged by independent/non affiliated alliances, internal conflicts within established Labor factions and the emergence of the Grassroots Left. Grassroots Left quickly developed into a national NUS faction with a presence on several campuses. A member of Grassroots, Kyol Blakeney, was elected the second Indigenous president of the University's SRC in 2014. However, in 2015 and 2016, Labor Left faction National Labor Students re-secured the SRC Presidency, in cooperation with Grassroots in 2015 and in cooperation with moderate Liberals in 2016, who supported Edward McCann for the Vice-Presidency of the SRC. However, following the election this coalition collapsed, with a broad left grouping of Labor left, Socialist Alternative, independents and Grassroots elected to all remaining positions. In 2017, Grassroots returned to the presidency, electing Imogen Grant as the 90th President of the SRC. In 2018, an independent party of international students labelled the Panda Warriors won the presidency, electing Jacky He as the 91st President of the SRC. He is the first President to have been elected on primarily the votes of international students within the university. In 2019, Liam Donohoe won the Presidency, returning the SRC to a Grassroots president. In 2020, Swapnik Sanagavarapu was elected to the SRC Presidency unopposed, leading to a back-to-back Grassroots victory. In 2021, Lauren Lancaster narrowly won the Presidency in the largest election in USYD's history, maintaining the Grassroots Presidential hold.

Paragraph 9: Where'd You Go? is an EP by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones released in 1991 by Taang! Records. It features the title track, "Where'd You Go?" which also appeared on their 1992 LP, More Noise and Other Disturbances. The video for the song was shot in Boston and received minor MTV airplay. The EP also features cover versions of Aerosmith's "Sweet Emotion", Metallica's "Enter Sandman", and Van Halen's  "Ain't Talkin' 'bout Love", the last of which was ranked the 27th best punk cover song  by Paste in 2017. The EP also has an updated version of "Do Something Crazy", which previously appeared on The Mighty Mighty Bosstones' debut album, Devil's Night Out. In 2008 a rerecorded version of Where'd You Go? recorded by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones was released as a playable song for the game Rock Band 2.

Paragraph 10: Academicians are elected to the Academy by their peers. There are also Honorary Academicians (HRSA). After amendments to the Supplementary Charter in 2005, once Associates (ARSA) have submitted a Diploma work into the Permanent Collection of the RSA, they are then entitled to full membership of the Academy. The membership includes 30 Honorary Academicians and 104 Academicians. From 2010–12, the RSA President was Professor Bill Scott, Secretary Arthur Watson and Treasurer Professor Ian Howard. In 2018, Joyce W. Cairns was elected as the first female President in the history of the Academy. Current RSA President, Gareth Fisher is joined by Secretary Edward Summerton RSA and Treasurer Delia Baillie RSA.

Paragraph 11: Another two and a half years have passed: the new family doctor is Emilio Villari, promising the groom of the grandson of an old suitor and cousin of grandmother Enrica. The main love story will be between him and Dr. Sarita's an Indian doctor. Lele is again absent because he moved to Paris where he worked at the Sorbonne. The series opens with Nilde's boyfriend, Andrea Biglietti, in jail. Andrea was cheated and to save him Libero and Nilde decided to sell the villas in Poggio Fiorito that he had bought. The villas will be sold to Martini's friends, including many of the physicians remaining in the cast, and one will become the new police clinic. Poggio Fiorito becomes autonomous municipality and Grandfather Libero is elected mayor. Alberto and Eloisa break up and the boy returns home. To raise the morale of the boy will prove to her father, Carlo Foschi, with whom Alberto initially has no good relationship since he had mysteriously abandoned him and his mother. Having learned of his father's bad health, Alberto manages to relaunch relationships with him, making his final days better. Cettina realized her desire to give birth to a child named Eros, but the love for Torello seems to be over, because of the arrival of Indian Kabir. In fact, the calm of Poggio Fiorito is disturbed by the arrival of this Indian family composed of grandfather and grandchildren (including Sarita), who will become great friends of Maria, Ciccio and Annnuccia. The family opens an ethnic restaurant in the house that in the previous season had been rented from Torello to Guido and Maria as a nest of love. Once known that Kabir does not reciprocate his feelings, Cettina moves to Pescara with her son, taking distances both from Kabir and Torello and working for the L'agenzia di Pompe Funebri dei Fratelli Zinco (Zinco Brothers Funeral Service). The consequence is that Torellhonor ends up on the brink of bankruptcy. The love story between adolescents Ciccio and Miranda continues. A new entry comes and is the cousin of Cettina, Melina, who will replace her as a home help of the Martini family. Melina will try to seduce Torello, husband of her cousin Cettina, but in the end, she will remain alone. While Guido is still in Africa, Maria returns to Rome and decides to go to live at her friend Rebby, hiding her presence at her family. Once discovered by his grandfather, the girl returns to the Martini's home, where she will tell the tragic story that led her to return to Rome. Waiting for her thesis, Maria finds work as a waitress at the Kabir Indian Restaurant and tightens a strong friendship with Sarita, who will give her some valuable advice. The series concludes with the reconciliation between Sarita, who had risked marrying an impostor, and Emilio, while Torello returned with Cettina. Alberto and Rebby get together.

Paragraph 12: The IOR has emerged as a strategically important sea area and  is getting exposed to the consequent vulnerabilities. The political and economic factors are abetting the strategic risks impacting security and stability in the region. The uniqueness of the IOR could be categorized as economic, political and physical to better understand the challenges and opportunities  The economic aspect driven by energy and commerce that crosses the region in both the directions has seen a massive jump over the last two decades. Forty percent of the global energy flows from the Persian Gulf to the east (India, China, and Japan). Also raw material from the African coast moves to the economic engines in the Far East including China, Korea, and Japan. On the return leg, we can see finished goods being carried in superships reaching the Middle East and Europe from Asia. The volume of trade has been recorded to have tripled from 2003 to 2012. The undersea area also offers vast reserves of minerals and food in multiple forms. The fishing in the IOR has a unique pattern as due to political instability and security concerns, certain parts have remained off-limits for fishing whereas others have been over-fished using so-called modern methods in the absence of regulatory framework and monitoring mechanisms. This has caused a severe imbalance in the fish stock across the region and also altered the coastal marine landscape. Fishing and fishermen are often a major cause of diplomatic intervention among nations in the region. The IOR is considered  next richest in the deep sea minerals after the Pacific Ocean, including oil and gas, polymetallic sulfides, cobalt-rich crusts and other materials that have a high potential for accelerated economic growth. The ever-increasing global demand for resources could also lead to conflict among nations in the region with active backing from nefarious extra-regional powers in the absence of well-defined norms and regulations. The political aspect comprises over thirty countries that lie within, and some others that play a significant role in shaping the geopolitics of the region. These nations are marked by radical variation in terms of their level of economic development, level of political stability, relations with their neighboring nations, demographic pressures, governance maturity, ethnic and sectarian tensions and other differences. The diversity in human terms represented by races, cultures, and religion also plays a critical role in the political stability of the region. The asymmetry of economies and political power compounds the challenges. The economic stakes in the region compounded by the political instability among the regional powers and security concerns encourage the extra-regional powers to maintain their naval presence. On the other hand, the economic potential and presence of economic giants along with the lack of regional regulations also encourage piracy and maritime terrorism, further destabilizing the region. The power struggle among nations with pre-modern governance outlook also encourages the application of non-state actors to resolve disputes. The fragmented regional geopolitics is a major impediment for pooling of resources and synergizing efforts to evolve a mature regional governance model.

Paragraph 13: McLaren cars were specially designed race cars. The Can-Am cars were developments of the sports cars which were introduced in 1964 for the North American sports car races. The team works car for 1964 Was the M1. For 1965 the M1A prototype was the team car and bases for the Elva customer M1A cars. In lat 1965 the M1b(mk2) was the factory car in 1966 with Bruce McLaren and Chris Amon as drivers. In 1967, specifically for the Can-Am series, the McLaren team introduced a new model, the M6A. The McLaren M6A also introduced what was to become the trademark orange color for the team. The McLaren team was considered very "multi national" for the times and consisted of team owner and leader Bruce McLaren, fellow New Zealander Chris Amon and another "kiwi",  the 1967 Formula One world champion, Denny Hulme, team manager Teddy Mayer, mechanics Tyler Alexander, Gary Knutson, Lee Muir, George Bolthoff, Frank Zimmerman, Tom Anderson, Alan Anderson, David Dunlap, Leo Beattie, Donny Ray Everett, and Haig Alltounian (all from the US), Don Beresford, Alec Greaves, Vince Higgins, and Roger Bailey (UK), Tony Attard (Australia), Cary Taylor, Jimmy Stone, Chris Charles, Colin Beanland, Alan McCall and Alistair Caldwell (NZ). The M6 series were a full aluminum monocoque design with no uncommon features but, for the times, there was an uncommon attention to detail in preparation by the team members. The M6 series of cars were powered by Chevy "mouse-motor" small-block V8s built by Al Bartz Engines in Van Nuys, California. They were models of reliability. This was followed in 1968 by the M8A, a new design based around the Chevy big-block V8 "rat motor" as a stressed member of the chassis. McLaren went "in house" with their engine shop in 1969. The M8B, M8C, M8D and M20C were developments of that aluminum monocoque chassis.

Paragraph 14: Although he did not take active part in the Liberal Revolution that broke out in Porto in 1820, he contributed with two patriotic verses, the Hymno Constitucional and the Hymno Patriótico, which his friends copied and distributed in the streets of Porto. After the "Vilafrancada", a reactionary coup d'état led by the Infante Dom Miguel in 1823, he was forced to seek exile in England. He had just married the beautiful Luísa Cândida Midosi who was only 12 or 13 years old at the time and was the sister of his friend Luís Frederico Midosi, later married to Maria Teresa Achemon, both related to theatre and children of José Midosi (son of an Italian father and an Irish mother) and wife Ana Cândida de Ataíde Lobo. While in England, in Edgbaston, Warwickshire, he began his association with Romanticism, being subject to the first-hand influences of William Shakespeare and Walter Scott, as well as to that of Gothic aesthetics. In the beginning of 1825, Garrett left for France where he wrote Camões (1825) and Dona Branca (1826), poems that are usually considered the first Romantic works in Portuguese literature. In 1826, he returned to Portugal, where he settled for two years and founded the newspapers O Portuguez and O Chronista. In 1828, under the rule of King Miguel of Portugal, he was again forced to settle in England, publishing Adozinda and performing his tragedy Catão at the Theatre Royal in Plymouth. 

Paragraph 15: Previous research has suggested that a large part of the attention regulation is due to the default inhibitory properties of the prefrontal cortex. Top-down processes from the prefrontal cortex provide parasympathetic influences, and if for some reason, those influences are active, attention can suffer. For example, researchers have suggested that HRV can index attention. For example, a group of researchers found that groups with high anxiety and low HRV have poor attention. In line with this research, it has also been suggested that increased attention has been linked to high HRV and increased vagus nerve activity. The vagus nerve activity reflects the physiological modulation of the parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous system. The activity behind the prefrontal cortex and the parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous system can influence heart activity. However, people are not all affected the same. A systematic review of HRV and cognitive function suggested that resting HRV can predict individual differences in attentional performance. Even in psychological concepts such as attention, HRV can index individual differences. Furthermore, HRV has been able to index the role of attention and performance, supporting high HRV as a biomarker of increased attention and performance. Both emotion and attention can shed light on how HRV is used as an index for decision making.

Paragraph 16: Natesan is frequently visited by an old "Mental" looking old man who demands money from Natesan most of the time. Natesan is irritated by his acts, and yet he supports him with the money. The old man is actually a scientist who has invented many things. Natesan gets angry that the old man cheated on him once, visits his home and is surprised to see all the inventions. The old man explains that he is inventing the machine which makes people invisible. He also shows him a receiver which can receive abnormal frequencies powerful enough to intrude Indian defence. Natesan hears an intrusion that a famous scientist shall be killed by some people. So he rushes to the police station to warn them. The scientist is saved because of his warning. Hence he earns the enmity of Raja Bhupathy as he is behind the master plan of killing the scientist. Bhupathy's men sets off to find the receiver in Natesan's house and find that the receiver is with the old man. The old scientist finally invents the "invisibility" machine. But he is killed by Bhupathy's men. Before dying, he hands over the machine to Natesan and tells him to fight for justice in the country with this. Natesan and one of his children test the machine and sees that it works. Hence Natesan uses the machine and becomes invisible. He once saves Meenakshi from Bhupathy's men when she tried to find their truth and got trapped. The invisible man introduces himself as "Vaathiyaar" (nickname of Thiru M.G.R.) who has come back to the world to fight for justice. Soon Natesan gains fame as invisible "Vaathiyaar" due to his good deeds for society. Since he does good things and does not trouble the public and the government, the police do not arrest him. The child, who is the only person to know about Natesan's invisibility, finds that the invisible man can be seen through red colour, and he wears red glasses. Meenakshi is very proud that she is a friend of "Vaathiyaar" and tells everybody she is his pet. This irritates Natesan and once nose-cuts her in front of everybody to teach her a lesson. Natesan's inferiority complex prevents him from proposing his love for Meenakshi, and he expresses his love to her as "Vaathiyaar", hoping that she would love the hero. But Meenakshi rejects his proposal as she reveals that she loves a poor auto driver who is a gentle man and tells Invisible Man to go out of her life. Natesan reveals his secret to her and is very happy to have won her love.

Paragraph 17:  Prime Minister of Lebanon Saad Hariri, called him "a voice of moderation and an advocate of unity" for the Lebanese people. Hezbollah declared three days of mourning and Secretary General Hasan Nasrallah vowed to stay faithful to the "sacred goals" he had "sacrificed his life to achieve." He added that "we have lost a compassionate father, a wise guide, a fortified shelter, and a strong support that was present at all stages. [He] was all the above mentioned for us and for the whole religious and resistant generation since we were youngsters praying behind him. This is what his eminence was to us, and to all this faithful, struggling, and resisting generation, since the time we were youths praying in his assembly (congregational prayers), guided by his words, and learning beneath his pulpit. In his school, he taught us to advocate with wisdom and kind preaching, to be people of dialogue with others, to reject tyranny, to resist occupation, to adore meeting God the Almighty with certitude, and to be people of patience, steadfastness, and determination even with all the calamities, hardships, and distress we face. To us, he was the teacher, instructor, the knowledge, and the light that lights up our way through every hardship. His pure soul, enlightened intellect, kind words, compassionate smile, chaste biography, and firm stances will remain within us as a guide, conduit, and progressing strong motive that pushes us forth to continuous hard work and jihad." He visited Fadlallah's family to express condolences on behalf of Hezbollah. The Loyalty to the Resistance bloc offered its condolences to the country adding that the country "loyal to his eminence's values and principles would continue his path with more enthusiasm to achieve his human goals of freedom and justice." The Lebanese Speaker of Parliament Nabih Berri said the Islamic nation has lost "a leading advocate of Muslim unity and a resounding voice supporting what is right and just, and resisting injustice and aggression". He praised Fadlallah as one of the most prominent pillars of coexistence among cultures and religions in Lebanon, calling him a "backer of the resistance until his last breath". A delegation from his parliamentary Liberation and Development parliamentary bloc also visited the clerics' family. Phalange leader Amin Gemayel and a delegation of his party's MPs, former Premier and Sidon MP Fouad Siniora, the Syrian Ambassador to Lebanon Ali Abdel-Karim, Lebanese Army commander General Jean Kahwaji, head of the Free Patriotic Movement and Kesrouan MP Michel Aoun, accompanied by a delegation from his Change and Reform bloc and Beirut Metropolitan for Greek Orthodox Bishop Elias Audi, heading a number of religious figures. paid their respects at Fadlallah's death as well. Fadlallah's followers remembered him fondly for his compassion, his support of women's rights, and his teachings on topics such as sex and smoking. The day after the funeral Mufti Mohamad Rashid Qabbani, former Prime Minister Omar Karame, the head of the Marada movement Suleiman Franjieh, former Iraqi Prime Ministers Ibrahim Jaafari and Iyad Allawi, the head of the Lebanese Democratic Movement Talal Arslan, the Egyptian ambassador Ahmad Badyawi, MP's Gebran Bassil, Ibrahim Najjar, Salim Warde, and George Odwan came to the mosque to offer their condolences. Additional visitors included Ali al-Adib on behalf of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, Sami al-Jawad representing former Speaker Kamel al-Asaad, Director General of Internal Security Forces Major General Ashraf Rifi, Bishop Elias Kfouri. Nasrallah also received the Grand Mufti of the Lebanese Republic Sheikh Mohammad Rashid Qabbani who offered his condolences. A statement released by Hezbollah said the two discussed Fadlallah's "glorious deeds and the big loss caused by his death to Lebanon and the nation." Although representatives of Shia, Sunni, Druze, Christian, and other non-religious figures expressed regret at Fadlullah's death, the conspicuous absence of Maronite Patriarch Nasrallah Sfeir was viewed as a "boycott" by Al-Akhbar, because of Fadlallah's response to Sfeir's comments about the rule of the majority and the opposition of the minority in Lebanon.

Paragraph 18: In 1983, the Chicago and North Western Railway (CNW) announced plans to abandon a section of railroad between Pierre, South Dakota and Rapid City.  Due to pressure from customers and Senator Larry Pressler from South Dakota, a deal was reached and announced on April 24, 1986, to purchase divisions of the CNW from Winona, Minnesota, to Rapid City, creating the Dakota, Minnesota and Eastern Railroad.  This deal also included buildings, rolling stock and locomotives, mostly rebuilt EMD SD9s, from the CNW. Many of the negotiations were handled by the office of Senator Larry Pressler and his legal counsel Kevin V. Schieffer. After DM&E's successful first decade, Schieffer succeeded J. C. McIntyre as president of the railroad on November 7, 1996.

Paragraph 19: Joyner was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the 8th round (208th overall) of the 1986 NFL Draft. He was actually cut in training camp, but the Eagles re-signed him later in the season. Joyner played in the NFL for the Philadelphia Eagles (1986–1993), Arizona Cardinals (1994–1996), Green Bay Packers (1997), and the Denver Broncos (1998). Joyner's unique combination of strength and quickness allowed him to excel in all defensive statistical categories and propelled him to three Pro Bowl accolades; being selected in 1991, 1993, and 1994. In one Monday Night Football game in 1991 against the Houston Oilers, Joyner, playing with a 102-degree fever, recorded 8 solo tackles, 2 forced fumbles, 2 fumble recoveries and 2 sacks. He was named NFL Player of the Year by Paul Zimmerman of Sports Illustrated that year and received runner-up honors for Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year, while a member of the Philadelphia Eagles. As a Green Bay Packer, he appeared in Super Bowl XXXII, and the next year, he won Super Bowl XXXIII as a member of the Broncos in 1998, which turned out to be his last game.

Paragraph 20:      “I sent home the Bacheler, and desire your helpe for her disposing.  I must of necessity have her returne heere for I may shortly have much use of her: but I desire they may goe for shares and victual them selves, which John Wood and his company are willing to doe.  I cannot find that the miscarriage of his voyage was through his default but Contrary winds therefore I am desirous he should and that Company goe still is her, so they will goe for shares and victual themselves.  the Blessing I would sell if any will buy her at 160 or 150 £  she Cost 145 besides some new saile, and rigging and a new Cable above 20 £.  the Cable is special; good, except you should foresee any occasion that she should rather be kept still: or if their be implyment to Sable for her: but if she continues to goe upon and designe I desire she should goe likewise for her share the men to find themselves, otherwise I would have her laid up at Boston till further occasion.  the men I desire should be discharged as soone as ever they Come ashore, and their wages paid them: I thanke you for the bread you sent.  you write of 800 but there is not above 300 and an halfe at most delivered, besides 100 they keepe still aboard the rest I cannot learne what become of it but that it hath been wastefully spent:  they had besides halfe an hogshead of bread of their owne which was likewise spent and they were but [mutilated] eleven persons they say most of that tyme.  [mutilated] for they pillaged her the tyme they had her to Salem pittifully that she hath neyther blockes nor braces nor running ropes, which the Bolt Will sayth teat Mr. Holgrave cutt them of he saw him.  therefore I have agreed with John Wood Fredericke and George to take her to thirds.  thus with my duty remembred I rest your obedient son.

Paragraph 21: Charlevoix's work was halted by a royal commission that requested a survey of the historic boundaries of Acadia, a French North American colony recently lost to the British in the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht. He sailed from La Rochelle in June 1720 and reached Quebec by the end of September. His knowledge of North America led to an extension of his assignment, under instructions to find a route to the "Western Sea" (i.e., the Pacific Ocean) but "still give the impression of being no more than a traveler or missionary." Having recently lost control of the Hudson Bay and lacking funds for a major expedition, the French Crown equipped Charlevoix with two canoes, eight experienced companions, and basic trading merchandise. From Quebec, he set out for the colony of Saint-Domingue via the Saint Lawrence River and the Great Lakes to Michilimackinac, where he made an excursion to the southern edge of Green Bay. He traveled along the eastern shore of Lake Michigan, trying to reach the Illinois River from the Chicago, but the shallowness of the water forced him up the St. Joseph to the headwaters of the Theakiki, whose waters fall into the Illinois River. He traveled along the Illinois until he reached the Mississippi River in 1721, which he considered "the finest confluence in the world".| Visiting the Illinois Country along the way, Charlevoix traveled down the Mississippi to its mouth at the Gulf Coast. He embarked on a ship at New Orleans for the sail to the island of Saint-Domingue in the Caribbean, but it was wrecked at the entrance of the Bahama Channel. He was aided by nuns of the order of the Ursulines of Quebec, whose founder StMarie of the Incarnation later was the subject of one of his books. Charlevoix and his companions returned to the Mississippi River via following the coast of Florida.

Paragraph 22: In 1974, her only venture was Arabinda Mukhopadhyay's Blockbuster Mouchak opposite Ranjit Mallick which was again a major grosser at box office. Her next venture was in the year 1975 , Sunil Bandopadhyay's Kabi opposite Debraj Roy for the second time which failed to create ripples at box office. The Blockbuster  Swayamsiddha opposite Ranjit Mallick again which was her last release of that year, was once again a major grosser at box office. Her career faced a major setback when two of her high profile movies of 1976 Hotel Snow Fox and Chander Kachhakachhi flopped in spite of having Uttam Kumar in the main lead although not as hero. Biju Phukan played her hero in the former while Santu Mukherjee played her hero in the later. She made her Bollywood debut with Dulal Guha's Khaan Dost (1976) opposite Shatrughan Sinha that also starred Raj kapoor in a pivotal role, but limited herself to Basu Chatterjee's films only. Mukherjee starred in Safed Jhoot (1977) opposite Vinod Mehra. Both her Bollywood movies as lead did not do well at the Box office. In 1977 she played the first wife of Soumitra Chatterjee in Palash Bandopadhyay's Super hit Bengali Film Pratima while the second wife, the titular role being played by Sumitra Mukherjee. Made on a shoe string budget of only Rs. 3.30 lakh, the movie garnered Rs. 10 lakh in the Box Office. In 1978 she was only seen in two Hindi movies directed by Basu Chatterjee namely Dillagi where she was again cast opposite Shatrughan Sinha and Do Ladke Dono Kadke opposite Navin Nischol but both failed to propel her career in Bollywood further in spite of Dillagi having Dharmendra and Hema Malini in main lead. Throughout 1979 and 1980 she starred in Bengali family dramas like Bhagya Chakra, Bandhan and Sandhi which were just average grosser although Sandhi did an above average business. Her only release in 1981 was the Bengali movie Father where she played a deaf mute rape victim opposite Subhendu Chattopadhyay where she was noted by critics alongside an ensemble cast consisting of Soumitra Chattopadhyay, Sumitra Mukherjee, Ranjit Mallick and Mahua Roychowdhury amongst others. In 1982 she acted in Dinen Gupta directed Oriya movie Jwain Pua opposite Uttam Mohanty which was a remake of her Bengali Blockbuster film Mouchak. Her next release Dujane in 1983 tanked miserably at the box office. After a one song two scenes guest appearance in 1984 movie Prarthana , Mukherjee started shooting for her home production Ranga Bhanga Chand based on Pratibha Basu's novel of the same name in 1984 under the direction of Dinen Gupta. The shooting was 50% completed and was being readied for a release in 1985 when the shooting stopped midway due to differences between Mukherjee and Gupta. The release was delayed by five years as the movie was left in the cans and later revived with Chandra Barot as director. At release Ranga Bhanga Chand was renamed Ashrita. In 1990, upon release Ashrita opposite Kanwaljit Singh gained a Super-hit status as the movie which was made on a budget of Rs. 30 lakhs grossed Rs. 3 crore at the Box Office. Ashrita was the last release of Mukherjee since when she was never seen on silver screen ever.

Paragraph 23: Although "homosexual acts" had been partially decriminalised for consenting men over the age of 21 in England and Wales in 1967 (Sexual Offences Act 1967), it was not until the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1980 that the same happened in Scotland. That same year, the documentary A Change of Sex aired on BBC2, which enabled viewers to follow the social and medical transition of Julia Grant, and provided a snapshot of the Gender Identity Clinic at Charing Cross Hospital in London. The Self Help Association for Transsexuals (SHAFT) was also formed as an information collecting and disseminating body for transgender people, The first Black Gay and Lesbian Group was formed in the UK. and Lionel Blue became the first British rabbi to come out as gay. The UK's first television series specifically aimed at a gay audience is broadcast on London Weekend Television, called Gay Life.  In 1981, the European Court of Human Rights in Dudgeon v. United Kingdom struck down Northern Ireland's criminalisation of homosexual acts between consenting adults the Homosexual Offences (Northern Ireland) Order 1982 later partially decriminalised "homosexual acts" in Northern Ireland.  The next year, Chris Smith, says: "My name is Chris Smith. I'm the Labour MP for Islington South and Finsbury, and I'm gay", making him the first openly out gay politician in the UK parliament.  The Politics of Bisexuality conference in 1984 signaled the growth of separate bisexual community organising. Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners, a campaign of LGBT support for striking workers in the miners' strike of 1984 and 1985, is launched. In 1988, Princess Margaret opened the UK's first residential support centre for people living with HIV and AIDS in London at London Lighthouse. In July 1990, following the murders in a short period of time, of four gay men, hundreds of lesbians and gay men marched from the park where Boothe had been killed to Ealing Town Hall and held a candlelit vigil. The demonstration led to the formation of OutRage, who called for the police to start protecting gay men instead of arresting them. In September, lesbian and gay police officers established the Lesbian and Gay Police Association (Lagpa/GPA). The first gay pride event was held in Manchester. Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit by Jeanette Winterson, a semi-autobiographical screenplay about her lesbian life was shown on BBC television. Justin Fashanu became the first professional footballer to come out in the press (he subsequently committed suicide). The Crown Dependency of Jersey decriminalised homosexuality.

Paragraph 24: With Yes reduced to a trio of Anderson, Squire, and White, the band replaced manager Tony Dimitriades, who had been with them since the early 1980s, with Jon Brewer. Soon after the change, Brewer was approached by Castle Communications, a British independent label with an interest in releasing a Yes album on its subsidiary label, Essential Records. Brewer and Castle agreed to the idea on the condition that the album featured the band's original or "classic" line-up from the 1970s, which included guitarist Steve Howe and keyboardist Rick Wakeman. The pair had left in 1992 after the band's Union Tour and continued with their solo projects, but were interested to return and met with Anderson in Los Angeles for several days to discuss the situation. In July 1995, the five agreed to work together and make the album; it marked the start of Howe's third stint in the band and Wakeman's fourth. This marked the first time this line-up had played together since their unsuccessful attempt to record a new album in early 1980. Squire later revealed the initial plan of having both Keys to Ascension albums feature just live recordings, but Castle wished for them to contain new tracks recorded in the studio. The group agreed to release the album with the aim of letting the public know that the five had reunited, and Anderson wished to explore the music that the line-up had recorded in the 1970s and take Yes "into the 21st century".

Paragraph 25: After Still Rain, Lowery joined American heavy metal band Sevendust as a lead guitarist, quite different from previous band's style and sound. They released their first studio album titled Sevendust, On April 15, 1997. In 1998, they released a compilation called Live and Loud, which featured live footage of the band's September 16, 1998 performance at Chicago's Metro. In 1999, they released their second studio album Home, which had four singles and had good chart performance in mainstream and modern rock charts which were better than first album's singles chart. He performed with the band at Woodstock '99, and also they gained European exposure by opening for Skunk Anansie at various shows in Germany. They opened with Kid Rock and Ted Nugent for Metallica on New Year's Eve in 1999 at the Pontiac Silverdome near Detroit, Michigan. They also joined Slipknot, Coal Chamber and other bands on the Tattoo the Earth Tour in June 2000. In 2001, Sevendust released new album Animosity. In 2003, Sevendust returned with their fourth album, Seasons. This was one of the band's best received albums and to-date features their highest-charting single (tied with "Driven"), "Enemy", which peaked at #10 on the Mainstream Rock Chart. "Enemy", was also used as the official theme song for "Unforgiven (2003)". In 2004, for the first time in the band's career, they released a live album on a CD–DVD double-disk package titled Southside Double-Wide: Acoustic Live, includes a tribute cover of "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails. Lowery left Sevendust to join the post-grunge band Dark New Day. However, Lowery returned to Sevendust in the spring of 2008 and recorded 8th album titled Cold Day Memory. "I didn't want to come back and have people say, 'Oh, it's not as good as it was,' " Lowery said. "There was definitely a need to go up another notch, and I hope we did." In September 2012, it was announced that Sevendust would go to studio to record its ninth album for an early 2013 release. The band most recent studio album Blood & Stone, was released on October 23, 2020.

Paragraph 26: On 10 April 2021, Iran began injecting uranium hexafluoride gas into advanced IR-6 and IR- 5 centrifuges at Natanz, but an accident occurred in the electricity distribution network the next day due to Mossad activity, according to Western and Iranian sources. In what seemed to be an Iranian response, an Israeli-owned ship was attacked by a missile or a drone near the shores of the Fujairah emirate in the United Arab Emirates on April 13, causing light damage to the vessel. On 24 April, an Iranian fuel tanker was reportedly attacked off the Syrian coast by an Israeli drone, causing damages but no casualties. On May 7, a massive fire broke out in Iran's southwestern city of Bushehr near the only functioning nuclear power plant of the country. The IRGC-affiliated Tasnim News Agency reported that the fire was intentional, although its cause was unknown. On May 9, an explosion occurred at an oil tanker off the coast of Syria, causing a small fire in one of its engines. On May 23, at least nine people were injured in a blast at an Iranian plant that reportedly produces UAVs in Isfahan. The blast occurred after Prime Minister Netanyahu said a drone armed with explosives that was downed by Israeli forces earlier in the week was launched by Iran toward Israel from either Syria or Iraq, amid the fighting in Gaza. On May 26, an explosion took place at a petrochemical complex in the city of Asaluyeh in southern Iran, killing a worker and injuring two. On June 2, a fire broke out at an Iranian navy vessel, the IRIS Kharg, near the port of Jask in the Gulf of Oman, although the entire crew was able to safely disembark before the ship sank. Later in the day there was a gas leak at an oil refinery in Tehran which caused a massive fire. No injuries were reported. An explosion took place at the Zarand Iranian Steel Company in eastern Iran on June 5. No injuries were reported. On June 20, it was reported that Iran's sole nuclear power plant at Bushehr underwent an emergency shutdown that would last between three and four days. On June 23, a major damage was caused to one of the buildings of Iran's Atomic Energy Organization, although Iranian authorities denied there was any damage or casualties as a result of the sabotage attempt. On July 3, an Israeli-owned cargo ship was struck by an "unknown weapon" in the northern Indian Ocean, causing a fire to erupt onboard the vessel, although no injuries were reported. Israeli sources suspect that Iran was behind the attack. On July 5, a large fire was reported at a warehouse or factory near the city of Karaj, where an alleged previous attack targeted a nuclear facility reportedly used to produce centrifuges. Iranian media reported an explosion on 14 July at an office building in western Tehran, causing heavy damage to part of the building. On 29 July, an Israeli-operated oil tanker was attacked near the coast of Oman. According to senior Israeli officials, the attack was conducted by Iran. On 10 August, a major explosion took place on a commercial ship docked at the Latakia port in Syria. Some reports identified the targeted ship as Iranian. The same day a fire broke out at an Iranian petrochemical factory on Khark Island in the Persian Gulf. On 26 September, three people were injured in a fire at an IRGC research center west of Tehran. On October 26, a cyberattack crippled gas stations across Iran. It was reported that some hacked systems displayed messages addressing Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, demanding to know "where is the gas." On November 7, it was reported that Mossad thwarted multiple Iranian attacks on Israelis in Tanzania, Senegal and Ghana. African authorities arrested five suspects. Iran has also attempted to strike Israel overseas and using cyberattacks. On November 17, Iranian media reported an explosion at an oil pipeline in the south of the country.

Paragraph 27: On April 8, 2003, the premises of Extreme Associates were raided by federal agents, and five videos were seized. The United States Postal Inspection Service and the Pornography Unit of the Los Angeles Police Department's Organized Crime and Vice Division had conducted the investigation leading to the indictment. On September 5, 2002, a U.S. postal inspector had joined the Extreme website. Postal inspectors then viewed clips on the site and ordered three videotapes which were sent to a postal agent in Pittsburgh. On August 6, 2003, Black, Borden and the company were indicted by a federal grand jury in Pittsburgh on ten counts of the production and distribution by mail and the Internet of obscene pornographic materials. Zicari and Romano faced a maximum total sentence of 50 years in prison, a fine of $2,500,000, or both. Extreme Associates, Inc. faced a maximum total sentence of a term of probation of 50 years and a fine of $5,000,000. The prosecution also sought forfeiture of the films charged in the indictment, all gross profits from the distribution of the films, and all property used to facilitate the alleged crimes, including the domain name extremeassociates.com. At the time, it was the first major federal obscenity prosecution in ten years.

Paragraph 28: Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends received generally positive reviews from critics. On the review aggregator website Metacritic, the album has a weighted average score of 72 out of 100 based on 32 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic stated, "They demonstrate a focused concentration throughout this tight album – it's only 47 minutes yet covers more ground than X&Y and arguably A Rush of Blood to the Head – that turns Viva la Vida into something quietly satisfying." Chris Willman of Entertainment Weekly magazine rated the album "A−" and called it their best album, while Alexis Petridis of The Guardian, however, wrote a mixed review, explaining: "Viva la Vidas mild tinkering with the formula represents a failure of imagination: perhaps it's hard to think outside the box when the box is the size of the Las Vegas MGM Grand Garden Arena. Equally, however, there's a genuine conviction about its contents, a huge advance both on its predecessor and their legion of imitators." Will Hermes of Rolling Stone magazine wrote that "Coldplay's desire to unite fans around the world with an entertainment they can all relate to is the band's strength, and a worthy goal. But on Viva la Vida, a record that wants to make strong statements, it's also a weakness. Sometimes, to say what needs to be said, you need to risk pissing people off." Melodic magazine's critic Kaj Roth gave the album 4/5 and felt that "the typical Coldplay trademark is there too with beautiful atmospheric melodies that will embrace the heart". Spin magazine's critic Mikael Wood said in a positive review of the album, "For all of Coldplay's experimentation, though, there's no doubting that Viva la Vida, with its sturdy melodies and universal themes – think love, war and peace – is an album meant to connect with the masses (arenas have been built for less than the climax of "Death and All His Friends"). The band's triumph lies in how exciting they make that prospect seem". IGN gave the album 9.3/10, while Q said: "So some habits die hard, but on every other level Viva La Vida [...] is an emphatic success [...], radical in its own measured way but easy to embrace". Robert Christgau gave it a one-star honorable mention (), saying: "Applying all his powers, Chris Martin successfully dilutes Radiohead, with — what else? Pleasant results".

Paragraph 29: The new route (now the A41) started from what was then called the 'New Road' (the first London bypass) and is now Marylebone Road, and ran north, first along what are now Park Road and Wellington Road, and becomes Finchley Road at St John's Wood tube station. It goes north through Swiss Cottage, then turns slightly north west, forming an unofficial boundary between Hampstead and West Hampstead, and then turns north again at Child's Hill. The A41 diverges westward and Finchley Road becomes the A598. It continues past Golders Green Underground station (where it meets the old route), through Temple Fortune to the North Circular Road, crossing it at Henlys Corner, where it becomes Regents Park Road (perhaps after the southern end of the route). This continues as Ballards Lane through Finchley Central to North Finchley. There it joins the former Great North Road (now the A1000).

Paragraph 30: During his first AFL pre-season, Stack trained mostly with Richmond's backline unit after coaches recognised his poor aerobic fitness base that caused him to regularly vomit during running sessions would mean he could not play his natural position as an inside midfielder at AFL level. Over the pre-season he found a focus in improving his aerobic fitness, which club officials highlighted as a key deficiency. He played his first football for the club as a half-back in VFL practice matches in March before being named for a round 3 AFL debut against  at Giants Stadium in Sydney. Stack was among Richmond's best players in his debut match, kicking a goal, recording 17 disposals and taking eight marks. He held his spot at AFL level the following week before recording 22 disposals against  in round 5 where he was named among Richmond's best players by The Age. Stack gained significant fan and media attention in round 6's ANZAC Day eve win over  where he took a spectacular mark that was nominated for the AFL's Mark of the Week and laid a brutal-but-legal bump on Melbourne captain Jack Viney that resulted in a two-week shoulder injury to the receiving Viney. After nine rounds of the season and seven matches AFL matches, Stack ranked fourth in total marks and total intercepts, fifth in effective disposals per game and eight in total rebound 50s among Rising Star eligible players. In round 10's Dreamtime at the 'G Indigenous culture celebration match, Stack participated in the club's pre-game war cry usually performed by non-playing club representatives. The following week he posted a then career-best 24 disposals, five marks and four tackles in a loss to , earning a nomination for the league's Rising Star award. To that point, he ranked number one among Rising Star eligible players for total intercepts, second in total marks and seventh in both total disposals and tackles that season. Stack was named in the AFL Media Team of the Week for round 13 following as loss to  in which he recorded 22 disposals. 1116 SEN commentator Kane Cornes labelled Stack one of the biggest 'steals' in draft history following that match and ranked him as the second most promising player from his draft class. At the same time, Stack was ranked number one that season among Rising Star eligible players under Champion Data's AFL player ratings system. Following the club's mid-season bye and after the injury return of many of Richmond's senior leaders, Stack was shifted from the backline into a forward role for the club's round 15 match up against . He was exceptional in his first time playing that role, kicking four goals in a performance that saw him named among Richmond's best players by the Herald Sun, The Age and AFL Media. In addition, he was named best on ground by the coaches with nine votes in the AFLCA player of the year award and was also named to AFL Media's team of the week. Stack remained as a forward through the month of July, kicking three goals over his next four matches but suffering calf soreness in the lead-up to round 20's match against  that forced him to sit out that win. He returned for one match at AFL level but was omitted from the senior side in round 22 following a 12 disposal performance. Stack excelled with 15 disposals in the first half of his first match at VFL level since March, before suffering a serious ankle injury just before half time. He underwent surgery to repair what was revealed to be a syndesmosis injury and with a recovery time frame of four weeks, was at risk of missing the entirety of the club's AFL and VFL finals series. Stack resumed weight-assisted running one week after his surgery and was running unassisted and taking part in light drills by the middle of September. He returned to football in the club's VFL grand final, five weeks after his initial injury. Stack played on reduced minutes and suffered a fresh minor rolled ankle in the match, notching a total of six disposals as his side won the club's first reserves premiership since 1997. He was considered sufficiently fit to be named an emergency for the following week's AFL grand final, though he would go unselected in the final premiership-winning side. At season's end, Stack placed third in the league's Rising Star award and was named in the AFL players' association's 22under22 team, which recognises the best young players in the league. He also placed equal 13th in the club's best and fairest count and won the Cosgrove-Jenkins award as Richmond's best first year player.