Paragraph 1: In 1970, Leavitt organized an orchestra which was to have a different sound and style. He wanted to select the band's repertoire from songs with a particular, positive social message and philosophy, and arranged his new band's sound as to sound as raw and powerful as the typical all-trombone salsa sound in vogue at the time (made popular by Willie Colón), but with the addition of trumpets to lighten up the sound melodically. He composed some of the songs of this new group, which he named "La Selecta". Ever since its beginning, La Selecta has featured Coamo-born Sammy Marrero, considered by many as a gentlemanly character in salsa, as one of its singers. Marrero, who has always been strongly influenced by jibaro music, had a chance to show his dramatic singing style in early hits such as the anthemic "Jíbaro Soy", a patriotic Puerto Rican song unusual for the times, "Payaso", and "El Buen Pastor". However, it is the band's signature song, "La Cuna Blanca", that Marrero's voice is mostly associated with.

Paragraph 2: In Mexico City he would stay at the guest house of wrestlers José Luis Mendieta and Jesus Reza, known as Rambo and Mano Negra respectively, as he started to work for EMLL full-time. He made his debut on the same night that El Solitario unmasked Ángel Blanco, working in front of a much larger crowd than he had in Juárez. Fishman's more brutal wrestling style, common in Juárez but not so in Mexico City, almost immediately made him a rudo (wrestlers who portray the "bad guys") with the fans. During his early days he won a couple of low ranking masks, defeating El Médico I, El Monarca and Professor Konak in Luchas de Apuestas, or bet matches, as a way to establish him as a rising star in EMLL. Further promotional support came on October 3, 1973 where EMLL decided he should win the Mexican National Welterweight Championship defeating El Marquez for the championship. On December 5, 1974 he unmasked a wrestler known as the Durango Kid after beating him in a Luchas de Apuestas match. His run as the Mexican National Welterweight Champion lasted over two-and-a-half year before it was vacated on March 5, 1975. Months later Fishman regained the title by defeating Alberto Muñoz in the finals of a tournament to regain the Welterweight Championship. On February 4, 1976 Fishman challenged Ringo Mendoza for the Mexican National Middleweight Championship but was not able to win it, this was rare for the time, both because Fishman was already a champion and that he was clearly identified as a welterweight. On April 23, 1976, in the main event of the 20. Aniversario de Arena México show, Fishman defeated El Faraón in a Luchas de Apuestas match, forcing Faraón to unmask and reveal his real name after the match as per lucha libre traditions. The Apuestas success was followed up by on April 9 when he defeated Blue Demon to win the NWA World Welterweight Championship, one of the top ranked championships in EMLL. With this win he vacated the Mexican National Welterweight Championship to allow him to focus on the NWA World title. On November 19, 1976 Fishman lost the title to Mano Negra as a part of a long running storyline between the two that had begun over the summer. In early 1977 he defeated Blue Demon to become a three time Mexican National Welterweight Champion. At this time he became involved in a three-way storyline against two other hated rudo characters El Cobarde and Sangre Chicana. The three-way storyline was the driving force behind both the first 44th Anniversary Show and the second 44th Anniversary Shows held in September 1977. On the first show, on September 23, the three men competed in a three-way Luchas de Apuestas match, in which El Cobarde was able to pin Fishman to escape from the match with his mask. In the end Fishman pinned Sangre Chicana, forcing him to unmask at the end of the show. The following week El Cobarde caused Fishman to lose the Mexican National Weltweight Championship to Kung Fu, leading to the two facing off for their masks the following day. On September 27 Fishman defeated his longtime back stage friend El Cobarde, forcing him to unmask, giving Fishman two major mask wins within a week of each other.

Paragraph 3: In 1925 Dick was playing for the North Shore 4th grade cricket side. He was awarded the "T. Eyres bat" for the "highest batting in the fourth grade" at the clubs annual awards. He progressed through the grades playing for the 3rd grade side by 1928 and in 1929 he was promoted to the North Shore senior B side aged 18 and was then chosen for the Auckland Colts for a tour of the South Island. In his side was future first class cricketer Trevor Lyon, and New Zealand Test cricketer Giff Vivian. He only managed 1 run in a match with an Otago side on December 25. Smith scored 10 runs and took a catch in their match with Southland on December 29. On January 1 he scored 34 at Oamaru against a North Otago side. It was said that he “did not get into his stride for some time, but hit hard for his 34”. He also took a catch and a wicket as Auckland went on to win the match on the second day. On the 3rd against South Canterbury at Timaru, "Smith came to the crease [with Auckland 98/6] and played brightly,...the rest went easily with the exception of Smith, who was undefeated" on 43 at the end of Auckland's innings of 151. Auckland was bowled out for 125 in their second innings with Smith again not out on 7. In their final tour match against Ashburton on January 7–8 he scored 22 in a draw. He had been promoted up the order to bat at 5, after spending most of the tour at 7 or 8. After returning from the tour on January 25 he made his senior club debut for North Shore against United Suburbs. It was reported that "Bush and R. Smith brightened the outlook. The latter, a promoted colt, was eventually bowled when attempting to put Horspool out of the ground". On March 29 he scored 100 in a game against Eden while batting at number 4. The Auckland Star said "the cricket was brighter than has been seen for some time past at Devonport, and this fact was in great measure due to the innings of R. Smith, who carried his bat for 100 dead. This was his first century in big cricket, and, although his innings was not chance less, he deserves high praise for his sparkling display. At no time was his batting dull, and his crisp well-timed strokes sent the ball to the boundary on fifteen occasions. more at home to the slow stuff stuff than to the faster variety of bowling, Smith thrived on leg deliveries, although his off shots were at times brilliant. With coaching he should develop into a batsman of more than ordinary ability". After a handful of low scores to start the following season he was dropped to the B team and seemingly played no further cricket for North Shore.

Paragraph 4: In recent years Ansari and Parman have come under scrutiny of the Central Bank of Curaçao and Sint Maarten (CBCS) with regard to financial misappropriations regarding an insurance company operating in the Dutch Caribbean islands of Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten. The CBCS has stated that under shareholder Parman International B.V., in which Ansary is a majority shareholder, ENNIA Caribe Holding and ENNIA Caribe Investments had appropriated 1,5 billion Antillean guilders (approximately $838 million) from ENNIA insurance companies. These insurance companies operate on the islands of Curaçao and Sint Maarten and therefore fall under the supervision of the CBCS. According to the CBCS, the appropriation took place by having the insurance companies invest in shares in another Parman subsidiary, Stewart & Stevenson Inc. When these shares were sold in 2017, although the insurance companies had held 74% of the shares and should have received $558.7 million, they only received $282.2 million and thus lost approximately $273 million. In another transaction, land at Mullet Bay (sint Maarten) was put in the books of the insurance company for 771 million guilders (just under $431 million) although according to Cushman & Wakefield, one of the largest appraisers in the world, the value is only 89 million guilders ($49 million). In August 2018, after negotiations between CBCS and ENNIA and major shareholder Husang Ansary collapsed, Ansary gave instructions to withdraw $100 million in policyholders money from ENNIA. After CBCS placed ENNIA under an emergency measure, the $100 million was returned to ENNIA. The CBCS notes, however, that $50 million came from a private account of Ansary. On January 29, 2019, a United States Bankruptcy Court declared CBCS is entitled to the accounts since based on the emergency measure, CBCS, and not Parman, is effectively managing ENNIA. The accounts had been frozen because Parman and its major shareholder Ansary did not want to confirm that the CBCS is entitled to the accounts. According to the CBCS, the procedures of Parman and Ansary delay the restructuring process of ENNIA, which increases the risk of its policy holders.

Paragraph 5: Prior to the entrance of the United States into World War I, she served on Neutrality Patrol duty, trying to protect American and neutral-flagged merchant ships from interference by British or German warships and U-boats. In the course of performing those duties, Balch was at Newport, Rhode Island, in early October 1916. At 0530 on 8 October, wireless reports came in of a German submarine stopping ships near the Lightship Nantucket, off the eastern end of Long Island. After an SOS from the British steamer  was received at about 1230, Rear Admiral Albert Gleaves ordered Balch and other destroyers at Newport to attend to survivors. The American destroyers arrived on the scene about 1700 when the U-boat,  under the command of Kapitänleutnant Hans Rose, was in the process of stopping the Holland-America Line cargo ship . Shortly after, U-53 stopped the British passenger ship . As Rose had done with three other ships U-53 had sunk earlier in the day, he gave passengers and crew aboard Blommersdijk and Stephano adequate time to abandon the ships before sinking the pair. At one point, Rose signaled Balch requesting that she move out of the way to allow Stephano to be torpedoed, much to the later chagrin of Lord Beresford, who denounced Balchs compliance as "aiding and abetting" the Germans in a speech in the House of Lords. In total, 226 survivors from U-53s five victims were rescued by the destroyer flotilla. Balch picked up the crew of Stephano and a number of passengers, later transferring them to destroyer  for return to Newport.

Paragraph 6: The two PVA battalions attacking on the Marine right had their greatest success at Boulder City, seizing a portion of the trenchline defended by Company G, 3/1 Marines. In an attempt to exploit this foothold, the PVA attacked the Berlin and East Berlin gates, passages through the wire that the Marines had used to supply and reinforce the two outposts before both were overwhelmed. Cloud cover prevented aerial observers from supporting the troops protecting the gates, and the PVA managed to gain control of Berlin gate and mount a second determined assault on the Boulder City perimeter. Hand-to-hand fighting raged all along the  of trench that Lieutenant Swigart's Marines still held. The company's ammunition ran low, and the plight of casualties became increasingly difficult as PVA fire killed two of Boulder City's eight corpsmen and wounded most of the others. By midnight, Swigart's company could muster no more than half its earlier strength, but it still clung to the rear slope of Boulder City. Casualties had further eroded the strength of the Boulder City garrison, when at 00:15 on the 25th, Company I, 3/1 Marines, moved toward the hill to reinforce Swigart's survivors. The PVA intercepted and correctly interpreted the coded radio message ordering the Company I Marines forward, thus obtaining information that enabled their artillery and mortars to wound or kill about a third of the reinforcements. Despite the deadly barrage, much of Company I reached Boulder City, joined forces with the remnants of Swigart's garrison, and took part in a counterattack that recaptured the hill by 03:30. Further reinforcements from Company E, 2/7 Marines, and Company E, 2/1 Marines, arrived by 05:30 to consolidate the position. A few PVA, however, continued to cling to positions on the slopes nearest the MLR. Since the PVA still controlled the approaches to Boulder City, they were able to mount another attack on that position at 08:20, 25 July. Fire from Marine mortars and artillery, and from the 90mm weapons of 10 tanks dug in on the Marine positions, played the key role in breaking up the new assault, although the last of the attackers did not withdraw until afternoon. The M-46 tanks proved deadly against advancing PVA troops, but also presented an inviting target for PVA artillery and mortar crews, who directed some 2,200 rounds at the armored vehicles. Aircraft also helped repulse the 25 July attack on Boulder City, as when F9F jets flew nine missions, guided by ground radar, against positions threatening Boulder City and nearby defensive strongpoints.

Paragraph 7: However in Galois theory, a branch of algebra, and in this article, the term generic polynomial has a different, although related, meaning: a generic polynomial for a finite group G and a field F is a monic polynomial P with coefficients in the field of rational functions L = F(t1, ..., tn) in n indeterminates over F, such that the splitting field M of P has Galois group G over L, and such that every extension K/F with Galois group G can be obtained as the splitting field of a polynomial which is the specialization of P resulting from setting the n indeterminates to n elements of F. This is sometimes called F-generic or relative to the field F; a Q-generic polynomial, which is generic relative to the rational numbers is called simply generic.

Paragraph 8: Along the west coast of central Japan, in Toyama Prefecture, heavy rains caused 107 landslides while rough seas damaged nine ships. There, 49 homes were damaged and two others were destroyed. Four bridges were damaged and one was destroyed. Two people were killed and damage totaled ¥575 million. Almost 40% of all crops in the prefecture were destroyed. In Otani, 44 people were evacuated after a hotel collapsed. Across Nagano Prefecture, six homes were damaged. The typhoon spawned a tornado near Utsunomiya, which destroyed 30 houses, and damaged 182 other buildings. Damage from the tornado was assessed at ¥1.5 billion. Most of Tochigi Prefecture received heavy rains, which caused damage to 30 homes, 70 embankments, and two bridges. Roads were damaged in 52 spots. Moreover, 24 people were hurt and 1,311 people were homeless. Damage across the prefecture was estimated at ¥2.53 billion. Offshore Fukui Prefecture, 69 ships sunk. Onshore, six houses were damaged and there were thirteen landslides. Damage in the prefecture totaled ¥460 million. Strong winds damaged 17 structures in Gunma Prefecture and crop damage there amounted to ¥968 million. Additionally, 20 homes were flooded and 3,000 households lost power along coastal areas of Saitama Prefecture. Two people were wounded in Ibaraki Prefecture. In Gifu Prefecture, one person died and another was injured. A total of 343 homes were destroyed and 1,690 others were damaged, which led to 1,237 homeless. There were 247 landslides, seventeen bridges were damaged, and roads were damaged in 430 places. In Aichi Prefecture, 17 people were injured. Three hundred ninety-two homes were damaged and two others were destroyed. A total of 3,000 trees and 7,000 streets signs were downed. Damage throughout the prefecture totaled ¥1.04 billion. In Yamanashi Prefecture, one person was hurt and one hundred ten homes were damaged or destroyed, which resulted in 419 people homeless. Thirty-one trains were suspend. Damage there amounted to ¥1.95 billion. Two people were injured in Chiba Prefecture, where  of crops were damaged. Across Mie Prefecture, a combination of high winds and torrential rains damaged 392 homes and destroyed 66 others, which resulted in 760 people displaced from their home. Eight bridges were damaged and there were 166 landslides. Offshore, 16 vessels were damaged. Fifteen people were hurt and damage totaled ¥22.8 billion. Three people were wounded and a hundred one homes were damaged in Shizuoka Prefecture. Damage in Ōshima Subprefecture totaled ¥46.3 billion. On the Yamanashi Prefecture, damage totaled ¥1.87 billion. However, damage in the surrounding Tokyo area was minimal, and one person was injured. though 260,000 passengers were stranded after 117 trains along the Tōkaidō Shinkansen line were disrupted. In Kanagawa Prefecture, one person was wounded and fifteen houses were damaged.

Paragraph 9: It is situated in the south-west of the country, bordering the Anseba region to the north, and the Maekel (Central) and Debub (Southern) regions to the east; the country of Sudan lies to the west and Ethiopia to the south. The major crops in the region are bananas, tomatoes, cotton, onions, millet, sesame, green pepper and sweet melon. Within the entire country there existed extensive forestation as recently as 1900 AD; however, there is less than one percent forested area present in the country, and this deforestation trend has been mirrored in the region. Most of Eritrea was previously habitat for the endangered painted hunting dog, Lycaon pictus; however, this canid is now deemed extirpated from Gash-Barka and all of Eritrea due to the expanding human population in this country.  The topography of the region has highland plateau, which are cooler than the regions around the coastal plains. There are two rainy seasons, the heavier one during summer and the lighter one during spring. The climate and geography of the region along with other regions of Eritrea is similar to the one of Ethiopia. The average elevation in the region is around  to . The hottest month is May recording temperatures up to , while the coldest month is December to February when it reaches freezing temperature. The region received around  of rainfall and the soil is conducive for agriculture.

Paragraph 10: The Cards led 2–1 in the top of the seventh. 21-game-winning southpaw Will Sherdel had an 0–2 count on Babe Ruth, who turned to say something to catcher Earl Smith. Seizing what he thought was a great opportunity to end the at-bat, Sherdel "quick-pitched," or threw without a windup, for what he thought was strike three on the Babe.  "Quick pitches" were legal in the National League, but not in the American League or the World Series. So NL plate umpire Cy Pfirman called "no pitch," causing a vociferous argument with the Cardinals. Ruth then took two balls to even the count at 2–2 before homering to tie the game at two apiece. Gehrig's ensuing back-to-back home run, his fourth of the Series, gave the Yanks a lead they never relinquished.  They scored twice more in the seventh, and Ruth finished the inning off with his third homer of the game in the two-run Yankee eighth.

Paragraph 11: M-59 starts at I-96 in Howell Township as Highland Road near a large outlet mall. Highland Road carries M-59 concurrently with the westernmost section of Business Loop I-96 (BL I-96). Highland Road widens out into a boulevard south of the county airport before the roadway reaches Grand River Avenue.  At this intersection, BL I-96 departs to the southwest. This section of Howell is mostly residential with tree-lined streets. The boulevard section ends near Thompson Lake and M-59 continues east through rural Livingston County as a two-lane highway crossing  forested and residential areas. Halfway across Hartland Township, M-59 meets the US Highway 23 (US 23) freeway near the Hartland Plaza Shopping Center, and Highland Road widens out to a boulevard divided highway again. The route passes several small lakes and continues east into Oakland County. Running through the Highland State Recreational Area, M-59 swings to the north through rural Oakland County's lake country which comprises several lakes in dense forest lands and residential subdivisions that form the northern edge of the Metropolitan Detroit area. There is a brief gap in the Highland SRA where M-59 narrows back to two-lane road. Near Brendel Lake and the Alpine Valley Ski Area, Highland Road narrows back to two lanes for the final time. The narrowed roadway continues east, crossing the southern edge of Pontiac Lake in the state recreational area of the same name.

Paragraph 12: Since before Canada's emergence as a nation in 1867, the country has produced its own composers, musicians and ensembles. From the 17th century onward, Canada has developed a music infrastructure, that includes concert halls, conservatories, academies, performing arts centres, record companies, radio stations and national music video television channels.  The success of the gramophone at the beginning of the 20th century  allowed Canadian songwriters to broaden their potential audiences. Following quickly on the gramophone's spread came World War I. The war was the catalyst for the writing and recording of large numbers of Canadian-written popular songs, some of which achieved lasting international commercial success. The 1920s saw Canada's first radio stations, this  allowed  Canadian songwriters to  contribute some of the most famous popular music of the early 20th century.

Paragraph 13: Almost all the information available on the structure of the Earth's deep interior is derived from observations of the travel times, reflections, refractions and phase transitions of seismic body waves, or normal modes. P waves travel through the fluid layers of the Earth's interior, and yet they are refracted slightly when they pass through the transition between the semisolid mantle and the liquid outer core. As a result, there is a P-wave "shadow zone" between 103° and 142° from the earthquake's focus, where the initial P waves are not registered on seismometers. In contrast, S waves do not travel through liquids.

Paragraph 14: He later regained the AAA World Tag Team titles with Nicho el Millonario, calling themselves La Hermandad Extrema (later renamed La Hermandad 187), at Verano de Escandalo (2008) in a "four-way" ladder match between Crazy Boy and Último Gladiador, Extreme Tiger and Halloween, and Jack Evans and Teddy Hart. They successfully defended the titles against Alan and Chris Stone and Jack Evans and Teddy Hart in a "three-way" ladder match at the 2008 Antonio Peña Memorial Show. They also faced Jack Evans and Teddy Hart at Guerra de Titanes 2008 fighting them to a double-countout. At the 2009 Rey de Reyes, Líder was eliminated in the opening rounds by Alan Stone. This was a 4-man elimination match that also included Elegido and Silver King. La Hermandad 187 are the longest reigning tag team champions, with a reign of 551 days. On March 19, 2010, they lost the championship to La Legión Extranjera representatives Taiji Ishimori and Takeshi Morishima. On June 6, 2010, at Triplemania XVIII, La Hermandad 187 participated in a 4-Way elimination match for the AAA World Tag Team Championship. Líder eliminated the then reigning AAA World Tag Team Champions (Atsushi Aoki and Go Shiozaki) when he pinned Shiozaki. later on Líder was pinned by James Storm of Beer Money, Inc. after interference from Konnan, denying them the chance to regain the tag team championship. Later in the night La Hermandad helped Cibernético beat up almost all the members of La Legión. Afterwards La Hermandad started feuding with La Sociedad, a superstable consisting of invaders from Los Perros del Mal and members of Los Maniacos, La Legión Extrangera and La Milicia, El Zorro and Hernandez in particular. La Hermandad received their rematch for the AAA World Tag Team Championship from Los Maniacos (Silver King and Último Gladiador) on September 19, 2010, but Lider was forced to enter the match without Nicho, who was taken out by El Zorro, Hernandez and La Legión the previous week, and was unable to regain the championship. At Héroes Inmortales IV Nicho and Lider gained a measure of revenge on Konnan by defeating him and Perros del Mal members Damián 666 and Halloween in a three–on–two handicap hardcore match. On December 5 at Guerra de Titanes Líder and Nicho received a shot at the AAA World Tag Team Championship, but were unable to dethrone Los Maniacos in a three-way ladder match, which also included Hernandez and El Ilegal. On June 18 at Triplemanía XIX, Líder, Electroshock and Heavy Metal defeated Silver King, Último Gladiador and Chessman in a Tables, Ladders and Chairs match. During the match, Nicho tried entered the ring and tried to exact revenge on La Maniarquía for injuring him, but was stopped and suspended by AAA president Joaquín Roldan. Nicho returned to AAA on July 16, threatening Roldan, which led to Líder trying to calm his partner down. This in turn led to Nicho declaring that if Líder was with Roldan, they were no longer friends. Later in the event, Nicho interfered in Líder's match and turned on him, effectively ending La Hermandad 187. On July 31 at Verano de Escándalo, Nicho attacked Líder during a Monster's Ball match and put him through a flaming table, costing him the match in the process. In early 2012, Líder reunited with the returning Juventud Guerrera as the Mexican Powers. On May 6, Líder and Guerrera challenged Abyss and Chessman for the AAA World Tag Team Championship, but were defeated following interference from Nicho, now working as Psicosis and wearing his old mask, supposedly to cover his face burned by Líder. On August 5 at Triplemanía XX, Líder reunited with Psicosis for one night to take part in a Parejas Suicidas steel cage match, featuring three other former tag teams. Líder lost the match, after being turned on by Psicosis, forcing the two to face other in a Hair vs. Hair match later in the event. In the end, the match was won by Psicosis, forcing Líder to have his head shaved bald.

Paragraph 15: After a weekend of emotional honesty at an Esalen-style retreat, Los Angeles sophisticates Bob and Carol Sanders return home determined to embrace complete openness. They share their enthusiasm and excitement over their new-found philosophy with their more conservative friends Ted and Alice Henderson, who remain doubtful. Soon after, filmmaker Bob has an affair with a young production assistant on a film shoot in San Francisco. When he returns home, he admits his liaison to Carol, describing the event as a purely physical act, not an emotional one. To Bob's surprise, Carol is completely accepting of his extramarital behavior. Later, Carol gleefully reveals the affair to Ted and Alice as they are leaving a dinner party. Disturbed by Bob's infidelity and Carol's candor, Alice becomes physically ill on the drive home. She and Ted have a difficult time coping with the news in bed that night. However, as time passes, they grow to accept that Bob and Carol really are fine with the affair. Later, Ted admits to Bob that he was tempted to have an affair once, but did not go through with it; Bob tells Ted he should, rationalizing: "You've got the guilt anyway. Don't waste it."

Paragraph 16: ReviewsDJ Hero has received positive reviews from the gaming press, who consider the title as a fresh restart of the music genre given the large number of titles based on guitar play. The turntable peripheral was considered to be well designed to meet the needs of the game. The unit's weight, size, and shape, and ability to cater to both left- and right-handed players was commended. Many reviewers noted a need to alter the action of the crossfader, either by having better physical feedback to the player to indicate the center of the knob's track, or by reducing the width of the track to better handle the rapid crossfade maneuvers. Reviewers also noted that there was a certain weight to the turntable portion of the controller which made scratching imprecise, particularly with the inner blue button where only minimal torque can be applied. The learning curve of the game across the various mixes was highly commended by reviewers for helping players to get used to the new controller. When progressing from "Medium" to "Hard" and "Expert" levels and encountering more complex mixes, reviewers thought the game felt transformed, bringing a difficult but more rewarding experience to the player as they begin emulating every part of a real DJ's motions. Johnny Minkley of Eurogamer considered that while the learning curve is steep, with the "Easy" difficulty being "less thrilling and engaging" compared to Guitar Hero, the game was "structured fabulously to nudge you gradually closer to the summit" with each successive career set and difficulty mode. Cam Shae of IGN Australia felt that the changes in "Hard" mode over "Medium" were somewhat excessive, introducing both more crossfade effects and button-pressing, and felt these could have been introduced separately in "Hard" and "Expert" modes.   Richard Li of 1UP.com noted that the inability to fail a song is both "a bane and a boon"; newer players would not feel frustration at trying to get used to the controller and would be able to quickly unlock all the sets in the game's career mode, but without knowing where they failed, they would not have an idea of where they need to hone their skills to improve their performance at the game. The omission of a practice mode was noted by Daemon Hatfield of IGN, believing it would help in some of the more complex mixes by the DJ celebrities. Reviewers believed that the small faults in DJ Hero can be easily fixed for potential sequels.

Paragraph 17: In March 2013, the New York Times reported that the Las Vegas Sands Corporation had informed the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that the Corporation likely violated federal law against the bribery of foreign officials. The Company disputed these reports, stating in a press release:The company did not report any violations of the anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA, and it said news reports stating otherwise, such as the headline in today's New York Times which described the matter by saying 'Casino Says it Likely Cheated,' are both inflammatory and defamatory...in [the Company's] preliminary findings the company's Audit Committee had advised that there were 'likely violations' of the books and records and internal controls provisions (i.e. 'accounting provisions') of the FCPA. A potential violation of the accounting provisions could range anywhere from a single transaction recorded incorrectly to other errors in the accounting records. The company said it will vigorously defend itself against that type of uninformed and misleading reporting.

Paragraph 18: However the most controversial decision Moffett took was the introduction of regional rugby to Wales. After much discussion with the clubs, he got his wish and for the 2003–04 season five regions were created, some jointly owned by two of the former clubs and two (Llanelli Scarlets and Cardiff Blues) were owned by only one club, prompting complaints of favouritism from supporters of the other clubs. During the 2003–04 season 50% of the ownership of the Celtic Warriors region was given to the WRU by Leighton Samuel who had acquired the Pontypridd share because that club was effectively bankrupt. At the end of the 2003–04 season Leighton Samuel, the owner of the other 50% of the region sold his share to the WRU. Following the WRU's decision to become 100% shareholders in the club; they found it had debts of about £300,000 although payment of most of that was able to be deferred. With the lowest support base of all the new provincial teams and determined to eradicate Welsh Rugby's financial difficulties, the Celtic Warriors team was dissolved leaving just four regional teams; this had been Moffett's original intention. Moffett was able to dissolve the Celtic Warriors with the help of WRU Chairman David Pickering by getting the remaining four regions to give £312,500 each to buy off Leighton Samuel. Samuel alleged that he only sold his share in the Warriors to the WRU because they agreed to keep the region going. The WRU denied this but Leighton Samuel took them to court and the WRU settled out of court. The regions each receive over £3 million a year from the WRU, although originally Llanelli Scarlets and Cardiff Blues received less than the others, as a punishment for going alone.

Paragraph 19: The 33rd Division landed at Finschhafen, New Guinea, on 11 May 1944 and the units were spread out in bivouac areas. The 123rd set up camp about twelve miles up the coast.  Here, the men continued training in the jungle, but despite their infantry role, they were mainly used to unload supply ships in the harbor.  On 20 August 1944, the 123rd Infantry was detached for independent operations near Maffin Bay, and relieved the entire 31st Infantry Division in order to guard the Wakde airstrip from Japanese attacks.  Now designated as "Task Force Tornado," the 123rd conducted 258 one-day patrols and 29 two-day patrols, along with the score or more of five-day patrols.  Resistance from the Japanese was frequent, and on each of these engagements the enemy was rendered ineffective.  By the use of these patrols, the Japanese were prevented from closing in on the perimeter and their artillery was kept out of range.  The men of the 123rd, even during their "baptism by fire," showed that quality training paid off, and they performed well even against a veteran enemy.  When the 123rd took over the Toem-Sarmi area, there were around 2,000 Japanese in the area with 1,400 of them identified as combat troops.  When the Regiment left the area for combat on Luzon, the total number of enemy killed in that sector, including those accounted for by preceding troops, had been swelled to 4,005.  The most bitter battle of the Sarmi area took place when Company C of the 1st Battalion (1-123), led by CPT Marchant, encountered heavy resistance at Sawaar Airfield.  On the second morning of their five-day patrol, they were greeted by a burst of enemy shells.  The next day, the patrol ran into machine-gun fire after trudging though the thick mud of the Sago palm swamps.  Four Japanese patrols were surprised and five of the enemy killed. However, the real battle would take place the following day.  Three enemy tanks had infiltrated behind C Company,s lines, and enemy mortar and machine gun fire supported the tanks.  In the ensuing skirmish, which lasted all day, all three enemy tanks were knocked out, one of them by a well-aimed bazooka shot fired by Captain Marchant, and 25 Japanese dead were found laying around the jungle.  This upped the total verified enemy casualties to 31, with only one member of the 123rd killed. He died from an aerial bomb booby-trap on the first day.

Paragraph 20: As evidence of James Wood's eccentricity and religious fervour Lucy described the interior of the house he bought and had decorated in preparation for his marriage and the family he intended to raise there. In every room, painted friezes carried religious mottos such as "He that giveth to the poor shall not lack", "Honour thy father and thy mother" and "The soul is not where it lives but where it loves". But what she described as "the triumph of eccentricity" was the drawing room. Her father had visited the Holy Land and had brought back many things with the idea of creating what she described as "a holy and uplifting room". There was a continuous frieze of a painted landscape representing the journey from Jerusalem to Jericho, while from the ceiling hung antique brass lamp-holders such as might have hung in Solomon’s Temple. Recesses in the walls were divided by wooden arcades of the Moorish onion shape and there were many beautiful objects made of brass, as well as other rarities displayed in a glass-fronted cupboard. Lucy said: "This unexpected room did not look at all like a Kardomah Café as you might think. It looked like a gentleman’s enthusiastic and satisfied near-lunacy."

Paragraph 21: While earning his living decorating pianos and furniture, Usui began to associate with Japanese artists in the city and to make paintings of his own. The informal group to which he attached himself included Yasuo Kuniyoshi, Kyohei Inukai, Eitaro Ishigaki, Gozo Kawamura, Toshi Shimizu, Kiyoshi Shimizu, Chuzo Tamotzu, and Torajiro Watanabe. In 1921 this group formed an organization devoted to mutual support and the exhibition of their work. In November 1922 it held its first show. Called "Exhibition of the Japan Artists Association in New York City", it was held in the gallery of the Civic Club on 12th Street near Fifth Avenue. The Japanese artists' show was one of the club's first exhibitions. A review in the New York Times noted the youth of the artists and their decision to adopt Western styles in their work. A critic called Usui "self-taught and sensitive", and praised his handling of color.  Usui continued to work as a lacquerer in a furniture factory until 1927. He had by then also established an art studio called Dai Butsu or "Great Buddha" at his apartment on West 14th Street.  In 1925 he began showing with the Society of Independent Artists, which had no selection juries and offered no prizes. That year he also began showing with Salons of America, another organization that sponsored juryless exhibitions. Like his friend Kuniyoshi he spent part of the summer in the Woodstock artists colony and joined the Woodstock Artists Association. When he showed in a Salons of America exhibition early in 1925, a review in the New Yorker magazine called attention to a painting called "Machine Shop" that, the reviewer said, "is new in a way that does not remind you of every other modern you have seen this year." The exhibition catalog for a Society of Independent Artists later that year included a reproduction of his painting named "Roof at Evening". A review by Forbes Watson in The Arts magazine called the a show of the Independent in 1926, "refreshing and enjoyable" and credited Usui with giving "a humorous outlook on the American scene." A review in Arts and Decoration said that Usui's "Summer Evening" was "truly amusing". Commenting on a painting that would become one of his best known, the reviewer said Usui's "Party on the Roof" was less derivative than other works and noted a detail in which two persons, whom the reviewer called "peeping spinsters", look on, horrified at the bohemian excesses they observe.  At an Independents exhibition held in 1929, Usui showed a painting of four women picnicking called "Sunday Afternoon". Writing in the Baltimore Sun, Jerome Klein called it a "clever rendering". During the second half of the 1920s Usui continued to show at the Salons and Independents (as they were called) and in 1927 participated in another group exhibition with Japanese artists. Reporting on a show by the Independents in 1930, a critic credited Usui with a high level of sophistication, skill, and ability. The critic said a painting called "Siesta" was "an exceedingly smart performance." In addition to shows hosted by the Salons and Independents, Usui participated with several new groups during the early 1930s. With six other artists, he helped found an artists' cooperative called "An American Group" in 1931. The seven held their first show at a hotel in February of the next year. Although he had not been a student at the Art Students League, he showed in a print exhibition with a group of the League's former students later that year. During the summer of 1932 he showed for the first time in an exhibition sponsored by Robert U. Godsoe called the Gotham Outdoor Gallery. A reviewer noted that Usui's contributions were a good deal more professional than the ones shown by other artists. The following year he showed at the Albright-Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo. In April 1934 he was given a solo exhibition at the Roerich Museum beside four other artists, all of whom had participated in outdoor exhibitions held in Washington Square. Later that year he participated in a group show at the Contemporary Arts Gallery and in another group show at Wanamaker's department store. The New York Times reproduced a painting from this show and its critic, Edward Alden Jewell, said the painting, called variously "Interior" or simply "Painting" was "enchanting" and "might well have been honored by the purchasing committee, and that certainly should enter some collection without delay." When a collector did thereafter buy the work, the transaction was Usui's first sale. After the show closed, a critic noted that the painting had received much attention.

Paragraph 22: Barbara Hatch Rosenberg, a molecular biologist at the State University of New York at Purchase and chairwoman of a biological weapons panel at the Federation of American Scientists, and others began claiming that the attack might be the work of a "rogue CIA agent" in October 2001, as soon as it became known that the Ames strain of anthrax had been used in the attacks, and she told the FBI the name of the "most likely" person. On November 21, 2001, she made similar statements to the Biological and Toxic Weapons convention in Geneva. In December 2001, she published "A Compilation of Evidence and Comments on the Source of the Mailed Anthrax" via the web site of the Federation of American Scientists (FAS) claiming that the attacks were "perpetrated with the unwitting assistance of a sophisticated government program". She discussed the case with reporters from The New York Times. On January 4, 2002, Nicholas Kristof of The New York Times published a column titled "Profile of a Killer" stating "I think I know who sent out the anthrax last fall." For months, Rosenberg gave speeches and stated her beliefs to many reporters from around the world. She posted "Analysis of the Anthrax Attacks" to the FAS web site on January 17, 2002. On February 5, 2002, she published "Is the FBI Dragging Its Feet?" In response, the FBI stated, "There is no prime suspect in this case at this time". The Washington Post reported, "FBI officials over the last week have flatly discounted Dr. Rosenberg's claims". On June 13, 2002, Rosenberg posted "The Anthrax Case: What the FBI Knows" to the FAS site.  On June 18, 2002, she presented her theories to senate staffers working for Senators Daschle and Leahy. On June 25, the FBI publicly searched Steven Hatfill's apartment, and he became a household name. "The FBI also pointed out that Hatfill had agreed to the search and is not considered a suspect." American Prospect and Salon.com reported, "Hatfill is not a suspect in the anthrax case, the FBI says." On August 3, 2002, Rosenberg told the media that the FBI asked her if "a team of government scientists could be trying to frame Steven J. Hatfill". In August 2002, Attorney General John Ashcroft labeled Hatfill a "person of interest" in a press conference, though no charges were brought against him. Hatfill is a virologist, and he vehemently denied that he had anything to do with the anthrax mailings and sued the FBI, the Justice Department, Ashcroft, Alberto Gonzales, and others for violating his constitutional rights and for violating the Privacy Act. On June 27, 2008, the Department of Justice announced that it would settle Hatfill's case for $5.8 million.

Paragraph 23: As the Japanese title Slapstick implies, the game intentionally features a lighthearted, humorous tone and is officially billed as a "comedy RPG."  Takemoto stated that the central theme of robots and their inventor stemmed from the desire to make a game where the player nurtured their own creation. The original gameplay model consisted of the player inventing robots with different abilities that would aid the citizens of a town in their daily lives. The townspeople would then rate how well they were helped, earning the player experience. An army of villains was added, expanded, and worked into the finalized storyline. Difficulties during development included Takemoto having to come up with compelling ideas for the game's plot and Kita having to rethink and recode the battle system several times. The characters, backgrounds, and enemies in Robotrek were designed by a team of Quintet artists. One artist of note is Kōji Yokota, who was responsible for designing the game's robots and claimed he was tasked with making them appear "retro" or "old fashioned." The soundtrack for Robotrek was composed by Ayako Yoda. Ancient president and lead composer Yuzo Koshiro is credited as a sound producer on the game.Robotrek was released in Japan on July 8, 1994. According to Famitsu sales data, it was the 11th-best selling game among Japanese retailers during the week of its release and the 21st-best selling game the following week. Enix published a strategy guide as part of its "Challenge Book" series in Japan on August 8, 1994. Robotrek was released in North America in October of the same year. Quintet reported that Robotrek ultimately sold only 45,000 copies in Japan and 20,000 copies in North America. Former Enix America producer Robert Jerauld speculated that the game suffered poor sales due to lack of advertising and an oversaturation of games on the console at the time. Robotrek would be one of the final games released by Enix in the region before taking a hiatus from publishing outside of Japan in late 1995.

Paragraph 24: The nexus of contracts theory is an idea put forth by a number of economists and legal commentators (most notably Michael Jensen and William Meckling as well as Frank Easterbrook) which asserts that corporations are nothing more than a collection of contracts between different parties – primarily shareholders, directors, employees, suppliers, and customers. Proponents of this theory contend that all disputes about the obligations of a particular corporation should be settled by resort to the methods used to interpret contracts, and that courts should not imply the existence of fiduciary duties on behalf of corporate officers and directors. Alternatively, the nexus of contracts theory can also be viewed as a method of enhancing corporate plausible deniability, insofar as it is a way of "passing the buck" down a chain of contractual obligations and losing all semblance of responsibility in the "nexus."  This can pose a practical loophole for corporate entities, a theoretical strength for those wishing to forward corporate ideology, and a legal problem for those who wish to take corporate entities to court.  Another strength of this theory of the firm is a firm begins to transcend border and defy simple classification when it is really intertwined by its contracts into a number of different countries and with a number of different stakeholders. For example, can General Motors be classified as strictly a U.S. company if it has contractual obligations with workings in China, customers in Europe, or stock investors in Canada?

Paragraph 25: The RN's Plans Division set a requirement for a dozen battleships for the post-war navy and the DNC began another design in February 1944 that would incorporate wartime lessons, but they soon concluded that "the power of modern weapons had increased so much that ever-increasing armour and torpedo protection was required until it became incompatible with the limited offensive power of the ship." The main armament was revised to an improved Mk IV version of the 16-inch gun in a new Mk III turret that fired a heavier shell at a marginally lower velocity, mounted in three triple turrets. They would also carry twelve twin QF  Mk V guns as their secondary armament and one twin and ten sextuple Bofors mounts plus fifty 20 mm Oerlikons for anti-aircraft protection. Calculations for a preliminary sketch design were completed in October and revealed a ,  ship at standard load and  at deep load. More detailed studies were conducted in January 1945 and showed that the ship would actually displace  at standard load and  deep. This design was too large, so multiple variants were considered over the next several months, examining the effects of reducing side armour, underwater protection and the number of main and secondary gun turrets. The provisional staff requirements were issued in March and increased the speed to  and set the endurance equal to that of the original design, which was slightly modified in April as 'Design B'. This greatly hampered the ability of the designers to reduce the size of the design as only those variants with two main gun turrets were below  at standard displacement. The most radical variant, christened 'Design X', had an armour arrangement similar to the modernised battlecruiser  with a pair of 16-inch and eight 4.5-inch turrets and had only minimal underwater protection, relying on tight compartmentalisation and strengthened internal bulkheads to localise damage. This yielded a  ship at standard load.

Paragraph 26: After the outbreak of the January Uprising, he was involved in the secret  in Vilnius. Soon he was promoted to the commissar of the Polish National Government for the Grodno Governorate. His writings made him popular both among the peasants and the gentry, which enabled the partisan units under his command to grow rapidly. Because of his successes he was promoted to the rank of Plenipotentiary Commissar of the Government for Lithuania (), which made him the commander-in-chief of all partisan units fighting in the areas of the former Grand Duchy of Lithuania, which are in modern Lithuania, Belarus, eastern Poland and Ukraine.

Paragraph 27: The book discusses the history of the division of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) that assigns movie ratings, the Classification and Rating Administration. Heins quotes New York Supreme Court Judge Charles Ramos, who observed that film directors have since learned to style their movies in such a way as to receive certain ratings from the MPAA. The book focuses on the negative and political impacts of censorship. Censorship can be confusing, and many seem to not know what it is, or why it is used. Censorship is defined as "The suppression or prohibition of any parts of books, films, news, etc. that are considered obscene, politically unacceptable, or a threat to security." (English Oxford Living Dictionaries). Censorship, the suppression of words, images, or ideas that are "offensive," happens whenever one or more people succeed in imposing their personal political or moral values on others." (ACLU) This article points to the importance of the First Amendment rights when, particular with regards to government involvement. "Censorship can be carried out by the government as well as private pressure groups. Censorship by the government is unconstitutional." (ACLU) Censorship has, to many people, gotten out of hand, and takes away from our First Amendment right of Freedom of Speech. "The question, therefore, is not whether we ought to have constraints on speech but what kinds of constraints?" (Huffpost). An argument of constraints is just an argument in itself. Peoples' views on constraints can vary from personal opinions, to personal exposures and experiences. The book focuses on fear being the tool for censorship. The second principle is that expression may be restricted only if it will clearly cause direct and imminent harm to an important societal interest. The classic example is falsely shouting fire in a crowded theater and causing a stampede. "Even then, the speech may be silenced or punished only if there is no other way to avert the harm" (ACLU). Using fear to censor works for many people and families, putting fear in parents, and using their children as a reason to censor books in their school library or in the classrooms, historical lessons that are deemed too violent, etc, all to censor or shelter their children. Censorship is used to ban things that not only are viewed as offensive, but can be viewed as offensive or indecent by certain people. It essentially is able to jump the gun to protect us, assuming we will be offended.

Paragraph 28: One of Mithridates generals, Taxiles, and a large force were sent to join up with Archelaus and his forces in the Elatean plains. Baker cites a Roman army of less than 17,000 thousand, excluding allied troops, and the enemy Pontic army outnumbering those troops 5 to 1, or around 85,000 troops. Delbruck presents both a "supposed" figure of 120,000 troops and a reduced figure of a "more modest" 60,000 Asiatics. Delbruck further makes comments on the available primary sources and specifically refers to "vague and boastful" memoirs of Sulla which were the primary source that other historians of the time used, such as Plutarch. Hammond preferred the figure of 60,000 soldiers, which is supplied by Memnon of Heraclea. The Pontic forces are also said to have had 90 scythed chariots.

Paragraph 29: Phytotrons unified and extended earlier piecemeal efforts to claim total control of the whole environment. In both walk-in rooms and smaller reach-in cabinets, phytotrons produced and reproduced whole complex climates of many variables. In the first phytotrons each individual room was held at a constant unique temperature. The Australian phytotron, for example, had rooms maintaining 9°C, 12°C, 16°C, 20°C, 23°C, 26°C, 30°C, 34°C. Because some of the earliest controlled environment experiments showed that plants reacted differently in daytime temperatures and nighttime temperatures, the first experiments to observe the effect(s) of varying the daytime versus the nighttime temperature saw experimenters move their plants from higher to lower temperatures over the course of a daily, or any other variable or constant, routine. This rendered the variable “temperature” experimentally controllable. Even a brute force approach that tested each successive environmental variable and every variety of plant would serve to pinpoint specific environmental conditions to maximize growth. Expecting that more knowledge would surely come from greater technology, the next generation of phytotrons expanded in technological reach, in their ranges of environmental variables, and also in the degree of control over each variable. The phytotron in Stockholm offered a humidity controlled room and a custom built computer, as well as a low temperature room that extended the temperature range down to -25°C for the study of Nordic forests. After that, phytotron technology compressed whole environments into smaller cabinets able to be set to any desired combination of environmental conditions, which are still in use today. 

Paragraph 30: Hatcher and Hemmat interpret the different occurrences of the Maid of Heaven throughout the writings of Bahá'u'lláh as the gradual unveiling of the station of Bahá'u'lláh. Sours describes parallels with Sophia, the personification of Wisdom in the Wisdom literature in the Bible. John Walbridge categorized her appearance under four themes: 'the maiden revealed' as the personification of the spirit of God, 'the maiden in love' as a bride personifying his coming revelation, 'the maiden heartbroken' in sorrow and grief over impending exile and of internal and external enemies, and 'the maiden afterwards' representing healing of spiritual wounds and the increasing tranquility of Bahá'u'lláh's later years.