Paragraph 1: From 1990 onwards, she incorporated video as an expressive medium to address the theme of time with greater precision. Her concerns about time and the human dimension lead her to problematize the medium and she begins to make audiovisual installations. In an interview the artist states:"The moving image started to become necessary to me around 1998, when I was working on a series of works on paper and steel with the idea of pointing out, through the image, a double characteristic of time: that of leaving traces and erasing them in the same action. I was interested in how this property operates on memory and objects."Cuentas de vidrio, one of his first video installations, participates in the International Video Art show, at the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes in 1990, where he will later hold a solo exhibition of his objects. In 2000, he received a Guggenheim Fellowship with the project Notas sobre el tiempo (Notes on Time), which allowed him to mount a twelve-channel video installation at the Cronopios hall of the Centro Cultural Recoleta in Buenos Aires in 2001, in the midst of the institutional explosion in Argentina. This exhibition, in which he conveys the urgency and cacophony of the social climate, is considered a turning point in his production. In an introductory text to Rivas' work, Eugenio Viola refers:"Since 2001, Silvia Rivas has developed an evident interest in time-based practices, which includes the relationship between video, the body, and the environment, as well as strategies related to the field of so-called "delegated performance", with all that it may imply for post-produced video. Over the years, Rivas has explored the characteristics of the state-of-the-art video technologies of the time and has developed a personal video-approach that makes extensive use of slow motion, extended playback, and accelerated sequence effects to investigate time and space. Looking at Rivas's work with hindsight, there is no doubt that she is a pioneer of experimentation with the "expanded" possibilities of video, in its qualities for both installation and ambience, and not only in Argentina, but also within the broader context of Latin America." During the economic and social crisis in Argentina, Rivas produces the work Llenos de esperanza in which the social problems can be read metaphorically from an existential point of view. The political commitment of the work is aligned with the premise of the 8th Havana Biennial, in which he participates in 2003. For this same work he received the Argentine Video Award at the Biennial of Art, National Museum of Fine Arts.

Paragraph 2:  Board Chairman of Kunugigaoka Junior High School and Gakushū Asano's father. Responsible for Class 3-E's current condition, he and his son share a tense competitive relationship with each other. Gakuhō's teaching skills are seemingly on par with Koro-sensei's, and he seems to know the latter's secret. He eventually takes over as the teacher of Class 3-A in order to prove their superiority over Class 3-E once and for all. Gakuhō becomes more and more desperate as finals near, and eventually uses a teaching method that induces the entire Class 3-A, with the exception of Gakushū, into a zombie-like trance that makes them sacrifice their own personal well-being for the sake of studying. These events lead Gakushū to conclude that his father is insane and must be stopped. Gakuhō eventually falls into full-blown madness after his teaching methods fail to allow Class 3-A to beat Class 3-E and several 3-A students begin to contemplate transferring to Class 3-E. It is later revealed that when he had just started the Kunugigaoka Cram School, he was a passionate, caring, and talented teacher like Koro-sensei, but changed his ideal educational system after a tragic incident where one of his first three students, an aspiring basketball player, committed suicide due to constant bullying. He believed that it was due to him not teaching his students to be strong. This belief, combined with his guilt and grief, led him to become cold and calculating, and he avenged his student by ruining the lives of the bullies by getting them addicted to gambling. After being defeated by Koro-sensei personally, he accepts defeat and has shown some changes in his personality, while still refusing to give up on his educational policy. He also reconciles with Gakushū after they both decide to sue each other and the two ultimately spend some time bonding over the filing of their individual suits and dreaming of the payouts they will get. He is apparently aware of Kayano's true identity as she was the student he demoted to Class 3-E for intentionally breaking one of his possessions when she first transferred to Kunugigaoka. After Koro-sensei's death, the Class 3-E system is abolished and Gakuhō resigns from his position on the government's orders after the public found out about his draconian teaching methods. While he is packing up his office, however, he is visited by the remaining two students from his very first class, now adults, and begins catching up with them over a bottle of wine.

Paragraph 3: FC Bayern Munich has played its home games at the Allianz Arena since the start of the 2005–06 season. The club had previously played their home games at the Munich Olympic Stadium since 1972. 1860 Munich previously had a 50 per cent share in the stadium, but Bayern Munich purchased their shares for €11 million in April 2006 due to 1860 Munich suffering from financial issues. The arrangement allowed 1860 Munich to play at the stadium while retaining no ownership until 2025. However, in July 2017 Bayern terminated the rental contract with 1860, making themselves the sole tenants of the stadium.

Paragraph 4: Bills of exchange and promissory notes are two distinct types of contractual instrument subject to a distinct legal framework under which the rules governing their formation, validity, and nature is governed by federal rather than provincial law, and are thus harmonised between Québec and the common law provinces. A bill of exchange is "an unconditional order in writing, addressed by one person to another, signed by the person giving it, requiring the person to whom it is addressed to pay, on demand or at a fixed or determinable future time, a sum certain in money to or to the order of a specified person or to bearer".  A bill of exchange requires three parties: the drawer, the drawee, and the payee. The drawer gives the order to pay money to the third party while the drawee, whose identity must be "indicated...with reasonable certainty", is the person to whom the bill is addressed and who is ordered to pay. The drawee becomes an acceptor when they indicate their willingness to pay the bill, and the drawee's acceptance is required in order for the contract represented by the bill of exchange to come into existence. The payee is the person in whose favour the bill is drawn or is payable. The parties need not all be distinct persons. The most common type of bill of exchange used by the general public is the cheque, defined as a bill of exchange drawn on a banker and payable on demand. Bills of exchange are used primarily in international trade, and are written orders by one person to their bank to pay the bearer a specific sum on a specific date. A promissory note, on the other hand, is a legal instrument (more particularly, a financing instrument and a debt instrument), in which one party (the maker or issuer) makes an unconditional to pay a determinate sum of money to the other (the payee), either at a fixed or determinable future time or on demand of the payee, under specific terms and conditions. Although possibly non-negotiable, a promissory note may be a negotiable instrument if it is an unconditional promise in writing made by one person to another, signed by the maker, engaging to pay on demand to the payee, or at fixed or determinable future time, a sum certain in money, to order or to bearer. Banknotes are often regarded as promissory notes. The Bills of Exchange Act codifies the rules of formation and validity of both bills of exchange and promissory notes in Canada.

Paragraph 5: Anderson's aptitude for journalism appeared at the early age of 12 when he began writing the Boy Scouts Column for The Deseret News. He published his first articles in his local newspaper, The Murray Eagle. He edited his high school newspaper, The Granitian. He joined The Salt Lake Tribune in 1940, where his muckraking exploits included infiltrating polygamous Mormon fundamentalist sects. In 1944, he joined the United States Merchant Marine and served on cargo ships that went to New Guinea and India. In the spring of 1945, he resigned from the Merchant Marine, and became a war correspondent stationed in Chungking, China. Shortly after World War II ended, he was drafted into the United States Army, and served until the fall of 1946 as an armed forces newsman and radio broadcaster. While in the Army, Anderson worked on the Shanghai edition of Stars and Stripes, produced by troops and XMHA, the Armed Forces' radio station. After his stint in the Army, Anderson was hired by Drew Pearson for the staff of his column, the "Merry-Go-Round". When Pearson died in 1969, Anderson inherited responsibility for this column and gave his own name to it – Washington Merry-go-Round. In its heyday, Anderson's column was the most influential and widely read in the U.S.; published in nearly a thousand newspapers, he reached an audience of 40 million people. He co-founded Citizens Against Government Waste with J. Peter Grace in 1984.

Paragraph 6: East Bengal entered the 2012 Indian Federation Cup automatically as they were already in the I-League. They were placed in Group C along with Sporting Clube de Goa, ONGC, and Kalighat MS and their matches were played in Siliguri. East Bengal experienced mixed fortunes at the start of the tournament as they drew their opening match 1–1 against Sporting Goa with new Nigerian signing Chidi Edeh scoring his first goal for the club in the 10th minute from the penalty spot. The club then won their first game of the season in their second match of the tournament on 23 September 2012 against ONGC F.C. in which East Bengal came back from 0–1 down to 2–1 winners after Edeh and other new signing, India international, Manandeep Singh scored two goals to gift Bengal the victory. East Bengal then confirmed promotion out of the group stage of the Federation Cup to the Semi-Finals after a remarkable come from behind victory in their last game at the group stage to Kalighat MS in which East Bengal came back from 2–0 to tie the score up at 2–2 through two goals from Manandeep Singh in the 26th and 30th minute but then East Bengal had to come from behind again after Kalighat took the lead again to go up 3–2 with Edeh scoring two goals to win the game for East Bengal 4–3 and send them to the semi-finals. In the semi-finals East Bengal took on Churchill Brothers and after finishing regulation time tied at 0–0 the match went into 30-minute extra-time where East Bengal would eventually take the lead from former Churchill Brothers youngster Lalrindika Ralte in the 111th minute of play which then allowed East Bengal to win the match 1–0 and send them to the final. Then in the final East Bengal found themselves down 1–0 after 51 minutes after their opponents, Dempo, scored through former India captain Climax Lawrence but East Bengal managed to equalize through newly signed defender Arnab Mondal in the 60th minute which would then send both clubs to 30-minute extra-time at 1–1 and that is where East Bengal start to show good form by scoring twice through Manandeep Singh in the 100th minute and Chidi Edeh in the 109th minute to give East Bengal a 3–1 lead which would then be cut down to a 3–2 after another former India international, Mahesh Gawli scored in the 111th minute but that was still enough for East Bengal to win the Federation Cup for the 2nd time in 3 years and their eighth overall.

Paragraph 7: In the United States, Washington Irving's fanciful travel sketch, Tales of the Alhambra (1832), first brought Moorish Andalusia into readers' imaginations; one of the first neo-Moorish structures was Iranistan, a mansion of P. T. Barnum in Bridgeport, Connecticut. Constructed in 1848 and destroyed by fire ten years later, this architectural extravaganza "sprouted bulbous domes and horseshoe arches". In the 1860s, the style spread across America, with Olana, the painter Frederic Edwin Church's house overlooking the Hudson River, Castle Garden in Jacksonville and Longwood in Natchez, Mississippi usually cited among the more prominent examples. After the American Civil War, Moorish or Turkish smoking rooms achieved some popularity. There were Moorish details in the interiors created for the Henry Osborne Havemeyer residence on Fifth Avenue by Louis Comfort Tiffany. In 1893, The Great Saltair was built on the southern shores of The Great Salt Lake, adjacent to Salt Lake City. Under dozens of Moorish domes and lambrequin, polylobed, and keyhole arches, Saltair housed popular clubs, restaurants, bowling alleys, a hippodrome, rollercoaster, observation deck for the surrounding desert, and what was marketed as the largest dance hall in the world. Like Iranistan before it, Saltair was destroyed by fire in 1925 and again in 1970; the first of which, less than 30 years after opening. The 1914 Pittock Mansion in Portland, Oregon incorporates Turkish design features, as well as French, English, and Italian ones; the smoking room in particular has notable Moorish revival elements. In 1937, the Corn Palace in Mitchell, South Dakota added unusual minarets and Moorish domes, unusual because the polychrome decorations are made out of corn cobs of various colors assembled like mosaic tiles to create patterns. The 1891 Tampa Bay Hotel, whose minarets and Moorish domes are now the pride of the University of Tampa, was a particularly extravagant example of the style. Other schools with Moorish Revival buildings include David H. Zysman Hall at Yeshiva University in New York City. George Washington Smith used the style in his design for the 1920s Isham Beach Estate in Santa Barbara, California.

Paragraph 8: After its premiere in Berlinale, the Guardian's film critic Peter Bradshaw gave the film a 3/5 star review, calling it "A Lynchian psychodrama in the sun" and "a disquieting spectacle of strangeness". The Hollywood Reporter and Screen International praised the film for its direction, imagery and the committed performances of Angeliki Papoulia and Youla Boudali, while criticising elements of the script's narrative construction and pace. Guy Lodge in Variety wrote that "“A Blast director Syllas Tzoumerkas returns with an agitated, atmospheric and sometimes confounding exercise in modern Greek tragedy. Tzoumerkas’ latest invites comparisons to the loopier, trash-skirting genre outings of Herzog or Lynch, with the gradual unpeeling of layered madness and corruption in the sleepy working town of Missolonghi occasionally calling to mind an aggressively sunburned Twin Peaks". Savina Petkova of the Electric Ghost gave the film 5/5 stars, writing that "while the film is saturated with Biblical quotes, icons of saints, and church choir songs, its form attends equally to the lowly human, animal, and nature. Pacifying all forms of life under the flag of future deliverance, the promise that each being will attain their most perfect form and self, The Miracle of the Sargasso Sea provides a convergence between religious submission and humanistic agency.” Victoria Ferguson in the Upcoming gave the film a 3/5 review praising the cinematography by Petrus Sjövik and "its close shots that capture the inner angst of the characters" and calling The Miracle of the Sargasso Sea visually compelling, and 'a show of great creative ambition from Tzoumerkas.” Italian critic Massimo Lechi wrote in Il Ragazzo Selvaggio magazine that “The Miracle of the Sargasso Sea, set in the inhospitable surroundings of a sun-parched Missolonghi, is a metaphysical thriller loaded with biblical references, an unsettling and disturbing meditation on the concept of paradise featuring two women in profound existential crisis: Elisabeth, (a master Angeliki Papoulia) a disgraced policewoman confined in the province by her superiors following an unfortunate anti-terrorist operation; and Rita (the brave Youla Boudali, also co-screenwriter), a painful figure of a martyr besieged by visions of a mystical background. Tzoumerkas’ cinema is one that’s not afraid of risk or ridicule, one which in fact, has the clear intent of forcing the limits of both the police genre and the auteur film genre, seducing with the skill of its performers and its disquieting aesthetic choices that are never banal. After Homeland (2010) and A Blast (2014), The Miracle of the Sargasso is the third – and more complex – chapter of Tzoumerkas’ ideal trilogy on contemporary Greece.”

Paragraph 9:  Gabriel Basso as Adam Jamison, Cathy and Paul's son, who attends the same school where Cathy teaches. A typical teenager, he resists his mother's sudden increase in attention and affection. He strikes an unsteady friendship with schoolmate Andrea, but it falls apart after he balks when it is insinuated by others that they are sexually intimate. After getting in trouble, he is punished by being forced to do house chores for Marlene. He is the first to realize Marlene has Alzheimer's disease. In season one episode "Everything that Rises Must Converge", Marlene, not recognizing Adam, pulls a gun on him and chases him out of her home. Adam does not know about his mother's cancer until the season one finale. While his mother is in the hospital receiving treatment, he discovers a key to a storage locker that is filled with hundreds of gifts for his future birthdays, holidays and major life events. He realizes his mother is not going to live very long and finally reacts emotionally. At the beginning of season two, Adam feels frustrated with all the attention he's been getting at school due to Cathy's illness. He wants to pursue a sexual relationship with his girlfriend Mia, who he started dating at the end of season one, but she wants to take things slow. He then sleeps with classmate Emily, but refuses to take any responsibility for his actions. While his parents are away, Adam has sex with a hooker / dominatrix in their bedroom, and then has Uncle Sean help get rid of her. In the episode "The Little C", it is revealed that Adam contracted crabs from his encounter with the hooker, and accidentally exposed Cathy and Paul. He confesses this to them, and Cathy tells Mia thinking Adam got it from her. Mia promptly dumps him, and refuses to give him any sympathy due to his mother's illness. He then begins chatting with a girl named Poppy through an online cancer support group. When they finally meet, Adam discovers that Poppy is actually a thirty-something year old woman. Despite this, they bond over their immature sense of humor and their parents' diseases. Before the family is supposed to go to Italy for Christmas, Adam discovers that Poppy's father has actually been dead for several years. He confronts Poppy, but she explains that once he loses his mom, he will feel like a part of him is missing. In the third season, Adam has joined a prayer group at school, where he meets the extremely religious Jesse, who becomes his girlfriend. In season four, Adam is starting grade 11. One of Cathy's pipe dreams is to see him graduate from high school before she dies. He, however, is having troubles and is failing one of his classes, Chemistry. With the help of a tutor that Cathy hires, Adam is able to pass his Chemistry exam and class. As it become clear to Adam that Cathy will most likely die while he is in Grade 11, Adam, without telling anyone in his family, decides to accelerate the completion of his degree requirements online, his frequent absences from the house which he lies to his family that he is hanging out with friends while he is really going to school to write exams. In a small, informal and previously unannounced ceremony at the Jamison home, Adam's principal, Connie Schuler, is able to hand a cap and gowned Adam his high school diploma in front of Cathy and the rest of the family.

Paragraph 10: His close associate and student, who later rose to the rank of Marja, Muhammad Hussain Naini, wrote a book, “Tanbih al-Ummah wa Tanzih al-Milla”(), to counter the propaganda of Nuri group.   He devoted many pages to distinguish between tyrannical and democratic regimes. In democracies, power is distributed and limited through constitution. He maintained that in the absence of Imam Mahdi, all governments are doomed to be imperfect and unjust, and therefore people had to prefer the bad over the worse. Hence, the constitutional democracy was the best option to help improve the condition of the society as compared to absolutism, and run the worldly affairs with consultation and better planning. he saw the elected members of the parliament as representatives of the people, not deputies of the Imam, hence they didn't need a religious justification for their authority. He said that both the “tyrannical Ulema” and the radical societies who promoted majoritarianism were a threat to both Islam and democracy. The people should avoid the destructive, corrupt and divisive forces and maintain national unity. He devoted large section of his book to definition and condemnation of religious tyranny. He then went on to defend people's freedom of opinion and expression, equality of all citizens in eyes of the nation-state regardless of their religion, separation of the legislative, executive and judicial powers, accountability of the King, people's right to share power.  Another student of Akhund who too raised to the rank of Marja, Shaykh Isma'il Mahallati, wrote a treatise “al-Liali al-Marbuta fi Wajub al-Mashruta”(). In his view, during the occultation of the twelfth Imam, the governments can either be imperfectly just or oppressive. Since it was duty of a believer to actively fight injustice, it was necessary to strengthen democratic process. he insisted on the need for reforming the economic system, modernizing the military, installing a functional education system, and guaranteeing the rights of civilians. He said:

Paragraph 11: Vincenzo Fano provides an illustration of the point that holism of the mental generates anomalism. Fano asks us to first consider the attribution of length to a table. To do this, we must assume a set of laws concerning the interaction between the table and the measuring apparatus: the length of the table doesn't vary significantly during the measurement, length must be an additive quantity, "longer than" must be an asymmetric, transitive relation and so forth. By assuming these laws and carrying out a few operations, we reach the result of the measurement. There is a certain amount of holism in this process. For example, during the measurement process, we might discover that the table is much hotter than the measuring device, in which case the length of the latter will have been modified by the contact. Consequently, we need to modify the temperature of the measuring device. In some cases, we will even have to reconsider and revise some of our laws. This process can continue for some time until we are fairly confident of the results obtained. But it is not only necessary to have a theory of the interactions between the table and the measuring device, it is also necessary to attribute a set of predicates to the table: a certain temperature, rigidity, electric charge, etc... And the attribution of each of these predicates presupposes, in turn, another theory. So, the attribution of F to x presupposes Px and the theory , but Px, in turn, presupposes P'x and  and so on. As a result, we have a series of predicates F, P,  , ... and a series of theories , , .... As Fano states it, "this process would seem like a regressus ad infinitum, if it weren't that  converges toward a theory T which is nothing other than physics in its entirety."  The same is true of the predicates, which converge toward the set of all the possible physical quantities. Fano calls this 'convergent holism'.

Paragraph 12: In 2010, following Brendan Fevola's departure, Houlihan became Carlton's longest serving player. He had a series of excellent performances playing as a defensive forward in 2010, in which he was given the task of negating the influence of the opposition's key running defender, while using his skills to kick and set up goals. These included Simon Goodwin, who he kept to a season low 4 kicks and 16 possessions, while kicking 3 goals; Corey Enright, who he kept to 16 possessions, while kicking 2 goals and Sam Fisher, who he restricted to just 6 possessions- a season low. He kicked a career high 4 goals in the Round 11 victory over Melbourne. Unfortunately hamstring and knee injuries restricted him to just 13 games and he did not play any matches after Round 15, eventually requiring season ending surgery to his knee, after an unsuccessful attempt to come back. He kicked 15 goals and just 4 behinds for the year- a little over a goal per game and No. 1 at the club for accuracy (of those who had kicked 10 goals or more), an indication of his elite finishing skills in front of goal (as described by Champion Data). As well as kicking goals directly, he was also second at the club for goal assists per game. He finished a creditable 12th in the Best and Fairest, despite having missed 10 games. He would have made the top 10 on average votes per game. His excellent early season form prior to the first of his injuries had seen him in third place after seven rounds and in the top 10 when his season ended prematurely. Since finishing fourth in the 2007 Best and Fairest he had two seasons significantly affected by injury and missed the top 10 by one vote in the other.

Paragraph 13: P. epaea is distinguished by having the hindmarginal spot of the forewing narrow and of fairly uniform breadth, at the hindmargin not or scarcely broader than half the hindmargin and not filling up the base of cellule 2, while the black marginal band on the upperside of the hindwing is in the d suddenly much widened at the apex, but in the female often very broad. On the under surface of the hinclwing the basal area is  brighter red-yellow than the other parts of the wing. - epaea Cr. (58 a). male- Ground-colour of the hindwing above, hindmarginal spot and subapical band of the fore wing yellow-brown; hind wing beneath in the distal part more or less suffused with brown-grey and in the middle somewhat lighter. female Subapical band and hindmarginal spot of the forewing white and also a median band on the hindwing, 7 mm. in breadth, which forms a continuation of the hindmarginal spot of the forewing; the whole distal half of the hindwing, on the other hand, black-grey on both surfaces, with black veins and streaks. Senegambia to Angola and the upper Congo. -female -ab. lutosa Suff. is a female form which differs in having the white markings of the typical female light clay-yellow and the proximal part of the dark distal half of the hindwing above broadly light brown to dark  yellow-brown or olive-brown; the pure black outer part of the distal half consequently retains almost the same  shape as in the male. Cameroons to the Congo. - insularis Auriv. is a race in which the male only differs from  the type-form in having the subapical band of the forewing whitish yellow above and white beneath; in the female the subapical band of the forewing is pure white, but the hindmarginal spot of the forewing and the hindwing are coloured and marked quite as in the male ; the base of the hindwing beneath is light yellow instead of red- yellow. Island of Fernando Po. - melina Thur. is only known in the male; the light markings of the upper surface are dull ochre-yellow and the hindmarginal spot of the forewing is differently shaped, as its proximal side runs quite parallel with the costal margin and if produced would intersect the apex of the wing; in addition the distal side of the hindmarginal spot is bordered by two straight lines and forms a distinct angle. Nyassaland. - kivuana Jord. the markings of the forewing nearly as large as in the type-form, but the subapical band light cream-coloured and the hindmarginal spot light tan-yellow; the hindwing before the middle with a narrow yellowish white transverse band, not sharply defined distally; all the markings beneath yellowish white. -female : all the markings pure white; the subapical band of the fore wing narrower than in the type- form; the transverse band of the hindwing also narrower and more sharply defined. Island of Kwidgwi in Lake Kivu. - paragea Sm. (59c) is distinguished by having the markings very narrow and also in the male white; the subapical band of the forewing is only 1-2mm. in breadth and often almost broken up into spots; the hindmarginal spot is about 3 mm. in breadth and sometimes indistinct or obsolete at the hindmargin; the transverse band of the hindwing is 5mm. in breadth, sharply (or not sharply -- angustifasciata Grunb.) defined and not or scarcely extending beyond the apex of the cell. Uganda and Sesse Islands. - homochroa Jord. (59 e). Both sexes similarly coloured and marked and agreeing with the male of the type-form. The orange-yellow colour of the upper surface is somewhat lighter than in the type-form and the dark marginal band on the upperside of the hindwing is much narrower and terminates at the middle of the hindmargin. Abyssinia.

Paragraph 14: The principal buildings are the Lighthouse tower, Head Keeper's cottage, and Assistant Keepers' duplex with two semi-detached dwellings, associated outbuildings, boatshed and other site features. The three cottages are cut into the ridge behind the tower, giving protection against the prevailing north easterlies. This composition utilises a strong pattern of sandstone retaining walls to define the front yards of the cottages and to link the main house to the tower. Barrenjoey is the only face sandstone tower in the NPWS collection. The tower is  high and the focal plane of the light is  above high water. It has a range of . The tower base is octagonal in plan to a height of  and circular above. It is divided into three storeys with iron floors and staircases. The walls are  thick at the base tapering to  at the top. The gallery around the lantern is cantilevered on massive stone brackets capped with elegant gunmetal balustrade. A square oil room at the base of the tower is connected to the head keeper's cottage by a covered stair with a windbreak wall integral with both buildings. The Head Keeper's Quarters is constructed in sandstone, with timber floors and a pyramidal pitched roof of corrugated steel. The northwestern facade has a bay window flanked by verandahs which return along to the southern facade. The bay looks into a courtyard enclosed by sandstone walling. A covered way to the tower joins the verandah at the northeastern corner. The house is on two levels, with kitchen and service areas below and six rooms arranged around a central hallway above. The six rooms are currently set out as four bedrooms, storeroom and sitting room containing the north-facing bay window. Five fireplaces remain. A privy is also located at the southeastern corner of the lower level. The Assistant keepers' duplex is also of sandstone with timber floors. Each has four rooms about a hallway and the pair is symmetrical about a central party wall. Each cottage has a verandah, reached by stair on the north and connected by another stair to a service building at its rear. The main section features four rooms about a central hallway of sandstone, with timber floors. A single hipped roof clad in corrugated steel spans both dwellings. This building has been substantially rebuilt after being burnt. The internal walls have been completely stripped of their internal finishes. Joinery has been reconstructed and the rooms adapted to suit the occupants' lifestyle. A sandstone kitchen, store room and separate privy occupy the rear yard enclosed by a sandstone wall. Two underground water tanks are located in the space between the main building and the service structure. The timber-framed and weatherboard clad Customs Station cottage has four main rooms about an open, west-facing verandah with several other rooms to their rear. It is built with a timber floor and colorbond corrugated roof.

Paragraph 15: On stage 11, the course ended with the final ascent to Alpe d'Huez, considered one of the most iconic climbs in cycling. Two mountains had to be crossed beforehand: the Col de la Madeleine and the Col du Glandon. Claveyrolat attacked again, early on during the ascent of the Madeleine, and gathered the mountain points at the summit. Mottet started to drop behind the group of favourites on the Madeleine, while Bernard retired. On the descent, Induráin got away but was overtaken by Claveyrolat on the climb of the Glandon. In between the climbs, at the feed zone, LeMond was involved in a crash, but able to carry on. On the Glandon, Delgado accelerated and only LeMond and Bugno were able to follow. Together they caught Induráin, who set the pace in the group through the ensuing valley and ensured that they reached Claveyrolat by the foot of the final climb. Shortly after the group began the ascent, Delgado attacked, with LeMond and Bugno following. As the pace slowed, Claveyrolat, Parra, and Breukink managed to catch back up.  from the finish, Delgado lost contact with Bugno, who accelerated and took LeMond, Breukink, Claveyrolat, and Parra with him. It were Bugno and LeMond who were fastest along the finishing straight, with Bugno coming out on top to win the stage. Breukink finished third, one second behind LeMond in second place. Meanwhile, Millar paced Pensec up the climb, who finished 48 seconds behind Bugno and retained the race lead. Delgado lost forty seconds, while Induráin, exhausted by his work on the flat, lost 12 minutes on Alpe d'Huez, falling from contention. Chiappucci finished 1:48 minutes behind Bugno. This left Pensec first overall, 1:28 minutes ahead of Chiappucci, with LeMond up to third, but still 9:04 minutes behind his teammate. Alcalá had lost 5:41 minutes on Bugno, and therefore dropped to eighth place overall.

Paragraph 16: Liquor ( ) is an alcoholic drink produced by distillation of grains, fruits, vegetables, or sugar, that have already gone through alcoholic fermentation. Other terms for liquor include: spirit, distilled beverage, spirituous liquor or hard liquor. The distillation process concentrates the liquid to increase its alcohol by volume. As liquors contain significantly more alcohol (ethanol) than other alcoholic drinks, they are considered 'harder'; in North America, the term hard liquor is sometimes used to distinguish distilled alcoholic drinks from non-distilled ones, whereas the term spirits is more common in the UK. Some examples of liquors include vodka, rum, gin, and tequila. Liquors are often aged in barrels, such as for the production of brandy and whiskey, or are infused with flavorings to form a flavored liquor such as absinthe.

Paragraph 17: Oakland stormed back with 21 unanswered points. First, Plunkett's 48-yard completion to receiver Cliff Branch on third down and 20 set off a 7-play, 76-yard drive that ended with his 5-yard touchdown run. Then the Raiders defense forced a punt, and Ira Matthews returned Rick Partridge's 41-yard kick 14 yards to the Chargers 49-yard line. Four plays later, Plunkett's 21-yard touchdown pass to King made the score 21–7 with 1:35 left in the first quarter. San Diego took the ball back and drove to the Raiders 21-yard line, featuring a 28-yard completion from tight end Kellen Winslow to John Jefferson on a trick play, but safety Burgess Owens ended the drive with an interception. Following a punt, San Diego running back Mike Thomas lost a fumble that was recovered by linebacker Ted Hendricks on the Chargers 29-yard line, and the Raiders capitalized with Plunkett's 23-yard completion to Branch leading to another touchdown, this one on a 3-yard run by Mark van Eeghen, to build a 28–7 lead. Following Hank Bauer's 27-yard kickoff return to the 36-yard line, San Diego drove 64 yards in 13 plays, including a 24-yard reception by Thomas, to score on Fouts' 8-yard touchdown completion to Joiner, cutting their deficit to 28–14 with 1:05 left in the half.

Paragraph 18: Nearly every governorate saw its own demonstrations with big ones taking place in several cities all over Egypt, including Mansoura, Damanhour, Mahalla, Suez, Port Said and Minya. In the Nile Delta's Menoufia, hundreds staged anti-Morsi protests in the city of Ashmoun. Some in other parts of the governorate have cut off the Cairo-Alexandria agricultural road while others have closed off seven city council buildings, among them Menouf's, with chains and signs reading "Closed by order of the people". Sharqia, where Morsi had lost before to his rival candidate Ahmed Shafik by about 160,000 votes in the 2012 election, had thousands demonstrating across the province with the capital Zagazig hosting several protests concentrated around the governorate building and in Orabi Square. The FJP office was attacked by armed assailants just hours after an Al-Ahram interview with the local party leader Ahmed Shehata when he presented his own version of Sunday's protests claiming that the number of "real revolutionaries" protesting peacefully that day would not exceed 20,000 across Egypt. The attack claimed the life of 21-year-old student Hossam Shoqqi, who had previously served tea for the reporters. Zagazig overall had a strong anti-Morsi sentiment already and was prominent with graffiti and posters slamming the Muslim Brotherhood. Gharbia saw tens of thousands of demonstrators in the capital Tanta. Several marches were delayed till afternoon prayers in Mahalla, known for its strong revolutionary spirit. But the city witnessed major protests and the numbers dramatically increased afterwards, with workers forming the majority of the protesters. Textile workers went on strike across the city, have previously warned several times that under Morsi their factories are threatened with closure altogether. The protesters chanted slogans like "Abdel Nasser said it before, the Muslim Brotherhood are not to be trusted". Prominent labour activist Kamal el-Fayoumi told Al-Ahram that "Mahalla contributed heavily to the removal of Mubarak from power, and we will do the same thing with Morsi". Hundreds participated in demonstrations in Kafr El Zayat against Morsi with anti-Muslim Brotherhood chants such as "National unity against the Brotherhood" and "You who rule in the name of religion, where is justice and where is religion?" The Dakahlia Governorate city of Mansoura saw hundreds of thousands continuously flocking in the city's main Al-Shaheed Square from several rally points. Chants included "Go, you're two-faced, you've divided the people in two" and the protests had notable persons participating such as Mohamed Ghonim, a leading Middle East urologist, in a different mass march in the city. Similarly to the events in Sharqia and Gharbia, the city of Desouk in Kafr el-Sheikh had demonstrators closing the city council building and the governorate complex. The protesters said the buildings would be locked down until the regime was ousted. This kind of action also took place in Beheira. Thousands demonstrated in Damanhour's main square, where some carried police officers on their shoulders chanting against the government, and marches in the city attracted around 30,000 protesters, along with 10,000 in Kafr el-Dawwar and 5,000 in Kom Hamada. The port city of Damietta in the north was estimated to have several thousand demonstrators in the streets, according to a member of the Socialist Popular Alliance, with some in Al-Saa'a Square demanding early presidential elections. Around 250 fishing boats sailed in the Nile heading to the square using megaphones to chant anti-Mori slogans. They have taken over the governorate headquarters and the offices of the local educational authority and also planned to occupy other government buildings to prevent governor Tarek Khedr from entering his office.

Paragraph 19: In his late teens, Tinkler became involved in community theatre, performing in plays and musicals, and was subsequently accepted into the Theatre program at Ryerson University (later acquiring his BFA hons). At Ryerson, he met future sketch comedy collaborators Mike Beaver, Jason Jones, and Stacey DePass. His first gig out of school was a series on YTV called "It's Alive". The show was of the sketch comedy variety, and while acting on the series Rob was introduced to and became interested in writing. After the show's cancellation, and growing frustrated with a dwindling influx of acting work at that time, Rob and his then roommates Mike Beaver and Shaun Majumder decided to form the comedy troupe "Beaver, Tinkler, Majumder". This triumvirate soon welcomed Jason Jones, and then Stacey Depass and Jennifer Baxter (who were also on "It's Alive") and the troupe was renamed "The Bobroom". Also during this period, Rob realized an affinity for voice-overs and he booked several animated series including The Adventures of Sam & Max Freelance Police, X-Men and Sailor Moon. After writing, mounting and performing in many live sketch shows with The Bobroom at clubs across Toronto and excursions into Chicago and New York City, the troupe was soon approached by Milan Curry-Sharples about doing the comedy showcase series Comedy Now. Although this show was more of a vehicle for stand-up comedians, this endeavor ultimately led to the development and creation of the sketch comedy series "The Bobroom" for the Comedy Network. Although the series ran only for a limited time, it was a learning ground for Rob as he not only amassed characters but honed skills in writing for the screen. Also around this time, Rob landed several roles on feature film productions, including The Tuxedo and the cult classic Harold And Kumar Go To White Castle. After embarking on a couple of pilot seasons in Los Angeles, Rob received the accreditation to relocate to the US on a full-time basis. There, he has written for several animated series ("Wayside, Pandalian Almost Naked Animals) and did voices on video games (Superman Returns, Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 2), and several pilots and series (Celebrity Deathmatch), including the Fox prime time animated series "American Dad!". He's also performed in countless commercials and had a recurring role as Rachael Harris' whipping boy in ABC's Notes From The Underbelly. Rob plays too many characters to name on PBS's The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That!, as well as voices leading danger dog Howie in Cartoon Network's Almost Naked Animals and Gingka in Beyblade: Metal Fusion. Rob divides his time between LA and Toronto as he continues to develop series and films. In addition to acting, writing, and directing, he is also a Creative Consultant on Almost Naked Animals.

Paragraph 20: Rossini and Bellini both took an interest in her, she was the first to play the part of Adalgisa in Bellini's Norma in Milan, in which the dramatic soprano Giuditta Pasta took the title role. Grisi appeared in Paris in 1832 in the title role of Semiramide in Rossini's opera and was a great success; in 1834 she made her debut in London as Ninetta in La gazza ladra; and, again in Paris, in 1835 she created the role of Elvira in the premiere of Bellini's final opera, I puritani at the Théâtre-Italien. In 1842, Donizetti wrote the parts of Norina and Ernesto in Don Pasquale for Grisi and Giovanni Matteo de Candia, usually known by his stage-name of Mario, who was to become the love of her life.

Paragraph 21: MacOS Rumors was founded by Ethan C. Allen in 1995 as the first known "Apple rumors" website on the early web. His early work was noticed and referenced by other print media including CNET, Forbes, and Mac the Knife in MacWEEK. Allen was only 16 at the time but had developed extensive source contacts. Apple, at the time, was unhappy with some of the releases on the site which proved to be early and accurate. Apple contacted Allen a number of times requesting he stop releasing data from his sources. After a brief shutdown of the site at the request of Apple, the MacOS Rumors site was obtained by Ryan Meader after a domain expiration within two years of its creation. Originally with Ethan, the site posted most of its rumors based on screenshots and info sent via email from followers. With Ryan at the helm, MacOS Rumors collected content from message boards and usenet posts but later claimed (unsubstantiated) to have developed contacts inside Apple. After a number of successful years, MacOS Rumors gained a reputation for being inaccurate. Meader had allowed the MacOS Rumors domain name to expire around July 16, 2007, but then renewed the domain for another nine years. In the past half-decade, the site hasn't been updated at all and has no current staff.

Paragraph 22: The fourth series, which is aimed at five- to six-year-olds, comprised eight episodes focusing on the concepts of "more than" (addition) and "less than" (subtraction); each episode would open with Lolita singing the series' main theme, More or Less, in a studio filled with pillars. This series introduced the character of Bill (voiced by Paul Cawley), a green bird who could swallow and regurgitate almost any object whole - and from the fifth series onwards, he was joined by a purple cat named Bernie (voiced by Laura Brattan), later going on to appear at the beginning of each "revised" first-, sixth- and seventh-series episode. This series also featured a toad named Test, who would hop along the heads of fifteen multicoloured people lined up to form a numberline by the amounts its episodes were focusing on (they all wore red jumpers with the numbers 1–15 on them, but when Test was on their heads, the colour of their jumpers would change to green); each episode would end with Lolita singing a song (for the last one, she again continued over the credits, and it was also her final appearance, but because she did not know that she would be relieved of her presenting duties back then, she still told the viewers that she would "see them next Numbertime"). Two sketches in the first and seventh episodes of this series also parodied Percy Thrower and Sir David Attenborough as "Percy Grower" and "David Attencoat", while a third one in the third episode parodied Surprise, Surprise as "What a Surprise" (with Cinderella receiving a surprise visit from her Fairy Godmother) - and the Bill sketches of the second and sixth episodes also featured an enormous (but unnamed) beetle who chased after Bill after putting his feet into the eight wellingtons he regurgitated (in the second episode) and fell on top of him after pulling his last two wellingtoned legs up off a wall he was standing in front of (in the sixth episode), while the one of the fourth episode featured a "female" version of Bill who fell on top of him after he shook twenty mangoes off a tree. In the El Nombre sketches of the seventh and last episodes, Juan had his fifth birthday for the second time (only this time, Pedro, Juanita and Maria all brought him an extra candle for his cake because he was one year older, so he ended up with eight), and El Nombre's town gained a female mayor who also happened to be a balloon seller named Señora Fedora.

Paragraph 23: A call to a professorship of history in the newly reorganized University of Strasbourg brought him back to Germany in 1872. In 1874, he was given the chair of modern history at University of Freiburg in the Grand Duchy of Baden where he stayed until 1892. For ten years, he was a member of the Baden Herrenhaus, and he was vice president for four years. He revisited the United States in 1878 and 1879 and in 1884.  In 1882 he was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society In 1892, he became head of the department of history at the University of Chicago. Retiring on account of ill-health in 1900, he returned to Germany and died at Freiburg in January 1904.

Paragraph 24: Iterative FFT algorithms such as the Cooley–Tukey FFT algorithm, although frequently used for FFTs on vectors of complex numbers, tend to exhibit very poor cache locality with the large vector entries used in Schönhage–Strassen. The straightforward recursive, not in-place implementation of FFT is more successful, with all operations fitting in the cache beyond a certain point in the call depth, but still makes suboptimal use of the cache in higher call depths. Gaudry, Kruppa, and Zimmerman used a technique combining Bailey's 4-step algorithm with higher radix transforms that combine multiple recursive steps. They also mix phases, going as far into the algorithm as possible on each element of the vector before moving on to the next one.

Paragraph 25: He began studying music at a very young age playing transverse flute, viola and violin and cello. He was part of the Magnetic Loom in 1975, an experimental group led by Franco Battiato with Yuri Camisasca, Roberto Mazza, lino Capra, Terra di Benedetto, and Mino De Martino. In 1977 he dedicated himself to studying and attending workshops in Breton culture and music held at the "Ti Kendalc'h" with the Breton harpists, Dominig Bouchaud and Mariannig Larc'hantec and at the same time studying classical harp with the classical artist Lisetta Paleari is also the first player and popularizer of the Celtic Cláirseach harp (metal strings) in Italy. In 1980 he studied with Alan Stivell bardic harp (Clasach) and British and Gaelic chant. In 1985 he was part of Franco Battiato's tour with Saro Cosentino, who subsequently produced, under the pseudonym of Kilim, a single by the duo published by EMI under the name 'A Sciara, with a reworking of a traditional Irish piece sung in Gaelic led to winning in 1985 the "Gondola D'Argento" International Exhibition of Light Music 1986, From a self-production, in public audio cassette "Fragments of aura amorosa", later in 1987 it will become his first solo album re-titled Et vice versa becoming the first CD and Vinyl of Celtic harp recorded and published in Italy (published by Stile Libero / Virgin) entirely composed of original pieces by Vincenzo Zitello for Cláirseach harp. In 1988 he released his second album Kerygma (Epic CBS Sony Music), presented at the Tenco Award. The album was also released in the US by the Narada (Sona Gaia) label with the title Euphonia. In 1994 he released his third album La Via published by D.D.D./BMG Ariola, then released in Europe in 1996 with the title Serenade. In 1995 wrote the music for the show The Beat Generation readings and literary reworkings by Massimo Arrigoni on the Beat Generation, with the musicians Daniele Caldarini, Federico Sanesi, Tobia Winter, Stephen James and Amelia Cuni. making a CD, presented on the occasion of the tribute to Fernanda Pivano in Conegliano Veneto where he also accompanied Allen Ginsberg in a reading and re-proposed in 2007 on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the poet's death. 1995 he composes an Ave Maria in Latin for the Pauline Editions, which he presents live, together with the singer Rossana Casale Franco Parravicini and Federico Sanesi, in Loreto, in the presence of the Pope and 400,000 young people from all over Europe, the Ave Maria is published in a compilation of sacred music Laudate Domini published by CGD. 1997 to 2015 and artistic director from 1996 Isolabona HARPAE Festival in alternating phases until 2014, 1998 publishes his fourth album entitled Aforismi dell'Arpa, published by RTIMUSIC , Sony S4. 2000 Famiglia Cristiana publishes Easter 2000 CD Musica Caeli concert for the Jubilee, whose pieces were performed in St. Peter's Square in Rome in the presence of the Pope. 2001 publishes the CD Vincenzo Zitello Trio composed by Franco Parravicini and Federico Sanesi for the Felmay label the album Concerto recorded live at Bloom di Mezzago. 2004 the Fairyland label releases his sixth album Solo entirely played on Celtic and Baric harps (Clasach). 2006 founder of the school and of the rebirth of the Viggianese harp and director of the Viggiano harp festival, 2007 he publishes his seventh album Atlas, where he plays not only Celtic harps but also wind and string instruments. 2011 publishes his eighth album Talismano entirely dedicated to the Bardic harp (Clasach) with 12 original compositions. 2012 collaborates with Emanuela Maccarani's National Rhythmic Gymnastics. 2014 publishes his ninth album Infinito on the four seasons and elements, original pieces for strings oboe flutes Celtic harp. 2017 releases his tenth album Metamorphose XII, a double disc with 12 original songs played both with harp alone and with a twenty-one-piece orchestra. 2019 releases the eleventh album Anima Mundi, 22 songs that interpret the Major Arcana of the tarot. 2021 publishes his twelfth album Mostri e Prodigi, 8 songs inspired by the medieval bestiary.2022 releases her thirteenth album "Le voci della rosa", 10 songs inspired by Elisabetta Motta's critical contribution on nine contemporary poets. He held Master Class, at the Conservatory of Parma and Pesaro, was part of the jury of the Prix du Trophée de Harpes Camac at the Interceltique de Lorient 2010 festival and of the International Harp Sound Festival in Salsomaggiore from 2010 to 2014 and at the high school Saluzzo (Cn) in 2015 and 2016.

Paragraph 26: CBS, NBC, Cartoon Network, and Disney Channel had a number of shows which depicted librarians. For instance, in season 2 episode 6 ("Caged") of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, a CBS show, actor Michael A. Goorjian plays Aaron Pratt, an autistic librarian who witnesses the death of a colleague. Pratt states that he has "a master's in library science and an English degree from UNLV." Additionally, in an episode of another CBS show, The Crazy Ones, "The Monster", actress Melody Thomas Scott plays Flora, a drunk librarian who uses a lot of big and complex words, whose library is on a verge of shutting down but with the help of Simon and the group, her library was saved. NBC also featured librarians in one of its most popular shows. In the 2009 Parks and Recreation episode "Ron and Tammy", Leslie Knope's dreams of a local park are almost squashed by Tammy, the new library director at the Pawnee Public Library and Ron Swanson's ex-wife. Tammy places a claim for the lot that Leslie intended to use for her park. Tammy then tries to sexually manipulate Ron into giving her the lot for the library. Leslie calls librarians "diabolical, ruthless bunch of bureaucrats" as well as "punk-ass book jockeys." In "Ron and Tammy: II", Leslie says Tammy is "just a manipulative, psychotic, library book-peddling, sex-crazed, she-demon." Tammy also has books on "Approved" and "Rejected" shelves, which insinuates that the library operates in a biased manner. The depictions of the library on Parks and Recreation "illuminate the nature of library anxiety." A more positive depiction appears in an episode of Cartoon Network's We Bare Bears, titled "The Library". In the episode, the old librarian lady helps Panda print Chloe's practice test, with the help of outdated technology in one scene. Finally, the Disney Channel featured librarians in the show Big City Greens. In the episode titled "Quiet Please," a librarian at a city library shushes the protagonists and threatens to push them out if they make a sound. As a result, the protagonists communicate with each other using ASL after seeing two deaf library patrons communicating the same way.

Paragraph 27: Mason started his career with the Oilers/Titans after being drafted in the fourth round (98th overall) in the 1997 NFL Draft. In his rookie season, he played in 16 games recording 14 catches for 186 yards. He made his NFL debut versus the Oakland Raiders on August 31. The following season, he again played in all 16 games and this time recording 25 catches for 333 yards and three touchdowns, the first of his career came versus the Chicago Bears on October 25. He also returned 31 punts for 228 yards. In the 1999 season, Mason gained 1,030 yards returning punts and kickoffs, and added 8 kickoff returns for 322 yards and a touchdown in the team's three playoff games,  assisting the Titans to Super Bowl XXXIV where he returned 5 kickoffs for 122 yards and caught 2 passes for 18 yards in Tennessee's 23–16 loss. He also returned a kickoff 80 yards for a touchdown in the Titans 33-14 win over the Jacksonville Jaguars in the AFC title game. In the 2000 season, he led the NFL in punt return yards (662) while also catching 63 passes for 895 yards and returning 41 kickoffs for 1,132 yards (an NFL leading 27 yards per return average), giving him 2,690 combined receiving and special teams yards, breaking the NFL record for all-purpose yards in a single season previously held by Lionel James (2,535). Darren Sproles broke Mason's record in 2011 with 2,696 yards. He is only the second player in Titans history to pass the 2,000 yard mark. He earned his first trip to the Pro Bowl. In 2001, he started 15 games and scored 9 touchdowns, a career-high. Just as he had done the previous season, he went past the 2,000 all purpose yards mark, the first Titan to do this in consecutive seasons. The following season, he started in 14 games and led the team in a number of categories including receptions, reception yards and touchdowns. In 2003, he started all 16 games and finished the season with 1,303 receiving yards and 95 receptions which was the 5th highest in the NFL. The following season, in 2004, he again started all 16 games and was ranked 2nd in the NFL with 96 receptions for 1,168 yards and seven touchdowns.

Paragraph 28: His cantata, The Rose Maiden, was given at London in 1870, his Second Symphony in F major by the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Society in 1872, and his first festival work, The Corsair, in 1876 at Birmingham. In that year his opera, Pauline, was given by the Carl Rosa Opera Company with moderate success. His most important work, his Symphony No. 3 in C minor, Scandinavian, which was first performed at St. James's Hall in 1880 and went on to establish itself for a decade as one of the most popular symphonic works in the repertoire, brought him some international recognition. Appearing in 1880, it proved to be the most regularly and widely performed British symphony until the arrival of Elgar's First. In 1884 he conducted five concerts of the Philharmonic Society of London, and in 1888, on the resignation of Arthur Sullivan, became the regular conductor of that society. His employment there came to an abrupt termination in 1892 when he apologised for any shortcomings in the orchestra's performance of Beethoven's Pastoral Symphony before they had rendered it, due to the lack of rehearsal time that he felt he had been given. The directors took umbrage at his remarks and did not renew his contract. In the year of his appointment to the Philharmonic Society, 1888, he went to Melbourne as the conductor of the daily concerts given in connection with the Exhibition there for the unprecedented sum of £5,000. In 1896, Cowen was appointed conductor of the Liverpool Philharmonic Society and of the Hallé Orchestra, succeeding Sir Charles Hallé. He was ousted from the Hallé after three years in favour of Hans Richter. In 1899, he was reappointed conductor of the Philharmonic Society of London. He also conducted the Bradford Festival Choral Society, the Bradford Permanent Orchestra, the Scottish Orchestra (now known as the Royal Scottish National Orchestra) and the Handel Festivals at The Crystal Palace for some years, as well as being a regular attendee at many British music festivals, both as conductor and composer.

Paragraph 29: The Raiders returned home to face the San Diego Chargers in their first division game of the season. However, the Raiders offense struggled to score early, unable to score a touchdown on three offensive possessions in Charger territory in the first half and turning the ball over early. Derek Carr was picked on the fourth play from scrimmage, setting up the Chargers for a chance to take an early lead. However, the Raiders defense forced a fumble and prevented the Chargers from scoring. The Raiders offense could not take advantage, only managing three field goals in the first half by Sebastian Janikowski, however he missed a fourth attempt. Tyrell Williams scored for the Chargers on a 29-yard pass from Philip Rivers and the Chargers took a 10–9 lead into the half. In the second half, the Chargers took a 17–9 lead on Melvin Gordon reception from Rivers. The Raiders answered on a 64-yard pitch and catch from Carr to Amari Cooper, his first touchdown catch of the year. However, the Raiders defense continued its struggles, giving up another touchdown pass from Rivers to Hunter Henry as the Raiders fell behind 24–16. A 48-yard field goal by Janikowski brought the Raiders within five before the Raider defense garnered its third turnover of the game, forcing a Gordon fumble. The Raider offense struggled in response and were left with a fourth and two from the Charger 21-yard line. Continuing with the season's gutsy calls, head coach Jack Del Rio went for it and Carr found Michael Crabtree for a diving catch in the corner of the endzone to give the Raiders their first lead of the game. The Raiders added on from there, scoring a touchdown on a Jamize Olawale one-yard run seemingly salting the game away, 34–24. However, the Raider defense allowed the Chargers to move within three on a 76-yard drive capped by an Antonio Gates touchdown catch. Trailing 34–31, the Chargers again moved into Raider territory in the waning seconds of the fourth quarter. Forced to attempt a game-tying field goal, the Chargers fumbled the snap and the Raiders were able to run out the clock. Moving to 4–1 on the season, the first time since 2002, the Raider defense still surrendered over 400 yards for the fourth time in five games this season. Del Rio was angered by the continued poor defensive showing. Despite this and combined with a loss by the Denver Broncos, the Raiders moved into a tie for first place in the AFC West.

Paragraph 30: Over time, Taggart becomes more obsessed with gambling in Las Vegas, which lands him even more deeply in debt. He compounds his money and gambling problems by dealing with associated loan sharks, including the mean and dangerous L.A. bookmaker known as "The Dutchman" (Chad Everett). Taggart soon learns that even a L.A. pro football quarterback, whose football team he covers, is also on the Dutchman's payroll - as a means of cutting his own sports gambling debts. After clearing the story further with his sports editor (John Saxon), Taggart journeys to Las Vegas for a field report on his gambling series; he meets a newspaper publisher, who helps him make more gambling industry contacts. Through the MGM casino executive, Mr. Sweeney Keith Hefner, Taggart meets a sexy casino cocktail hostess named Flo (Catherine Hicks). Flo is sent to Taggart's hotel room for a night, but Taggart, loving the gaming tables, with Flo as his 'lucky charm', goes gambling at the Dunes Hotel casino. Taggart gambles with Flo at roulette, and wins. Taggart, as part of his on going news story, also checks out assorted Las Vegas bookmakers, including Leroy's. Taggart meets various Vegas gambling and business figures, including famed Las Vegas Sun publisher Hank Greenspun, for more insights into the Las Vegas gambling world. He is unaware that the Dutchman's tough guy enforcer, "Panama Hat" (William Smith), is following him, until "The Hat" confronts him at the hotel pool, as Taggart attempts to relax on a chaise longue. Panama Hat forcefully orders Taggart to return to Los Angeles immediately, and settle up with the Dutchman, or there will be dire consequences.