Paragraph 1: Whitbarrow, like most of the Lake District, shows many signs of the last ice age, including glacial erratics (boulders left behind when the ice retreated), and the limestone pavement itself, formed when ice left bare limestone exposed to the elements which eroded it and left us with the grikes and clints we see today. The limestone has been used for many purposes including building, agricultural fertiliser, and production of millstones, but is now protected by law and it is an offence to remove any. Whitbarrow NNR is owned and managed by the Forestry Commission, Lake District National Park Authority and the Cumbria Wildlife Trust.

Paragraph 2: WWYC signed on in 1946 as WTOD under the ownership of local labor rights attorney Edward Lamb.  The station was notable at its launch for having been among the fastest radio stations to sign-on after being awarded a construction permit.  WTOD's initial staff was composed largely of veterans returning from World War II. Lamb sold WTOD in 1957 to Detroit-based Booth Broadcasting.  Originally a station typical of the golden age of radio, it changed formats to Top 40 in 1959. The station was popular and competed with WOHO (1470 AM). The call-letters "TOD" stood for Top Of Dial, but the humorous meaning was "We're Toledo's Only Daytimer" as the station signed off at sundown in order to protect WQXR-AM, a 50,000 watt station (now WFME) in New York City.  In the top 40 era, WTOD was simulcast full-time on their FM signal at 99.9 with 9,500 watts and used the FM to continue at night.  Competitor WOHO was full-time with 1,000 watts day and night.  WTOD-AM operated with two towers and 5,000 watts daytime only.  In the early 1960's it was home to marquee personalities like: Bob Martz, John Garry, Larry Obrien, Tommy Dean,Mike Shaw, Fat Dean Clark, Lee Fowler, Bill Webb, Bob Brossia, Bob Kelly, Bob Parkinson who married Connie Francis and Diane Parkinson of Price Is Right fame, Bill Hughes, Bill Manders, Bob Zrake, Don Patrick, Don Williams, Mike Phillips, Dave Obrien aka Les Bortel, Rick Allen aka Earl Sharninghouse, Gary Shores aka Gary Hoffar, Mark Adams aka Mike Stutzman, Tom Rice aka Bob Pepas, Ed Hunter, Denny Williams, Mick Hodges, Buddy Carr, Norm Davis and others.  The FM split programming in 1966 becoming a black-oriented format as WKLR known as Kooler Radio sporting Djs like Calvin Baby Richards who then went to WOWO in Ft Wayne, et al, Toledos' first urban contemporary station.  Sadly, shortly after the flip, the station was destroyed in a devastating fire which some speculation was that it was arson.

Paragraph 3: A few French politicians and communities have more recently questioned the law, arguing that, despite its explicit stance for state secularism, it de facto favors traditional French religions, in particular the Catholic Church, at the expense of more recently established religions, such as Islam. Indeed, most Roman Catholic churches in the country were built well before the enactment of the 1905 French law on the Separation of the Churches and the State, and thus are maintained at full public expense, although not always on time and to the extent that the church would like. With the exception of the historically anomalous Alsace-Lorraine, followers of Islam and other religions more recently implanted in France instead have to build and maintain religious facilities at their own expense. This was one of the arguments used by Nicolas Sarkozy, when he was Minister of Interior, to controversially argue in favour of funding other cultural centers than those of Catholicism, Protestantism and Judaism. In 2016, President Hollande proposed a temporary ban on foreign funding for mosques and shut down at least 20 mosques found to be "preaching radical Islamic ideology". These actions are consistent with Title V, Articles 26, 29, and 35 of the law.

Paragraph 4: Henry Petroski (February 6, 1942) is an American engineer specializing in failure analysis. A professor both of civil engineering and history at Duke University, he is also a prolific author. Petroski has written over a dozen books – beginning with To Engineer is Human: The Role of Failure in Successful Design (1985) and including a number of titles detailing the industrial design history of common, everyday objects, such as pencils, paper clips, toothpicks, and silverware. His first book was made into the film When Engineering Fails. He is a frequent lecturer and a columnist for the magazines American Scientist and Prism.

Paragraph 5: DIANCA was established by Presidential Decree as a subsidiary of the Venezuelan Ministry of Defense, then called the Ministry of War and Navy. It provides important maintenance to most of the Bolivarian Navy of Venezuela, but also to private companies and other state-owned companies such as Petroleum of Venezuela. Its current president is Rear Admiral Luis Enrique Castillo. It has also built boats mostly in kit form from the Damen Group shipyards and is currently working with Navantia to build some of the new 2000 tonne patrol boats. DIANCA is being a paradigm in the development of the Venezuelan shipbuilding industry. The establishment of an agreement with Argentina, Brazil and Spain, among other countries, resulted in the exchange of trained and specialized labor and the transfer of German technology, as in the case of Major Maintenance of the Sábalo-class submarines. Regarding Venezuela, the participants of the aforementioned exchange will be selected according to a matrix approved by the Board of Directors and for a few months Venezuelan personnel have been training in the repowering of submarines. DIANCA, in the agreements it carries out, requires that all those supplies (plates, pipes, cables, etc.) that are produced in Venezuela and be acquired in the country in order to strengthen the national industry. In addition to this, the possibility of carrying out projects for the construction of asphalt ships, coast guard patrol boats and expansion of the PDV fleet will promote the consolidation of others and therefore, will generate sources of work for the Venezuelan people. Although it is true that a year after its inauguration, National Docks and Shipyards caused a great impact in the Caribbean area, as time passed, this effect diminished until the beginning of the year 2000, which headed towards the third millennium and headed towards the century of its creation, a process of creating a holding company with other large shipyards to obtain a real transfer of technology, knowledge and external training and at an internal level to optimize the availability of machinery and equipment in order to maximize the company's production system. In the war memory y Marine Corresponding to the year 1913, the evaluation made by the government was expressed as follows: "...with all the personal and material elements to carry out works of the first magnitude, the ships of the Navy can be repaired quickly and with considerable economy in expenses, leaving beyond any doubt the advantages that the nation reports by having the means to repair its Navy always in its waters without the delays, excess expenses and other inconveniences that resulted when there was a need. "... to send their ships to foreign shipyards"... Today, when major maintenance is carried out in the country on two Mariscal Sucre-class missile frigates with the participation of national labor and strategic alliances with private companies, opening jobs for the community of Puerto Cabello, Borburata, San Esteban and other surrounding towns and the other projects already underway, agree or to the Bolivarian ideal of endogenous development, its maximum example being the Project for the Major Repowering of the Sábalo-class submarines, which, for the first time in Venezuela, is carrying out a technological transfer to higher levels of technology as developed as the German one that is being transferred to the workers and professionals of DIANCA, becoming the solid base for the consolidation of the Venezuelan naval industry together with indigenous initiatives such as the first time in Venezuela the wheels used in the Syncrolift (syncroelevator) were built, which is one of the stranding facilities owned by the shipyard for the repair, construction, reporting and maintenance processes of vessels of up to 5,000 tons. the wheels were built in the company FUNDICIÓN METALÚRGICA LEMOS, located in Barquisimeto, Lara State, under strict quality standards and the construction of 915 docking cars, 1080 connectors of different lengths and which were built in the company Fabricaciones Industriales, C.A. (FAINCA), located in Valencia, Carabobo state, the new Venezuela has charted its course towards the consolidation and international projection of its shipbuilding industry. In dianca they also offer other types of services such as the filling of Oxygen Pumps, Equipment and parts supply service.

Paragraph 6: UWA entered the 2010 season ranked 12th nationally by USA Today. The team was also ranked 23rd in the Lindy’s Preseason Top 25 poll and 24th in the Sporting News Preseason Top 25 poll. The UWA football team recorded its highest pre-season ranking since 1976 as the Tigers were selected second by the head coaches of the 2010 Gulf South Conference in the GSC Pre-Season Poll. West Alabama opened the season on August 28 against NAIA member Shorter in nearby Demopolis, Alabama. Tiger Stadium was renovated, and a synthetic surface was recently installed. The Tigers played their first contest on the new surface on September 18 against Lambuth but were narrowly defeated. UWA opened Gulf South Conference play with a home win over West Georgia but lost to Delta State on the road. After a 3-2 start, the Tigers reeled off three consecutive wins, including a last-second homecoming victory over Henderson State. It appeared the game had ended, but officials put a second back on the clock. Quarterback Deon Williams connected to wide receiver Gerald Worsham in the back of the endzone for the game-winner. The team lost back to back in the following two weeks before returning home to face Valdosta State in the season finale. The day before the contest, Bobby Wallace announced to his players that he would be stepping down as head coach upon the end of the season. After falling behind and trailing at the half, the Tigers upset the number 7-ranked Blazers to give Wallace a victory in his final game. The team notched its second win against Valdosta State and picked up their first win in the series since 1985. UWA finished the season 7-4 to earn consecutive winning seasons for the first time since 1991 and 1992. Deon Williams was recognized as one of 24 candidates for the Harlon Hill Trophy, the Division II equivalent to Division I's Heisman Trophy. Offensive coordinator Will Hall was named Bobby Wallace's successor a week after the season concluded. Bobby Wallace was inducted into the Division II Hall of Fame in December. The 2011 team went 8-4, beat DI foe Georgia State, and qualified for the NCAA DII tournament. The 2012 team went undefeated in Gulf South play (5-0) to claim the conference title. UWA defeated Miles College 41-7 in round one of the playoffs. The team lost at eventual national champion Valdosta State 49-21 in the second round. UWA finished 9-4.

Paragraph 7: Kurt Hoffman's Band of Weeds performs "Revolution #9" on the 1992 album Live at the Knitting Factory: Downtown Does the Beatles (Knitting Factory Records). The jam band Phish performed "Revolution 9" (along with almost all of the songs from The Beatles) at their Halloween 1994 concert that was released in 2002 as Live Phish Volume 13. (Band member Jon Fishman streaked across the stage after the line "if you become naked".) Australian dance rock band Def FX recorded a version for their 1996 album Majick. Little Fyodor recorded a cover in 1987 and released it as a CD single in 2000. The Shazam recorded a cover version of Revolution #9 which appears as the final track on their mini-album "Rev9" released in 2000. In 2008, the contemporary classical chamber ensemble Alarm Will Sound transcribed an orchestral re-creation of "Revolution 9" which they performed on tour. Also in 2008, the contemporary jazz trio The Neil Cowley Trio recorded both "Revolution 9" and "Revolution" for the magazine Mojo. "Revolution 9" has also inspired songs by punk group United Nations ("Resolution 9") and rock band Marilyn Manson ("Revelation #9"). It also inspired White Zombie's "Real Solution #9", which contains samples of a Prime Time Live interview that Diane Sawyer conducted with Manson Family member Patricia Krenwinkel. In the sample used Krenwinkel is heard saying: "Yeah, I remember her saying, I'm already dead." Skinny Puppy references a reversed melodic fragment from "Revolution #9" on their song "Love in Vein" from their album Last Rights.

Paragraph 8: The Atlanta Braves had continued to move forward in a golden era of consistency that had resulted in their eleventh consecutive division title since 1991 (with only the cancelled 1994 season being the exception), marked by consistent pitching from Tom Glavine, Greg Maddux, and Kevin Millwood (who combined for 52 wins to 25 losses) to go with John Smoltz and his league-leading 55 saves. They won over 100 games for the first since 1999, having experienced an improvement of thirteen games from the previous year. The Braves led the National League in runs allowed, ERA (3.13), and hits allowed (San Francisco led in home runs allowed). For the San Francisco Giants, this was their third postseason appearance in the past six seasons. While a five game improvement from last year was not enough to catch the NL West title, it was enough to loom over the lone Wild Card spot, marked by ending the year with an eight game winning streak. As for the Giants, Barry Bonds (who experienced three consecutive losses to the Braves in the NLCS from 1990 to 1992 as the left fielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates) continued his unprecedented run to start the 21st century. While he had less games played and home runs from the previous year, he managed to hit 46 while drawing a record of 198 walks while batting a career high .370 to coast to the Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award, which was his fifth as a player and second of ultimately four in a row. Right beside Bonds in offense was Jeff Kent, who hit .313 with 37 home runs with 195 hits in 152 games. While Kirk Rueter and Russ Ortiz led the Giants in wins as a pitcher (14), it was Robb Nen who served as the key star in pitching once again. In his fifth season with the Giants, he went to the All-Star Game for the third time while garnering 43 saves.

Paragraph 9: He joined Basel's first team during their 2006–07 season under head coach Christian Gross, who was starting his eighth season in that position. Gross relied on Buckley from the first moment and he played his team debut in the Swiss Cup away game on 26 August. He also scored his first goal with the team in the same game as Basel won 6–1 against local amateur club FC Liestal. He played his domestic league debut for Basel on 10 September 2006 at home in the St. Jakob-Park as Basel won 2–1 against FC Zürich. In the first round of the 2006–07 UEFA Cup Basel won 7–2 on aggregate against FK Rabotnički to qualified for the group stage. Here Basel played their first match at home against Feyenoord, this ended in a 1–1 draw. The second was away and lost 3–0 away against Blackburn Rovers. At home against AS Nancy the match was drawn 2–2 and the final game ended ended with a 3–1 defeat against Wisła Kraków. Basel ended the group stage in last position in the table and were eliminated. Bukley played in all six of these matches. At the end of the 2006–07 Super League season Basel were runners-up, one point behind championship winners Zürich. In the Swiss Cup Basel advanced to the final, beating FC Liestal in the first round, Lugano, FC Baulmes, Aarau and Wil in the semi-final. In the final they played Luzern and won this 1–0 thanks to a penalty goal in the third minute of added time. In his loan period with the club, Buckley played a total of 41 games for Basel scoring a total of six goals. 22 of these games were in the Swiss Super League, five in the Swiss Cup, six in the UEFA Cup and eight were friendly games. He scored one goal in the domestic league, three in the cup and the other three were scored during the test games.

Paragraph 10: The two brothers lived together until Eli's departure in 2010, along with Lizzie Lakely (Kitty McGeever), a blind woman who Marlon befriended. Lizzie upset Marlon when she preyed on his gullibility by pretending to be a psychic, causing Marlon to spend a fortune on phone bills pouring his heart out to her. He got his revenge by tricking her into paying back his money. His life was going smoothly until Moira Barton (Natalie J. Robb) began to work in The Woolpack. Marlon had a previous confrontation with Moira when she criticised his cooking. The two argued furiously at work as Marlon felt that she was invading his domain and finding fault with his food on purpose. It reached boiling point and Moira quit, which led to an angry Diane giving Marlon the cold-shoulder until he apologised. Marlon did so and Moira returned to work, as Marlon explained that since Donna left him, his job was the one area in his life where he felt in control and Moira had threatened that. They reached an understanding and became friends. When Marlon received a letter from Donna, saying that she had met someone else and wanted him to file for divorce, a devastated Marlon found himself turning to Moira as a shoulder to cry on. Because of this, he developed romantic feelings for her and convinced himself that she felt the same way. Going against Paddy's advice, Marlon finally confessed to Moira that he thought he was falling in love with her, leaving her shocked. She let him down and Marlon was left feeling humiliated. After a long heart-to-heart, she convinced him that she was flattered and that he would one day meet the right woman. Alongside this, Marlon also took in Charity and her young son, Noah (Jack Downham) after the family turned against her for trying to steal Cain's money. When Zak and Cain found out, they were angry and Cain punched Marlon in the stomach.

Paragraph 11: The New York and Atlantic Railway (NY&A)  is a short line railroad formed in 1997 to provide freight service over the tracks of the Long Island Rail Road, a public commuter rail agency which had decided to privatize its freight operations. An affiliate of the Anacostia and Pacific Company, NY&A  operates exclusively on Long Island, New York and is connected to the mainland via CSX's line over the Hell Gate Bridge. It also interchanges with New York New Jersey Rail's car float at the 65th Street Yard and US Rail of New York in Yaphank, New York. Its primary freight yard is Fresh Pond Junction in Queens. The NY&A officially took over Long Island Rail Road's freight operations on May 11, 1997. The initial franchise was for 20 years.

Paragraph 12: The start of the 2006 flat season saw George Washington confirm his juvenile promise by easily winning the 2,000 Guineas on Newmarket's Rowley Mile to give O'Brien his fourth win in the race. While George Washington disappointed in the Irish equivalent, he redeemed himself in the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Ascot. Dylan Thomas also made his mark in the top middle distance races in Europe. After going close in the Epsom Derby, he was found to be more effective under a patient Kieren Fallon ride in the Irish Derby. Dylan Thomas also showed his battling qualities in the Irish Champion Stakes, where he beat the Champion mare Ouija Board by a neck. Other 2006 highlights came through Alexandrova who dominated the middle distance fillies classics taking in The Oaks, Irish Oaks and Yorkshire Oaks. The end of season saw the juvenile Holy Roman Emperor take the Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère on Arc day at Longchamp. In one of the races of the season he was beaten by a head in the Dewhurst Stakes by European Champion 2-year-old Teofilo. Much anticipation centred on the expected rematch of these two colts in the 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket the following spring. Aidan finished the season with prizemoney of over €6.5m in Ireland and Great Britain. The season was marked however by the emerging race fixing allegations involving stable jockey Kieren Fallon. On 3 July 2006, Fallon was charged along with 7 other people for conspiring to defraud clients of the internet betting exchange Betfair. Fallon was one of 28 people answering bail at Bishopsgate police station in the City of London in connection with the inquiry. In a released police statement, he was described as being charged with "offences relating to allegations of fixing the outcome of horse races between 1 December 2002 and 2 September 2004, and money laundering". He was among three jockeys charged, along with Darren Williams and Fergal Lynch, all of whom had their licences to ride in Britain suspended, effectively under the principle that they would be guilty until found innocent. Fallon's problems were further compounded when on 29 November 2006 the French racing authority France Galop suspended Fallon for six months after he tested positive for a metabolite of a banned substance.

Paragraph 13: In 1980, a divorce court in Wyoming gave custody of Joshua DeShaney, born in 1979, to his father Randy DeShaney, who moved to Neenah, Winnebago County, Wisconsin.  A police report of child abuse and a hospital visit in January 1983, prompted the county Department of Social Services (DSS) to obtain a court order to keep the boy in the hospital's custody. Three days later, "On the recommendation of a 'child protection team,' consisting of a pediatrician, a psychologist, a police detective, the county's lawyer, several DSS caseworkers, and various hospital personnel, the juvenile court dismissed the case and returned the boy to the custody of his father."  The DSS entered an agreement with the boy's father, and five times throughout 1983, a DSS social worker visited the DeShaney home and recorded suspicion of child abuse and that the father was not complying with the agreement's terms.  No action was taken; the DSS also took no action to remove the boy from his father's custody after a hospital reported child abuse suspicions to them in November 1983.  Visits in January and March, 1984, in which the worker was told Joshua was too ill to see her, also resulted in no action. Following the March 1984, visit, "Randy DeShaney beat 4-year-old Joshua so severely that he fell into a life-threatening coma. Emergency brain surgery revealed a series of hemorrhages caused by traumatic injuries to the head inflicted over a long period of time. Joshua suffered brain damage so severe that he was expected to spend the rest of his life confined to an institution for the profoundly mentally disabled. He died Monday, November 9, 2015 at the age of 36.  Randy DeShaney was subsequently tried and convicted of child abuse." DeShaney served less than two years in jail.

Paragraph 14: "Crybaby" was released as the third single from Rainbow in 2000, as a double A-side with "Can't Take That Away (Mariah's Theme)". "Can't Take That Away" was emphasized at Top 40 Mainstream radio stations and "Crybaby" at mainstream urban stations. It was intended that the former would chart on the US Billboard Hot 100 and the latter would focus on the R&B charts. The songs had very limited airplay, and because Billboard magazine rules at that time stipulated that the song from a double A-side with the most airplay (in this case, "Crybaby") would be credited only, "Crybaby" was eligible to chart. Double A-sided singles were credited together on the charts until 1998, when the Hot 100 changed from a "singles" chart to a "songs" chart, and consequently every song was credited individually. "Crybaby" did not appear on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart, but debuted at 2 on the Hot 100 Single Sales chart with 54,000 units scanned  It debuted on the Hot 100 at number 28 only after its release as a commercial single, but its minimal airplay prevented it from climbing higher. It remained in the top forty for two weeks and on the chart for seven weeks, becoming Carey's first single to miss the US top twenty.

Paragraph 15: Mandy returns six years later  when it is revealed that she and Luke are back together. Mandy makes Luke promise that he will call her when he is on verge of drinking alcohol. However, Luke continues to drink alcohol continuously. Mandy is later revealed as Warren's secret stalker, after she begins sending him anonymous text messages and threats. Mandy continues to stalk Warren further, but when he attempts to threaten her, Mandy threatens to tell his fiancée Sienna Blake (Anna Passey) about his affair with Grace Black (Tamara Wall). Due to Luke's alcohol habit becoming uncontrollable, social services decide to take Mandy's daughter Ella Richardson (Erin Palmer), into temporary foster care as they feel that Ella is not safe with Luke's alcohol addiction. Mandy later kicks Luke out and turns to Tony. Tony attempts to help her but Mandy kidnaps Ella. However Ella runs away from the garden of the Cunningham household, leading to Cindy's lodger Milo Entwistle (Nathan Morris) finding her and taking her to the police station. Mandy is arrested, but released and Ella is put back into care. Mandy becomes suspicious of Milo as he becomes obsessed in getting the Cunningham family back together. When an unknown person puts a threatening graffiti on Tom's car, Mandy and Cindy agree that Tom should move in with the Cunninghams. The Osborne's refuse but realizing how save Tom will be, they agree. Later that day it is revealed that Milo was responsible for the death of Mandy's mother and stepdad when as a youth, he accidentally crashed his van into Helen and Gordon's car. When Mandy wants to get a job at The Hutch in order to prove to social services that she is suitable to get Ella back, Tony refuses as he is angry at Mandy for always bringing trouble. This causes Mandy to slap him and Diane to kick him out. Diane gives Mandy a free trial at The Hutch, much to Tony's rejection. Tony later apologizes to Mandy leading to a kiss which is interrupted by Diane. Luke returns to reconcile with Mandy but he discovers the kiss between Mandy and Tony leading to a fight between the two men.

Paragraph 16: Kearns' first involvement with the UCD senior team came towards the end of the 2016 season, when he was named in the matchday squad but remained as an unused substitute in 7 games. Although he again didn't make an appearance, 2017 saw him take another step closer to the number 1 shirt, as he was second choice keeper for much of the year, remaining an unused substitute in 22 of his side's 28 league games. He made his debut at senior level on the opening night of the 2018 League of Ireland First Division, in a 2–1 win over Dublin rivals Shelbourne. On 14 September 2018, Kearns and his UCD side drew 1–1 with Finn Harps to win the League of Ireland First Division. He made 32 appearances in all competitions over the season. The 2019 season was Kearns' first season at League of Ireland Premier Division level. With such a young squad, coupled with the mid-season departure of many of the team's better players including Gary O'Neill, Neil Farrugia & Conor Davis, meant the side were in a relegation battle with Finn Harps for the entirety of the season. On 15 July 2019, UCD beat Bohemians 1–0 at the UCD Bowl. After the match, Kearns celebrated in front of the Bohemians fans who had been booing him for what they perceived as time wasting, which Bohs captain Derek Pender confronted Kearns over his celebrations which resulted in a brawl on the pitch between both sets of players, while Kearns had bottles thrown at him from the visiting supporters who also tried to attack him as he left the pitch. For their part in the brawl, both Kearns and Pender were sent off by referee Derek Tomney which resulted in one match bans but Kearns was given an additional 5 game ban, with Pender receiving an additional 3 games. Speaking on the incident, Kearns denied any deliberate time wasting, stating I was playing the game with an injury and whenever I went down to get treatment, there was no way it was timewasting – it would’ve been pushing it to say it was that, but they were on my case any chance they got. But, in terms of having to justify it, there’s a lot of people who have been in the situation I have been in that hasn’t had to deal with the same backlash that I have. So, to a degree, you can feel unfortunate, but at the end of the day it was handbags. Nobody was hurt, there was no real malice – there was just pushing and shoving but it was probably a bit unfortunate and naïve on my part.. UCD were later awarded a 3–0 win as Bohemians had fielded an ineligible player, the suspended Danny Mandroiu. Kearns made a total of 33 appearances in all competitions as UCD were relegated after finishing bottom of the league with just 19 points.

Paragraph 17: Fairlington's streets are all two lanes and they are neither on a grid with uniform city blocks nor in the suburban cul-de-sac style found in most American suburbs but are slightly winding and usually separated by the equivalent of two or more city blocks. Fairlington's apartment units are grouped in "courts," usually three or four separate buildings of around 40-50 total units facing a parking lot (carpark). Most units are three levels (upstairs, ground level and basement) with front and back doors. Some units are two or three story walk-ups with units on a single floor. Prior to the condominium conversions, back doors opened to common areas with connecting sidewalks leading to back porches. Post-conversions, most units have a small courtyard off the back door, surrounded by a wooden fence. The common areas between the courts contain open areas for recreation. Originally the common areas included playgrounds and wading pools. The latter consisted of flat concrete squares with short concrete sides and a sprinkler in the center. These provided cooling and recreation in the summer when air conditioning was not widely available. With the conversion to condominiums, tennis, basketball courts, playgrounds, and swimming facilities replaced the original playgrounds and wading pools. Prior to the condominium conversions, each building had a common basement area, which could be reached from the basement of apartments which had basements, or from a stairway in buildings containing single-floor apartments. Common basements could also be accessed from outside the apartments via an exterior stairway. The common basement contained trashrooms and laundry facilities. Buildings with single-floor apartments also had storage units in the common basements. With the condominium conversions, the common areas were divided to become part of the basement areas of individual condominiums. Exterior access to what had been common areas was removed. Sidewalks (pavements) along the streets and in the common areas connect the neighborhood. Each condominium association in South Fairlington consists of around 15 courts.

Paragraph 18: Scene of Irony formed after Moe Holmes got rejected by a rock band that Donnell played drums in that was auditioning singers. The band thought Holmes sounded "too punk" and turned him down. Disappointed after getting rejected, Holmes decided to form his own band. He purchased a guitar, and a Marshall half-stack and started practicing to teach himself guitar. Donnell came by Moe's apartment to listen to the songs he had written and said he needed more practice. After six months, Donnell returned to Moe's apartment and agreed to form a band with him. Moe placed an ad at Vintage Vinyl for a bass player and Shaughnessy Denney answered the ad a week later. The three practiced once, and decided to officially become a band on April 1, 2004. After being a band for two and a half years, Shaughnessy and Donnell wanted to add a lead guitarist to the band. Shawn Combs came to see Scene of Irony perform at The Pageant located in St. Louis, Missouri, and asked to join the band. After "jamming" with Shawn a couple of times, Combs was officially in the band. On March 24, 2007, Scene of Irony released its debut album titled When Kids Attack. Three years later, they released their second album, Word on the Street. On April 7, 2013, Scene of irony released its third CD, titled We Own the Night. After the CD release of We Own the Night, Scene of Irony decided to part ways with its founding drummer Donnell Robinson due to personal issues. On March 29, 2014, Scene of Irony held their 10-year anniversary show at Fubar in Saint Louis featuring legendary punk band Charged GBH. GBH flew in for one show specifically for Scene of Irony's show. Donnell and Raj reunited with the band to perform a couple of songs for the special occasion. Scene of Irony toured the Midwest with GBH in September 2014. Scene of Irony continues to perform shows across the United States and England.They have opened for several national acts, including: Ultraman, Charged GBH, The Business, The Exploited, Street Dogs, Swingin' Utters, The Queers, Voodoo Glow Skulls, The Casualties, Koffin Kats, Total Chaos, Flatfoot 56, Calabrese, Alien Ant Farm and Zero Boys. Scene of Irony has made its debut at Rebellion Festivals on Friday, August 7, 2015 in Blackpool, UK. Scene of irony released its 4th studio CD "Wolves in Punk Clothing" on March 20, 2016 at Vintage Vinyl.

Paragraph 19: During the late 1970s and the early 1980s, Canada's domestic offshore fleet grew as fishermen and fish processing companies rushed to take advantage. It was also then that it was noticed that the foreign fleets that were now pushed out to  offshore and excluded from the rich Canadian waters were increasing their harvest in the small areas of the Grand Banks that were outside the area of the EEZ. Canada's own fishery scientists assumed that only 5% of the Northern cod stocks was living in international waters regulated by NAFO, and 95% of the cod stock was living inside the Canadian EEZ, where only Canadian vessels were allowed to fish. By the late 1980s, smaller catches of Northern Cod were being reported along the Atlantic coast of Canada as the federal government and citizens of coastal regions in the area began to face the reality that domestic and foreign overfishing had taken its toll. In the end, stocks of cod in and around Canada's EEZ were severely depleted. Reluctant to act because of its already-declining political popularity, the federal government was finally forced to take drastic action in 1992, and a total moratorium was declared indefinitely for the Northern Cod. The TAC for both the Canadian EEZ and NAFO regulated area was based on Canadian scientific advice, which turned out to be wrong and the Northern cod stock collapsed in 1992 and has never recovered.

Paragraph 20: Influenced by Auguste Vaillant, a French anarchist who had bombed the Chamber of Deputies in Paris, Bhagat Singh made a plan to explode a bomb inside the Central Legislative Assembly. On 8 April 1929, Singh, accompanied by Batukeshwar Dutt, threw two bombs into the Assembly chamber from its public gallery while it was in session. The bombs had been designed not to kill, but some members, including George Ernest Schuster, the finance member of the Viceroy's Executive Council, were injured. The smoke from the bombs filled the Assembly so that Singh and Dutt could probably have escaped in the confusion had they wished. Instead, they stayed shouting the slogan "Inquilab Zindabad!" ("Long Live the Revolution") and threw leaflets. The two men were arrested and subsequently moved through a series of jails in Delhi. Trials began in the first week of June, following a preliminary hearing in May. On 12 June, both men were sentenced to life imprisonment for: "causing explosions of a nature likely to endanger life, unlawfully and maliciously." Dutt had been defended by Asaf Ali, while Singh defended himself. On 15 April 1929, the Lahore bomb factories in Lahore and Saharanpur were discovered by the police, leading to the arrest of other members of HSRA, including Sukhdev, Kishori Lal, Jai Gopal, Rajguru, and 21 others. Singh was re-arrested for murdering Saunders and Chanan Singh based on substantial evidence against him, including statements by his associates, Hans Raj Vohra and Jai Gopal. His life sentence in the Assembly Bomb case was deferred until the Saunders case was decided. He was sent to Central Jail Mianwali from the Delhi jail. There he witnessed discrimination between European and Indian prisoners. They demanded equality in food standards, clothing, toiletries, and other hygienic necessities, as well as access to books and a daily newspaper. They argued that they should not be forced to do manual labour or any undignified work in the jail and started hunger strike. The hunger strike inspired a rise in public support for Singh and his colleagues from around June 1929. The Tribune newspaper was particularly prominent in this movement and reported on mass meetings in places such as Lahore and Amritsar. The government had to apply Section 144 of the criminal code in an attempt to limit gatherings. Jawaharlal Nehru and Muhammad Ali Jinnah both talked in favour of Central Jail Mianwali. Since the activities of the hunger strikers had gained popularity and attention amongst the people nationwide, the government decided to advance the start of the Saunders murder trial, which was henceforth called the Lahore Conspiracy Case. Singh was transported to Borstal Jail, Lahore, and the trial began there on 10 July 1929. In addition to charging them with the murder of Saunders, Singh and the 27 other prisoners were charged with plotting a conspiracy to murder Scott, and waging a war against the King. Singh, still on hunger strike, had to be carried to the court handcuffed on a stretcher; he had lost  from his original weight of  since beginning the strike.

Paragraph 21: Rodney Young named the largest burial mound at the site Tumulus MM—for “Midas Mound,” after the famous Phrygian king Midas, who ruled at Gordion during the second half of the eighth century B.C. Young eventually came to believe that the tomb’s occupant was not Midas but rather his father, although in either case the wooden finds from the burial can be associated with King Midas. When Midas took the throne on the death of his father, he surely would have officiated at the funeral, with the grave goods provided by him for the deposition. The historical King Midas was a contemporary of the Assyrian king Sargon II (r. 721–705 BC) and was also well known to the Greeks. Midas was the first foreigner to make an offering at the sanctuary of Apollo at Delphi, according to the Greek historian Herodotus, who wrote that the king had dedicated his throne, which was “well worth seeing.” Unfortunately, this tantalizing comment tells us little about the appearance of the throne of Midas. However, the magnificent wooden furniture from Tumulus MM at Gordion suggests that the throne was likely made from beautiful woods with carved and inlaid decoration, including a complex of geometric patterns that reflected the power of the Phrygian royal house and its connection to the Phrygian mother goddess Matar (Kybele).Tumulus MM produced an array of priceless artifacts: 170 bronze vessels, some with deposits of organic residues; 10 bronze-and-leather belts; more than 180 bronze fibulae (ancient safety pins); pottery vessels containing the remains of food; and 15 pieces of fine wooden furniture. The exact nature of the furniture was not clear to Young and his team when they entered the chamber in 1957, as many of the objects had broken along the lines of the joinery, with their constituent parts dispersed on the tomb floor. The first thing the excavators saw was the skeleton of the king lying on a mass of textiles, covering what Young thought was a four-poster bed. To the east of the “bed” were several furniture legs scattered among remnants of cloth. Leaning against the east wall were two ornate, inlaid objects, called “screens” by Young and initially identified as “throne backs.” To the south of these, a fancy inlaid table had collapsed with its frame intact, and nearby were the tops and legs of eight “plain” tables. Most of the bronze vessels found in the tomb had once been hung on the walls or placed on the tables, but all had fallen to the floor.

Paragraph 22: Until Mubarak's deposition, Egypt had operated under a "state of emergency" for all but five months since 1967, allowing the president to outlaw demonstrations, hold detainees indefinitely without trial, and issue law by decree. Generally, emergency law provides the government with the authority to control every level of political activity, including that within the confines of the formally defined political arena. The duration of the law is three years, but was routinely renewed. The trend began when President Gamel Abdel Nasser succeeded in establishing a state of emergency in 1956, following the invasion of Egypt by Britain, France, and Israel, and continued until 1963 on the basis of the continuing threat of an offensive against Egypt. Nasser declared another state of emergency in June 1967 because of the Six-Day War, which lasted through the War of Attrition, the October War, and the later years of Anwar El-Sadat's presidency, which were characterized by significant political, economic, and social upheaval and discontent. In total, the state of emergency declared during the 1967 war lasted for 13 years. After Sadat's assassination on 6 October 1981, his Vice-President and successor, Hosni Mubarak, declared another state of emergency, which he kept in place for the entire duration of his three decades in office.

Paragraph 23: 1986 saw many sequels and prequels in video games, such as Super Mario Bros. 2, along with new titles such as Arkanoid, Bubble Bobble, Castlevania, Dragon Quest, Ikari Warriors, The Legend of Zelda, Metroid, Out Run and R.B.I. Baseball. The year's highest-grossing arcade video games were Hang-On in Japan, Hang-On and Gauntlet in the United States, and Nemesis (Gradius) in London. The year's bestselling home system was the Nintendo Entertainment System (Famicom) for the third year in a row, while the year's best-selling home video games in Western markets were Super Mario Bros. in the United States and Yie Ar Kung-Fu in the United Kingdom.

Paragraph 24: Phylidor was dressed in black and led the visitors into a small darkened room with dazzling white walls, in which a rectangular area was fenced off with a construction of slats with a metal hand on each end. In the center of a chalk circle on the floor were a wand and a small lantern on a folded long black cloth. A container with almost burned out coals stood next to it. Phylidor asked the spectators not to speak, move or touch anything since they were surrounded by terrible dangers. He advised them to hold each other's hands and the ones on the end to hold the metal hands in order not to fall over and as a protection against the dangers. Von der Reck asked the man next to him to let go of his hand, because he suspected the metal hands could be used to give them an electric shock. Phylidor then extinguished the lantern, leaving only the very weak light of the coals. Soon thick white odorous smoke started to spread across the room and Phylidor started the ritual. It included some incantations in a dull but commanding voice with the words "Helion, Melion, Tetragrammaton" (as reportedly used by Cagliostro), some French sentences like "Parois. Esprit terrible! Esprit terrible, épargne moi!" and the name of Jehovah mixed in repeatedly. A terrible thunder-like noise filled the room and as Phylidor called out: "Esprit, parois!" (Ghost, appear!), a streak of light appeared on the wall that gradually transformed into the (almost) life-size figure of Voltaire, dressed in white and hovering a foot above the floor. Some spectators complained that this was a very poor apparition and clearly a projection of some transparent picture. Phylidor commanded the spirit to disappear and soon an apparition of Frederick the Great followed. When some visitors complained that the facial features weren't very clear, Phylidor replied that he was surprised that they expected to see more details in a ghost. Then Von der Eck confronted Phylidor with the question if it wasn't all just optical illusions. Phylidor threatened with terrible dangers that would be caused by this behavior. Von der Eck and other audience members then demanded to see Phylidor raise the devil, if he would still insist that he really had supernatural powers. He pleaded not to have to do this, but instead to raise the spirit of the deceased father of an Englishman in the audience as agreed upon a few days earlier. He conjured up this apparition, but the image showed a figure in too fashionable an outfit for someone who had died a few years before. In the meantime the smoke had become too irritating and some men called for light and wanted the door to be opened. Phylidor proposed to make King Heinrich IV appear, but couldn't calm his audience and accepted his defeat. Some of the men warned him that it would not end well if he was to perform his deceitful tricks again.

Paragraph 25: Nancy originated from the interaction between an active ITCZ and a cold front near the Caroline Islands and the equator in mid February. An increase in convection was shown by weather satellites on February 18 and by the following day a recon aircraft found a weak depression to the south of the Caroline Islands. The depression moved west, suppressed south by a high pressure ridge to the north, and gradually strengthened into a tropical storm and was given the name Nancy early on February 20. Nancy became a typhoon on the 22 about 100 miles northwest from Woleai. On February 23 Nancy passed to the north of Yap where strong gale winds occurred. Continuing to encounter more favorable conditions Nancy was able to achieve a peak intensity of 140 mph (220 km/h) and a pressure of  on February 24. This was the equivalent of a category four hurricane. It is rare to have a typhoon of this magnitude during the month of February, as noted by the JTWC, only Irma of the 1953 season reached the same intensity at the time. As Nancy approached the Philippine Islands the typhoon traversed to the western ambit of the ridge that had kept it to the south, allowing it to move farther in a north direction. During the 25 Nancy passed east off the coast of the easternmost islands of the Philippines. On the island of Catanduanes, the edge of the eye brushed the eastern coast. A U. S. Coast Guard loran station on Catanduanes recorded intense winds, at which point the equipment malfunctioned. The storm encountered a hostile environment to the northeast of Luzon and began to weaken. By February 26 Nancy had become a tropical storm and shortly afterward had transitioned into an extra tropical cyclone and moved off into open ocean. By the 28 what remained of Nancy was a frontal trough.

Paragraph 26: The Farallon Trench was a subduction related tectonic formation located off the coast of the western California continental margin during the late to mid Cenozoic era, around 50 miles southeast of modern-day Monterey Bay. The time duration of subduction began from around 165 Ma when the Farallon Plate replaced the Mezcalera promontory, until the San Andreas Fault straightening around 35 Ma. As data accumulated over time, a common view developed that one large oceanic plate, the Farallon Plate, acted as a conveyor belt, conveying accreted terranes onto the North American west coast. As the continent overran the subducting Farallon Plate, the denser plate became subducted into the mantle below the continent. When the plates converged, the dense oceanic plate sank into the mantle to form a slab below the lighter continent. Rapid subduction under the southwestern North America continent began 40 to 60 million years ago (Ma), during the mid Paleocene to mid Eocene epochs. This convergent subduction margin created a distinctive geomorphologic feature called an oceanic trench, which occurs at a convergent plate boundaries as a heavy metal rich, lithospheric plate moves below a light silica rich continental plate. The trench marks the position at which the flexed subducting slab begins to descend beneath and deform the continental plate margin. By 43 Ma, during the Eocene, worldwide plate motions changed and the Pacific Plate began to move away from North America and subduction of the Farallon Plate slowed dramatically.  By around 36 Ma, the easternmost part of the East Pacific Rise, located between the Pioneer and Murray fracture zones at that time, approached the trench and the young, hot, buoyant lithosphere appears to have clogged part of the subduction zone, resulting in widespread dramatic uplift on land. The eventual complete subduction of this plate, consequential contact of the Pacific Plate with the California continental margin, and creation of the Mendocino Triple Junction (MTJ), took place around 30 to 20 Ma.  The partial complete subduction and division of the Farallon Plate by the Pacific Plate, created the Juan de Fuca Plate to the north and the Cocos Plate to the south. The final stages of the evolution of California's continental margin was the growth of the San Andreas transform fault system, which formed as the Pacific Plate came into contact with the continental margin and the MTJ was formed. As subduction of the Pacific Plate continued along this margin, and the contact zone grew, the San Andreas proportionally grew as well.

Paragraph 27: "Runaway" is set in common time with moderately slow groove tempo and a metronome of 92 beats per minute, and it is set in the key of C major. The track follows in the chord progression of B♭/C–C–B♭/C-C throughout. Musically, it is a pop and dance song which draws influences of Middle Eastern music. According to Spins Chris Norris, the song begins with "church bells, synthetic gamelan, bubbling water, sitars" as well as Jackson's "little girl giggle, which soon overtakes the mix." Billboards Larry Flick wrote that it has a "gigglin' performance" by Jackson and "silken 'ooh-sha-sha' harmonies"; he also said that Jam and Lewis "snap the song's playful elements into a cohesive package with a taut funk bassline and a Supremes-styled pop backbeat." For Music Week magazine, the track also "cleveriy mixes the flavour of a vintage Prince track with Jackson's own inimitable style, fitting snugly alongside Ihe Prince-influenced sound of the likes of TLC." For their part, Freaky Trigger website observed that "this is one of the few songs Janet has recorded that panders to her gossamer-thin voice; any more muscle on the verses or chorus would turn the shimmer into an insufferable bludgeoning mess." Reviewers also noted similarities between the song and Jackson's past single "Escapade" (1990).

Paragraph 28: 1963 Zero in amore / Come un tramonto1963 Tu dirai/Sei ore1964 Come ti vorrei/La nostra spiaggia1964 Credi/Resta sola come sei1964 Come ti vorrei / Chi potrà amarti1965 I tuoi anni più belli / Un altro giorno verrà 1965 Accarezzami amore / Mi cercherai1965 Caro mio / Non tornar mai1966 La notte dell'addio / Caldo è l'amore1966 Fra noi / Gold Snake1966 Ma pecché / Tu saje a verità1966 Monete d’oro / Ci amiamo troppo1967 Non pensare a me / Vita1967 Quel momento / Dove è lui1967 Le montagne (ci amiamo troppo) / Vivere non-vivere1967 Dolcemente / Come stai bene e tu?1968 Per vivere / Non accetterò1968 Amore amor / Sleeping1968 La felicità / Anche così1968 La felicità / Ci vuole così poco1968 Senza catene / Diverso dagli altri1969 Zingara / Io sogno1969 Due grosse lacrime bianche / Tienimi con te1969 Un bacio sulla fronte / Accanto a te1969 Che vuoi che sia / Perché mai1969 Vivrò / Estasi d'amore1970 L'arca di Noé / Aria di settembre1970 Un uomo senza tempo / Un attimo1970 Un fiume amaro / Il sogno é fumo1970 Un fiume amaro / Tienimi con te1970 Una storia di mezzanotte / Il bimbo e la gazzella1971 La riva bianca e la riva nera / Tu non-sei più innamorato di me1971 Coraggio e paura / Sciogli i cavalli al vento1972 Ma che amore / Il mio bambino1972 Nonostante lei / Non scordarti di me1972 Alla mia gente / Dall'amore in poi1972 La mia sera / Il sole splende ancora1972 Mi ha stregato il viso tuo / A te1973 I mulini della mente / Basterà1973 Le giornate dell'amore / Chi mi manca é lui1973 Fred Bongusto:White Christmas/ Natale dura un giorno1974 L'indifferenza / Sarà domani1974 Ciao cara come stai? / Vendetta1974 Testarda io / Sei tornato a casa tua1975 Testarda io / E la notte é qui1975 Io sarò la tua idea / Jesus1976 Mamma tutto / Dormi,amore dormi1976 I discorsi tuoi / Confessioni1977 Arrivederci padre / Che uomo sei1977 Munasterio 'e Santa Chiara / 'O destino1977 Mal d'amore / Selvaggio1978 Con la voglia di te / Sei contento1979 Per te / Pronto 1131979 La valigia / Ditemi1979 A parte il fatto / Capirai1981 Ardente / E tu mai1983 Aria di luna / Amico1984 Chi (mi darà) / Comandante1984 Quando arriverà / Sera di vento1985 Da domani senza te / Aria di luna1987 Volo / Uomini e no2001 Ho bisogno di te 2009 Ti voglio senza amoreSanremo Music Festival

Paragraph 29: On 14 October 1712 John Theophilus Desaguliers married Joanna Pudsey, daughter of William and Anne Pudsey of Kidlington, near Oxford. For most of their married life the couple lived at Channel Row, Westminster where Desaguliers gave the majority of his lectures. When forced to leave due to work on Westminster Bridge they separated and John Theophilus took lodgings at the Bedford Coffee House in Covent Garden and carried on his lectures there. The Desaguliers had four sons and three daughters, for most of whom they acquired aristocratic godparents, but only two children survived beyond infancy: John Theophilus jnr (1718–1751) graduated from Oxford, became a clergyman, and died childless, while Thomas (1721–1780) had a distinguished military career in the Royal Artillery, rising to the rank of General. He became chief firemaster at the Arsenal, Woolwich, and seems to have been the first to be employed by the English army to apply scientific principles to the production of cannon and the powers of gunnery, for which he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. It was Thomas Desaguliers who in part designed and supervised the fireworks for the first performance of Handel's Music for the Royal Fireworks in Green Park. He later became an equerry to King George III.

Paragraph 30: Smith had sent his illegitimate son, also named Thomas, along with the 800 English colonists who had set off from Liverpool to Ards: in October 1573, Thomas Smith Jnr was shot dead by an Irishman he had employed as a labourer. A couple of years later Smith Snr had abandoned the project completely. Essex, who had only recently been made an Earl, encouraged by Lord Burghley, was more directly involved on the ground and had most of his fortune at stake. Haunted by an outbreak of plague at Carrickfergus in 1573–74, which decimated Essex's forces, he fled to the English Pale, being based at Dublin and Drogheda for the rest of his time, only entering Ulster on raids against O'Neill and others. Evidently frustrated, Essex had Piers arrested and accused him of passing intelligence to Sir Brian McPhelim (Piers was later released). In November 1574, Sir Brian McPhelim had invited Essex to Belfast Castle to a feast where they would discuss concluding a peace. At the end of the three day feast, Essex's men, suddenly fell upon their Irish hosts and carried out the Clandeboye massacre, where 200 men, women and children were murdered without warning. Sir Brian McPhelim, his wife and his half-brother Rory Oge MacQuillin were all taken hostage to Dublin where they were hanged for opposing the plantations. The following year, Essex was responsible for an even more gratuitous massacre in Ulster, this time against the MacDonnells of Antrim  in the Rathlin Island massacre (Essex accused the Clandeboye O'Neills and MacDonnels of being co-conspirators against the English colonists), before Elizabeth I called an end to "the Enterprise" in 1575. Before his own death in 1576, Essex was able to sow division among the ranks of the Clandeboye by declaring Niall McBrian Fertagh O'Neill (grandson of Niall Oge O'Neill and son-in-law of Sir Brian MacPhelim) as rightful lord of all Clandeboye.