Paragraph 1: Raimond published about two dozen political pamphlets in France. One piece entitled Observations on the Origin and Progression of the White Colonists' Prejudice against Men of Color, attempts to describe the racial history of the prejudice on the small island for the purpose of garnering sympathies from the National Assembly. In his other works, he lays out plans for the gradual emancipation of France's colonial slaves. His projects were surpassed when France's Commissioner Léger-Félicité Sonthonax recognized the freedom of the rebels before Raimond's plans were put into action. Raimond eventually returned twice to Saint-Domingue, once with Sonthonax, as an agent of the Revolutionary government, helping re-establish the plantation system after the end of slavery. Though a long advocate of loyalty to France, Raimond ultimately allied with Toussaint L'Ouverture and was one of 10 men who served on a committee that wrote a self-governing Constitution for Saint-Domingue in 1801. Raimond died shortly after the document was published at the age of 57. Although most of Julien Raimond's political activity took place in Paris, his activism on behalf of free people of color and later all Haitians, played a very significant role in the Haitian Revolution. He was different from other colonial activists for racial change because he never fought physically but instead with his writings and political essays. Raimond represented a different and more conservative element of mixed-race Haiti that was finally persuaded to support the Haitian Revolution.

Paragraph 2: In later years the Pic was used to transport 8 foot pulp logs to Heron Bay, where they were assembled in booms and towed to Marathon.  Marathon Paper operated a pulp mill at Marathon using timber that was driven down the Pic each spring.  The Marathon Corporation was purchased by American Can, and in 1982 by the James River Paper Company. The Pic river drive was phased out and trucks were employed in lieu of the water based system that was in place for many years.  The woodlands that furnished wood for the mill at Marathon were delineated by the Pic watershed.  In the early years woodsmen walked from Marathon after their hire, following trails blazed along the Pic river to camps built to provide wood for the mill.  Walkers went from the mill to the camps taking mail and gathering statistics on wood cut and hauled by horses to the river. During the early years all wood was 'driven' in the spring, down the Pic and White Otter rivers.  In later years roads supplanted the trails, but until 1982 there was a Camp near the White Otter River operated by American Can. Dynamite caches were located at strategic places along the river so that log jams could be cleared.

Paragraph 3: The amount of firsthand exposure 19th-century Mormons had to death, namely the passing of immediate family members and close friends, fostered their participation in a cultural phenomenon known as the "beautiful death" or "holy death". This trend was popular among American Protestants, and was derived from customs first developed in medieval Christianity and the Church of England. Modern-day scholars also cite providentialism – the belief that God controlled the timing of deaths – as an original influence behind the "beautiful death" phenomenon. It involved a slow, dramatic deathbed scene during which loved ones gathered around to witness the person's transition into the next life. People believed that angels – particularly deceased ancestors – also attended these events, visible only to the dying. The person near death was to describe aloud a view of where they were headed. A gradual death in the presence of friends and family was of utmost importance; an abrupt, unplanned death without witnesses was seen as undesirable and, some believed, "could threaten salvation." Those confronting death sought to remain calm during their final hours and thereby display confidence in their ultimate fate. If they failed to do so, they risked losing a good position in the afterlife. As a whole, the process of a "beautiful death" was viewed by the early Latter Day Saints as a rite of passage necessary for salvation.There were three parties involved in the "beautiful death," each with a specific role to play: the dying had to appear convinced of their salvation, the living had to support the dying during their transition to the afterlife and mourn them once they departed, and the dead had to open the gates of heaven for the new soul once they arrived. All family members and friends were welcome; one's "beautiful death" could not be a private occurrence. The nearer the person grew to death, the more crowded the room became. This time was meant to be used to bequeath possessions and to give parting advice to one's children. Joseph Smith Sr. followed this convention; his wife Lucy Mack Smith recorded that, during his "beautiful death" scene, he blessed their children who were present and lamented the absence of a daughter who could not come. He expressed gratitude that his offspring were there to see him off. As Susanna Morrill, a professor of religion at Lewis & Clark College describes, the "beautiful death" scene was "a kind of tension-filled theater." Once the person died, the "beautiful death" tradition mandated that the body be buried in a cemetery near home. Proper burial was seen as an essential service to prepare the dead for the resurrection.

Paragraph 4: This history, Scalia concluded, clearly shows that the Confrontation Clause was directed at keeping "ex parte" examinations out of the evidentiary record. Specifically, the Confrontation Clause applies to "witnesses" against the accused, meaning those who "bear testimony." Relying on this and the historical record, Scalia stated, "the Framers would not have allowed admission of testimonial statements of a witness who did not appear at trial unless he was unavailable to testify, and the defendant had had a prior opportunity for cross-examination." Scalia determined that a prior opportunity for cross-examination was mandatory, and dispositive of whether or not testimonial statements of an unavailable witness are admissible. Testimonial statements are formal declarations, i.e., those made to law enforcement or government personnel. "Dispensing with confrontation because testimony is obviously reliable is akin to dispensing with jury trial because a defendant is obviously guilty."

Paragraph 5: On November 1, in the Bergmann Offensive, Russians crossed the frontier first. They planned to capture Doğubeyazıt and Köprüköy. The official Russian declaration of war on the Ottoman Empire came on November 2. The established force for this goal was 25 infantry battalions, 37 cavalry units and 120 artillery guns. It had two wings. On the right-wing, the Russian I Corps crossed the border and moved from Sarikamish toward the direction of Köprüköy. They reached Köprüköy on November 4. On the left-wing, the Russian IV Corps moved from Yerevan to Pasinler Plains. The commander of 3rd Army, Hasan Izzet was not in favor of an offensive action in the harsh winter conditions. His plan was to remain in defense and launch a counterattack at the right time. This was overridden by the War Minister Enver Pasha. On November 7, the Turkish 3rd Army commenced its offensive with the participation of the XI Corps and all cavalry units. This force was supported by a Kurdish Tribal Regiment. The cavalry failed to execute the encirclement and the Kurdish Tribal Regiment proved to be unreliable. The Russians gained territory after the withdrawal of the 18th and the 30th Divisions. Ottoman forces managed to maintain their positions at Köprüköy. By November 12, the Turkish IX Corps with Ahmet Fevzi Pasha had reinforced the XI Corps on the left flank. The 3rd Army began to push the Russians back with the support of the cavalry. The 3rd Infantry Regiment managed to invade Köprüköy after the Azap Offensive between November 17 and 20. By the end of November, the front had stabilized, with the Russians clinging to a salient 25 kilometers into the Ottoman Empire along the Erzurum-Sarikamish axis. There was Russian success along the southern shoulders of the offensive where Armenian volunteers were effective and took Karaköse and Doğubeyazıt. Doğubeyazıt was the northern neighbor of Van Province. Ottoman casualties were high: 9000 killed, 3000 taken prisoner and 2800 deserters.

Paragraph 6: After his return to Spain due to illness, he was appointed military governor of Madrid in 1894 and promoted to the rank of lieutenant general in 1895. The following year, he arrived in Cuba as Valeriano Weyler's chief of staff and participated in the Spanish campaign during the Cuban War of Independence. In the same year, he was elected Senator of La Habana. In 1897, he returned to Spain and was appointed Captain General of Aragon. In 1898, he was appointed Captain General of Andalusia. In the same year, he was elected as Senator of Albacete, a position he would serve in until 1902. While serving as senator, he was appointed as Inspector General of the Guardia Civil in 1901. In 1903, he was elected for the fourth time as Deputy of Casas-Ibáñez with 85% of the vote. In the same year, he was appointed Inspector General of the Carabineros. The following year, he was appointed Captain General of Old Castile. In 1905, he was back in the Senate. However, he was not only Senator of Albacete, he was made senator for life (senador vitalicio) by royal decree in 1906. Among his activities as senator include requesting ratings for Ministers of the Crown, and propose increasing the benefits for members of the armed forces. He requested the Spanish Council of State to report on the conflict between the Ministry of Justice and Ministry of War concerning the salary of a regional officer. He proposed to provide a pension for General Diego Ollero y Carmona's widow, Teresa Morales Guerrero Estrella, and General Francisco Rizzo y Ramirez's widow, Dolores Goñi y Zangroniz. He proposed the inclusion of the Bonete Road expansion in the general road plan of Spain. The Bonete Road runs from Albacete to Ayora. Ochando was known for his various infrastructure projects in his district during his service as deputy and senator. Another major project undertaken upon Ochando's initiative was the Baeza-Utiel Line, also known as the Baeza-Albacete Line. Planning for the 366-kilometer long railway connecting Baeza and Utiel began in 1926. He requested the enforcement of the law concerning civilian destination of licensed members of the armed forces. Lastly, he requested financial assistance for the youth to enter military academies. During his entire career in the Senate, he served thrice as Vice President of the Senate of Spain (1901–1902, 1905–1907, 1910–1911). Meanwhile, from 1907 to 1910, he served as Director-general of the Carabineros, as well as Sub-minister (Undersecretary) of War.

Paragraph 7: None of the Ghostbusters noticed until Slimer showed them pictures of Janine in their photo album. They demonstrated her startling changes over the years with a hologram projector. The demon had used ectoplasmic energy to alter Janine's cellular and bone structure. When Janine leaves the firehouse to meet the demon alone, the Ghostbusters send Slimer to go after her. In the car, Egon tells the others, just as he's realizing how much Janine means to him, now he could lose her forever. In the climax of the episode, Janine turns into a "makeoverus lotsabucks" with powers similar to those of her "fairy godmother" (allowing her to change her own appearance at will). She lashes out at Egon when he comes to her rescue, blaming him for hardly ever acknowledging her affection for him. Egon defeats the demon's hold over Janine by confessing his love for her (the NOW and Marvel UK comics ignore these changes). Egon's confession proves sincere (and is not just a way of defeating the demon) since he and Janine are later seen sitting on a bench together, watching the sunrise. It is here Egon puts his arm around Janine and asks her out on a date.

Paragraph 8: Returning to America, the Fiddler, as he called himself, made his first stop at Keystone City. While the Fiddler managed to humiliate the Flash (Jay Garrick) the first time they met, Flash was able to foil his plan, which involved replacing Maestro Bowin, a violin virtuoso, who was actually the Fiddler's twin brother. The physical similarity between the brothers (who had been separated at birth) also led to Bowin briefly being suspected of the Fiddler's crimes. The Fiddler captured his brother and Flash, but they escaped and the Fiddler apparently committed suicide by diving into a river. As is the case more often than not, the Fiddler survived his plunge into the river and returned to battle the Flash again a few months later. The villain refined his appearance, shaving his dark locks and donning the powdered white wig that became his trademark for the remainder of his life. After the Flash thwarts a petty theft and arrests most of his gang, the Fiddler followed the hero at a distance but was in time to piece together a quarrel between Flash and Joan Williams. The exchange, with Joan annoyed at the time Flash's life took him away from home, inspired the Fiddler to undermine the hero. Using local criminals, the Fiddler arranged for "common citizens" (really members of his gang) to demonstrate that the Flash was not needed. As the Flash arrived always just in time to see the "citizens" route the criminals, he was advised to rest, relax or take a vacation. Eventually, the tricks took their toll and the Flash announced his retirement. As soon as he had supposedly departed, the Fiddler instigated a reign of terror across Keystone, staging almost daily robberies. One evening, Joan was particularly regretful of her admonition of the Flash and took it upon herself to resolve the situation. Using mirrors to blur her form and give her the illusion of speed, she donned a spare uniform and took up pursuit of the Fiddler. While the athletic Joan was quite capable of dealing with ordinary thugs, she was no match for a master criminal such as the Fiddler. To the criminal's astonishment, The Flash appeared to be a woman. Nonetheless, the Fiddler resolved to dispose of her and tied her to the trellis of a nearby train track. As the train bore down on her bound form, the genuine Flash quickly rescued her and bore down on the Fiddler. Not to be easily taken, the Fiddler dove between the ties, falling to his presumed death.

Paragraph 9: The first storm of the season formed early on July 22 about  east of the island of Barbados and gradually strengthened into a hurricane a day later. At 00:00 UTC on July 24, the hurricane made landfall at Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico, with winds of . Weakening as it crossed Puerto Rico, the cyclone quickly regained strength on July 25 as it moved through the Bahamas; rapidly reaching maximum sustained winds of , it attained the equivalence of Category 4 intensity—one of only four Atlantic hurricanes to have done so in or before the month of July. After peaking at  with an estimated central pressure of . With such high pressure, it was the least intense Category 4 Atlantic hurricane on record. Based on ship observations, the cyclone struck the island of New Providence, the seat of the Bahamian capital Nassau, on the morning of July 26, with sustained winds of . Weakening thereafter, the storm moved northwestward, paralleling the east coast of Florida, but came ashore near New Smyrna Beach early on July 28 with winds of . Thereafter, the cyclone quickly diminished in intensity, becoming a tropical depression on July 29, as it curved west-northwestward over Georgia; three days later, it became an extratropical cyclone and dissipated over Ontario, Canada, on August 2.

Paragraph 10: Following Connor receiving Delia's corneas, Chloe began to become more attached to him. Unbeknownst to Chelsea and Kevin, Chloe's attachment becomes unhealthy, especially when Kevin finds that Chloe included photographs of Connor in Delia's baby scrapbook. While Billy goes to grief counseling, Chloe refuses and says she is handling her grief from Delia's death by herself. When it is revealed that Chelsea's husband Adam in fact struck Delia with his car that night and is later presumed dead, Chloe becomes increasingly angry with Chelsea and goes so far as blaming her for Delia's death. Afterward, Chloe breaks down at a fundraiser event for a foundation in Delia's name and goes into Chelsea's home (who had initially planned on moving to Paris with Adam and Connor), takes Connor and Chelsea's passport and poses as her at the airport, where she intends on flying to Paris with Connor and starting a new life. Chelsea and Kevin meet Chloe and Connor in Paris, where she comes to terms with what she's done. Back in Genoa City, Chloe is arrested for kidnapping and is given the choice of psychiatric inpatient or outpatient treatment. Wanting outpatient treatment, she has to be placed under a conservatorship, and not wanting it to be under Esther, Kevin proposes to her and they abruptly marry again. Not considering their reunion to be genuine, Chloe refuses to consummate her marriage with Kevin, hurting him. Despite Chelsea and Chloe making up, she is offended when Chelsea registers a restraining order against her, keeping her away from Connor. They later appear to make up, but Chloe still harbors anger for her and tears up one of the dresses Chelsea designed for a Jabot fashion shoot. Despite receiving treatment, Chloe decides that she wants another child to replace Delia, however not fathered by Kevin but by Billy. She asks Billy for his sperm so she can be inseminated and become pregnant, but he immediately refuses and alerts Chelsea, Kevin and her other loved ones. While they plan an intervention, Chloe goes to the sperm bank at the hospital and is able to steal a specimen of sperm that Billy donated when he was trying to get pregnant with his wife, Victoria. She is blindsided by what her loved ones propose, which is getting treatment from a psychiatric facility. Kevin also accepted that he can't give Chloe the help she needs and Chloe accepts that she needs help. She chooses a facility in California, the night before leaving, she and Kevin make love one last time. She leaves town soon after, having had heartfelt goodbyes with her friends and family. However, she reveals that she still has Billy's sperm in her bag before leaving town. Soon after, Kevin sends her flowers, but she refuses them, and asks that Kevin not visit her, devastating him.

Paragraph 11: At Louder Than the Music, Jono Davies said this "is a great album from Josh Wilson, musically creative, the tracks blend well to make the album flow, yet at the same time the songs don't sound the same. Musically Josh is a very talented guitarist, and on the songwriting front Josh excels as well with great story telling". Davies wrote "if you're looking for an album to get ready for the upcoming summer, this album should be given an opportunity to make it into your collection." Allmusic's Jared Johnson said that "Josh Wilson builds on the momentum of his prior efforts on See You, offering enough upbeat, inspirational, contemporary pop to fully deserve that mythical label of 'crossover appeal.'" At CCM Magazine, Grace S. Aspinwall said that "he ties it all together with a rich and colorful vocal, which sounds more polished and controlled than on his previous efforts. He has the makings of a hit after hit-man". Jesus Freak Hideout's Jason Rooks said the album "reflects Wilson's progression as an artist and allows him to shine through with his unique vocal delivery, real life songwriting, and as an impressive musician".  Rooks ended by saying the album "could springboard Wilson to the next level and will be on many must-have lists for 2011." Cross Rhythms' Simon Eden said "this is radio friendly American pop rock in the vein of Steven Curtis Chapman, so it shouldn't surprise you that Josh is currently (September 2011) Stephen's support act." Eden said "but overall this is well crafted, if rather generic, Nashville CCM." Alt Rock Live's Cameron Bartlett found that "by far, the best yet of any of Josh Wilson’s amazing albums. These songs are motivating, thought provoking, honest and bold, all in areas where music needs to be and often lacks in doing so." At Christian Broadcasting Network, Hannah Goodwyn said the album is "reminiscent of CCM newcomer, American Idol alum Jason Castro. That said, Wilson, who already has two, tried-and-true projects on the market, does fairly well on this new record."  She finished by saying the album "is a worthy album, though it does lack a bit of the uniqueness CCM radio needs." Samantha Schuamberg of Jesus Freak Hideout said the album "fails to show distinguished progression in further developing a unique style. Hopefully this will not be the case with future releases. In the meantime, fans not looking for change will be quite happy with See You." Alpha Omega News' Tom Frigoli called this "an album of discovery" that Josh Wilson "really lets listeners in on his hopes and fears throughout the album, and the honest, heartfelt lyrics are truly refreshing", and this creates "an inspiring, encouraging album filled with catchy melodies."

Paragraph 12: Livy's account of the struggles of Gaius Licinius and Lucius Sextius and their legislation on the consulship has been analysed by T.J. Cornell. He thinks that very little of Livy's narrative can be accepted. However, its institutional changes are "reasonably certain." He argues that the significance of the law on the consulship is unclear and its background is "extremely puzzling" due to obscurity around the military tribunes with consular power. Livy wrote that they had been instituted because it was decided that in some years the consulship should be replaced by the consular tribunes (whose numbers varied from three to six), that this office would be open to plebeians and that it had been created as a concession to the plebeians who wanted access to the consulship. However, from 444 BC (the year of the first consular tribunes) to 401 BC there were only two plebeian consular tribunes (out of a total of 100).  For the 400-376 BC period, in 400, 399 and 396 BC the majority of these tribunes were plebeians (4, 5, and 5 out of 6, respectively) and in 379 BC there were three plebeians of six. This raises some questions. Why from 444 to 401 BC were there only two plebeians? Why, given the presence of plebeians in the subsequent period, which shows their eligibility to the highest office, was plebeian access to the consulship considered such a landmark for the political promotion of the plebeians? Why was there such resistance to this? The sources seem to see the law as a breakthrough not just because it provided access to the consulship, but because it required that one of the two consuls each year be a patrician. However, during one twelve-year period after the passage of the laws, from 355 to 343 BC, both consuls were patricians and the consulship became an unbroken line of shared office only after that.

Paragraph 13: The story is based on Hindu mythology. Ramba is a dancer in Indra's court. One day she descends to earth to see its beauty. She is enthralled by the riverside scenery in a country. She stays there for a long time and hence gets late for a dance performance in the court. Indra gets angry and curses her to become a statue near that river. Narada takes pity on Ramba and asks Indra to give a remedy. Indra agrees and says that Ramba can rejoin as court dance once she has suffered enough for her penance. In the meantime, an innocent young man, Yathabavishayan, who lives in a village near the river is fooled by his friends. They make him marry a donkey. After celebrations, they leave him. Yathabavishayan falls asleep. Narada arranges the statue (Ramba) to be placed near Yathabavishayan. When the young man gets up, he finds that he was sleeping at the foot of a statue of a woman. While he gets excited about it, the statue comes alive as a young woman. She falls in love with Yathabavishayan and takes him to heaven with her. One day, while in heaven, Yathabavishayan asks her to take him to Yama's Kingdom. He learns the secret of living without the fear of death. Yama finds now he has no work because people on earth has come to know the secret of staying alive. Yama makes inquiry and complaints to Indra that Ramba is responsible from bringing a human being to his (Yama's) Kingdom and taking him back to earth thus, revealing the secret of staying alive without death. Indra curses Ramba to become a ghost. Now Yathabavishayan could not see Ramba. He is mentally affected and wanders about. Ramba realiases that she cannot go back to Indra's court as dancer if she stays as a ghost. She asks Narada to advise her. He tells her a way out. As per that plan, she enters the body of Subashini, the princess of Kasi. The King, Kasi Rajan and his wife, Kasi Rani are baffled by the strange behaviour of the princess. They arrange for a witch doctor to cure her. During the witch doctor's rituals, the wandering Yathabavishayan gets there. Finding him, Ramba, within the body of the princess comes out and goes towards Yathabavishayan. Narada appears to her and advises her that she belongs to the heaven and therefore she should relinquish any love she has towards a human being. She accepts his advice. As she has relinquished her love for an earthly being her status is restored. She tells Yathabavishayan to marry Subashini, the princess. So, Yathabavishayan marries the princess and also inherits her father's Kingdom.

Paragraph 14: A hydraulic circuit is a system comprising an interconnected set of discrete components that transport liquid. The purpose of this system may be to control where fluid flows (as in a network of tubes of coolant in a thermodynamic system) or to control fluid pressure (as in hydraulic amplifiers). For example, hydraulic machinery uses hydraulic circuits (in which hydraulic fluid is pushed, under pressure, through hydraulic pumps, pipes, tubes, hoses, hydraulic motors, hydraulic cylinders, and so on) to move heavy loads. The approach of describing a fluid system in terms of discrete components is inspired by the success of electrical circuit theory. Just as electric circuit theory works when elements are discrete and linear, hydraulic circuit theory works best when the elements (passive components such as pipes or transmission lines or active components such as power packs or pumps) are discrete and linear. This usually means that hydraulic circuit analysis works best for long, thin tubes with discrete pumps, as found in chemical process flow systems or microscale devices.

Paragraph 15: In its early days, the natural ice surface of the old Aud supported hockey, with the first game seeing  Berlin trounce Brantford 7-3, in front of an audience of 2,000. Artificial ice was installed in 1927 and this was the home of the Waterloo Siskins, a team formed in 1937. The Kraut line also played at this facility. "It was home to me and it was a palace, as far as I was concerned," Milt Schmidt recalled in 2016. By the time of the Second World War however, when most young men were overseas, so the building was used primarily as a Big band era dance hall. Another factor in this change was that Silverwood Dairies, which had provided the refrigeration for the ice surface, moved to another location in 1938, ending the availability of inexpensive artificial ice. Afterwards, the city was without a large indoor ice surface until the new Aud was built.

Paragraph 16: Gul-e-Rana's father dies in a car accident, and consequently her rich uncle, takes Rana, her sister, and her mother under his wings. Rana's both Aunts hate her and warn her that all her uncle's money is for them. Meanwhile, Maria and Laila, daughters of Gul-e-Rana's aunts, are willing to do anything to marry Adeel who is the only son of Raana's uncle. Gul-e-Rana is very different from her cousins, as Rana exhibits the traits of a well-groomed and modest girl. Unlike Gul-e-Rana, her cousin Adeel is egotistic and narcissistic. To him, girls are merely a means of passing time and pleasure. He considers Gul-e-Rana perfect to marry as she wouldn’t have a say in his personal life and tries every way to trick her but she pays no heed. Meanwhile, Zafri, Rana's cousin is interested in her and wants to marry her to ensure that Maria and Adeel can marry without any hurdles. One night, Adeel misbehaves with Rana. She slaps him hard on his face.  Adeel knits a sinister plan i.e. the very next morning he apologises to Raana and ask for her forgiveness for his last night's misbehaviour. That afternoon he picks Raana from college and lies that her mother is very ill and is admitted in the hospital. He takes Raana to a faraway deserted house, arranges for a Maulvi and his friends help to organize a Nikaah, leaving her with a choice to choose between him and her honour. She decides to marry Adeel but vows to get revenge. Rana's mother finds out about their 'supposed love' and is shell-shocked. Eventually, Adeel and Rana get married while everybody assumes that they love each other; Adeel and Rana torture each other. Rana disobeys and ignores everything Adeel tells her in order to show him where he stands in her life. Adeel suspects that something is going on between Gul-e-Rana and Ashar (Rana's cousin) while Rana just sees Ashar as a friend. Adeel goes to Islamabad. Then Adeel brings Rana to Islamabad with him by lying to his father that he wants Rana to take care of him while he is sick. Adeel and Rana continue to play Tom and Jerry with each other. Adeel's friend Mona comes to stay with them. Adeel enters her room at night, grabs her arm and tries to force himself on her. Gul-e-Rana hears Mona's protests and walks into the room, Adeel runs out embarrassed and guilty at being caught.

Paragraph 17: May 13, 14, 15, 16, 1929 – While the St. Valentine's Day Massacre outrage was still brewing around the nation for many gangsters, mobsters from across the nation got together in Atlantic City, New Jersey, at the Hotel President, for the  Atlantic City Conference, the first of its kind, to attempt to construct a national "crime syndicate", or so-called, "crime corporation", aka "The Commission". To ensure that things went smoothly, Atlantic City political boss and racketeer Enoch "Nucky" Johnson paid off law enforcement. The purported attendees at the conference besides Johnson were future Murder, Inc., boss Albert Anastasia (Umberto Anastasia), New York City bootlegger and numbers racketeer Dutch Schultz (Arthur Flegenheimer), another head of Murder, Inc., Louis "Lepke" Buchhalter, future head of the Genovese crime family Frank Costello (Francesco Castiglia), Genovese boss Lucky Luciano" (Salvatore Luciana), Prohibition bootlegger and Murder Inc.-associate Abner "Longy" Zwillman, bootlegger, racketeer and future "Mr. Las Vegas" Morris "Moe" Dalitz, Genovese family member Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel (Benjamin Siegelbaum), Kansas City, Missouri, political boss Tom Pendergast, who had just helped launch future President Harry S. Truman's political career seven years earlier, and Al Capone. Capone brought with him to the conference Daily Racing Form owner Moses L. "Moe" Annenberg and Capone accountant and political "fixer" Jake Guzik. Former Chicago gang mastermind Johnny Torrio was there from New York, as he had instigated "The Commission" in the first place. The conference was called for to work toward a united front among the nation's organized crime leaders while removing the "old" mafia and bringing in the "new" mafia, cooperation during Prohibition and gambling concerns. While a "14-point peace plan" was the result of the conference, "Capone the man" also became a hot topic for discussion at the conference, because the other racketeers understood that despite payoffs to local authorities, the Feds would only take so much of what was going on in Chicago gangland before they would find a way to deal with it, and that treatment of Capone by the Feds might spill over onto other organized crime-controlled cities. Jealousy concerning Capone's "success" seemed to find its way into the conference: with their eyes on the Chicago turf war, which by the time of the conference was finished for good, the other organized crime bosses demanded that Capone "immediately dismantle" his gambling empire and give it to "The Commission". However, Capone "adamantly refused to be forced into that humiliation". The crime bosses also had the audacity to install deadly Capone-opponent Joey Aiello as the Unione Siciliane's Chicago branch president, which didn't last long.

Paragraph 18: Marine Midland was founded as Marine Bank, a state-chartered bank, on July 10, 1850, with capital of $170,000. It was founded by eight men from across New York—General James S. Wadsworth of Geneseo, J. P. Beekman of Kinderhook, New York, John Arnot of Elmira, John Magee and Constant Cook of Bath, William R. Gwinn of Medina, and George Palmer and James M. Ganson of Buffalo. Both Palmer and Wadsworth had railroad connections. The two had financial interests in and served as directors of the Attica and Hornell Railroad, while Palmer had links also with the Buffalo and State Line Railroad. Palmer was elected president and Ganson was named cashier.

Paragraph 19: In the 2008–09 season, Onuoha made his UEFA Cup debut, starting and playing the whole game, in a 2–0 win over EB/Streymur in the first leg of the UEFA Cup Qualifying Round. However, the start of the 2008–09 season saw Onuoha sidelined, who suffered a knee injury while on international duty. It wasn't until on 20 October 2008 when he made his return from injury, coming on as a substitute for Micah Richards in the 58th minute, in a 2–2 draw against Newcastle United. Soon after, Onuoha found himself in the substitute bench for the next two months. But after City's 3–0 defeat to Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup, he started every single game until the end of the season, forming an effective partnership with Richard Dunne in the centre of defence. He then scored his first goal of the season in the first leg of the UEFA Cup Round, in a 2–2 draw against Copenhagen and helped the side go through to the next round after winning 2–1 in the second leg. Two months later on 19 April 2009, Onuoha scored his second goal of the season, in a 4–2 win over West Brom. Two weeks later on 2 May 2009, he set up the club's opening goal of the game, in a 3–1 win over Blackburn Rovers. For his performance, he was named Manchester City's Thomas Cook Player of the Month on two occasions for March and May. At the end of the 2008–09 season, Onuoha went on to make thirty appearances and scoring two times in all competitions. Following this, Onuoha agreed to a new five-year deal with Manchester City on 29 July 2009. During the 2008–09 season, he said about the club's new ownership, saying: "The takeover was a shock in itself, it was insane. Out of nowhere, we were getting called the richest club in football. It was a shock not just to the players, but the whole football world, it was such a big statement at that time."

Paragraph 20: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. Col. Jones distinguished himself as the pilot of an A-1H Skyraider aircraft near Dong Hoi, North Vietnam. On that day, as the on-scene commander in the attempted rescue of a downed U.S. pilot, Col. Jones' aircraft was repeatedly hit by heavy and accurate antiaircraft fire. On one of his low passes, Col. Jones felt an explosion beneath his aircraft and his cockpit rapidly filled with smoke. With complete disregard of the possibility that his aircraft might still be burning, he unhesitatingly continued his search for the downed pilot. On this pass, he sighted the survivor and a multiple-barrel gun position firing at him from near the top of a karst formation. He could not attack the gun position on that pass for fear he would endanger the downed pilot. Leaving himself exposed to the gun position, Col. Jones attacked the position with cannon and rocket fire on 2 successive passes. On his second pass, the aircraft was hit with multiple rounds of automatic weapons fire. One round impacted the Yankee Extraction System rocket mounted directly behind the headrest, igniting the rocket. His aircraft was observed to burst into flames in the center fuselage section, with flames engulfing the cockpit area. He pulled the extraction handle, jettisoning the canopy. The influx of fresh air made the fire burn with greater intensity for a few moments, but since the rocket motor had already burned, the extraction system did not pull Col. Jones from the aircraft. Despite searing pains from severe burns sustained on his arms, hands, neck, shoulders, and face, Col. Jones pulled his aircraft into a climb and attempted to transmit the location of the downed pilot and the enemy gun position to the other aircraft in the area. His calls were blocked by other aircraft transmissions repeatedly directing him to bail out and within seconds his transmitters were disabled and he could receive only on 1 channel. Completely disregarding his injuries, he elected to fly his crippled aircraft back to his base and pass on essential information for the rescue rather than bail out. Col. Jones successfully landed his heavily damaged aircraft and passed the information to a debriefing officer while on the operating table. As a result of his heroic actions and complete disregard for his personal safety, the downed pilot was rescued later in the day. Col. Jones' profound concern for his fellow man at the risk of his life, above and beyond the call of duty, are in keeping with the highest traditions of the U.S. Air Force and reflect great credit upon himself and the Armed Forces of his country.

Paragraph 21: Several well-known figures in filibusterism were also Freemasons and this organization played a major role within the hierarchy of the filibusters. Narciso López and José Gonzales of the Cuban expedition were both Freemasons. Other Freemasons who took part in filibustering came from Louisiana and were involved with the 1810 incursion into West Florida. Later in 1836 Freemasons were involved in the Texas Revolution. These included Stephen F. Austin, Mirabeau Buonaparte Lamar, and David Crockett among others. Freemasons from New Orleans had helped in planning the conquest of Texas. Several lodges were an important element of the filibusters, contributing many men to the cause of expansionism. Part of the Masonic emphasis was that members should support their country's freedoms. During the period when Narciso López was planning his expedition to Cuba the Havana Club, founded in 1848 by Cuban Freemasons, had endorsed the idea of inviting a filibuster expedition to Cuba in order to overthrow the colonial Spanish and free the island. The flag that López and others designed for their expedition had masonic emblems built into it. These included representations of the Mason's triangular apron. The Star of Texas was included to represent the five points of the fellowship of the Masons. This flag was adopted as the Cuban national flag fifty-two years after López's failed adventure. Other filibustering Freemasons of note included Chatham Roberdeau Wheat and Theodore O'Hara the poet. They came from an extensive network of lodges in the Southern U.S. such as Soloman's Lodge No. 20 in Jacksonville and Marion Lodge No. 19 in Ocala. The reach of the Masons was wide and helpful. On arriving at John Hardee Dilworth's estate, Jose Gonzales used Freemasonry symbols, which prevented him from being arrested as Dilworth was also a Mason and had been told by presidential order to arrest Gonzales.

Paragraph 22: An early pioneer in the area was William Franklin Smith, who herded sheep from the Sherwood area of Irion County to the Pecos River and camped at Pecos in the spring of 1886. Smith made several trips to Pecos County and eventually relocated permanently to Sheffield in 1912. The first settler was John Cannon, who arrived in 1888 and purchased a tract along the Pecos River. A post office was established in 1898, with Will Sheffield as its first postmaster. Around 1900, a small settlement sprang up on land adjoining the Cannon ranch owned by Mr. Sheffield, and the town became known as Sheffield. Most other settlers were ranchers who established their own homesteads. However, a few of the early pioneers were later reputed to be outlaws seeking a refuge far from the reach of the law. Black Jack Ketchum, later a notorious outlaw wanted in several states, was among these, spending time in the area in the 1890s. The town prospered in the early 1900s as a supply point and social center for surrounding ranchers. Sheffield became a small stop on the transcontinental route known as the Old Spanish Trail beginning in the 1920s. One of the local motels there was the OST Courts (The old sign for this establishment was still in place in 2015). The discovery of oil in the Trans-Pecos region during the 1920s radically altered the local economy. Sheffield became a stopping point for traveling motorists when the Old Spanish Trail  was developed through West Texas. The route later became U.S. Highway 290. Sheffield grew slowly, from an estimated 124 inhabitants in 1925 to 350 by 1949. Natural gas production was introduced in 1971. Although the community was bypassed by Interstate 10, Sheffield continued to support several stores and businesses throughout the latter half of the 20th century. In 2000, Sheffield was home to an estimated 600 inhabitants and 15 businesses.

Paragraph 23: Msgr. Libert Boeynaems, SS.CC., Bishop of the Titular See of Zeugma and Vicar Apostolic of the Hawaiian Islands, acquired the land on dry, rocky volcanic slope of Kaimuki for a church in 1901.  Meanwhile, the Sisters of the Sacred Hearts acquired a lot just west of the church lot and in 1909 had their convent and their school (Academy of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary) blessed.  By 1917, Kaimuki was developed and the convent chapel, dedicated under the title of Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque was open to the public for Sunday worship.  A church was needed and the Vicar Apostolic instructed Father Athanasius Bous, SS.CC., to initiate work on building a new church for Kaimuki, securing the services of architect, R. A. Fishbourne.  A Romanesque cruciform structure was completed in 1929 and was solemnly dedicated on February 10, 1929, by Msgr. Stephen Peter Alencastre, SS.CC., Bishop of the Titular See of Arabissus and the (final) Vicar Apostolic of the Hawaiian Islands.  The church was furnished with stained glass windows and two bells from Brussels.  Statues, altars, pulpit and vestments were donated by parishioners.  With the installation of a pipe organ, the church was complete.

Paragraph 24: As well as criticism, Scott wrote plays, including The Vicarage, The Cape Mail, Anne Mié, Odette, and The Great Divorce Case. He wrote several English adaptations of Victorien Sardou's plays, some of which were written in collaboration with B. C. Stephenson, such as Nos intimes (as Peril) and Dora (1878, as Diplomacy). The latter was described by the theatrical paper The Era as "the great dramatic hit of the season". It also played with success at Wallack's Theatre in New York. Scott and Stephenson also wrote an English version of Halévy and Meilhac's libretto for Lecocq's operetta Le Petit Duc (1878). Their adaptation so pleased the composer that he volunteered to write some new music for the English production. For all these, Scott adopted the pen name "Saville Rowe" (after Savile Row) to match Stephenson's pseudonym, "Bolton Rowe", another Mayfair street. The pieces with Stephenson were produced by the Bancrofts, the producers of T. W. Robertson's plays, which Scott admired. He also wrote accounts of holiday tours around the British Isles and abroad, becoming known for his florid style. Scott's travels also inspired his creative writing. Some sources say that after a tour of New Zealand, he wrote the tune to the "Swiss Cradle Song", later adapted as "Now Is the Hour" and as "Haere Ra", the Māori farewell song, which white New Zealanders "mistakenly thought [to be] an old Maori folksong". It is also used for the hymn "Search Me, O God", with lyrics by J. Edwin Orr. However, an Australian family has long claimed that the "Clement Scott" who wrote the tune is a pseudonym for a family member.

Paragraph 25: In 1952, Lowy left Israel and joined his family, who had left Europe for Australia and started a business delivering small goods. In 1953, he met fellow immigrant John Saunders. The pair became business partners, eventually creating Westfield Development Corporation through the development of a shopping centre at Blacktown in Sydney's western suburbs. Over the next 30 years, Lowy and Saunders developed shopping centres across Australia and the United States (from 1977); and listed the company on the Australian Stock Exchange in 1960 as Westfield Development Corporation. Saunders sold his interests and left the company in 1987. In the 1990s Lowy took the company to New Zealand, then the United Kingdom in the 2000s.

Paragraph 26: The Fulɓe of Fouta Djallonke spearheaded the expansion of Islam in the region. Fulɓe Muslim scholars developed indigenous literature using the Arabic alphabet. Known as Ajamiyya, this literary achievement is represented by such great poet-theologians as , Tierno Saadu Dalen, Tierno Aliou Boubha Ndyan, Tierno Jaawo Pellel etc. In its heyday, it was said that Fuuta-Jaloo was a magnet of learning, attracting students from Kankan to the Gambia, and featuring Jakhanke clerics at Tuba as well as Fulɓe teachers. It acted as the nerve centre for trading caravans heading in every direction. The more enterprising commercial lineages, of whatever ethnic origin, established colonies in the Futanke hills and along the principal routes. It served their interests to send their sons to Futanke schools, to support the graduates who came out to teach, and in general to extend the vast pattern of influence that radiated from Futa Jalon.

Paragraph 27: Stanley E. Hubbard, founder of KSTP radio, was one of broadcasting's foremost pioneers. In June 1939, he purchased one of the first television cameras available from RCA and began experimenting with television, but the television blackout brought on by World War II prevented any transmissions from being made. The first telecast by KSTP-TV reportedly occurred on December 7, 1947, when Jack Horner hosted a 25-minute program. On April 27, 1948, KSTP-TV signed on as the first commercial television station in Minnesota, although an experimental mechanical television station had been set up by WDGY station engineers more than a decade earlier. That station's license expired in 1938 as the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) was not interested in continuing mechanical TV broadcasts.

Paragraph 28: When Neighbours first began, Number 22 was initially empty. In 1986, the house is rented out by Clive Gibbons (Geoff Paine), who rented it from an unseen landlord. During his time there, Clive invites Daphne Lawrence (Elaine Smith), Zoe Davis (Ally Fowler) and Mike Young (Guy Pearce) to move in with him. Clive later begins a relationship with Susan Cole (Gloria Ajenstat) and he invites her to move in. Susan leaves Ramsay Street and Clive moves into a flat behind his surgery. Following Clive's departure, the house is bought by Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis) for the Daniels Corporation, who want the land to build a supermarket on. The deal falls through and Paul moves in. When he marries Gail Lewis (Fiona Corke), the couple live there as man and wife until their divorce in 1989. Paul then rents the house to twins Caroline (Gillian Blakeney) and Christina Alessi (Gayle Blakeney). Paul later marries Christina and they live in the house with their son, Andrew (Shannon Holmes). In 1992, Caroline, Christina, Paul and Andrew leave. The house is then rented out to Benito (George Spartels) and Cathy Alessi (Elspeth Ballantyne), who move in with their sons, Marco (Felice Arena) and Rick (Dan Falzon). Marco left in late 1992. Benito and Cathy leave in 1993, causing Rick to move out.

Paragraph 29: From the Norwegian account Alexander III of Scotland sent an ambassador to Haakon IV of Norway, demanding that he give up the territories in the Hebrides, which Magnus III of Norway had unjustly wrested from Malcolm IV of Scotland. Haakon IV of Norway refused and then the ambassador offered to purchase the territory and this was also refused. In 1263, Haakon IV of Norway assembled an expeditionary force, declaring the expedition was intended against that part of Scotland which bordered the western seas, and the object was to revenge certain inroads made by the Scotch into his dominions. The expedition was commanded by Haakon IV of Norway in person. The armament is described as mighty and splendid; the ships being many, large, and well-appointed. When the expedition arrived at the island of Kerrera, it was joined by King Dugal, predecessor of the MacDougalls of Dunolly, with other Hebrideans. This increased the armament to one hundred vessels, for the most part large, and well provided with both men and arms. There the forces were divided, fifty ships being sent south to the Mull of Kintyre to plunder. Haakon IV of Norway then sailed south to Gigha, where he anchored, but soon after proceeded to the Mull of Kintyre. The Norwegians committed great depredations, both in the islands and on the mainland. The Scottish monarch, however, was not idle. He assembled his forces, and proceeded against the invaders. The two armies met at Largs, on the coast of Ayrshire, on October 2, 1263. The Norwegian army, although very large, could not all be brought into action, because a violent tempest arose, which prevented the greater part of the army from being brought ashore. In the Scottish army was a body of fifteen hundred horsemen, mounted on Spanish horses, armed, both horse and man, from head to heel, in complete mail. The foot soldiers were well-accoutered, and in addition to the long spears of the Saxons, they carried the Norman bow. This memorable engagement was commenced by the Scots. The right wing, composed of the men of Argyle, Lennox, Athole, and Galloway, was commanded by Alexander Stewart, 4th High Steward of Scotland, while Patrick III, Earl of Dunbar, commanded the left, composed of the men of Fife, Stirling, Berwick, and Lothian. The king, in person, commanded the center, which was composed of the men from Ross, Perth, Angus, Mar, Mearns, Moray, Inverness, and Caithness. Haco also commanded his center, which brought the kings close together in combat. The High Steward turned the enemy's left, and by an adroit maneuver wheeled back on the rear of Haakon IV of Norway's center, which forced Haakon to retreat from the field, leaving from sixteen to twenty-four thousand of his men on the field, while the Scottish loss did not exceed five thousand. Malise son of Gilleain, must have performed prodigies of valor in this action, for he has received honorable mention.

Paragraph 30: In 1985 ADC offices suffered a series of violent attacks. On August 16, a bomb exploded in the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee office in Boston, severely injuring two police officers. On October 29 an arson fire damaged the ADC office in Washington, D.C. On October 11, the day after the ending of the Achille Lauro incident where a Jewish American died,  Alex Odeh, ADC's west-coast regional director, was killed in a bombing as he opened the door to his office. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) suspected Jewish Defense League and Jewish Defense Organization members. Although Jewish Defense League leader Irv Rubin, who lived in Southern California, made some controversial statements about the bombing, the investigation focused on Robert Manning and his wife Rochelle who fled to Israel. They eventually were prosecuted on another bombing charge and Manning is serving a life sentence on that charge. In 2007, the FBI revealed they had received information from a deceased informant, believed to be former Jewish Defense League member Earl Krugel who had been sentenced to 20 years in federal prison for 2001 plots to bomb a Southern California mosque and office of U.S. Representative Darrell Issa, who is Arab-American. It is believed that Irv Rubin, who committed suicide in 2002 in custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons in Los Angeles while awaiting trial on the same charges, revealed to Krugel the names of those responsible for Odeh's death and that Krugel shared those with the FBI before he was murdered in prison in 2005. The bombers are believed to be Manning and two individuals now living in Israel. ADC continues to honor Odeh's memory and call for prosecution of his killers. The FBI has failed to arrest anyone in the Odeh bombing case.