Paragraph 1: Beverley sets up an appointment to tell him she knows the truth, but when she asks too many questions he realizes that she knows something. He goes behind her and sedates her with nitrous oxide. She finds herself duct taped to the dental chair and cries and begs him to let her go. He puts a mouth clamp in her mouth to keep it open and drills her bottom-right molar tooth to the raw nerve as a "lie detector" to find out who else she has told. If she lied, he would take a sharp plaque scraping hook and painfully force it into the nerve of the tooth he drilled, wiggling the tooth hard at the same time. He repeatedly jams the hook into the exposed nerve causing Beverly tremendous pain. Robbie comes to install some more drywall and rings the office door bell, leaving Alan no choice but to pause his torture session and answer the door. Robbie asks to come in and after Beverley screams Robbie goes rushing to check on her. Just as Robbie is about to rescue her, Feinstone attacks him from outside the doorway. In the ensuing fight, Alan kills Robbie with a hammer, turns back to Beverley and re-tapes her to the dental chair. He takes a pair of dental pliers and plays a game of "truth or tooth". He asks her what did she tell Jeremy about Washington but he doesn't believe her then pulls out her left front tooth, then he asks her what she did tell Jamie. He then attempts to pull her left incisor tooth out, but instead he breaks it by accident which angers Feinstone even more. Alan then painfully drills one of her bottom front teeth down to the nerve, and continues to drill so hard that the dental clamp holding her mouth slips out from the pressure he's applying. Then, out of a final act of desperation and what seems to be her only defense, she bites down hard on the drill causing it to lock up and jam inside her teeth. Infuriated, the mad dentist tells her he has a much better idea, and that he will cut the drill out of her mouth. She then screams, and the scene comes to a close.

Paragraph 2: After the disqualification to Renda, on 8 March, Booth's return came in a narrow points-loss to former British super welterweight champion Prince Arron, to which referee Phil Edwards scored 57–58 at the Bowlers Exhibition Centre in Manchester. After his narrow points loss to Arron, Booth secured himself a 17 May shot for the vacant English light-middleweight title against Navid Mansouri (11-1-1) at Ponds Forge Arena in Sheffield. Originally, Mansouri was scheduled to face Nathan Graham (14-5-1), however, that encounter was postponed due to an injury suffered by Graham, to which Booth stepped in at late notice as a replacement. Mansouri charged, but Booth was unfazed, using his jab and moving nicely. Booth did open up but Mansouri was very impressive in evading the shots. Just before the end of the first, Booth had success with a right hand which made Mansouri wince, with him returning to his corner in discomfort and concerned about his left eye. Booth obviously felt in control in the second-round; Booth did less than Mansouri but his work was more effective; Mansouri charged at Booth with mixed results. Mansouri rushed at Booth early in the third but found himself tied up. Much of the work was done at close quarters in this session and it was difficult to judge who had the upper hand. In the fourth, Booth offered some crisp work but spent time admiring his successes whilst the less-refined Mansouri chugged along. In the fifth, Mansouri landed some scoring punches early in the session, especially to the body, and Booth was much less comfortable having to put pressure on rather than react to it. Round six was another close round with both fighters beginning to look tired. Booth opened up with determination to start the seventh, and Mansouri boxed off the back foot again. Mansouri was still scoring sporadically to the body, though Booth was hunting him down but not taking full advantage of the positions he was getting himself into, throwing ones and twos rather than sustained combinations. Booth cracked in a hard right early in the eighth but rather than pouncing on Mansouri he took his time which might not have been the best strategy given that Mansouri did look a little tired. Mansouri's courage had shown as Booth asked him a question in the ninth, with the Rotherham man coming back with a nice right hand; Booth was invariably on the front foot but he just couldn't nail Mansouri down. Booth landed a nice left hook to begin the final round. Booth charged but Mansouri stopped him with a counter right hook. A left hook to the body landed from Booth but Mansouri characteristically gritted his teeth and fired back. Referee Terry O’Connor had to split the tiring pair several times as their admirable efforts became more scrappy. Booth landed a hard overhand right but the final bell came before he could seek any advantage from it. After ten entertaining rounds of boxing, judges Steve Gray, Mark Lyson, and Dave Parris scored the bout 94–98, 94–98, and 94–96 all in favour for Mansouri, who improved his spotless record to 12-1-1.

Paragraph 3: On the final weekend before the election, the Sudbury Star published an article headlined, "City misled public about manager's dismissal," alleging that Rodriguez and the incumbent council had deliberately lied to the public about the resignation of Alan Stephen, the former manager of the city's infrastructure and emergency services division, in 2006. The incident described in the article was one in which the city appeared to simply have followed its legal obligation to maintain confidentiality around matters involving employee relations. Still, the article disclosed that Stephen promoted friends within his department, locked the city into 10-year contracts that cost the city up to $1.2 million annually, and took a leadership role at the site of an incident in which he was not qualified to do so, promoting a Ministry of Labour investigation into whether firefighters' lives were put at risk. The newspaper subsequently faced criticism for its portrayal of the story and for publishing the story only after it would be too late for Rodriguez or any other member of the city's staff to respond ahead of election day; in an interview on CBC Northern Ontario's Points North following the election, Sudbury Star managing editor Brian MacLeod pointed out that Rodriguez had several days to respond, but offered no comment on the story. He stated that the paper had received the information in an anonymous brown envelope several days before the story went to print. The Ontario Provincial Police subsequently announced that they were conducting an investigation into the leak.

Paragraph 4: Nigel d'Aubigny was son of Roger d'Aubigny (of Saint-Martin-d'Aubigny) and with his brother William was an ardent supporter of Henry I. The brothers were rewarded with great estates in England. William was made king's butler, and was father of William d'Aubigny, 1st Earl of Arundel; Nigel was rewarded with marriage to the former the wife of the imprisoned Robert de Mowbray, and with the escheated Norman fief of her former husband, also being give a number of lands in England.  After a decade of childless marriage, he would divorce Matilda and remarry in 1118 to Gundred de Gournay (died 1155), daughter of Gerard de Gournay, lord of Gournay.  They had one son by that marriage, Roger, who would inherit from his father the Mowbray lands in Normandy and take the Mowbray surname.Roger, a great lord with a hundred knight's fees, was captured with King Stephen at the battle of Lincoln, joined the rebellion against Henry II (1173), founded abbeys, and went on crusade. His grandson William, a leader in the rising against King John, was one of the 25 barons of the Magna Carta, as was his brother Roger, and was captured fighting against Henry III at the rout of Lincoln (1217).

Paragraph 5: In 2005, Buehrle began the season with a 10–3 record, a 2.58 ERA and a 1.11 WHIP. On April 16, he finished a game against the Seattle Mariners in only 1 hour and 39 minutes, giving up only one run and three hits (all to Ichiro Suzuki), and backed by only two White Sox runs, both homers by Paul Konerko. In the game, he threw just 106 pitches. Subtracting the time spent between innings, the game took only  minutes to play. Buehrle was selected to the American League All-Star Team, and was named the starting pitcher after Roy Halladay could not to play due to a broken leg. He pitched two innings, allowing no runs and striking out three batters while earning a win. Buehrle's streak of 49 consecutive starts of six or more innings ended on August 1, 2005, after he was ejected for hitting Baltimore Orioles outfielder B. J. Surhoff. During the White Sox playoff run, Buehrle pitched a complete game against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in Game 2 of the ALCS, the first of four consecutive complete games for White Sox starters. On October 25, 2005, Buehrle became the first pitcher in World Series history to start and save consecutive games, earning a no-decision in Game 2 and his first career save in Game 3 of the 2005 World Series, which the Sox swept from the Houston Astros, winning their first world championship since 1917.

Paragraph 6: In 1952, Kuroya and his colleagues attempted to identify an infectious agent in human tissue samples at Tohoku University Hospital, Sendai, Japan. The samples were taken from the lung of a newborn child that was affected by fatal pneumonia. The primary isolate from the samples was passaged in mice and subsequently in embryonated eggs.  The isolated infectious agent was later called Sendai virus, which was used interchangeably with the name “Hemagglutinating Virus of Japan”. Kuroya and his colleagues were convinced that they isolated the virus, which is a new etiological agent for human respiratory infections. Later in 1954, Fukumi and his colleagues at the Japan National Institute of Health put forward an alternative explanation for the origin of the virus. It was suggested that the mice used to passage the virus were infected with the mouse virus. Thus, mouse virus was later transferred to embryonated eggs, isolated and finally named the Sendai virus. This explanation of Fukumi, pointing to the mouse rather than the human origin of the virus, has been supported by numerous scientific data later. The historical aspects of the Sendai virus isolation and controversy behind it are well described in the review. Thus, for some time, it was erroneously assumed that Sendai virus is human disease causing pathogen. The incorrect assumption that the virus was isolated from human infectious material is still reported by Encyclopædia Britannica and by ATCC in the description of the history of the viral isolate Sendai/52. It was also believed that the virus could cause disease not only in humans but also in pigs, because antibodies to the virus were often found in their organisms during the swine epidemic in Japan in 1953–1956. High incidence of seropositivity to the virus was observed in pigs in 15 districts of Japan.  An explanation was later found for this widespread detection of antibodies (see the section below). Yet, despite overwhelming evidence that indicate that SeV is host restrictive rodent pathogen, in some veterinary manuals. and safety leaflets, SeV is still listed as a virus that can cause disease in pigs. Similar information is provided by Encyclopædia Britannica. In reality, the multiple isolates of paramyxoviruses in pigs, using modern nucleic acid sequencing methods, have never been identified as SeV.

Paragraph 7: In April 1995, there was a celebration conference and performance in his honor called "Fiedlerfest" at the Center for the Arts at the State University of New York at Buffalo. Several famous writers such as Allen Ginsberg, Camille Paglia and Ishmael Reed paid homage to him and his works. Although some sources wrongly attribute different dates, the series of conferences took place at the Center for the Arts at the University of Buffalo from April 29 through April 30, 1995.  Considered one of the most influential figures in 20th century American cultural thought, Fiedler is the author of over 40 works, some of which have been used in many courses in American universities. The conference originated from an idea that Fiedler's friend and colleague Bruce Jackson had in 1994. The idea was that the University of Buffalo should do something to celebrate their best-known professor and literary critic while he was still alive. They asked Fiedler to name the key speakers of the conference and he selected three people he admired: Camille Paglia, Allen Ginsberg, and Ishmael Reed. The university funded the event, which also had the participation of a master Daejaeng player related to one of the Korean students in the English Department, who played in Fiedler's honor. The art theorist, feminist academic and critic Camille Paglia performed on Saturday night. On Sunday afternoon, at 4 pm, it was the turn of beatnik poet Allen Ginsberg to perform. Ginsberg was an old friend of Fiedler's and had written the poem "Uptown" about Fiedler's children after their arrival in New York, coming from Missoula, MT to start a band. He read his poems while playing a small hand-pumped harmonium from India. He was later followed by the Daejaeng performance. American poet, songwriter, novelist, playwright and essayist Ishmael Reed was the last to perform. The celebration culminated with a reception in the Center for the Arts Atrium at UB.  

Paragraph 8: The company started overnight operations on April 17, 1973, with fourteen Dassault Falcon 20s that connected twenty-five cities in the United States. Fred Smith's childhood friend, John Fry of Ardent Studios, sent Ardent partner Terry Manning to the Federal Express home office on Democrat Road near the Memphis Airport with the first package to be put into the system. That night, 186 packages were carried. Services included both overnight and two-day package and envelope delivery services, as well as Courier Pak. Federal Express began to market itself as "the freight service company with 550-mile-per-hour delivery trucks". However, the company began to experience financial difficulties, losing up to a million USD a month. While waiting for a flight home to Memphis from Chicago after being turned down for capital by General Dynamics, Smith impulsively hopped a flight to Las Vegas, where he won $27,000 playing blackjack. The winnings enabled the cash-strapped company to meet payroll the following Monday. "The $27,000 wasn't decisive, but it was an omen that things would get better", Smith says. In the end, he raised somewhere between $50 and $70 million, from twenty of the US's leading risk venture speculators, including such companies as the First National City Bank of New York and the Bank of America in California. At the time, Federal Express was the most highly financed new company in U.S. history, in terms of venture capital.

Paragraph 9:  11 February Running to Time, about the new InterCity 225; the National Express Coaches Rapide service; the project team of the Intercity 225, with project director Mike Rollin, and Mike Newman of GEC; the 225 train had to be delivered on 14 February 1988, with an operational life of thirty years; the InterCity 125 was not intended to have been primarily developed - in a board meeting, the commercial directors were not technologically knowledgeable of trains, and asked about alternatives, to be told by an engineering director that a 125mph diesel train could be developed in two years, so the HST began at that meeting; the British Rail APT-E prototype, powered by the Leyland 2S/350 gas turbine; in 1974 BR commissioned the APT-P, which had ten years of development, due to the active tilting suspension; the 225 train was possibly to enter service on the UK's only large electrified line, the West Coast Main Line, but the much-straighter and faster East Coast Main Line was being electrified, so BR decided to implement the 225 train on the ECML instead; Crewe railway station, which opened in 1837, and where trains were first built nearby in 1843; Steve Corfield, of Crewe Works; the unsprung mass of a train, and Cardan shafts; Roger Ford (journalist) of Modern Railways; John Prideaux, director of InterCity; David Carter of DCA in Warwick, who designed the livery; the Modernisation Plan was published in December 1954, which had advocated the electrification of the ECML, and the phasing-out of steam travel; the late-1980s ECML electrification had cost BR £350m - it was not government-funded, with 2,800 miles of copper wire, and 33,000 support masts, overseen by Don Heath; all of the improvements in the UK were on old lines of track, but France and Germany had built entire new electrified lines - the TGV was planned from the mid-1960s; G. Freeman Allen of Jane's World Railways; the 225 train underframe being built at Crewe Works; GEC Traction at Preston, Lancashire, Al Reed, the separately-excited (Armature Controlled DC Motor) brushed DC electric motor, and Gerald West; the right-angle gearboxes were built by David Brown Ltd and Voith of Heidenheim an der Brenz in southern Germany; Eric Black of Metro-Cammell in Washwood Heath; the ST41 bogies were made by SIG Combibloc Group of Neuhausen am Rheinfall in Switzerland. Narrated by Robin Ellis, produced by Patrick Uden, directed by Paul Fabricius, made by Uden Associates.

Paragraph 10: The German positions facing X Corps were of great strength: Thiepval itself formed a strongpoint on the crest of a ridge overlooking the British lines, while other strongpoints protected the German line with crossfire. The main bombardment was to extend over five days, U, V, W, X and Y, before the assault was launched on Z Day. The strenuous work of firing the heavy guns and howitzers was divided into 2-hour periods to allow the gunners to rest, Forward Observation Officers (FOOs) to be relieved, and the guns to cool. U Day was 24 June, but on several days the weather was too bad for good air or ground observation and the programme was extended by two days (Y1 and Y2). During the bombardment 76th Siege Bty concentrated on strongpoints and machine gun posts in and around Thiepval, including the chateau and Mouquet Farm ('Mucky Farm'). From X Day the intensity of the bombardment increased, with A and B guns firing 130 rounds each in 12 hours, and C and D 125 rounds each in 6 hours (the 9.2-inch howitzer was only designed to fire 6 rounds per hour). On Z Day (1 July, the First day on the Somme) the artillery programme began at 06.35. The infantry went 'over the top' at 07.30 and the heavy artillery bombardment proceeded through its planned phases, lifting from one objective to the next. However, in the words of 25th HAG's war diary, the attack was 'not very successful: Left Division (36th) gained objective, 32nd Division held up'. One brigade of 36th (Ulster) Division had swept through the German positions opposite, but the other was shot down in No man's land. 32nd Division had crept into No man's land under cover of the barrage and the men rushed the German front trenches, but were then cut down crossing the open ground. At 08.30 the 4th Phase bombardment was ordered to be repeated because the infantry were held up in front of Thiepval and could not reach their objective. The batteries continued firing on this line until 10.55 (incidentally blocking the planned advance of 36th (Ulster) Division's reserve brigade), when 76th Siege Bty was ordered to cease fire and the other batteries switched to shelling German strongpoints. 76th Siege Bty joined in a re-bombardment of the trenches at 12.15 and then a bombardment of Thiepval from 15.00, but it was too scattered to be effective and the advance could not be restarted, while counter-attacks drove the Ulstermen out of most of their gains.Edmonds, 1916, Vol I, pp. 299–300, 304–5, 394–421.Farrar-Hockley, pp. 124–6, 130–8.Penstone, pp. 20–2.

Paragraph 11: Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends received generally positive reviews from critics. On the review aggregator website Metacritic, the album has a weighted average score of 72 out of 100 based on 32 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic stated, "They demonstrate a focused concentration throughout this tight album – it's only 47 minutes yet covers more ground than X&Y and arguably A Rush of Blood to the Head – that turns Viva la Vida into something quietly satisfying." Chris Willman of Entertainment Weekly magazine rated the album "A−" and called it their best album, while Alexis Petridis of The Guardian, however, wrote a mixed review, explaining: "Viva la Vidas mild tinkering with the formula represents a failure of imagination: perhaps it's hard to think outside the box when the box is the size of the Las Vegas MGM Grand Garden Arena. Equally, however, there's a genuine conviction about its contents, a huge advance both on its predecessor and their legion of imitators." Will Hermes of Rolling Stone magazine wrote that "Coldplay's desire to unite fans around the world with an entertainment they can all relate to is the band's strength, and a worthy goal. But on Viva la Vida, a record that wants to make strong statements, it's also a weakness. Sometimes, to say what needs to be said, you need to risk pissing people off." Melodic magazine's critic Kaj Roth gave the album 4/5 and felt that "the typical Coldplay trademark is there too with beautiful atmospheric melodies that will embrace the heart". Spin magazine's critic Mikael Wood said in a positive review of the album, "For all of Coldplay's experimentation, though, there's no doubting that Viva la Vida, with its sturdy melodies and universal themes – think love, war and peace – is an album meant to connect with the masses (arenas have been built for less than the climax of "Death and All His Friends"). The band's triumph lies in how exciting they make that prospect seem". IGN gave the album 9.3/10, while Q said: "So some habits die hard, but on every other level Viva La Vida [...] is an emphatic success [...], radical in its own measured way but easy to embrace". Robert Christgau gave it a one-star honorable mention (), saying: "Applying all his powers, Chris Martin successfully dilutes Radiohead, with — what else? Pleasant results".

Paragraph 12: Landon was private secretary to the Governor of New South Wales William Lygon, 7th Earl Beauchamp, 1900. In 1898 he and Beauchamp had holidayed in Paris. In 1903 he was special correspondent of the Daily Mail at the Delhi Durbar, in China, in Japan and in Siberia; in 1903–1904 he was special correspondent of The Times on the British military expedition to Lhasa, Tibet; in 1905–1906 he was special correspondent of The Times for the Prince of Wales' visit to India; and after that he was in Persia, India, and Nepal, 1908; Russian Turkestan 1909; Egypt and Sudan 1910; on the North Eastern Frontier of India and at the Delhi Durbar, 1911; in Mesopotamia and Syria, 1912; in Scandinavia and behind the British and French lines in 1914–1915; behind the Italian lines and to the Vatican in 1917 (the war and Vatican visits with Kipling); at the Paris Peace Conference, 1919; in Constantinople, 1920; in India, Mesopotamia, Syria, and Palestine 1921; on the Prince of Wales' tour of India and Japan, 1921–1922; in China and North America 1922; at the Peace Conference in Lausanne, 1923; in China, Nepal and Egypt 1924; and in China in 1925 (source except where noted: Who Was Who).

Paragraph 13: The Asian PGA was formed in July 1994 at a meeting in Hong Kong attended by PGA representatives from eight countries. The first season of the APGA Omega Tour, as it was known for sponsorship reasons, was played in 1995 and within a few years it had supplanted the existing tour in the region, the Asia Golf Circuit that was run by the Asia Pacific Golf Confederation, as the leading golf tour in Asia outside of Japan. In 1998 the Asian Tour became the sixth member of the International Federation of PGA Tours. Under a new sponsorship deal, between 1999 and 2003 the tour was known as the Davidoff Tour, before adopting its current name in 2004.

Paragraph 14: Various sources mention its use by some Native Americans people to elect a new leader. This story appears to originate from an anecdote told by John Josselyn in his 1674 “ An Account of Two Voyages to New-England”. It is noteworthy that Josselyn's "Account of Two Voyages" have been met with skepticism since their first publication.“The English in New-England take white Hellebore, which operates as fairly with them, as with the Indians, who steeping of it in water sometime, give it to young lads gathered together a purpose to drink, if it come up they force them to drink again their vomit, (which they save in a Birchen-dish) till it stayes with them, & he that gets the victory of it is made Captain of the other lads for that year.“   The anecdote entered medical literature 161 years afterward, when retold by Osgood C. in an 1835 paper on Veratrum viride. While quoting Josselyn, Osgood introduces a political connotation (election of their chiefs/entitled to command the rest) which is unclear in the original version. " Its use in the election of their chiefs, is noticed by Joselin, an early visiter to this country, who calls it “ white hellebore.” According to this writer, that individual whose on the Veratrum Viride. stomach was least susceptible to its deleterious effects, was regarded as the “ strongest of the party, and entitled to command the rest.”

Paragraph 15: In a February 2022 court motion related to Sussmann's prosecution, Durham alleged that Sussmann associate Rodney Joffe and his associates had "exploited" capabilities his company had through a pending cybersecurity contract with the Executive Office of the President (EOP) to acquire nonpublic government Domain Name System (DNS) and other data traffic "for the purpose of gathering derogatory information about Donald Trump." Joffe was not charged and his attorney did not immediately comment. After Sussmann's September 2021 indictment, The New York Times reported that in addition to analyzing suspicious communications involving a Trump server, Sussmann and analysts he worked with became aware of data from a YotaPhone — a Russian-made smartphone rarely used in the United States — that had accessed networks serving the White House, Trump Tower and a Michigan hospital company, Spectrum Health. Like the Alfa-Bank server, a Spectrum Health server also communicated with the Trump Organization server. Sussmann notified CIA counterintelligence of the findings in February 2017, but it was not known if they were investigated. Durham alleged in his February 2022 court motion that Sussmann had claimed his information "demonstrated that Trump and/or his associates were using supposedly rare, Russian-made wireless phones in the vicinity of the White House and other locations," but Durham said he found no evidence to support that. Sussmann's attorneys  responded that Durham knew Sussman had not made such a claim to the CIA. Durham alleged Sussmann's data showed a Russian phone provider connection involving the EOP "during the Obama administration and years before Trump took office." Attorneys for an analyst who examined the YotaPhone data said researchers were investigating malware in the White House; a spokesman for Joffe said his client had lawful access under a contract to analyze White House DNS data for potential security threats. The spokesman asserted Joffe's work was in response to hacks of the EOP in 2015 and of the DNC in 2016, as well as YotaPhone queries in proximity to the EOP and the Trump campaign, that raised "serious and legitimate national security concerns about Russian attempts to infiltrate the 2016 election" that was shared with the CIA. Durham asserted that Sussmann bringing his information to the CIA was part of a broader effort to raise the intelligence community's suspicions of Trump's connections to Russia shortly after he took office. Durham did not allege that any eavesdropping of Trump communications content occurred, nor did he assert the Clinton campaign was involved or that the alleged DNS monitoring activity was unlawful or occurred after Trump took office.

Paragraph 16: But no sooner was Luther dead than did the internal, as well as the external, peace of the Lutheran Church decline. It was a misfortune not only for Melanchthon but for the whole Lutheran body, that he who had formerly stood as a teacher by the side Luther, the original leader, was now forced suddenly into the position to head not only the University of Wittenberg but the entire Evangelical Church of Germany. There was among Luther's associates, notably Nikolaus von Amsdorf, a disinclination to accept Melanchthon's leadership. When, in the negotiations between German Protestants and Catholics that resulted in the Augsburg Interim and Leipzig Interim, Melanchthon showed himself ready to yield and make concessions on matters adiaphora, he ruined his position with a large part of the Evangelical theologians. An opposition party was formed in which the leadership was assumed by Flacius in view of his learning, controversial ability, and inflexible firmness. Melanchthon, on the other hand, with his faithful followers Joachim Camerarius, Georg Major, Justus Menius, Johann Pfeffinger, Paul Eber, Caspar Cruciger the Elder, Victorinus Strigel, and others saw in the self-styled genuine Lutherans nothing but a narrow and contentious class, which, ignoring the inherent teaching of Luther, sought to domineer over the church by letter and name, and in addition to assert its own ambitious self. On the other hand, the Philippists regarded themselves as the faithful guardians of learning over against the alleged "barbarism," and as the mean between the extremes. The genuine Lutherans also claimed to be representatives of the pure doctrine, defenders of orthodoxy, and heirs of the spirit of Martin Luther. Personal, political, and ecclesiastical animosities widened the breach; such as the rivalry between the Ernestine branch of the Saxon house (now extruded from the electoral dignity) and the Albertine branch; the jealousy between the new Ernestine University of Jena and the electoral universities of Wittenberg and Leipzig, in both of which the Philippists had the majority; and the bitter personal antagonism felt at Wittenberg for Flacius, who assailed his former teachers harshly and made all reconciliation impossible.

Paragraph 17: The tour took an intimate and organic approach, focusing on Jackson's musicality and showmanship in dedication to her fans. Each segment focuses on a different theme based on the song's lyrical content. The show began with a video introduction of Jackson explaining its concept. After this, a music video of the individual song dedicated to the current city is shown. She enters from the back of the audience flaunting a "scythe-edged" haircut in a grey catsuit to perform opening number "The Pleasure Principle", moving throughout the venue's centerpiece while interacting with the crowd. Upon reaching the stage, she performed "Control", "What Have You Done for Me Lately", and "Feedback" before transitioning to "You Want This" and "Alright", replicating each song's signature dance moves. A film reel of highlights from Jackson's acting career was played during a brief interlude, including scenes from Good Times, Poetic Justice, The Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, and Why Did I Get Married Too?. She reappeared in a diamond-encrusted lavender gown and sat on a stool in center stage to perform several unplugged ballads. The set began with "Nothing" and "Come Back to Me" before closing with "Let's Wait Awhile" and "Again", briefly pausing to allow the audience to sing several verses in their entirety. "Janet's Image", a second video montage consisting of Jackson's most iconic photographs is shown before she returned in a sleeveless black vest. The third set focused on upbeat love songs, beginning with "Doesn't Really Matter" and leading into "Love Will Never Do (Without You)", "When I Think of You", and "All for You." After a slight pause, she sang "That's the Way Love Goes." The band played an instrumental version of "What About" during a costume break. Upon emerging, Jackson segued through a rock-influenced portion in a black jacket, performing "Black Cat" and "If", emulating its music video's iconic choreography. The set closed with "Scream" and "Rhythm Nation." Following a final intermission, Jackson and her dancers reappeared in matching white outfits for the show's encore. Her then-most recent number one hit "Make Me" lead the set. followed by the show's finale, "Together Again." Throughout the song, childhood images of her with Michael Jackson appeared on screens in tribute to his death. The show ended with Jackson speaking to the crowd and waving goodbye as she exits the stage. "All Nite (Don't Stop)", "Runaway", "Call on Me", "I Get Lonely", "Diamonds", "The Best Things in Life Are Free", "Throb", "Go Deep" and "When We Oooo" were performed on selected dates.

Paragraph 18: On 10 June, massive news was announced at Sheffield Wednesday Football Club. Rumours of the club's ownership being taken-over by Azerbaijani businessman Hafiz Mammadov was confirmed. This saw the ownership of the club pass from Chairman Milan Mandarić, who had owned the club since 2010, in which he saved the club from administration, cleared the club from the majority of its debts, invested into the team to gain promotion to the Football League Championship in the 2011–12 season and has since stabilised the club in the Championship. Milan Mandarić can be classed as a legend at the club, due to saving the Owls from potential extinction and climbing the English football league ladder. Milan Mandarić had this to say: "I am delighted to have concluded a deal with Hafiz, he is a true football man and I have no doubt whatsoever that I am handing over control to someone with a real passion for the game and the ability to carry on the work I started three years ago to return Sheffield Wednesday back to the top division of English football. It's something that the wonderful supporters of this Club deserve having remained so loyal throughout the difficult times prior to my arrival. On my first day at the Club I promised the supporters two things; firstly I would ensure that when I left we would be in far better shape than when I arrived and more importantly, that I would only hand over ownership when I found the right man for the Club and I sincerely believe I have delivered on both undertakings". Meanwhile, Hafiz Mammadov is a successful businessman whom owns Baghlan Group (a company that specialises in oil, gas, construction and transportation), and also owns Azerbaijan football club Baku FC and French team RC Lens, along with having shares in La Liga champions Atlético Madrid and F.C. Porto. Mammadov is known to have a quieter, more private approach with his work and is thought to have bought the club for around €50 million. Hafiz Mammadov had this to say: "I am a passionate football fan with enormous respect for English football. I have been looking at investing in England for some time but I was determined to find the right Club. I am hugely ambitious and feel the Owls match my passion and desire for success and represent our motto of Azerbaijan Land of Fire. I promise the supporters I will work extremely hard to bring the success everyone so rightly craves." On 9 July, rumours occurred across the internet that Sheffield Wednesday owner to be, Hafiz Mammadov, had been arrested by police in his home country of Azerbaijan. Mammadov is still yet to have clarified and confirmed the takeover with the Football League and has still yet to make payments to the French football league on behalf of his other ownership of RC Lens. Lens have had their promotion to Ligue 1 suspended because of this. However, just after 5pm that day and Hafiz Mammadov released a statement saying: "Certain unfounded rumours have been spread in the press over my supposed arrest and imprisonment in Azerbaijan, which I obviously strongly deny, and which was immediately denied by State Border Guards. It seems today that false and malicious speculation over my situation is being used with the aim to create confusion and doubt over my financial holdings and commitments. There are no grounds for the allegations made by the press, and I will take all necessary legal actions against whoever has initiated these false rumours with the aim to harm my family and me". This statement would have been of grate relief to the fans of Sheffield Wednesday.

Paragraph 19: In 1903, a controversy arose that would eventually lead to a significant event in the evolution of academic freedom in U.S. higher education.  This series of events is known as the "Bassett Affair."  Popular professor John Spencer Bassett published an article in the South Atlantic Quarterly entitled "Stirring Up the Fires of Race Antipathy" in October 1903.  In the article, he spoke about improving race relations and gave praise to numerous African Americans.  Near the end of the article, he wrote "...Booker T. Washington [is] the greatest man, save General Lee, born in the South in a hundred years..." This led to an outpouring of anger from powerful Democratic party leaders as well as the media and public.  Many demanded that Bassett be fired and encouraged parents to take their children out of the university. Resulting from immense public pressure, Bassett offered his resignation if the Board of Trustees requested that he do so.  The Board of Trustees then held a meeting to decide the fate of Bassett.  In the end, they voted 18-7 not to accept the resignation citing academic freedom.  In their decision, they wrote, "We are particularly unwilling to lend ourselves to any tendency to destroy or limit academic liberty, a tendency which has, within recent years, manifested itself in some conspicuous instances, and which has created a feeling of uneasiness for the welfare of American colleges [...] We cannot lend countenance to the degrading notion that professors in American colleges have not an equal liberty of thought and speech with all other Americans." In 1905, President Theodore Roosevelt commended Trinity and Bassett's courageous stand for academic freedom while speaking to the university.  He told the school, "You stand for Academic Freedom, for the right of private judgment, for a duty more incumbent upon the scholar than upon any other man, to tell the truth as he sees it, to claim for himself and to give to others the largest liberty in seeking after the truth."

Paragraph 20: A 2015 meta-analysis found that, although a longer period of abstinence was associated with smaller magnitudes of impairment, both retrospective and prospective memory were impaired in cannabis users. The authors concluded that some, but not all, of the deficits associated with cannabis use were reversible. A 2012 meta-analysis found that deficits in most domains of cognition persisted beyond the acute period of intoxication, but was not evident in studies where subjects were abstinent for more than 25 days. Few high quality studies have been performed on the long-term effects of cannabis on cognition, and the results were generally inconsistent. Furthermore, effect sizes of significant findings were generally small. One review concluded that, although most cognitive faculties were unimpaired by cannabis use, residual deficits occurred in executive functions. Impairments in executive functioning are most consistently found in older populations, which may reflect heavier cannabis exposure, or developmental effects associated with adolescent cannabis use. One review found three prospective cohort studies that examined the relationship between self-reported cannabis use and intelligence quotient (IQ). The study following the largest number of heavy cannabis users reported that IQ declined between ages 7–13 and age 38. Poorer school performance and increased incidence of leaving school early were both associated with cannabis use, although a causal relationship was not established. Cannabis users demonstrated increased activity in task-related brain regions, consistent with reduced processing efficiency.

Paragraph 21: NASA launched Mercury-Atlas 9, designated Faith 7 and scheduled for a 22-orbit mission, from Cape Canaveral at 8:04 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time (EDT), with astronaut L. Gordon Cooper as the pilot. This was the last mission of the Mercury program. Cooper entered the Mercury spacecraft at 5:33 a.m. the morning of May 15, and it was announced over Mercury Control by Lt. Colonel John A. Powers that "barring unforeseen technical difficulties the launch would take place at 8:00 a.m. e.d.t." Cooper reported that he took a brief nap while awaiting the launch. The countdown progressed without incident until T-11 minutes and 30 seconds when some difficulty developed in the guidance equipment and a brief hold was called. Later, a momentary hold was called at T-19 seconds to determine whether the systems went into automatic sequencing, which occurred as planned. The liftoff was excellent, and visual tracking could be made for about 2 minutes through a cloudless sky. The weather was considerably clearer than on the day before. The Faith 7 flight sequencing - booster engine cut off, escape tower jettison, sustainer engine cut off - operated perfectly and the spacecraft was inserted into orbit at 8:09 a.m. EDT at a speed that was described as almost unbelievably correct. The perigee of the flight was about 100.2 statute miles, the apogee was 165.9, and Faith 7 attained a maximum orbital speed of . During the early part of the flight, Cooper was busily engaged in adjusting his suit and cabin temperatures, which were announced as  and , respectively, well within the tolerable range. By the second orbit, temperature conditions were quite comfortable, so much so, in fact, that the astronaut took a short nap. During the third orbit, Cooper deployed the flashing light experiment successfully and reported that he was able to see the flashing beacon on the night side of the fourth orbit. Thus, Cooper became the first human to launch a satellite (the beacon) while in orbital flight.

Paragraph 22: Easley was the fourth overall pick of the 1981 NFL Draft, selected by the Seattle Seahawks. He became an immediate starter as a rookie in 1981, recording three interceptions for 155 yards and one touchdown, earning him AFC Defensive Rookie of the Year honors. In 1983, the Seahawks hired former Buffalo Bills coach Chuck Knox as their head coach and Easley immediately became the "backbone" of Knox's defense. In his first season playing for Knox, Easley won the AFC Defensive Player of the Year Award and recorded seven interceptions. In 1984, Easley led the NFL in interceptions with ten, which tied a club record. He returned two of them for touchdowns and was named as the NFL Defensive Player of the Year, the first safety awarded since Dick Anderson in 1973. In 1984, during a 45–0 win over the Kansas City Chiefs in the Kingdome on November 4, the Seahawks returned four interceptions for touchdowns, including one caught by Easley, breaking the record for most touchdowns scored from an interception in a game. He also took over the role of the team's main punt returner when Paul Johns got injured earlier in the season.

Paragraph 23: A woman accompanied by two dogs, one red, the other black, both with a human appearance, came down from the northwest and passing through the Flinders Ranges site of  Buðajerta ('snow country'), namely Mount Patawerta, they began to kill and eat any human they met. Word spread quickly of the imminent threat and people fled from their path. As the cannibal woman drew near to the game-rich and well-watered  camping grounds at Karuna, the Ganjamata hill people  decided to make a stand and try to kill the intruders. To this end they chose two warriors, Kudnu, the jew lizard, and Wulkinara his brother, to face the trio.  Armed with boomerangs, they set a trap near the woman and her dogs, with Wulkinara suggesting to Kudnu that he take up position in a tree, and, on sighting the woman and her hounds, make some noise to draw their attention his way, while he, Wulkinara would lay in ambush in scrub nearby. At first the dogs failed to hear the noise, but, on his brother's insistent whisper  that he yell out more audibly, Kudnu managed  to inveigle the red dog to leap up into the tree, and, just as he did, Wulkinara swung the boomerang in his right hand and, flying truly, it sliced that dog in two.  Kudnu then shouted again, and the black dog charged his hide-out, which Wulkinara also managed also  to cut it in half, throwing the other boomerang  in his left hand. They then killed the cannibalistic woman and burnt her.  The blood spilled by the slaughtered dogs left two deposits: that of the red dog became the invaluable  red ochre deposit at Parachilna Gorge, harvested by the Ngadjuri also for its medicinal properties.  The black dog's blood formed a wad of the same colour, which was used both in smearing the bodies of youths during their initiation and in dancing performances.

Paragraph 24: Sales in the beginning were slow because people wrongly assumed that The Sowetan had only news from Soweto. It was in fact a countrywide newspaper from the beginning and was distributed in the Transvaal, Natal, Orange Free State, with copies also going to Port Elizabeth and Cape Town. Due to the poor sales and high costs, the Port Elizabeth and Cape Town distribution was stopped after a few years. It took nearly two years before it was accepted and sales started soaring. Percy Qoboza was the editor at the time but was soon replaced by Joe Latakgomo. Latagomo started as a sports editor in 1967. Later Latakgomo left and joined The Star, after receiving death threats, and was replaced by Aggrey Klaaste, who was editor from 1988 to 2002.

Paragraph 25: The Imperial Japanese Navy in World War II, at the beginning of the Pacific War in December 1941, was the third most powerful navy in the world, and the naval air service was one of the most potent air forces in the world. During the first six months of the war, the Imperial Japanese Navy enjoyed spectacular success inflicting heavy defeats on Allied forces, being undefeated in every battle. The attack on Pearl Harbor crippled the battleships of the US Pacific Fleet, while Allied navies were devastated during Japan's conquest of Southeast Asia. Japanese Navy aircraft operating from land bases were also responsible for the sinkings of HMS Prince of Wales and HMS Repulse which was the first time that capital ships were sunk by aerial attack while underway. In April 1942, the Indian Ocean raid drove the Royal Navy from South East Asia. After these successes, the Japanese now concentrated on the elimination and neutralization of strategic points from where the Allies could launch counteroffensives against Japan's conquests. However, at Coral Sea the Japanese were forced to abandon their attempts to isolate Australia while the defeat at Midway saw them forced on the defensive. The campaign in the Solomon Islands, in which the Japanese lost the war of attrition, was the most decisive; they had failed to commit enough forces in sufficient time.

Paragraph 26: Football first made its way onto the Iowa State campus in 1878 as a recreational sport, but it wasn't until 1892 that an organized group of athletes first represented Iowa State in football. In 1894, college president William M. Beardshear spearheaded the foundation of an athletic association to officially sanction Iowa State football teams. The 1894 team finished with a 6–1 mark, including a 16–8 victory over what is now the University of Iowa. One of the pioneers of football, Pop Warner, spent time at Iowa State early in his career. In 1895 despite already being the coach at Georgia he was offered $25 per week to come to Iowa State, whose season started in mid-August while Georgia's started a month later, as well as to provide weekly advice during the rest of the season. Soon after Warner left for Georgia, Iowa State had its first game of the season. Iowa State came into Evanston as the underdog Iowa State then defeated Northwestern 36–0. A Chicago sportswriter called the team "cornfed giants from Iowa" while the Chicago Tribune'''s headline read, "Struck by a Cyclone". Since then, Iowa State teams have been known as the Cyclones. Overall, the team had three wins and three losses and, like Georgia, Iowa State retained Warner for the next season. In 1896 the team had eight wins and two losses. Despite leaving Cornell in 1898, Warner remained as the head coach of Iowa State for another year. During his last three years at Iowa State the team had a winning season but Warner was unable to match his 1896 triumph. After playing at Iowa and then serving as an assistant coach for two years, Clyde Williams came to Ames as an assistant coach for ISU. Williams served as the Cyclones' head football coach for six seasons from 1907 to 1912. During that time, he had a coaching record of 32–15–2. This ranks him fifth at Iowa State in total wins and fourth at Iowa State in winning percentage. In addition, he led Iowa State to two Missouri Valley Conference football titles in 1911 and 1912, which are the only two conference football championships in school history. In addition to his football contributions Williams was the school's first men's basketball coach from 1908 to 1911, where he compiled a 20–29 record. He also served as Iowa State's baseball coach, and was their athletic director from 1914 to 1919. In 1914 Iowa State completed construction of their new football field and it was named Clyde Williams Field in honor of the former coach. Williams was inducted into the State of Iowa Hall of Fame in 1956.  He is also one of the few people inducted into both the University of Iowa Athletics Hall of Fame (inducted 1993) and the Iowa State athletics Hall of Fame (inducted 1997). The success Iowa State found in the inception of their football program was not replicated for most of the mid-20th century. In 1922 after having two different head coaches in as many years, ISU hired up-and-comer Sam Willaman away from East Technical HS in Cleveland, OH.  When Willaman came to Iowa state, he brought with him six of his former East Tech players, including Jack Trice.  Trice was the first African-American player at Iowa State, and one of the first African-Americans to play football in the Midwest.  Trice suffered a severe malicious injury during a game at Minnesota in 1923, and died from complications.  In 1997, Iowa State's Cyclone Stadium was renamed Jack Trice Stadium in his honor, becoming the first and as of 2020, the only, major college football stadium to be named for a black man. In his first season, Willaman's team finished with a 2–6 record, but posted a winning record in each of the three years that followed. His career coaching record at Iowa state was 14–15–3.  This ranks him 16th in total wins and 13th in winning percentage in Iowa State football history.

Paragraph 27: Lauren and Patty are surrounded by colorful supporting characters. Their friends Marshall Blechtman (John Femia) and Johnny "Slash" Ulasewicz (Merritt Butrick) are a pair of lovable geeks. Marshall is a motormouthed would-be comedian, while Johnny is a soft-spoken new wave fan (not punk... "a totally different head... totally.") Though seemingly off in his own reality most of the time, Johnny Slash states that he "[does not] do drugs and isn't a hippie" and on more than one occasion displays unexpected intuition and empathy, particularly regarding Marshall and the girls. The two help to maintain a school radio station. Several episodes indicate that Marshall is attracted to Lauren and Johnny to Patty.

Paragraph 28: The building was originally constructed in 1875 in Domestic Gothic Revival style by Henry Horsey and J. Sheard, architects. The first occupant was J.H. Plummer, the new Ottawa manager of the Bank of Commerce. Two years later, Télesphore Fournier, a Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada, moved in with his family. It was bought by Auditor General of the Dominion’s Currency Frederick Toller in 1882. His family owned it until 1912 when it was bought by cabinet minister Louis-Philippe Brodeur who owned it until 1931. The house was owned by a group of nuns who used it as a residence and school until 1968. It was then rented out to students from the nearby University of Ottawa.  

Paragraph 29: Pitts Sanborn (1879–1941), was born John Pitts Sanborn in Port Huron, Michigan. He dropped the "John" for most of his professional career. After graduating Harvard in 1900, he established himself as a music critic, writing for the New York Globe, New York Mail and finally New York World-Telegram. As a poet he was published in Trend, for which he served as an editorial staffer beginning in 1914. As a novelist, his 1929 novel Prima Donna was called by one New York Times critic “an amazing achievement; nothing quite like it has been done in this country before.” He went on to put Sanborn in the same league with Willa Cather, Edith Wharton and Thornton Wilder. Sanborn was remarked upon as one of the great originals of 1920s-1930s culture. Sanborn's wealth of connections in intellectual and cultural circles included Van Wyck Brooks, Rosa Ponselle, Mark Van Doren and Llewelyn Jones. His friendship with Wallace Stevens (whom he met at Harvard) included a great influence upon Stevens’ interest in music and thus his poetry. He was a good friend and sometimes lover of Carl Van Vechten, who he convinced to assume editorship of Trend. He was also a radio commentator for the Philadelphia Orchestra. Sanborn died at 61 of an apparent heart attack in his Greenwich Village apartment a few hours after he had attended a performance at the Metropolitan Opera House. He had just completed the first paragraph of his review.

Paragraph 30: Uracil DNA glycosylases remove uracil from DNA, which can arise either by spontaneous deamination of cytosine or by the misincorporation of dU opposite dA during DNA replication.  The prototypical member of this family is E. coli UDG, which was among the first glycosylases discovered.  Four different uracil-DNA glycosylase activities have been identified in mammalian cells, including UNG, SMUG1, TDG, and MBD4.  They vary in substrate specificity and subcellular localization.  SMUG1 prefers single-stranded DNA as substrate, but also removes U from double-stranded DNA.  In addition to unmodified uracil, SMUG1 can excise 5-hydroxyuracil, 5-hydroxymethyluracil and 5-formyluracil bearing an oxidized group at ring C5.  TDG and MBD4 are strictly specific for double-stranded DNA.  TDG can remove thymine glycol when present opposite guanine, as well as derivatives of U with modifications at carbon 5.  Current evidence suggests that, in human cells, TDG and SMUG1 are the major enzymes responsible for the repair of the U:G mispairs caused by spontaneous cytosine deamination, whereas uracil arising in DNA through dU misincorporation is mainly dealt with by UNG.  MBD4 is thought to correct T:G mismatches that arise from deamination of 5-methylcytosine to thymine in CpG sites.  MBD4 mutant mice develop normally and do not show increased cancer susceptibility or reduced survival. But they acquire more C T mutations at CpG sequences in epithelial cells of the small intestine.