Paragraph 1: Shallow subsurface (open) cratering explosions such as Sedan or Chagan release a great deal of steam and pulverized rock along with approximately 20% of the device's fission products into the atmosphere. Although the vast majority of this fallout was deposited in the general area of the test, it also produced a small but measurable radioactive plume, which in Chagan's case was detected over Japan and initially prompted complaints from the US that the Soviets were violating the provisions of the October 1963 Limited Test Ban Treaty, which banned atmospheric tests and any vented (or "open") subsurface detonation which caused "radioactive debris to be present outside the territorial limits of the State under whose jurisdiction or control such explosion is conducted".

Paragraph 2: As the trees became established and were approximately 20 feet high all side shoots up to six feet were removed. This process called brashing ensured easy access, less risk of fire and the first six feet of the tree had a reduced knotty core. The next stage after brashing was pre-thinning this process was carried out after 15 to 16 years. It involved the removal of diseased trees. Larger trees known as wolves were also removed as they suppressed their smaller and straighter more valuable neighbours. Thinning began when the trees were 18 to 20 years old, coinciding with the start of World War 2. At this time there was much debate about how the work would be carried out. It was decided that racks or access ways 18 to 20 feet in width would be cut and then dividing the compartments into blocks covering 5 acres. Next, two rows of trees were removed to create a rack some 10 feet wide. The thinnings were graded and the straighter poles used as pit props in the coal industry. Other thinnings had a wide range of uses including fencing posts, pea poles in gardens and into netting stakes for the local rabbit warrens. Curved or irregular shaped cuttings was sold as firewood. In 1946, a central processing depot was established at Brandon to process poles into pit-props destined for the East Midlands coalfields.  Large amounts of waste material was generated and this attracted a secondary industry of charcoal burning. As the forest matured the quantity of the thinnings increased with the disposal of them continued to be a problem. By 1950, demand from the National Coal Board for the timber decreased and the commission had to find new outlets, these included many of the smaller poles being cut up and converted into wallboard and some 60 tons of pine transported each week to a wood wool factory in Manchester. Large numbers of thinnings were taken to the Commission's own creosote plant at Santon Downham which was established in 1958 before closing in 1970. As the forest matured the size of the material being removed increased and clear felling of mature areas began with felled timber being sold directly to timber merchants. By the mid 1960s chainsaws had been introduced and by the early 1980s specially adapted tractors and trailers known as forwarders came into widespread operation. With the arrival of the harvester in 1991 full mechanization had reached the forest. Some 2500 trees were being extracted each day producing 180,000 cubic metres of timber annually by 1997. Much of this is sold to local saw mills and used in the building industry with the remainder producing fence posts, pallets and pit props.

Paragraph 3: In 2010 and 2011 participated in Cuando me enamoro soap opera with Silvia Navarro and Juan Soler. In 2012-13 he's back in soap opera, Qué bonito amor, plays the part Fernando Beltran "El Mil Amores" with Danna García, Jorge Salinas, Pablo Montero, Juan Ferrara, Victor Norigea, Malliany Marin and Karla Alvarez, among others. In 2013 it makes a special participation in the soap opera La tempestad with William Levy, Ximena Navarrete, Nora Salinas and Maria Sorte. In 2014 co-starring in his first comedic soap opera Qué pobres tan ricos, which gives life to Nepomuceno, a comic character who is far from his previous characters in his melodramas. This time he shares credit beside Zuria Vega, Jaime Camil, Manuel "Flaco" Ibáñez, Sylvia Pasquel, Mark Tacher and Ingrid Martz. Later he participated in the soap opera La malquerida with Victoria Ruffo, Christian Meier and Ariadne Diaz.

Paragraph 4: Bhutto was born on 29 May 1982 to Murtaza Bhutto and an Afghan mother, Fauzia Fasihudin Bhutto, the daughter of Afghanistan's former foreign affairs official in Kabul. Her father was in exile during the military regime of general Zia-ul-Haq. Her parents divorced when she was three years old and her father took Bhutto with him moving from country to country and she grew up effectively stateless. Her father met Ghinwa Bhutto, a Lebanese ballet teacher in 1989 during his exile in Syria and they married. Bhutto considers Ghinwa as her real mother. Her half-brother Zulfikar Ali Bhutto Jr. is an artist based in San Francisco.

Paragraph 5: The FCC had allocated educational frequencies to Bismarck, Minot, Williston and Dickinson in the 1960s. While KFME was picked up on cable in Bismarck in the early 1970s, most of the western part of the state was one of the few areas of the country without educational programming. It would be 1977 before the state legislature granted Prairie Public funding to build a statewide public television network. KBME in Bismarck was established in 1979, bringing over-the-air public television to the western portion of the state for the first time. KSRE in Minot followed suit in 1980 and KDSE in 1982. Prairie Public purchased the Fargo American Life Building in 1983 and moved its studios there in 1984. In 1989 KFME and cable feeds went to a 24-hour television broadcast schedule. The Prairie Satellite Network distance education state network, with 70 sites, was completed in 1994. Later, KWSE in Williston signed on in 1983, and KJRE in Ellendale/Jamestown signed on in 1992.

Paragraph 6: It is a common but erroneous belief that the then British Chief of the Imperial General Staff (CIGS), Sir William Slim, himself a field marshal (and later Governor-General of Australia), resisted Menzies' recommendation for Blamey's promotion, on the grounds that Dominion generals could not be made field marshals. At the time the CIGS was the final authority in the then British Commonwealth for such promotions. The various statutes and declarations from the Balfour doctrine of 1926 meant that it was Australia's decision. Slim was never consulted on the matter. As early as the Report of the Inter-Imperial Relations Committee of the Imperial Conference 1926: "It is the right of the Government of each Dominion to advise the Crown on all matters relating to its own affairs. Consequently, it would not be in accordance with constitutional practice for advice to be tendered to His Majesty by His Majesty's Government ... [on a Dominion matter] against the views of the Government of that Dominion". Sir William Slim was not the arbiter of such promotions even in the United Kingdom as promotion to field marshal is a Royal appointment. The concerns came from the palace as there was a concern that other retired officers might lobby for a field marshal's baton. Menzies wanted the King to sign off on the promotion so that Blamey would count not just as an Australian field marshal but a British one too. Canberra thought that the opposition was based on Blamey's dominion status and Menzies pointed out that Field Marshal Jan Smuts was a Dominion general. Sir Alan Lascelles countered by saying (untruthfully) that Blamey was a retired officer, and retired officers could not be promoted to field marshal. Menzies got around this restriction by recalling Blamey from retirement. Blamey was, at the time of his promotion, seriously ill and mostly bed-ridden in the Heidelberg Repatriation Hospital. He was promoted to field marshal in the King's Birthday Honours of 8 June 1950, and was presented with his field marshal's baton at a ceremony held in the hospital's sun room by the then Governor-General, Sir William McKell. Field Marshal Blamey died after a long illness on 27 May 1951.

Paragraph 7: Born in Puerto Rico and raised in Miami, Teo Castellanos is an actor/writer/director who works in theater, film and television. Teo received his B.F.A. in Theater from Florida Atlantic University under a full scholarship where he studied with four time Tony Award winner Zoe Caldwell.  He is author of War, Revolution, and the Projects, a one-man trilogy, which he has toured on the East Coast, as well as his one-man show NE 2nd Avenue based on Miami characters, which was commissioned and produced by Miami Light Project as part of their 2001-2002 Contemporary Performance Series and went on to be produced by Coconut Grove Playhouse in Miami. Teo Castellanos’ NE 2nd Avenue was awarded the International Cultural Exchange Grant by Miami-Dade County Cultural Affairs, which allowed Teo to bring it to the 2003 Edinburgh Fringe Festival where it won the Fringe First Award, the most prestigious theater award of the festival (past winners include Emma Thompson, Rowan Atkinson and Danny Hoch).  It was also nominated for a South Florida Carbonell Award for Best New Work and was awarded Best Solo Performance by Miami New Times, and Best Original Play by Miami Beach Sun Post and has toured throughout the U.S and Europe.  City Link Magazine also awarded Teo Playwright of the Year 2006. Teo has lectured and taught theater workshops at Temple University, University of Massachusetts, Saint Michaels College, Santa Fe College, University of South Florida, Florida Memorial University and Miami- Dade College as well as throughout several states and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Teo is currently director of RAP (Rites And Passages) a men’s prison theater/drumming program at ArtSpring, and Executive Producer of Miami Project Hip Hop (MPH), an annual event produced by Miami Light Project that honors Hip Hop roots and aesthetics.  He is co-coach of the Tigertail Productions Spoken Word Team that competes annually at Brave New Voices, a national competition produced by Youth Speaks. Teo is the recipient of the State of Florida Individual Artist Fellowship 2005.  He is a former member of the men of color theater collective, The Hittite Empire, based in Los Angeles, with which he has toured in the U.S. and England. He also toured Cuba as part of the Parece Blanca cast, a theater production that brought together for the first time in history Cuban artists in exile to work with artists living on the island to form a unified cast. He is a member of The Screen Actors Guild and is Associate Member of Society of Stage Directors and Choreographers, and is represented in Europe by Universal Arts. His big screen work includes acting opposite John Leguizamo in the 2005 film Empire. Teo is also a Mime & Movement instructor at Mater Academy Charter High.

Paragraph 8: In 1917, the main issue facing the nation was conscription. In Alberta, where support for conscription was high, the incumbent Liberal government of Arthur Sifton decided to break with federal Liberal leader Wilfrid Laurier and support Conservative Prime Minister Robert Borden's efforts to form a coalition government.  The two major parties both supported conscription, but growing labour and farmer activism, and the entry of women into politics, both as voters and candidates, made the election exciting enough that 30,000 more votes were cast than in the previous election (although they were nothing like the high numbers that would be cast in the 1921 election).

Paragraph 9: In 36 BC, Gan Yanshou and Chen Tang led a force of 40,000 against the Xiongnu led by Zhizhi Chanyu, who had built a fortress capital in Kangju (around modern Taraz). Gan Yanshou, Imperial Han Protector of the Western Regions, did not care about Zhizhi, but his subordinate commander, Chen Tang, forged an imperial edict to mobilize some 40,000 troops against the Chanyu. They reached Wusun territory and then advanced on Kangju. Several thousand Kangju attacked them as they were settling in and took their supplies. When the Kangju attacked again, the Han army was ready, driving them off with crossbows, killing 400 Kangju soldiers, and recovering their supplies. Some 400 Wusun slaves, a large contingent of Sogdians, and Kangju nobles sick of the Xiongnu joined the Han army. Upon reaching Zhizhi's fortress, the army started constructing a fortified camp, but the Xiongnu sallied out with several hundred armoured cavalry and a supporting infantry force in a formation that looked like fish scales. The Xiongnu forces were defeated by Han crossbowmen and fled back into the fort. That night the Xiongnu tried to escape and in the process lost many men to the besieging crossbowmen. The next day, the Han forces tried to take the fortress by a frontal attack under cover of shields and crossbowmen but failed to burn the gate and were forced retreated. Chen then decided to fully encircle the city with a walled palisade. Xiongnu defenders throwing incendiaries and shooting arrows on the fortress walls were swept away by crossbowmen who rained bolts on them until they fled. Zhizhi and the Xiongnu tried to flee again in the night but were intercepted by Sogdian soldiers who alerted the Han army. Zhizhi was forced to turn back and re-enter the fortress. In the morning, Chinese archers shot incendiary arrows into the fort and started large fires. Zhizhi retreated into the inner citadel. A Kangju relief force made several attacks on the Han position at night, delaying the inevitable assault and allowing the defenders to repair their walls. However they failed to prevent the Han army from building a rampart to the top of the walls. When the Han army attacked, the city fell with ease and Zhizhi Chanyu was stabbed to death. His children and concubines were among 1,518 people executed. More than 1,000 were made slaves and 145 men were taken as prisoners. During this battle, an infantry unit on the Kangju side used a formation described as having the appearance of fish scales, which has caused speculation that they were Roman legionnaires captured at Carrhae. Evidence is inconclusive.

Paragraph 10: In February 2022 Shortall, who is the Social Democrats' spokesperson for Health, introduced a bill in the Dáil to stop the practice of the HSE sending debt collectors to cancer patients in search of payment. The Bill also seeks an end to an inpatient charge of €80 per visit for chemo and radiotherapy, and also seeks to end extortionate parking fees. The government choose not to oppose the bill. Shortall opined that it was “frankly disgusting” that cancer patients were being pursued by debt collectors during one of the most difficult points in their lives. Each of the other opposition parties all praised the content of the bill and similarly expressed their dismay at the idea of debt collectors being used on cancer patients.

Paragraph 11: Bosley Crowther of The New York Times opened his contemporary review: "As Henry Higgins might have whooped, 'By George, they've got it!' They've made a superlative film from the musical stage show My Fair Lady—a film that enchantingly conveys the rich endowments of the famous stage production in a fresh and flowing cinematic form." Philip K. Scheuer of the Los Angeles Times reported from the New York premiere that "when the curtains came together at the finish of just three hours, three hours of Technicolored entertainment, I heard myself all but echoing Col. Pickering's proud summation of Eliza Doolittle's performances as a duchess at the Embassy Ball, 'a total triumph.'" Robert J. Landry of Variety wrote: "It has riches of story, humor, acting and production values far beyond the average big picture. It is Hollywood at its best, Jack L. Warner's career capstone and a film that will go on without  limits of playoff in reserved seat policy and world rentals." The Monthly Film Bulletin of the UK declared that "with the range of talent, taste and sheer professionalism at work, from Shaw onwards, Warners could hardly have made a film which would do less than please most of the people most of the time. Their $17,000,000 investment looks as safe as houses." The review opined that Cukor directed with "great tact" but "a rather unnecessary circumspection. Scenes move at a steady, even pace, as though every word were worth its weight in gold (perhaps, in view of the price paid for the rights, it very nearly was). Especially, the decor tends to inhibit rather than release the film." Brendan Gill of The New Yorker wrote that the film "has survived very nearly intact the always risky leap from stage to screen," adding, "Miss Hepburn isn't particularly convincing as a Cockney flower girl, but, having mastered her vowels and consonants in the 'rain in Spain' scene, she comes into her own." Richard L. Coe of The Washington Post also suggested that Hepburn's casting was the film's "basic flaw", describing her as "recognizably exquisite—but not 21—as the flower girl and to the later scenes she brings a real flirtatiousness quite un-Shavian." Nevertheless, Coe remarked that "there are some marvelous things which will make this a long-loved film," including Rex Harrison giving "one of the classic screen performances" that he correctly predicted was "an absolute certainty for next year's Oscars."

Paragraph 12: During his first visit to Spain, Borkenau set out to dispute the picture of Spanish Republican women offered up by the British journalist Ferdinand Touchy, who wrote a photo-essay on 27 July 1936 in the conservative Daily Mail newspaper called "The Red Carmens, the women who burn churches". Touchy's essay featured a series of photos he had taken of Spanish women who had joined the Worker's Militia, and argued that for women to fight in the war was reject their femininity, which for him was a most monstrous development. Touchy condemned the Spanish republic as amoral and "Godless". In an essay that has been widely condemned as misogynistic, Touchy argued that the right and proper role of a Spanish woman was to be a submissive housewife, devoted to the obeying the Catholic church and her husband, and argued that the Spanish Republic deserved to lose the war because it preached gender equality. Touchy argued that the women serving in the Worker's Militia had engaged in all sorts of sexual "depravity", writing of his disgust about young women who engaged in premarital sex with both men and other women, which for him was the beginning of the end of "civilization" itself. Borkenau wrote a response to Touchy's article, which he called full of hysteria and inaccuracies, saying he had not seen the widespread "sexual depravity" that Touchy claimed to have witnessed. Borkenau wrote against Touchy that women serving in the Worker's Militia did not seem to be causing the sort of social breakdown that Touchy claimed it had, saying the society was being strained by the war, but it was holding up the challenge. Borkenau further wrote that wars break down the traditional barriers of sexual morality, and noted that based on his own personal experiences of the Austrian empire in World War One that the sort of "sexual depravity" that Touchy claimed to have seen in Spain had been common in Vienna during World War One.

Paragraph 13: In the series against Colorado, Cal came knocking on the door and forced the game to 5 sets, but ended up losing despite stellar performances from Pantovic and Lilomaiava. It didn't help that libero Tara Desa had gone on COVID protocol and that starting libero Lexi Gruszczynski and backup setter Blevins were injured. The team could not replicate their efforts in the second game, losing 3–0, as errors and poor hitting efficiency doomed the Bears, who were unable to stop the Buffs' Elissa Alcantara and Sterling Parker. Aside from Lilomaiava's 7 kills, everyone else did not do that well, a sign that losing Mirkovic was going to make it hard for them to replicate their 2019 success. On February 12, 2021, Cal managed to beat a depleted Stanford team in Haas in 5 sets behind Pantovic's first double-double (16 kills, 11 digs) and Bergmark's .348 hitting percentage for their first win of the season and their first win vs Stanford since 2011. They could not complete the sweep two days later, losing in straight sets to split the series with the Cardinal due to poor defense and Stanford's blocking prowess. The USC series, despite being a hard-fought one, resulted in 3–1 losses both times for the Bears, dropping them further down the standings. In the series against Washington State, the Bears were swept both times, dropping to 1–11 on the season despite having an overall winning record against the Cougars. Though they fought hard both times, the WSU block stifled Cal despite Grote's 11 kills in the second game, proving that Cal's NCAA hopes seemed all but impossible. To make matters worse, Potter injured her left hand in the second game of the series while going up for a block, leaving her unable to set, and Bellizzi was also injured in the first game of the series as well, forcing fellow libero Jessica Houghton to take over at the position. Potter's absence forced freshman Kendall Jensen to take the reins at setter and the Bears suffered uncharacteristic losses (3–2 in game 1 and 3–0 in game 2) to the OSU Beavers, a team they have a winning record against, despite strong performances by Grote in both games. Pantovic recorded her second double-double in the first game, but had only 6 kills and 7 digs in the second to go with her first solo block, and Lilomaiava's poor performance in game 2 of the series didn't help their cause. The series vs the ASU Sun Devils wasn't much better despite Grote's 13 kills in the second game, resulting in 3–0 sweep losses both times. Pantovic did uncharacteristically poor in both games, and Lilomaiava struggled to find consistency offensively, which did not help despite her improved blocking numbers.

Paragraph 14: Richardson was chosen to tour Australia in 1897/1898, but this was where his successful years ended. Richardson was always a heavy drinker, but around this time the habit became unmanageable and his weight began increasing, thus reducing his speed and stamina. He produced one great performance on the disappointing 1897/1898 tour with eight wickets for 94 in the first innings of the fifth Test, but as soon as he returned to England his decline was plain for all to see. Indeed, in the first two months of the season Richardson accomplished almost no performance of note, and even when he improved from the beginning of July onwards, Surrey could no longer rely on him to bowl over after over on the extremely true Oval pitches; his body could no longer carry the workload of previous years. In a few games late in the season at the Oval, against Yorkshire (when Surrey inflicted that county's biggest defeat) and Warwickshire (when he took a career-best 15 for 83 on a pitch offering no help), he appeared as potent as the bowler of 1897. Nevertheless, his haul of wickets in the County Championship fell from 237 to 126 and their cost from about 14 runs per wicket to over 21.

Paragraph 15: The Noor Bano drama rotates around an orphan girl Noor Bano who lives with her paternal uncle Agha Ji after her parents die in a car accident. After few years Agha Ji forcefully marry her to his son, Murash who is younger than her. Murash is also not interested in marrying Noor and thinks her as his elder sister. But he is forced to marry her because his father promised his dying brother that he will take care of his only daughter for the whole life. However, Murash leaves Pakistan after the Nikah ceremony and never established any intimacy with his wife. When Murash leaves home Noor Bano asks him to marry whom so ever he loves. In New York, he fall in love with his classmate ‘Alvina’ and marries her. After a long time Murash returns to Pakistan with Alvina. Noor Bano talks with Aghaji not to punish Murash. By seeing Murash attracted to Noor Bano Alvina gets jealous and she asks for a baby to Murash and Murash gets angry. After few days Alvina gives a birth to a baby girl. After some days Aghaji passes away and Murash becomes Aghaji. Murash proposes Noor Bano and they spend a night in Noor Bano's room, after which Noor Bano leaves a house and Noor Bano's car and Jewellery are found near the sea shore and all family members believe that Noor Bano has died. Murash and Biji gets upset. After 5 years Alvina gets a call from a school that his son is ill, Alvina asks for the name and she replies that the boy's name is Hamza Murash Ali. Alvina gets shocked and goes to Karachi and live there in Sara's (Murash sister) house. She goes to the school and she is shocked to see Noor Bano with the boy (Hamza Murash Ali). Murash comes to Karachi for some work, he gets a call from a doctor, who is also friend of Noor Bano. He tells Murash that his son (Hamza) has a heart problem and Murash is shocked to know that Noor Bano is alive. He goes to Noor Bano's home and spends time with Hamza and Noor Bano. Alvina misunderstands that Murash lives with Noor Bano when ever he comes to Karachi. When Murash comes to Sara's home, Alvina asks about Noor Bano and she insults her. Murash slaps Alvina and he locks her in room. When it is the time of Hamza's surgery, Murash comes to Hospital and Alvina also gets ill and she is also admitted in same hospital. Biji comes to Karachi to see Alvina and sees Murash, Noor Bano and Hamza. Biji gets shocked and talks with Noor Bano and sees Hamza. Alvina get angry and jealous with Noor Bano. Biji, Sara, Murash, Noor Bano and Alvina comes to haveli (home) where Murash divorces Noor Bano.

Paragraph 16: In exceptional circumstances, it is possible for the moved piece in a double check to not give check. The only way for this to happen in orthodox chess is by way of an en passant capture. In the position shown from Gundersen–Faul, 1928, Black has just played 14...g7–g5. White replies 15.hxg6 #. The result is a double check even though the white pawn does not give check: one check is given by the rook, discovered by the capturing pawn's move; the other by the bishop, revealed by the captured pawn's removal. Such a double check is extremely rare in practical play, but it is sometimes found in chess problems.

Paragraph 17: M. A. K. Halliday and R. Hasan interpret register as "the linguistic features which are typically associated with a configuration of situational features – with particular values of the field, mode and tenor...". Field for them is "the total event, in which the text is functioning, together with the purposive activity of the speaker or writer; includes subject-matter as one of the elements". Mode is "the function of the text in the event, including both the channel taken by language – spoken or written, extempore or prepared – and its genre, rhetorical mode, as narrative, didactic, persuasive, 'phatic communion', etc." The tenor refers to "the type of role interaction, the set of relevant social relations, permanent and temporary, among the participants involved". These three values – field, mode and tenor – are thus the determining factors for the linguistic features of the text. "The register is the set of meanings, the configuration of semantic patterns, that are typically drawn upon under the specified conditions, along with the words and structures that are used in the realization of these meanings." Register, in the view of M. A. K. Halliday and R. Hasan, is one of the two defining concepts of text. "A text is a passage of discourse which is coherent in these two regards: it is coherent with respect to the context of situation, and therefore consistent in register; and it is coherent with respect to itself, and therefore cohesive."

Paragraph 18: DDaddy's Girls: This CBS series followed Dudley Walker (Dudley Moore), the owner of a New York fashion house who loses his wife and his business partner when, after a years-long secret affair, they run off together leaving him as the primary caretaker to his three daughters. The series is notable as the first in which a gay principal character was played by an openly gay actor. Harvey Fierstein played Dennis Sinclair, a high-strung designer at Walker's firm. Although Fierstein earned praise for his performance, Daddy's Girls was hated by critics. New York magazine called the series "Despised, reviled." Entertainment Weekly, somewhat prophetically, found Moore to be "wan and confused." The Dallas Morning News could only say that "Daddy's Girls isn't horrendously bad" but predicted that it would not last until Christmas. Indeed, the series was placed "on hiatus" after only three episodes aired and never returned. Moore never returned to television; he was later diagnosed with progressive supranuclear palsy, which Moore later cited as the cause of his difficulties on the set of the show.Dads: This 2013 Fox multicamera sitcom from Seth MacFarlane received scathing reviews from critics, receiving a score of 15 out of 100 on Metacritic and 0% on Rotten Tomatoes. The network used extracts of the negative reviews ("offensive", "reprehensible", "morally wrong") to promote the show. On May 7, 2014, Fox cancelled it after only one season.Delilah: The series was CBC's first prime-time sitcom, but it generally received poor reviews and negative audience reception. It was cancelled after a single 13-episode season in an era when Canadian content requirements made canceling Canadian programs after so few episodes a rarity. Delilah was one of several CBC flops during the early 1970s, including Corwin and McQueen, the product of inferior creativity. However, CBC's next sitcom, King of Kensington, fared much better and became a multi-year success. Toronto Star television critic Jim Bawden declared the series as the "Worst Canadian Sitcom", declaring the script writing to be "appalling" and discovered an absence of laughter from the audience when he attended a taping of an episode.Don't Call Me Charlie!: Debuting in a US fall 1962 season among a number of sitcoms with wildly unrealistic fantasy premises (The Jetsons and The Beverly Hillbillies would be the only two new sitcoms of that year to have any sort of afterlife), the sitcom featuring a rural veterinarian mistakenly drafted into the armed forces received a scathing review from Rick Du Brow at the time, who chided those responsible for calling the show a comedy, noted that the star of the series was a poor actor, and publicly questioned setting the series in Paris, France, despite having nothing to do with that city (noting that the show eliminated most traces to France after Charles de Gaulle returned to the Presidency). The show was pulled from air partway through its lone season with eight episodes left unaired.

Paragraph 19: In 1974, Davis was awarded the Academy of Country Music's Entertainer of the Year award. He had other successes including the songs "Stop and Smell the Roses" (a number one Adult Contemporary success in 1974) (pop no. 9), "One Hell of a Woman" (pop no. 11), "Rock 'N' Roll (I Gave You the Best Years of My Life)" (pop no. 15), and "Burnin' Thing" (pop no. 53). At the end of the 1970s, he moved to Casablanca Records, which was best known at the time for its successes with disco star Donna Summer and rock'n'roll band Kiss. His first success for the company in 1980 was the novelty song "It's Hard to Be Humble", a light-hearted look at how popularity and good looks could go to one's head. The song became his first Country music top 10 and a rare top 30 hit in the UK. (It was translated into Dutch as "Het is moeilijk bescheiden te blijven" and became a hit for the Dutch singer Peter Blanker in 1981). Later that year, he had another top 10 song with "Let's Keep It That Way". In November, "Rock 'N' Roll (I Gave You the Best Years of My Life)" was played by KHJ in Los Angeles as its last song before it switched from Top 40 to Country music. He achieved success with other songs like "Texas in My Rear View Mirror" and "Hooked on Music", which became his biggest Country music success in 1981 going to number 2. In 1985, he recorded his last top 10 country music success with the song "I Never Made Love (Till I Made Love With You)".

Paragraph 20: Calypso Rose was born under the name Linda McCartha Monica Sandy-Lewis. Her mother gave her this name as an homage a respectable army general by the name of Douglas MacArthur.  At the beginning of her music career, the singer originally took the name Crusoe Kid but later changed it to Calypso Rose. This occurred when she auditioned for the managers of a calypso tent called Young Brigade. The name Crusoe Kid was meant to signify her origins in Tobago, and a reference to the novel Robinson Crusoe. After hearing her perform, the managers at Young Brigade renamed her Calypso Rose because a rose is considered the mother of all flowers and she considers herself the mother of female calypsonians that came after her. She grew up in a small village on the island of Tobago called Bethel, one of the two Caribbean islands forming Trinidad and Tobago and the birthplace of calypso. Rose's earliest memory is her grandmother sitting at the seashore and telling her that no one knows where they would be buried because her grandmother was originally from French Guinea and ended up in Tobago because she was kidnapped and sold there. Calypso Rose was the fourth child to be born by her mother, Dorchea Sandy, who had a total of thirteen children, two of which passed away. Her father, Altino Sandy, was a leader of the Spiritual Shouter Baptists.  In addition to being a leader in the church, he was also a fisherman and Rose would to go with him every evening to the beach when she lived with him. To this day, Calypso Rose says she drinks seamoss, and eats a lot of fish, ginger, garlic, and banana to give her the energy to put on a powerful show. Her family was very traditional and were initially opposed to her singing in Carnival tents; her father saying that "calypso belongs to the devil" She lived with her parents and her ten siblings in a two-bedroom house until she was nine-years-old, at which point she went to live with her aunt and uncle on the neighboring island of Trinidad. Her aunt, Edith Robinson, was wanting a child so she suggested to her husband that he go to his brother, Altino Sandy, and ask to take care of one of his children. Ms. Edith Robinson came and asked for Rose's permission to adopt her, Rose agreed and went with her to Trinidad. Shortly after arriving in Trinidad, she began to get bullied because she was a 'small islander' which she didn't expect because she thought Trinidad and Tobago was one place.

Paragraph 21: At Stardom in Osaka event from January 23, 2022, Kohgo requested Stars members to let her join the unit which the latters accepted. At Stardom Nagoya Supreme Fight on January 29, 2022, she defeated Oedo Tai's Fukigen Death, Ruaka, Saki Kashima and Rina in an elimination five-way match. At Stardom Cinderella Journey on February 23, 2022, Kohgo unsuccessfully challenged stablemate Hanan for the Future of Stardom Championship. At Stardom New Blood 1 on March 11, 2022, she defeated Gatoh Move Pro Wrestling's Sayaka in a singles match. On the first night of the Stardom World Climax 2022 from March 26, she teamed up with Cosmic Angels (Waka Tsukiyama and Mina Shirakawa) to compete in a six-woman tag team gauntlet match won by Donna Del Mondo (Himeka, Natsupoi, and Mai Sakurai) and also involving Queen's Quest (AZM, Lady C and Miyu Amasaki), and Oedo Tai (Saki Kashima, Ruaka and Rina). On the second night from March 27, she participated in a 18-women Cinderella Rumble match won by Mei Suruga and also featuring various wrestlers who competed at New Blood 1 such as Haruka Umesaki, Nanami, Maria, Ai Houzan, and Yuna Mizumori, and many others. At Stardom Cinderella Tournament 2022, Kohgo unsuccessfully faced stablemate Mayu Iwatani in the first round matches from April 3. At Stardom Golden Week Fight Tour on May 5, 2022, she teamed up with Hanan and Saya Iida to defeat Oedo Tai's Saki Kashima, Ruaka and Rina. At Stardom New Blood 2 on May 13, 2022, she teamed up with Iida in a losing effort against Rina Amikura and Yuko Sakurai. At Stardom Flashing Champions on May 28, 2022, Kohgo teamed up with Iida and Lady C and picked up a victory over Ami Sourei, Rina and Hina. At Stardom Fight in the Top on June 26, 2022, she teamed up with Iida to defeat Miyu Amasaki and Lady C. At Stardom New Blood 3 on July 8, 2022, she teamed up with Iida and Hana to defeat JTO (Tomoka Inaba, Aoi and Misa Kagura). At Mid Summer Champions in Tokyo, the first event of the Stardom Mid Summer Champions series which took place on July 9, 2022, Kohgo unsuccessfully challenged AZM for the High Speed Championship. At Mid Summer Champions in Nagoya on July 24, she teamed up with Mayu Iwatani to defeat Fukigen Death and Ruaka. At Stardom in Showcase vol.1 on July 25, 2022, she participated in a Nagoya rumble match won by Fukigen Death. Kohgo failed to qualify for the Stardom 5 Star Grand Prix 2022 after she participated in a qualifier block where she scored a total of four points after facing Ami Sourei, Miyu Amasaki, Rina and Waka Tsukiyama. At Stardom x Stardom: Nagoya Midsummer Encounter on August 21, 2022, she teamed up with Saya Iida and Mayu Iwatani in a losing effort against Queen's Quest (Utami Hayashishita, AZM and Lady C). At Stardom New Blood 4 on August 26, 2022, she teamed up with Iida in a losing effort against Mai Sakurai and Linda.

Paragraph 22: She is a powerful necromancer; while she is surveying dead bodies in a battlefield it is noted that "If she had tried to raise up the entire army on the field to return to war, the laws of Erebus would have yielded, and a host—pulled from the Stygian Avernus by her terrible power—would have gone to war." It is for this reason that she is sought by Pompey the Great's son, Sextus Pompeius. He wants her to perform a necromantic rite so that he might be able to learn the outcome of the Battle of Pharsalus. Erichtho complies and wanders amidst a battlefield to seek out a cadaver with "uninjured tissues of a stiffened lung". She cleans the corpse's organs, and fills the body with a potion (consisting of, among other things, a mixture of warm blood, "lunar poison", and "everything that nature wickedly bears") so as to bring the dead body back to life. The spirit is summoned, but, at first, refuses to return to its old body. She then promptly threatens the entire universe by promising to summon "that god at whose dread name earth trembles". Immediately following this outburst, the corpse is reanimated and offers a bleak description of a civil war in the underworld, as well as a rather ambiguous (at least, to Sextus Pompeius) prophecy about the fate that lies in store for Pompey and his kin.

Paragraph 23: Male upperside creamy-white. Forewing: base and costal margin densely irrorated (sprinkled) with black scales; a broad short velvety black bar across middle of cell, another along the discocellulars and a third beyond apex of cell, this last with superposed spots of crimson where the bar crosses the bases of interspaces 5 and 8; a crimson-centred black spot in middle of interspace 1; an irregularly curved prominent postdiscal series of dusky-black spots, so arranged as to leave a narrow edging of the creamy-white ground colour beyond, which is traversed by the black veins; the upper four spots of the postdiscal series fused to form a broad, continuous, but short, curved band; the terminal margin broadly dusky black; the cilia white. Both the dusky-black band and the postdiscal dusky-black markings subhyaline (almost glass like). Hindwing: base and dorsal margin broadly dusky black, the inner margin of the black colouration on the latter deeply but irregularly bi-emarginate; a crimson-centred black spot near base of interspace 5, another just beyond the middle of interspace 7, followed by a very conspicuous curved postdiscal series of five dull blue ocelli ringed with black and centred with white, and a narrow diffuse dusky black terminal band; cilia as in the forewing. Underside: similar, with a glassy appearance. Forewing: with the markings of the upperside visible by transparency; the white scaling of the upperside replaced by scale-like hairs of the same colour; the only scaled markings are the medial and apical transverse black bars in cell, three small crimson spots beyond and the black-encircled crimson spot in middle of interspace 1. Hindwing: the white scaling along the basal half of the costal margin nearly as on the upperside, the rest hair-like as on the underside of the forewing; a broad basal band of four crimson or vermilion-red spots followed by a discal irregular series of five similarly-coloured spots, the lower three formed into a short obliquely transverse band above the tornal angle; all the crimson spots encircled more or less obsoletely by black rings, and the following prominently centred with white: the spot in interspaces 2 and 5 and the basal and medial spots in interspace 7.

Paragraph 24: The 185th Tunnelling Company started work on the Lochnagar mine on 11 November 1915 and handed the tunnels over to 179th Tunnelling Company in March 1916. A month before the handover, 18 men of the 185th Tunnelling Company (2 officers, 16 sappers) were killed on 4 February when the Germans detonated a camouflet near the British three-level mine system, starting from Inch Street, La Boisselle, the deepest level being just above the water table at around . The Lochnagar mine consisted of two chambers with a shared access tunnel (see map). The shaft was sunk in the communication trench called "Lochnagar Street". After the Black Watch had arrived at La Boissselle at the end of July 1915, many existing Allied fortifications, originally dug by the French, had been given Scotland-related names. The Lochnagar mine probably had the first deep incline shaft, which sloped  to a depth of about  – see map . It was begun  behind the British front line and  away from the German front line. Starting from the inclined shaft, about  below ground, a gallery was driven towards the German lines. For silence, the tunnellers used bayonets with spliced handles and worked barefoot on a floor covered with sandbags. Flints were carefully prised out of the chalk and laid on the floor; if the bayonet was manipulated two-handed, an assistant caught the dislodged material. Spoil was placed in sandbags and passed hand-by-hand, along a row of miners sitting on the floor and stored along the side of the tunnel, later to be used to tamp the charge. When about  from the , the tunnel was forked into two branches and the end of each branch was enlarged to form a chamber for the explosives, the chambers being about  apart and  deep – see map. When finished, the access tunnel for the Lochnagar mine was  and had been excavated at a rate of about  per day, until about  long, with the galleries beneath the . The mine was loaded with  of ammonal, divided in two charges of  and . As the chambers were not big enough to hold all the explosive, the tunnels that branched to form the 'Y' were also filled with ammonal. The longer branch was  long, the shorter was  long. The tunnels did not quite reach the German front line but the blast would dislodge enough material to form a  high rim and bury nearby trenches.

Paragraph 25: The grounds include the Gurudwara, a kitchen, a large (holy) pond, a school, and an art gallery. As with all Sikh Gurdwaras, the concept of langar is practised, and all people, regardless of race or religion may eat in the Gurdwara kitchen (langar hall). The Langar (food) is prepared by gursikhs who work there and also by volunteers who like to help out. At the Gurdwara, visitors are requested to cover their hair and not to wear shoes. Assistance to foreigners and visitors with Guides, head scarves, and shoe-minding service can be found inside the compound and are available free of charge. Anyone can volunteer to help keep the shoes in the shoe-minding room, and cleaning the precincts of the Gurudwara.

Paragraph 26: "I would suggest that the spiritual domain is anchored in these notions (i.e., ultimates, totalities, and boundary conditions). You're into the spiritual domain when you ask ultimate questions—'what's the ultimate meaning of life?', when you deal with totalities—'What is the entire world like? What is my whole life like? How should I live my whole life?' And 'boundary conditions' is a little harder to explain, but think in terms of, "When have I reached the limit?" For example, if I tell you that I know something, you may ask me how I know and I may be able to give you an answer. Then when I give you the answer, that has to be something else that I know, and so you may ask me about it, and I may give you an answer. But ultimately, we reach some kind of end because I can't give you answers forever. All knowledge has that structure, that you can back up some knowledge with other knowledge, and you can back that up with some other, but there is never an infinite sequence of backing up. You do reach an end point. The fact that you reach an end point is an example of a boundary condition with respect to knowledge, that knowledge is not founded on an infinite set of foundations, nor is it founded on a secure foundation.  A secure foundation is just some other fact that one can ask questions about. So knowledge starts somewhere, and it doesn't start from further knowledge, ultimately. And it's in dealing with such questions as, 'Where does our knowledge come from?  What is its foundations?  What kind of confidence can we have in it?' – these kinds of questions, I think are what you're dealing with when you think of a religion."

Paragraph 27: Some members of the aquarium trade want to ban this practice. For example, the British publication Practical Fishkeeping started a campaign in 1996 to ask retailers to stop selling dyed fish, which led to a significant decrease in the number sold in the United Kingdom. Practical Fishkeeping has launched a similar campaign with a global scope and maintains a register of stores which do not stock dyed fish.  The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) regards the practice as cruel and unnecessary cosmetic mutilation. A campaign in Australia and in the UK has limited the sale of these fish. Dyed fish are still available and are generally imported from Southeast Asia.

Paragraph 28: At the time of the hypercycle theory formulation, ribozymes were not known. After the breakthrough of discovering RNA's catalytic properties in 1982, it was realized that RNA had the ability to integrate protein and nucleotide-chain properties into one entity. Ribozymes potentially serving as templates and catalysers of replication can be considered components of quasispecies that can self-organize into a hypercycle without the need to invent a translation process. In 2001, a partial RNA polymerase ribozyme was designed via directed evolution. Nevertheless, it was able to catalyse only a polymerization of a chain having the size of about 14 nucleotides, even though it was 200 nucleotides long. The most up-to-date version of this polymerase was shown in 2013. While it has an ability to catalyse polymerization of longer sequences, even of its own length, it cannot replicate itself due to a lack of sequence generality and its inability to transverse secondary structures of long RNA templates. However, it was recently shown that those limitations could in principle be overcome by the assembly of active polymerase ribozymes from several short RNA strands. In 2014, a cross-chiral RNA polymerase ribozyme was demonstrated. It was hypothesized that it offers a new mode of recognition between an enzyme and substrates, which is based on the shape of the substrate, and allows avoiding the Watson-Crick pairing and, therefore, may provide greater sequence generality.  Various other experiments have shown that, besides bearing polymerase properties, ribozymes could have developed other kinds of evolutionarily useful catalytic activity such as synthase, ligase, or aminoacylase activities. Ribozymal aminoacylators and ribozymes with the ability to form peptide bonds might have been crucial to inventing translation. An RNA ligase, in turn, could link various components of quasispecies into one chain, beginning the process of a genome integration. An RNA with a synthase or a synthetase activity could be critical for building compartments and providing building blocks for growing RNA and protein chains as well as other types of molecules. Many examples of this kind of ribozyme are currently known, including a peptidyl transferase ribozyme, a ligase, and a nucleotide synthetase. A transaminoacylator described in 2013 has five nucleotides, which is sufficient for a trans-amino acylation reaction and makes it the smallest ribozyme that has been discovered. It supports a peptidyl-RNA synthesis that could be a precursor for the contemporary process of linking amino acids to tRNA molecules. An RNA ligase's catalytic domain, consisting of 93 nucleotides, proved to be sufficient to catalyse a linking reaction between two RNA chains. Similarly, an acyltransferase ribozyme 82 nucleotides long was sufficient to perform an acyltransfer reaction. Altogether, the results concerning the RNA ligase's catalytic domain and the acyltransferase ribozyme are in agreement with the estimated upper limit of 100 nucleotides set by the error threshold problem. However, it was hypothesized that even if the putative first RNA-dependent RNA-polymerases are estimated to be longer—the smallest reported up-to-date RNA-dependent polymerase ribozyme is 165 nucleotides long—they did not have to arise in one step. It is more plausible that ligation of smaller RNA chains performed by the first RNA ligases resulted in a longer chain with the desired catalytically active polymerase domain.

Paragraph 29: Originally MS-DOS was designed to be an operating system that could run on any computer with a 8086-family microprocessor. It competed with other operating systems written for such computers, such as CP/M-86 and UCSD Pascal. Each computer would have its own distinct hardware and its own version of MS-DOS, a situation similar to the one that existed for CP/M, with MS-DOS emulating the same solution as CP/M to adapt for different hardware platforms. So there were many different original equipment manufacturer (OEM) versions of MS-DOS for different hardware. But the greater speed attainable by direct control of hardware was of particular importance, especially when running computer games. So very soon an IBM-compatible architecture became the goal, and before long all 8086-family computers closely emulated IBM hardware, and only a single version of MS-DOS for a fixed hardware platform was all that was needed for the market. This specific version of MS-DOS is the version that is discussed here, as all other versions of MS-DOS died out with their respective systems. One version of such a generic MS-DOS (Z-DOS) is mentioned here, but there were dozens more. All these were for personal computers that used an 8086-family microprocessor, but which were not fully IBM PC compatible.

Paragraph 30: The offering of bhakti, or devotion to God, remains at the centre of mandir activities. In all BAPS Swaminarayan mandirs, murtis, or sacred images of Swaminarayan, Gunatitanand Swami, BAPS gurus and other deities, are enshrined in the inner sanctum. After completion of prana pratishta or life-force installation ceremonies, the deities are believed to reside in the murtis, and are thus subjects of direct worship through sacred daily rituals. In many mandirs, murtis are adorned with clothes and ornaments and devotees come to perform darshan, the act of worshiping the deity by viewing the sacred image. Aarti, which is a ritual of waving lit lamps in circular motions to illuminate the different parts of the murti while singing a song of praise, is performed five times daily in shikharbaddha mandirs and twice daily in smaller mandirs. Additionally, food is offered to the murtis amidst the singing of devotional songs three times a day as part of the ritual of thaal, and the sanctified food is then distributed to devotees.  Daily readings of and discourses on various Hindu scriptures also take place in the mandir.  Many mandirs are also home to BAPS swamis, or monks.  On weekends, assemblies are held in which swamis and devotees deliver discourses on a variety of spiritual topics. During these assemblies, bhakti is offered in the form of call-and-response hymns (kirtans) with traditional musical accompaniment. Religious assemblies also take place for children and teenagers of various age ranges.  Throughout the year, mandirs celebrate traditional Hindu festivals. Assemblies with special discourses, kirtans, and other performances are arranged to commemorate Rama Navami, Janmashtami, Diwali, and other major Hindu holidays. Members of the sect are known as Satsangis. Male Satsangis are generally initiated by obtaining a kanthi at the hands of a swamis or senior male devotee while females receive the vartman from the senior women followers.