Paragraph 1: and approx. 120 other newspaper titles. In addition, the acquiring company purchased The Greater Detroit Newspaper Network. This 21st Century Company operated as the major group selling arm of 21st Century Newspapers. They generated approx. $25. million of annual profit by selling to national companies with most revenue coming from pre-printed inserts. The sale of 21st Century Newspapers in August 2005 was the largest newspaper sales by dollar volume in the US for the year 2005. Shepherd remained a consultant for the purchasing company for a short period then left and joined other newspaper companies Board of Directors. In 2012 he finally retired to Charlevoix, Michigan where he still resides. He started a township newspaper in 2018 and it still is published monthly and has a website. Shepherd began his newspaper career in Port Huron, Michigan as a carrier boy for The Port Huron Times Herald owned by the "Weil Family". He rose to become Classified Manager then the company purchased a weekly, Utica Sentinel, in Utica, Michigan. Shepherd became General Manager and turned the weekly into a daily newspaper, The Daily Sentinel. It was sold to Gannett in the late 1960's. Shepherd previously worked for Scripps Howard Newspapers in Cincinnati, Ohio as VP of Operations from 1983 until 1991. He was recruited by Stauffer Communications in 1991 as President and CEO and a member of The Board of Directors. Previously, Shepherd also worked for Panax Corporation of East Lansing, Michigan, and was a member of their Board of Directors. He joined the company in 1968 and headed the sale of the company, in part to Rupert Murdock(Texas newspapers) in August 1980. Shepherd then moved to Houston, Texas where he founded the book publishing company, Pioneer Publishing Company. He sold that company to his partner and took a consulting job with a California publishing company headed by Charles Morris of Morris Publishing in Savannah, Georgia. After the consulting agreement Shepherd joined Scripps Howard in Cincinnati as VP of Newspaper Operations where he stayed from 1982 until 1992. His career spanned the 50's through the 2000s. From hot-metal days until offset and heatset printing. He mastered all 3 processes but empire-building; buying, building, and selling was his forte. His last venture was 21st Century Newspapers, Inc. which employed over 2,000 employees. He was considered an early pioneer in suburban journalism and a leader in "clustering" suburban newspapers into shared printing, sales, and accounting services. He studied rotogravure printing with Axel-Springer in Hamburg, Germany, and build printing plants in South Africa at the behest of the South African Gov't.    

Paragraph 2: Trulsen participated in both the  and  World Junior Championships, finishing both tournaments with 2-7 and 4-5 records respectively. However, after participating in the  and  European championships, he was back at the juniors in  where he won the silver medal, losing to Canada's John Base in the final.  It took Trulsen 9 more years to get back on the world stage, at the 1992 Winter Olympics, where curling was a demonstration sport. At this event he won a silver medal, losing to Switzerland's Urs Dick in the final. After four World Championship tournaments in 1993, 1997, 1999 and 2000 in which he did not receive any medals, Trulsen won the bronze at the 2001 Ford World Curling Championship, defeating one of the games great teams of Randy Ferbey (David Nedohin throwing 4th stones), in the bronze medal game. A year later, Trulsen became world-famous as he won the gold medal at the Olympics defeating Canada's Kevin Martin in the final. After reaching the top, Trulsen would later decline, winning silver at the 2002 Ford World Curling Championship, bronze at the 2003 Ford World Curling Championship and a fourth-place finish at the 2004 Ford World Curling Championship where he missed a fairly standard final draw against European arch rival and eventual winner Peja Lindholm in the semi finals.

Paragraph 3: 63 meters long and 32 meters wide, the cathedral owes its monumentality to the height of its middle dome – the dome of the Pantocrator (the Almighty). 52 meters high on the inside and 83 meters high on the outside, the middle dome is surmounted by a 7-meter-high cross and sustained by 10 decorative chains and golden buckles. At one point, the building was the third tallest in the country, after Casa Scânteii (104 m) and the People's House (84 m), both located in Bucharest. Due to the marshy terrain, the cathedral stands on a concrete slab supported by 1,186 reinforced concrete pillars, driven at a depth of 20 m. The built area is 1,542 m2, while the total construction volume is about 50,000 m3.  The seven bells, cast in Anton Novotny's workshop, have a total weight of 7,000 kg and were made of an alloy of metals brought from Indonesia (Sumatra and Borneo). Their harmonization was done by the composer Sabin Drăgoi. The interior and exterior painting was executed by a group of painters led by the painter . The iconostasis was carved and gilded in 22-carat gold by master Ștefan Gajo, who also made the three chandeliers, the two candlesticks and the Lord's Tomb (located in the pronaos).

Paragraph 4: Soustelle’s first concern for the implementation of his plan was to inject funds into the Algerian economy for small improvement projects designed to have an immediate effect. After a short struggle with the finance ministry in Paris, an allocation of 4,300 million francs was obtained. Thereafter, Soustelle engaged in social-political reforms by sending out a circular, making it compulsory on all persons in authority to pursue a "policy of consideration and confidence". His intention was to eradicate the superiority complex which the European population had adopted in terms of discrimination and condescension towards the Arab-Algerian populace. Third, Soustelle took into consideration the agricultural situation of Algeria as this was the primary source of revenue for the country. However, there were several obstacles; erosion had claimed  per year. Furthermore, there was an overpopulation problem in Algeria; the Muslim population was growing at the alarming rate where production fell behind the birth rate dramatically. To meet the challenge of the countryside, Soustelle administered an agency with wide powers to acquire public and private land for redistribution to Muslim peasants and to secure land beneficiaries with the technical and financial assistance which could improve these new holdings. He also expanded the existing facilities such as the Provident Societies and Rural Improvement Sectors and also abolished the cultural phenomenon of khammessat, a sharecropping system under which the tenant got one fifth of the crop and the landowner four-fifths. As the cost of power in Algeria was 60% higher than in metropolitan France; Soustelle advocated lower costs of power which increased industrialization. He sought to amalgamate the Algerian Gas and Power Company with the nationalized Electricité de France or through a system of tax relief. Fourthly, Soustelle had concerns about the social structure of the country also. Only 29% of civil jobs were held by Muslims the rest were occupied by Europeans. To amend this anomaly, Soustelle instituted an Administration Training Center in Algiers, as a means of finding qualified Muslim candidates for suitable jobs. He also attempted, without success, to implement a system whereby qualified Muslims would be exempted from completing any competitive entry examination. Likewise, Soustelle was passionate about schools. He fought for funding to build 1,200 schools instead of the originally planned 600 schools. Faced with an overwhelming number of requests from teachers that wanted to leave the unsettled areas of Algeria, he hired supplementary teachers to keep the schools open. Likewise, he proposed to make the study of Arabic compulsory or at least optional in all schools. He also planned to envelop the country with social centers which would combat illiteracy, promote hygiene and encourage small crafts. Fifth, the administrative system needed several revisions. His goal was to reduce the large territory division into more manageable units and to bring administration closer to the people. He intended to create several departments to aid him. Soustelle proposed to divide the previous administrative townships into smaller rural townships each corresponding with their own natural community. Soustelle envisaged that the rural townships would remain under the subtle tutelage of the administration until they were ready to self-govern themselves. Finally to fill in the vacuum between the civil administrator and the dispersed inhabitants Soustelle set up 400 Specialized Administration Sections (S.A.S) to be manned by a new corps of Algerian Affairs officer. Amongst their many duties were to create a protective web for populations that might be subject to rebels or trammeled by the army or both.  

Paragraph 5: Ritter promoted the idea that Germany displayed the same traits as other countries and could not be singled out. In a 1962 essay, Ritter contended that Germany's principal goal in 1914 was to maintain Austria-Hungary as a great power, and thus German foreign policy was largely defensive as opposed to Fischer's claim that it was mostly aggressive. Ritter claimed that Fischer attached unwarranted significance to the highly bellicose advice about waging a "preventive war" in the Balkans offered in July 1914 to the Chief of Cabinet of the Austro-Hungarian foreign ministry, Count Alexander Hoyos, by the German journalist Viktor Naumann. Ritter charged that Naumann was speaking as a private individual and not as Fischer claimed on behalf of the German government. Ritter felt that Fischer had been dishonest in his portrayal of Austro-German relations in July 1914. Ritter charged that it was not true that Germany had pressured a reluctant Austria-Hungary into attacking Serbia. Ritter argued that the main impetus for war within Austria-Hungary was internal, and though there were divisions of opinion about the course to pursue in Vienna and Budapest, it was not German pressure that led to war being chosen. In Ritter's opinion, the most Germany can be criticized for in July 1914 was a mistaken evaluation of the state of European power politics. Ritter claimed that the German government had underrated the state of military readiness in Russia and France, falsely assumed that British foreign policy was more pacific than what it really was, overrated the sense of moral outrage caused by the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand on European opinion, and above all, overestimated the military power and political common sense of Austria-Hungary. Ritter felt that in retrospect it was not necessary from the German point of view to maintain Austria-Hungary as a great power but claimed that at the time most Germans regarded the Dual Monarchy as a "brother empire" and viewed the prospect of the Balkans being in the Russian sphere of influence as an unacceptable threat. Ritter argued that though the Germans supported the idea of an Austrian-Hungarian invasion of Serbia, this was more of an ad hoc response to the crisis gripping Europe as opposed to Fischer's claim that Germany was deliberately setting off a war of aggression. Ritter complained that Fischer relied too much on the memories of Austro-Hungarian leaders such as the Count István Tisza and Count Ottokar Czernin who sought to shift all of the responsibility for the war on German shoulders. Ritter ended his essay by writing he felt profound "sadness" over the prospect that the next generation of Germans would not be as nationalistically-minded as previous generations as a result of reading Fischer.

Paragraph 6: John Bluthal (born Isaac Bluthal; 12 August 1929 – 15 November 2018) was a Polish-born Australian actor and comedian, noted for his six-decade career internationally in Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States. He started his career during the Golden Age of British Television, where he was best known for his comedy work in the UK with Spike Milligan, and for his role as Manny Cohen in the television series Never Mind the Quality, Feel the Width. In later years, he was known to television audiences as the bumbling Frank Pickle in The Vicar of Dibley. At 85 he played Professor Herbert Marcuse in the Coen brothers' film Hail, Caesar! (2016).

Paragraph 7: Lossky was one of the preeminent Russian neo-idealists of his day. Lossky's Гносеология or gnosiology is called Intuitivist-Personalism and had in part adapted the Hegelian dialectical approach of first addressing a problem in thought in terms of its expression as a duality or dichotomy. Once the problem is expressed as a dichotomy the two opposing ideas are fused in order to transcend the dichotomy. This transition is expressed in the concept of sobornost, integrality or mystical communal union. Lossky also followed and developed his ontological and gnosiological interpretation of objective reality from Christian neoplatonism based on the Patristic Fathers. This along with Origen and the works of Russian mystics Kireevsky and Khomyakov and the later works of V. Solovyov among many others. Understanding and comprehension coming from addressing an object, as though part of the external world, something that joins the consciousness of the perceiving subject directly (noesis, insight), then becoming memory, intuitionism as the foundation of all noema or processes of consciousness. In that human consciousness comprehends the essence or noumena of an object and the object's external phenomenon which are then assembled into a complete organic whole called experience. Much of an object's defining and understanding in consciousness is not derived discursively but rather intuitively or instinctively as an object has no meaning outside of the whole of existence. Lossky summed up this concept in the term "all is imminent in all". As such much of reality as uncreated or uncaused is irrational, or random (see libertarianism below) and can not be validated rationally (i.e. freedom and love as energy are uncaused, uncreated). Therefore, consciousness in its interaction with reality operates not strictly as rational (only partially) much of consciousness operates intuitively. This is intuitively done by the nous. The nous, consciousness or the focal point of the psyche as the "organic connection" to the object and therefore the material world as a whole. The psyche here is the sensory input from the physical body to the inner being, mind or consciousness. This interaction causing different levels of maturing consciousness over time (reinterpretation). As a dynamic retention, experience constitutes the process of learning i.e. reflective differentiation.

Paragraph 8: After many days of imprisonment without food, the Lamanites came to slay them.  As they were approached, Lehi and Nephi were suddenly encircled about by a pillar of fire, which protected them from harm from their captors.  Their hearts did take courage by this miracle and emboldened them to testify of God’s power and spoke marvelous words.  As they did so, the earth and the walls of the prison shook exceedingly, a thick cloud of darkness and fear came over their captors, and a voice with perfect mildness call them to repentance.  The quake and the voice came a second and a third time, and spoke marvelous words that cannot be uttered by man.  The Lamanites were immovable because of the cloud of darkness which did overshadow them and the fear that it struck within them.  There was a dissenter among them, a Nephite by birth who belonged to the Church of God at one time, and whose name was Aminadab.  He told the Lamanites that he saw the faces of Lehi and Nephi, through the cloud of darkness; and their faces did shine exceedingly, even as the faces of angels; that they were conversing with angels, and that the Lamanites should repent.  They all had a change of heart and each one was encircled about with a pillar of fire.  The Holy Spirit came down and filled their hearts.  They heard the voice of the Father testify of His Well Beloved.  As they looked to see from whence the voice came, they saw the heavens open and angels came down and ministered unto them.  There were about three hundred souls who saw and heard these things.  These witnesses went forth in all the regions round about, ministering unto the people, and declaring what they saw and heard, insomuch that the majority of the Lamanites were convinced, laid down their weapons of war, and also their hatred.  They gave back to the Nephites the lands of their possession.

Paragraph 9: In 1992, In My Life, Lamond's sophomore album was released, bolstered by the lead single, "Where Does That Leave Love", which quickly charted high. The album contained a solid mix of freestyle and pop along with a couple ballads, all intended to further build his name within mainstream music. However, national pop radio, at the time, was going thru a seismic shift, with a heavy R&B influence. By the Spring, 1993 release of the album's third and final single, "I Want You Back", a remake of the Jackson 5 classic featuring a then-relatively unknown Marc Anthony on backing vocals, Lamond was no longer a priority as far as promotion, and he would subsequently be dropped from Columbia Records.

Paragraph 10: He studied at Berlin and Leipzig, held various educational appointments from 1833 onwards at Berlin, Danzig, and Posen, and became in 1859 head of the gymnasium in Gotha, where he died in 1882. The dedication of his treatise Historiae equitum romanorum libri quatuor (1841) to Lachmann led to his being recommended to the publisher of Wilhelm Adolf Becker's Handbuch der römischen Alterthumer to continue the work on the death of Becker in 1846. The work took twenty years to complete, and met with such success that a new edition was soon called for. Finding himself unequal to the task single-handed, Marquardt left the preparation of the first three volumes (Römisches Staatsrecht) to Theodor Mommsen, while he himself contributed volumes V-VI (Römische Staatsverwaltung, 1873–1878) and volume VII (Das Privatleben der Römer, 1879–1882).

Paragraph 11: With war approaching, against the advice of the other National Liberal leaders, Monrad formed a government after the resignation of Hall, due to disagreement with Christian IX. As Council President (1863–1864), Monrad was the Danish state leader during the early part of the Second Schleswig War against the German Confederation led by Otto von Bismarck. With none of the other National Liberal bigwigs wanting to continue in office, Monrad became the most, and arguably often the only, important figure for cabinet decision-making. Yet, at critical moments during the war, Monrad was indecisive. Thus, during an armistice, he let the king decide on a peace proposal at the London Conference to divide Schleswig approximately along the language line between majorities of Danish and German speakers (see also the Schleswig-Holstein Question). The king, who held an unrealistic hope to maintain a personal union with the duchies, rejected, the conference ended with no result, and war resumed resulting in further military defeat. Next, the king dismissed Monrad and his government. The Peace of Vienna resulted in the loss of much of the monarchy's territory, including almost all of Schleswig. Denmark was relegated to a minor power. In what was labelled his speech of madness, Monrad spoke in Parliament for continued resistance and against ratifying the peace treaty even if such actions would look like 'madness'.

Paragraph 12: Balance-sheet insolvency is when a person or company does not have enough assets to pay all of their debts.  The person or company might enter bankruptcy, but not necessarily.  Once a loss is accepted by all parties, negotiation is often able to resolve the situation without bankruptcy. A company that is balance-sheet insolvent may still have enough cash to pay its next bill on time.  However, most laws will not let the company pay that bill unless it will directly help all their creditors. For example, an insolvent farmer may be allowed to hire people to help harvest the crop, because not harvesting and selling the crop would be even worse for his creditors.

Paragraph 13: Fitz, though bitter and grieving after the death of his beloved wit-partner, the wolf Nighteyes, reluctantly takes the post of Skillmaster to teach prince Dutiful the Skill. He feels he must since he is almost Dutiful's father. Dutiful, the heir to the throne, was conceived by Verity using Fitz's body fifteen years earlier with the use of the skill, and because of this is both Skilled and Witted. Fitz is not a great teacher and barely has control of his own Skill, but he is the only one left that has been actually taught how to use it. He knows that Dutiful must be protected from the addictive qualities of the Skill, as well as the dangerous temptations of the Wit and the political machinations surrounding both as the Piebalds threaten to throw the Six Duchies into civil war.

Paragraph 14: The Cairo Fire resulted in the dismissal of Nahhas Pasha and the formation of a new short-lived government headed by Ali Maher Pasha. The new government decided to send an official Egyptian delegation to the funeral of King George VI as a reconciliatory measure towards the United Kingdom. Amr Pasha was dispatched to London in his capacity as ambassador, along with Prince Muhammad Abdel Moneim, in order to attend the funeral, which was held on 15 February 1952. Nevertheless, Amr did not present new letters of credence to the new British sovereign, Queen Elizabeth II. The Maher government had to address two major national issues: the departure () of British military forces from the Suez Canal zone, and the unification () of Egypt and Sudan, which had hitherto been jointly administered by Egypt and the United Kingdom as a condominium. As a result, Anglo-Egyptian talks about negotiations were conducted, in which Amr Pasha played a major role. As Egypt's ambassador to the United Kingdom, he shuttled between London and Cairo trying to convey the Egyptian position to British politicians, notably Foreign Minister Anthony Eden, and then advise Egyptian leaders on the response. After the fall of the Maher government and its replacement by that of El-Hilali Pasha, the first official negotiating meeting took place on 22 March 1952. Amr was part of the Egyptian negotiating team, which also included El-Hilali Pasha himself as well as Foreign Minister Abdel-Khaleq Hassouna Pasha. The British side refused to commit itself publicly to "the principle of evacuation" before the start of the negotiations. The day after the official start of the negotiations, the Egyptian Parliament was dismissed. New elections were scheduled for 18 May, and martial law was extended indefinitely. The extreme political instability Egypt was witnessing at the time resulted in a military coup on 23 July 1952. After King Farouk's abdication in favor of his infant son Fuad II, the new Regency Council forced Amr into retirement at the end of August of the same year, replacing him as ambassador in London by Mahmoud Fawzi.

Paragraph 15: On 7 May 2018, the Federal Ministry of the Interior announced the results of an internationally open program competition for the building academy to be rebuilt. In August 2018, Berlin's Senator for Construction Katrin Lompscher (Die Linke) spoke out in favor of the reconstruction of the Bauakademie under the motto "As much Schinkel as possible". The implementation competition for the building should "take into account Schinkel's specifications for the building, structure and facade". In January 2019, the Federal Bauakademie Foundation was founded as the supporting organization for the reconstruction of the building. In November 2019, the SPD politician Florian Pronoldas the founding director and in January 2020 the cultural manager Julia Rust von Krosigk was elected as the vice director of the Bundesstiftung Bauakademie. Pronold's election provoked criticism in parts of the architecture community, which the Federal Ministry of the Interior, the Building Academy and Pronold himself rejected. Two competitors filed a lawsuit against the recruitment process. On 7 January, the labor court in Berlin issued an injunction in the proceedings of the plaintiff Philipp Oswalt , which prohibited the foundation from filling the director's position with Pronold, as the proceedings did not meet the requirements of the best selection that apply to public office. On 10 March 2020, Pronold announced that it would not take up the position as director On 12 June, the regional labor court confirmed the temporary injunction as a second instance on the grounds that the Federal Bauakademie Foundation is "designed according to the rules of the statutes in the sense of continued state control. The Federal Republic of Germany as the founder, represented by the Federal Government, represented by the Federal Ministries, has a continuing significant influence in the sense of a possible implementation of essential decisions. There is a financial and personal dependency, 'ruling through' in the above sense is possible. " On 9 September 2020, the Federal Ministry of the Interior for Building and Home Affairs announced that the director's position would be based on the judgment of the Berlin-Brandenburg State Labor Courtis rewritten.

Paragraph 16: After much speculation in the summer of 2010, Juventus and CSKA agreed on a fee for Krasić reported to be in the range of about €15 million. Krasić officially became a Juventus player on 21 August and was given the number 27 shirt. Krasić was instrumental in his home debut against Sampdoria, assisting a goal and creating many chances. The game ended 3–3. In his second away game in the Serie A, against Udinese, Krasić proved once again instrumental in their 4–0 victory, assisting Fabio Quagliarella and Claudio Marchisio for a goal each. Krasić scored his first Juventus goals against Cagliari on 26 September 2010, netting a hat-trick.

Paragraph 17: At the time of the 1857 uprising, old hostilities between the Raja of Mainpuri and the Nawab of Farrukhabad nearly led to open war, but after a face-off between their forces in Bewar in July, both forces joined hands against British rule. The Raja did not oppose a British armed unit led by Sir James Hope Grant when it marched through the district in October, but in December he heard that Brigadier Seaton was coming with a small force from Etah to join General Walpole at Mainpuri, and advanced to Kuraoli with the intention of barring the road. Seaton, however, easily outmaneuvered the local forces, and the rebels fled in disorder, losing eight guns and about a hundred men. It was after this action that the famous Hodson of Hodson's Horse in 1857-58 carried out one of his most daring exploits. Accompanied by his second-in-command, McDowell, and 75 men, he rode across a countryside swarming with rebels to carry despatches to the Commander-in-Chief, Sir Colin Campbell. He left most of his men at Bewar, but pushed on to Chhibramau with McDowell and 25 native men. There he learnt that Campbell was not at Gursahaiganj as expected, but at Miran ki Sarai, 15 miles further. The two officers rode on alone and reached Campbell's camp in safety, having ridden 55 miles in ten hours without changing horses. On their return the same evening they were warned by a native, to whom Hodson had given alms in the morning, that after their departure a party of 2,000 rebels had entered Chhibramau, killed the twenty-five troopers left there, and were now waiting for Hodson's return. Hodson and his companion nevertheless pressed on and, reaching the village, dismounted and passed quietly through it, unnoticed by the enemy. At Bewar they found a party sent by Seaton, who had heard of the disaster, and next day marched to Chhibramau himself, joining forces there with Brigadier Walpole on 3 January and proceeding with him to Fatehgarh. The civil authorities then reoccupied the district, and regained complete control late in 1858.

Paragraph 18: "After the Fireworks" was released as a single in the same year by Keith Glass, owner of the label Missing Link, who explained that he did so to recoup money he had lost on the Birthday Party in studio time."[The Birthday Party] were in AVV. It was costing top dollar—$1,000 a night... One night they came up with ["After the Fireworks"] because they had nothing better to do. So I said, "We'll use it as a vehicle to parlay against accrued costs"... I think Nick Cave came up with the idea to put it out as the Tuff Monks... It sold quite a few copies." – Keith Glass

Paragraph 19: In 1845, the Warsaw Governorate had established a new coat of arms, in form of a shield divided into seven fields, in three rows. The two bottom rows consisted of four rectangular fields of equal sizes, with two fields in both rows. The top row consisted of three triangular fields, with curved boundaries between them. It was dived into two smaller fields that bordered the sidewall and the row below, and a field twice the size of other two, located in the middle of the row, bordering the top wall. The top left field featured a red background, with a white (silver) Lamb of God facing right, with its head turned left, and a yellow (golden) aureola behind it. It hold a white (silver) banner with the red cross on it, and stood next to a yellow (golden) chalice, to which, it was bleeding blood from its chest. The top central field consisted of white and red chessboard, with the head of a black aurochs with a yellow (golden) crown, and a yellow (golden) ring in its nose. The top right field featured a background divided vertically onto two identical stripes, yellow and red. It depicted a left-facing half of a white lion, joined with a right-facing half of a white (silver) eagle, both wearing together a yellow (golden) crown on their head. The central left field featured a red background with a white (silver) eagle, with raised wings, its head turned left, and a yellow (golden) legs. The central right field featured a yellow (golden) background, with a left-facing half of a black lion, joined with a right-facing half of a white (silver) eagle, both wearing together a yellow (golden) crown on their heads. The bottom left field featured a background divided vertically onto two identical stripes, white and red. It depicted a left-facing half of a red lion, joined with a right-facing half of a white (silver) eagle, both wearing together a yellow (golden) crown on their heads. The bottom right field featured a red background, with a red eagle with raised wings, its head turned left, and a yellow (golden) legs, and a yellow (golden) letter R in a ring, placed on its chest. The four charges represented a historical subdivisions of Poland, that used to exist within the borders of the voivodeship. Those were from left to right, and from top to bottom: Wieluń Land, Kalisz Voivodeship, Sieradz Voivodeship, Masovian Voivodeship, voivodeships of Brześć Kujawski and Inowrocław, Łęczyca Voivodeship, and Rawa Voivodeship. The coat of arms had been used until 1866.

Paragraph 20: A 1996 paper from Gleick argued for defining and quantifying a basic water requirement of 50 liters of water per person per day for drinking, cooking, cleaning, and sanitation, and the United Nations cited this work in General Comment 15, drafted in 2002, which provided their clearest definition of the human right to water to that point United Nations Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in General Comment 15 drafted in 2002. General Comment 15 was a non-binding interpretation that access to water was a condition for the enjoyment of the right to an adequate standard of living, inextricably related to the right to the highest attainable standard of health, and therefore a human right. It stated: "The human right to water entitles everyone to sufficient, safe, acceptable, physically accessible and affordable water for personal and domestic uses." In 2010, the UN General Assembly formally adopted the human right to water and sanitation in General Assembly Resolution 64/292 on 28 July 2010. That Resolution recognized the right of every human being to have access to sufficient, safe, and affordable water for personal and domestic uses. In September 2010, the UN Human Rights Council adopted a resolution recognizing that the human right to water and sanitation forms part of the right to an adequate standard of living. Gleick’s work on basic water requirements and human rights was also used in the Mazibuko v. City of Johannesburg court case in South Africa addressing the human right to water in Phiri, one of the oldest areas of the Soweto township. The Pacific Institute contributed legal testimony for this case based on the work of Dr. Peter Gleick and the work of the Centre for Applied Legal Studies (CALS) of the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa and the Pacific Institute in Oakland, California was acknowledged with a 2008 Business Ethics Network BENNY Award.

Paragraph 21: In October 2021 a PIL was also filed in the Himachal Pradesh High Court which re-ignited the quest for recognizing Pahari (Himachali) or Western Pahari dialect chain spoken in Himachal as one of official languages of Himachal Pradesh.The petitioners through the PIL also requested the court to direct the State government to promote Pahari (Himachali) and other local languages as the medium of instruction in primary and middle-level schools as per the National Education Policy, 2020. As well as also prayed that the court direct the state government to include Pahari (Himachali) language as a separate category for the 2021 Census of India and simultaneously undertake an awareness campaign to create awareness amongst the masses, especially the youth of the State who speak Pahari (Himachali), to get it marked as their mother tongue in the upcoming Census. A bench of Chief Justice Mohammad Rafiq and Justice Sabina while disposing off the PIL stated,“The direction as has been prayed for, cannot be issued to the State Government until and unless it is established on record that the Pahari (Himachali) language has its own script and that a common Pahari dialect is spoken throughout the State of Himachal Pradesh.  We, however, set the petitioner at liberty to approach the Department of Language Art & Culture to the Government of Himachal Pradesh with his demand for undertaking research to promote a common Pahari (Himachali) nuclear language structure and nuclear Tankri script. If the petitioner approaches the respondents-State through its Additional Chief Secretary (Language Art & Culture) to the Government of Himachal Pradesh) for the prayer made in the Civil Writ Public Interest Litigation, it would be for the said authority to consider the same in accordance with the law.” Additionally, the petition had emphasised that Sanskrit, which is the second official language of the state, had only 936 speakers according to the 2011 census and Pahari (Himachali) dialect chain which is spoken by more than 40 lakh people was being neglected and has not been made an official language even after having so many speakers.

Paragraph 22: Four days later, the ship departed Norfolk in the screen of the aircraft carrier , bound ultimately for the western Pacific. Steaming via the Panama Canal and San Diego, California, the destroyer arrived in Pearl Harbor on 25 September. She conducted training exercises there for almost a month before departing the Hawaiian Islands on 23 October in the screen of . Steaming via Eniwetok and Manus Island, she arrived in Ulithi on 5 November. There, she became a unit of Task Group (TG) 38.4, of the fast carrier task force, with which she sortied that day for a series of air strikes on targets in the Philippines. The warship returned from that foray to Ulithi on 22 November and lay at anchor there until 27 November when she got underway with Destroyer Squadron (DesRon) 60 for the Philippines. She arrived in San Pedro Bay, Leyte, on 29 November and joined the screen of TG 77.2 operating in Leyte Gulf. She returned to the anchorage at San Pedro Bay on 4 December and remained there until 6 December when she departed with TG 78.3 to support landings from Ormoc Bay on the western coast of Leyte. The troops of the United States Army's 77th Infantry Division stormed ashore unopposed on 7 December, but the Japanese mounted heavy kamikaze attacks on the supporting ships in an attempt to foil the assault. During those air raids, Walke assisted the destroyer  when three kamikazes of a nine-plane raid succeeded in crashing into her. After rescuing a number of Mahans crewmen, Walke sent the stricken destroyer to the bottom with a torpedo and gunfire. The next day, en route back to San Pedro Bay, she helped to splash an attacking enemy aircraft. She safely reached her destination later that day and operated in Leyte Gulf and at San Pedro Bay until 13 December.

Paragraph 23: It is often held that the roots of scientific ecology may be traced back to Darwin. This contention may look convincing at first glance inasmuch as On the Origin of Species is full of observations and proposed mechanisms that clearly fit within the boundaries of modern ecology (e.g. the cat-to-clover chain – an ecological cascade) and because the term ecology was coined in 1866 by a strong proponent of Darwinism, Ernst Haeckel. However, Darwin never used the word in his writings after this year, not even in his most "ecological" writings such as the foreword to the English edition of Hermann Müller’s The Fertilization of Flowers (1883) or in his own treatise of earthworms and mull formation in forest soils (The formation of vegetable mould through the action of worms, 1881). Moreover, the pioneers founding ecology as a scientific discipline, such as Eugen Warming, A. F. W. Schimper, Gaston Bonnier, F.A. Forel, S.A. Forbes and Karl Möbius, made almost no reference to Darwin’s ideas in their works. This was clearly not out of ignorance or because the works of Darwin were not widespread.  Some such as S.A.Forbes studying intricate food webs asked questions as yet unanswered about the instability of food chains that might persist if dominant competitors were not adapted to have self-constraint. Others focused on the dominant themes at the beginning, concern with the relationship between organism morphology and physiology on one side and environment on the other, mainly abiotic environment, hence environmental selection. Darwin’s concept of natural selection on the other hand focused primarily on competition. The mechanisms other than competition that he described, primarily the divergence of character which can reduce competition and his statement that "struggle" as he used it was metaphorical and thus included environmental selection, were given less emphasis in the Origin than competition. Despite most portrayals of Darwin conveying him as a non-aggressive recluse who let others fight his battles, Darwin remained all his life a man nearly obsessed with the ideas of competition, struggle and conquest – with all forms of human contact as confrontation.

Paragraph 24: The Rabbit Ears Pass area covers 56 square miles in north central Colorado at the junction of the Rabbit Ears Range and the Park Range. The Rabbit Ear Pass highway, which is one of the most important transcontinental road links in the nation, was built by the state of Colorado, Routt, Grand, and Jackson counties, and the United States Forest Service. It was started in 1911 and was not completed until 1917. Present work is along lines of reducing curves and improving the roadbed.  The road connects Routt with Jackson and Grand counties and furnishes direct connection with Denver by way of Kremmling and Berthoud Pass, where the main range is crossed again. The pass straddles the Continental Divide at the southern end of the Park Range.  The name is taken from nearby Rabbit Ears Peak, a mountain in Jackson County, CO in the Park Range to the north that is prominently visible from the east side of the pass during good weather. The pass separates the upper basin of the Yampa River on the west from North Park and the upper basin of the North Platte River on the east. U.S. Highway 40 travels over the pass between Steamboat Springs and Kremmling; this is one of three crossings of the Continental Divide along the highway, along with nearby Muddy Pass to the southeast and the much higher Berthoud Pass closer to Denver.

Paragraph 25: At the 1715 general election he was returned again for Wilton and voted regularly with the Administration. He became Colonel of the Princess of Wales's Own Regiment of Horse in 1715 and served in the Jacobite Rebellion. He was said to have lost over £50,000 in the South Sea Bubble. He was returned again for Wilton at the 1722 general election. He became Colonel of Prince George of Denmark's Regiment in 1726.  At the 1727 general election he was returned as a Member of Parliament for the notorious rotten borough of Old Sarum in Wiltshire. In 1728 he was appointed Governor of the Leeward Islands and vacated his seat in the House of Commons.

Paragraph 26: The land on which the village of Amissville is now situated was part of the 5.3 million acre Northern Neck Proprietary owned in the 1700s by Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron. In 1649 King Charles II of England, then in exile in France after the execution of his father, Charles I, had given this unmapped and unsettled region to seven loyal supporters. By 1688 the proprietary was owned solely by Thomas Lord Culpeper whose only child married Thomas 5th Lord Fairfax in 1690. They acquired the proprietary on the death of Lord Culpeper and the region became synonymous with the Fairfax name. In 1719, Thomas 6th Lord Fairfax inherited the land. During 1747 to 1766, Lord Fairfax granted land that encompassed the area of today's Amissville to five individuals: Thomas Burk received 200 acres, Samuel Scott received 270 acres and 470 acres, James Genn received two grants of 400 acres each, Gabriel Jones received 380 acres, and Philip Edward Jones received 452 acres. It is widely believed that individuals with surnames Amiss and Bayse received land grants from Lord Fairfax in the Amissville area. However, there are no grants to anyone with these surnames recorded in the Virginia Colonial land grant books maintained by the Library of Virginia. Rather, Joseph Amiss and Edmond Bayse purchased existing land grants. On 14 July 1766 Joseph Amiss purchased, for 40 pounds, the 380 acres that had been granted to Gabriel Jones. On 15 October 1770 Edmond Bayse purchased, for 90 pounds, the 800 acres that had been granted to James Genn. On 1 July 1794, Joseph Amiss distributed his land and slaves as gifts to his three living sons William, Philip, and Thomas, and his grandsons William (son of William) and John (son of Thomas). In return, Joseph and his wife Constant were given a life estate to the property (10)Constant is believed to have been a daughter of Gabriel Jones. The sons and grandsons and their children purchased additional land in the Amissville area. On 20 April 1778, Edmond Bayse gave his son Elijamon 190 acres of the 800 acres that Edmond had acquired in 1770. This was the northern part of the 800 acres, located adjacent to today's Route 211. Although Elijamon sold this land in 1789, he and his children acquired other land in the Amissville area and became major landowners. The post office was established on 2 October 1810, with Thomas Amiss as its first postmaster. In 1854, Amissville was described as a small post-village with about 75 inhabitants.

Paragraph 27: Low Coniscliffe is a village in the civil parish of Low Coniscliffe and Merrybent, in County Durham, England. The population of the civil parish taken at the 2011 Census was 716.  It is situated  west of Darlington. Its present built-up area is confined in practice between the A1, the A67 and the Tees, but its old boundaries probably extend much further. Its most obvious landmark on the A67 is the Baydale Beck Inn. The village contains a couple of listed buildings and the probable site of a medieval manor house. There was once a gallows in the village. A rare fungus Rhodotus palmatus was found nearby.

Paragraph 28: Since the 11th century, some cities of central-northern Italy such as Arezzo, Pisa, Bologna had been the centre of the study of Roman law, after the  was rediscovered in western Europe. In the second half of the 11th century and at the beginning of the 12th century Roman law was generally studied and applied only in the cities (seat of the diocese) in which there was an imperial Prefecture, where imperial and ecclesiastical jurists (and courts) coexisted (such as Pisa and Bologna), with mutual interference. However, from the first editorial stages of the  it is clear that Gratian had little knowledge of Roman law and that he had a great sense of depth in the disputes dealt with in the ecclesiastical seats, especially in the appeal judgments dealt with in the Roman curia. Therefore, some scholars today exclude that he was trained in Justinian Roman law and that (at the beginning of his career) he worked mainly in certain cities (such as Arezzo, Pisa or Bologna) where Roman law was known and applied for years, it being plausible that he came from an episcopal city in which all jurisdiction, both civil and ecclesiastical, was dealt with by the only court present: the ecclesiastical one. Perhaps also for this reason he feels the need to create a legal work to be applied only in ecclesial courts and only for cases relating to canon law, putting an end to the mixture between civil and ecclesiastical jurisdictions. It is no coincidence that Dante Alighieri writes that he helped "one and the other forum", that is, he separated the canonical jurisdiction from the civil one. Gratian's work was an attempt, using early scholastic method, to reconcile seemingly contradictory canons from previous centuries. Gratian quoted a great number of authorities, including the Bible, papal and conciliar legislation, church fathers such as Augustine of Hippo, and secular law in his efforts to reconcile the canons. Gratian found a place in Dante's Paradise among the doctors of the Church: 

Paragraph 29: Pedro de Alvarado and his army advanced along the Pacific coast unopposed until they reached the Samalá River in western Guatemala. This region formed a part of the Kʼicheʼ kingdom, and a Kʼicheʼ army tried unsuccessfully to prevent the Spanish from crossing the river. Once across, the conquistadors ransacked nearby settlements in an effort to terrorise the Kʼicheʼ. On 8 February 1524 Alvarado's army fought a battle at Xetulul, called Zapotitlán by his Mexican allies (modern San Francisco Zapotitlán). Although suffering many injuries inflicted by defending Kʼicheʼ archers, the Spanish and their allies stormed the town and set up camp in the marketplace. Alvarado then turned to head upriver into the Sierra Madre mountains towards the Kʼicheʼ heartlands, crossing the pass into the fertile valley of Quetzaltenango. On 12 February 1524 Alvarado's Mexican allies were ambushed in the pass and driven back by Kʼicheʼ warriors but the Spanish cavalry charge that followed was a shock for the Kʼicheʼ, who had never before seen horses. The cavalry scattered the Kʼicheʼ and the army crossed to the city of Xelaju (modern Quetzaltenango) only to find it deserted. Although the common view is that the Kʼicheʼ prince Tecun Uman died in the later battle near Olintepeque, the Spanish accounts are clear that at least one and possibly two of the lords of Qʼumarkaj died in the fierce battles upon the initial approach to Quetzaltenango. The death of Tecun Uman is said to have taken place in the battle of El Pinar, and local tradition has his death taking place on the Llanos de Urbina (Plains of Urbina), upon the approach to Quetzaltenango near the modern village of Cantel. Pedro de Alvarado, in his third letter to Hernán Cortés, describes the death of one of the four lords of Qʼumarkaj upon the approach to Quetzaltenango. The letter was dated 11 April 1524 and was written during his stay at Qʼumarkaj. Almost a week later, on 18 February 1524, a Kʼicheʼ army confronted the Spanish army in the Quetzaltenango valley and were comprehensively defeated; many Kʼicheʼ nobles were among the dead. Such were the numbers of Kʼicheʼ dead that Olintepeque was given the name Xequiquel, roughly meaning "bathed in blood". In the early 17th century, the grandson of the Kʼicheʼ king informed the alcalde mayor (the highest colonial official at the time) that the Kʼicheʼ army that had marched out of Qʼumarkaj to confront the invaders numbered 30,000 warriors, a claim that is considered credible by modern scholars. This battle exhausted the Kʼicheʼ militarily and they asked for peace and offered tribute, inviting Pedro de Alvarado into their capital Qʼumarkaj, which was known as Tecpan Utatlan to the Nahuatl-speaking allies of the Spanish. Alvarado was deeply suspicious of the Kʼicheʼ intentions but accepted the offer and marched to Qʼumarkaj with his army.

Paragraph 30: Since 2010, there have been numerous instances of tourist murders. On 27 August 2010, an Italian tourist, Emiliano Astore, was murdered on his boat anchored off Margarita Island in an apparent robbery. Two police officers and a civilian were arrested. A third officer was implicated in the "exploitation of objects" from the crime. On 18 July 2011, 28-year-old Briton Tom Ossel was killed resisting seven armed robbers who had tricked their way into the Posada Casa Rosa backpackers' hotel in Playa El Agua before they took the guests hostage and raiding rooms for valuables. On 29 March 2011, French tourist Yves Le Bras was murdered in a robbery at the Laguna Mar hotel, while he and his wife dined at the Guacuco restaurant. In March 2011, Belgian tourist Philippe Bonne was murdered while eating in a fast food outlet in Playa El Agua, Margarita.  On 20 January 2012, about 30 or 35 Brazilian tourists were robbed in their hotel in Antolin del Campo, Margarita, by a gang of between 13 and 15 armed robbers. On 3 September 2013, a Dutch sailor was killed on his yacht while resisting armed robbers attempting to board his boat. On 7 February 2014, a few hours after arriving on the island, German cruise ship passenger Horst Kurt Fritz was killed by two gunmen on a motorcycle at a shop near the Sambil shopping center.