Paragraph 1: On 27 May 1964, Johnson invited his mentor, Senator  Richard Russell Jr. to the Oval Office for a discussion about Vietnam that, unknown to the latter, he recorded. Russell predicted that American involvement in Vietnam would lead to a war with China, saying "it's the damned worst mess I ever saw" and South Vietnam was "not important a damned bit". Johnson stated that his experts believed that China would not enter the war, but commented the experts had said the same thing in 1950. Johnson noted that according to most polls 63% of Americans did not know or care about Vietnam; those who did were making an issue of the 35 American advisers killed fighting in Vietnam so far in 1964. Russell noted that more Americans were killed in car accidents in Atlanta than had been killed in Vietnam but warned that public opinion could change if more Americans were killed. Russell dismissed the American ambassador to South Vietnam, Henry Cabot Lodge Jr., as too arrogant, saying "He's thinks he's dealing with barbarian tribes out there. And he's the emperor and he's just going to tell them what to do. There's no doubt in my mind that he had ol'Diem killed out there". Johnson called the coup that saw the Ngo brothers killed "a tragic mistake", which he blamed on Lodge. Russell suggested making Lodge into the "fall guy" for the failures of South Vietnam and urged Johnson to send an expert who was "not scared to death of McNamara" to go to South Vietnam to recommend a withdrawal, saying preferably the expert should be a war hero from World War Two, suggesting Omar Bradley or Lucius D. Clay as possible candidates. Johnson was intrigued by Russell's suggestion, but then changed the subject by calling Mansfield a "Milquetoast with no spine", saying contemptuously of Manfield's plans for an international conference to settle the Vietnam war: "Conferences aint' going to do a damn bit of good". Russell warned Johnson against relying too much on McNamara, saying: "McNamara is the smartest fella any of us know. But he's got so much-he's opinionated as hell-and he's made up his mind". Johnson expressed his confidence in McNamara, saying he was the most intelligent man he knew and said he was trying to buy time until the elections were over in November before deciding what to do. However, he complained: "But those politicians got to raising hell, and Scripps-Howard writing these stories, and all the Senators, and Nixon, Rockefeller and Goldwater-let's move, let's go in the North". After discussing the failure of the bombing campaign against North Korea in the Korean war, both men agreed that North Vietnam would not be defeated by strategic bombing. Johnson concluded: "Well, they'd impeach a president that runs out, wouldn't they? Outside of Morse, everybody says you got to go in".

Paragraph 2: Even before his uncle's death, Calvin had doubts about whether the Senators could survive in Washington. Not only was Griffith Stadium the smallest stadium in the majors, but the surrounding neighborhood had already gone to seed. At the 1956 World Series, Griffith, not even a year into his tenure as the Senators' president and majority owner, began preliminary talks with Los Angeles city and county officials about a potential transfer to the West Coast. Brooklyn Dodgers' owner Walter O'Malley, learning of Griffith's interest and thwarted by New York City officials in his plans to replace his decaying ballpark, Ebbets Field, soon supplanted Griffith as Los Angeles' prime target.  The Senators also attracted other suitors: The Washington Post reported in the autumn of 1956 that the club's board of directors had received (and rejected) feelers from San Francisco, Louisville — and Minneapolis. The Senators still owned their home ballpark, but Washington was considering building a new, publicly financed facility in a location Griffith disliked, saying it was too far from the team's traditional fan base in the District's northwest suburbs. Under the plan, Griffith's main tenants, the Washington Redskins of the National Football League, would abandon Griffith Stadium for the new District of Columbia Stadium (which they did upon its completion in the fall of 1961). While the new facility was intended for the Senators as well, Griffith and the District could not agree on rental terms.

Paragraph 3: The Roman Catholic Church defines marriage as a covenant "by which a man and a woman establish between themselves a partnership of the whole of life and which is ordered by its nature to the good of the spouses and the procreation and education of offspring." The church teaches that "homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered. They are contrary to the natural law. They close the sexual act to the gift of life. They do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity. Under no circumstances can they be approved." Nevertheless, homosexuals "must be accepted with respect, compassion, and sensitivity. Every sign of unjust discrimination in their regard should be avoided." Some Roman Catholics take this to mean that voting in favor of "benefits for lifelong partners" is a compassionate act, whereas others see voting in favor of "benefits for lifelong partners" as merely promoting behavior contrary to natural law. According to a 2009 survey, 59% of practicing Catholics oppose same-sex marriage, while those who are not practicing support it by 51%. Cardinal John Joseph O'Connor was an outspoken critic of homosexuality; other prominent Catholics who were outspoken critics have included John Boehner, David Vitter, Paul Ryan, Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, Jeb Bush, Bob McDonnell, Marco Rubio, Michael Steele, Donald Carcieri and Sam Brownback. Catholics Rudolph Giuliani, Chris Christie, Tim Kaine, James Martin, Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin, Archbishop Vincenzo Paglia, Cardinal Blase Cupich, Patrick J. Conroy (Jesuit chaplain to the U. S. House of Representatives), and Bob Casey Jr. have supported gay rights and civil unions but not same-sex marriage. Liberal Catholics have generally supported repeal of sodomy laws that called for jail time for homosexuals and Employment Non-Discrimination laws that would prohibit large employers from firing workers because of sexual orientation. Conservative Catholics have taken the contrary view, rejecting claims that these are examples of "unjust discrimination" and that because homosexual act is an intrinsic evil, it must always be opposed.

Paragraph 4: Emperor tamarins occur mostly in Amazonian lowland and lower mountain rain forests, as well as remnant, primary, and secondary forests.  Amazonian lowland holds an abundance of water during high sea level due to the flooding by nearby water sources.  This contributes to a very humid, tropical climate to occur year-round. The lower montane forests Emperor tamarins are primarily found in are considered tropical and moist with an abundance of vegetation.  During the dry season, flowering peaks and in the wet season, flowering decreases, affecting the diets of the Emperor tamarins.  Many Emperor tamarins are found in Amazonian secondary forests, which account for 40% of the forest area. Secondary forests appear to accumulate woody plant species at a relatively rapid rate but the mechanisms involved are complex and no clear pattern emerged. This process helped grow the trees in which Emperor tamarins primarily reside in when found in secondary forests.  The average size of the group tamarins live in is two to eight individuals, but it can range from four to eighteen.  They reside in the form of an extended family group, usually with only one breeding female.  The groups they live in usually only consist of Emperor tamarins, but occasionally can also include Saddle-back tamarins considering their food scavenging groups often join together.  This is due to the fact Emperor tamarins tend to stay higher in the canopy than 10 meters, and Saddle-back tamarins usually stay below 10 meters.

Paragraph 5: On discharge from the Royal Engineers, Samuel Dougal gave what appeared to be his youngest brother's address in Battersea as his destination. He soon moved from here to the Isle of Wight where he set up home with a woman named Marian Paine, a widow with children. She subsequently bore several illegitimate children of Dougal's. With Marian, Dougal acquired the goodwill and furniture of the Royston Crow public house on Baldock Street in Ware, Hertfordshire in 1889. A fire at the Royston Crow, following soon after an earlier one that had been extinguished by a business neighbour, raised suspicions of arson. Dougal was charged with defrauding an insurance company but was found not guilty. Nevertheless, the local magistrates refused to return his licence. In 1892, Marian left Dougal over his bad behaviour towards her. Later in the same year he married Sarah Henrietta White, a 20-year-old Irishwoman. With Sarah, Dougal began his career of defrauding easily-victimised women. He persuaded a woman called Emily Booty to live with him as his wife but promptly spent her money and humiliated her by bringing his real wife to live at their joint home. Miss Booty suffered further public humiliations attempting to regain possession of her property. Dougal moved on but did not give up his schemes until he was found guilty of stealing and forging cheques. He was sentenced to twelve months prison with hard labour to be served at Pentonville Prison. Faking a suicide attempt, he was removed to Cane Hill Lunatic Asylum where he served most of his sentence. He was discharged perfectly sane on 8 December 1896. Again his youngest brother helped him by providing employment for him at Biggin Hill, Kent and he was here until 1898 by which time he had lined up his next target, 56-year-old Camille Cecile Holland. Miss Holland is believed to have advertised for a husband to which Dougal presented himself as a candidate. Having ensnared her, though he was still legally married to Sarah, they first set up home as a married couple near Brighton. Soon they were in negotiations to purchase Coldhams, a property in Clavering, Essex. Miss Holland was to finance the deal and insisted her name appear on the contract documentation. As Mr and Mrs Dougal, Miss Holland and Samuel Dougal found lodgings at Saffron Walden whilst Coldhams was renovated. On 24 April 1899 Miss Holland and Samuel Dougal moved into the property that they had renamed Moat House Farm - or Moat Farm as it was to become known.

Paragraph 6: The government subsidization allowed the newspapers to be priced low and distributed widely. Newspapers were distributed by government administrations, and had three streams of revenue. One stream was subscriptions that people would pay to read. A second was advertisements along with some papers which was having more than others.It was an example which was widely spreading that evening newspapers in the major cities.However, these were popular advertisement vehicles because they had the widest audience base. Lastly, newspapers received very substantial subsidies from their parent organization. Subsequently, the Soviet system had no capital costs, as subsidies would cover them. Thus if the Central Committee of the Communist Party decided to publish a paper it would build the plant, equip it, and then turn it over to the Newspaper's company. Yet, there were attempts to achieve economies of scale, and major publications would produce smaller more class-oriented papers because the parent government administration publishing the paper would cover the capital investments. This capital investment cost coverage, which was not limited to a single production plant.It allowed papers such as Pravda, to be distributed across the entire Soviet Union in one morning,that was a feat which Western papers such as The New York Times would not achieve for twenty-five or more years. On the down side, the Soviets had set up a system in which everyone would receive their news at relatively the same time. Most of these stories came from the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union, making it both a news agency and the main distributor of government information. And so, the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union was similar to the United States White House Press Secretary heading the Associated Press. A side effect of the Telegraphic agency being the most important source was that many stories could not be covered until the agency itself had covered it. Also, this distribution of news by the government meant that not everyone could read the same publications. Governmental clearances thus dictated who could read what.

Paragraph 7: Shakespeare's Sonnet 57, shows that "his love for the fair youth is seen as pure and even heavenly…" but in other sonnets he introduces new characters, one in particular the Dark Lady, "his association with the dark lady leads to infection and madness of love".  He also uses a terminology about his love and how beautiful it appears, but when this love is being directed to a young man this might appear out of the norm at this time. In the line "Whilst I, my sovereign, watch the clock for you" the word "sovereign" implies that the youth is held at a higher degree and "watch the clock for you" implies that he will wait for something to happen because of the youth's age or because he is waiting for the youth to recognise his love.  The line "nor dare I question with my jealous thought" implies that he has considered that jealously will raise doubts in his head and might drive his love to madness.  That this could end up driving the poet to insanity is suggested in this line, "but, like a sad slave, stay and think of nought." The Speaker is referring to himself as the slave again and is diminishing himself by implying no one would love so low and asking the fair youth to clear his mind of all thoughts of him.  Although he is comparing himself to a slave, the poet's love has never once subsided.   The last two lines saying "so true a fool is love, that in your will, though you do anything, he thinks no ill." The word "will" could be seen as desire or possibly used as a pun on his name, Will.  Since he thinks no ill, he is admitting that his love for the youth has made him a fool: "Ultimately Shakespeare provides space for the homoerotic but must eventually return to the perpetuating systems of heterosexual love". This critique states that Shakespeare's sonnets must seen as a continuation of love sonnets that play with different ideas of love. Love could imply economic interest or patronage. Another way of viewing the poet's intent could be a sexual or erotic attraction (as the critic Rudd emphasises) or a brotherly or platonic affection.

Paragraph 8: The outbreak of War put an end to his career in local government. In anticipation of a Soviet invasion and the consequent occupation of the Wilno region - moves which were the fulfillment of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, Stanisław made his way through the still autonomous Lithuania. He hoped to reach France from there, and join the fight against Germany. It was not easy despite the fact that he had a valid French visa. The Lithuanian Government, in an attempt to ingratiate themselves with the Nazi government, banned all young people from leaving the country. Everybody knew that young person would try to join the Polish Army which was just being formed in France, in order to continue fighting against Hitler. Using his quick wits and a false medical certificate of tuberculosis (given to him by a friendly doctor from Kaunas), he overcome many obstacles, travelling through Latvia, Estonia and Sweden. In November 1939 he arrived in France and on 18 December 1939 signed up as a soldier of the Polish Army. His army identity document bears the number 3138, and the date 30 December 1939. He served in the Armée Polonaise first as a lieutenant commanding a platoon of grenadiers, and then as an aide-de-camp (adjutant). Finally, he was promoted as Commander of the Headquarters of the 6th Regiment of the 2nd Division of Infantry. His division had a chance to fight the enemy, but after its defeat at Maîche, the division was given orders to cross the border to Switzerland. Once there, the soldiers were sent to an internment camp. After only a week, Stanisław Radziwon secretly left the camp for France in an attempt to reach Great Britain and pursue his fight against the Nazis. He vividly described his dramatic escapades and ordeals, in stories published in Wiadomości (published in Scotland) [1]. After many ups and downs he reached Paris, where he hid in a convent. He was able to obtain forged French identity documents and bicycled all the way to the Pyrenees, helped on his way by friendly local people. There he met smuggler who had been recommended to him and was led by him through the mountains to the outskirts of San Sebastian in Spain. However, the Guardia Civil arrested and imprisoned him and later sent him by train to France again. He escaped from the train, only to be arrested by the Gestapo. Sentenced to death, he miraculously escaped with his life. Relentlessly, he forced his way to Spain again and then to Portugal, where in July 1941 he received his Polish passport from the Legacio da Polonia (Rua das Amoreiras 105 in Lisbon). The passport was issued by the Consular Section in Bern, Switzerland. On 5 August 1941 he received a British visa. The document declared: ‘Permitted to land in the United Kingdom on condition that the holder reports at once to the Polish Army headquarters in the United Kingdom and is subject to such further conditions as the Secretary of State may at any time impose’. In a secret British military operation he and other volunteers were then transported from the coast to a boat and then sailed to Gibraltar. He waited six weeks in Gibraltar and finally arrived in Great Britain on 17 October 1941. The next day he was officially drafted into the Army.  After lengthy training in England he was sent to Scotland, where in 1943 he joined the 2nd Infantry Battalion, commonly called the ‘Tartan Lions’.

Paragraph 9: The Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant () is a decommissioned two-unit RBMK-1500 nuclear power station in Visaginas Municipality, Lithuania. It was named after the nearby city of Ignalina. Due to the plant's similarities to the infamous Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in both reactor design and lack of a robust containment building, Lithuania agreed to close the plant as part of its accession agreement to the European Union. Unit 1 was closed in December 2004; Unit 2, which counted for 25% of Lithuania's electricity generating capacity and supplied about 70% of Lithuania's electrical demand, was closed on December 31, 2009. Proposals have been made to construct a new nuclear power plant at the same site, but plans have not materialised since then.

Paragraph 10: During the Japanese rule (1895–1945), the Bunun were among the last peoples to be "pacified" by the Japanese government in residence. After an initial period of fierce resistance, they were forced to move down from the mountains and concentrated into a number of lowland villages that were spread across the Island. As a result, the family unit became less important and life centred on individual village units. The Japanese government restricted hunting practices (mainly to control the use of firearms) and introduced wet rice cultivation. The Bunun Aboriginals under Chief  (lāhè· āléi) engaged in guerilla warfare against the Japanese for twenty years. Raho Ari's revolt was sparked when the Japanese implemented a gun control policy in 1914 against the Aboriginals in which their rifles were impounded in police stations when hunting expeditions were over. The  began at Dafen when a police platoon was slaughtered by Raho Ari's clan in 1915. A settlement holding 266 people called Tamaho was created by Raho Ari and his followers near the source of the Laonong River and attracted more Bunun rebels to their cause. Raho Ari and his followers captured bullets and guns and slew Japanese in repeated hit and run raids against Japanese police stations by infiltrating over the Japanese "guardline" of electrified fences and police stations as they pleased. Many Bunun were recruited as local policemen and during WWII, the Japanese army had Bunun regiments.

Paragraph 11: Super Punch-Out!! was released in North America October 1994 and in Europe on . It was rereleased in North America in 1996, and it was released in Japan as part of the Nintendo Power service on March 1, 1998, which allowed users to download the game unto a rewriteable flash RAM cartridge via a kiosk. In addition, Electronic Arts included the game as an unlockable bonus item along with its protagonist as an unlockable boxer in the GameCube version of Fight Night Round 2 as part of Nintendo's deal of featuring Nintendo characters in the GameCube versions of some EA Sports titles. The game was later released for the Wii's Virtual Console service in Europe and Australia on , in North America on  and in Japan on . Super Punch-Out!! is the fourth game in the Punch-Out!! series and was developed by Nintendo Integrated Research and Development and was produced by Minoru Arakawa, Genyo Takeda and Makoto Wada. Voice actor Charles Martinet was credited for providing the voices of the boxers, the referee and the announcer. Nintendo IRD was developing this game simultaneously with Zoda's Revenge: StarTropics II. The game is the closest arcade-to-home console translation of the Punch-Out!! and Super Punch-Out!! arcades; however, like the NES titles, the Super NES title is not a direct port. Shortly before the game was finished and released, some screenshots and video footage of the prototype were shown in a video preview of the game, as well as in an issue of Nintendo Power magazine and two official television commercials, which all showed the protagonist of the game with a different look as well as the announcer having a different voice compared to the ones in the final version seen in the finished and released version. The game had a marketing budget of $3.5 million.

Paragraph 12: Joerg Hellwig, head of marketing at Intercord, told Billboard that Fool's Garden's music is "colorful guitar pop with a British touch and clear references to this genre's great tradition, which was perfected by The Beatles and have never been surpassed." The band members tried to avoid the use of electro elements and other effects and relied on acoustics to try to achieve a natural sound of the music. By the same edition, the band's style was characterized as Middle of the Road. A critic from Music & Media, describing the musical style of Dish of the Day, noted that the sound of Fool's Garden is based on the style of The Beatles, but the sound of guitars is closer to rock, and the song "Lemon Tree" was described as a mixture of circus music and bubblegum pop of the late 60s with signature melodies. In a review by Danish magazine Gaffa on the next album, Go and Ask Peggy for the Principal Thing, Lars Nielsen wrote that the release continues the "light airy melody" of its predecessor. In an interview for Billboard on the release of For Sale, the band's producer Steffen Koch noted that the band's songs have matured, with a more rock emphasis, while maintaining a Beatlesque sound. The songs in 25 Miles to Kissimmee were mostly melodic rock ballads. After the line-up change, Fools Garden moved away from Britpop and on the following album Ready for the Real Life they switched to "guitar-oriented rock". The style of the song "Cook It a While" was compared to the US West Coast rock. The album Who Is Jo King? was characterized by a strong bias towards indie pop, while certain elements of dance and electronic music started to be introduced into the band's sound. On their latest album Rise and Fall, Fools Garden returned to their original style, while continuing to experiment with sound. For example, the song "Still Running" was completely recorded in synth pop style.

Paragraph 13: "The reason for avoiding parallel 5ths and 8ves has to do with the nature of counterpoint. The P8 and P5 are the most stable of intervals, and to link two voices through parallel motion at such intervals interferes with their independence much more than would parallel motion at 3rds or 6ths." "Since the octave really represents a repetition of the same tone in a different register, if two or more octaves occur in succession, the result is a reduction in the number of voices; for example, in a two-voice setting, one of the voices would temporarily disappear, and along with it the rationale of the intended two-voice setting. The octave acts merely as a doubling; if, in a particular instance, it is not intended to act as such, this must be sufficiently emphasized by what precedes and follows it. But even the succession of two octaves brings the sense of doubling into the foreground. Of course, this must not be confused with an intentional doubling used to strengthen sonority, for which, however, strict counterpoint offers no motivation." Similarly, "Parallel 8ves...reduce the number of voices...since the voice that [momentarily] doubles at the 8ve...is not an independent voice but merely a duplication. Parallel 8ves...may also confuse the functions of the voices...If the upper voice succession...is merely a duplication of the bass, then the actual soprano must be...the alto voice. This interpretation of course makes no sense, for it turns the texture inside out." "Parallel 5ths are avoided because the 5th, formed by scale degrees 1 and 5, is the primary harmonic interval, the interval that divides the scale and thus defines the key. The direct succession of two 5ths raises doubt concerning the key."

Paragraph 14: Robonaut 1 (R1) was the first model. The two Robonaut versions (R1A and R1B) had many partners including DARPA. None were flown to space. Other designs for Robonaut propose uses for teleoperation on planetary surfaces, where Robonaut could explore a planetary surface while receiving instructions from orbiting astronauts above. Robonaut B was introduced in 2002, R1B is a portable version of R1. R1 had several lower bodies.  One of these was the Zero-G Leg, which if Robonaut was working on the space station he would climb using the external handrails and then use his zero-g leg to latch onto the station using a WIF socket. Another was the Robotic Mobility Platform (RMP), developed in 2003, it is a base with two wheels using a Segway PT. And the four wheeled Centaur 1, which was developed in 2006.

Paragraph 15: Irene, raised to believe in a proper Victorian code of behaviour, was easily shocked by what she saw as immorality. In 1884, the same year that her elder sister Victoria married Prince Louis of Battenberg, another sister, Elisabeth, married Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia, and when Elisabeth converted from Lutheranism to Russian Orthodoxy, in 1891, Irene was deeply upset. She wrote to her father that she "cried terribly" over Elisabeth’s decision.  In 1892, Irene's father, Grand Duke Louis IV, died, and her brother, Ernest, succeeded him as Grand Duke of Hesse. Two years later, in May 1894, Ernest Louis was married off by Queen Victoria to a first cousin, Victoria Melita of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. It was amidst the wedding festivities that Irene's youngest surviving sister, Alix, accepted the marriage proposal of Tsarevich Nicholas, a second cousin, and when Nicholas' father died prematurely in November 1894, Irene and her husband travelled to St. Petersburg to be present at both his funeral and the wedding of Alix, who had taken the name Alexandra Feodorovna upon her conversion to Orthodoxy, to the new tsar, Nicholas II. Despite the disagreement that she had over the conversion of two of her sisters to Russian Orthodoxy, she remained close with all of her siblings. In 1907, Irene helped arrange what later turned out to be a disastrous marriage between Elisabeth’s ward, Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna of Russia, to Prince Vilhelm, Duke of Södermanland. Wilhelm's mother, the Queen of Sweden, was an old friend of both Irene and Elisabeth. Grand Duchess Maria later wrote that Irene pressured her to go through with the marriage when she had doubts. She told Maria that ending the engagement would "kill" Elisabeth. In 1912, Irene was a source of support to her sister Alix when Alexei nearly died of complications of haemophilia at the Imperial Family's hunting lodge in Poland.

Paragraph 16: The original Old Main was completed in 1863 after a six-year period of construction. Hugh McAllister designed the structure to contain classrooms, laboratories, offices, a chapel, and residential space for 400 students. The limestone used to build the structure was quarried from the land directly in front of it, and was carried in part by a mule named Old Coaly, whose bones were subsequently preserved.  After being deemed structurally unsound in the 1920s, the building was razed in 1929 and rebuilt in 1930. The new building, occupying the same footprint as the previous structure and incorporating some of its limestone, was christened "Old Main". The renovations cost $837,000, which was mostly paid for by state appropriations and an emergency building fund campaign. The bell in the tower was a gift from the 1904 graduating class, and Westminster chimes were added as a gift of the 1937 class. The original chimes remained in use until the late 1970s when the university replaced them with a mix of mechanical and electronic bells. These bells eventually gave way in 1993 to the digital chimes which ring over the campus today. Between 1940 and 1949, Henry Varnum Poor utilized the fresco style to paint large murals (over 1300 ft2) on the second floor of Old Main that depict Penn State's land grant history.

Paragraph 17: The unwieldy fleet had virtually no captains with experience in any sort of fleet operations, and many of them were used to the independence afforded by their privateering operations.  While Saltonstall had participated in the Nassau expedition, he had only exercised command over his ship.  Furthermore, the expedition was to be his maiden voyage aboard his new command.  The expedition sailed for Penobscot Bay on July 19.  When it arrived near the British base, commanders of the various forces met to consider their attack in a council that was later described by Paul Revere, the militia's artillery leader, as "more like a meeting in a Coffee House than a council of War". Nothing of consequence was agreed, and the resultant lack of coordination between the various forces proved disastrous. Saltonstall and Lovell disagreed on tactics, and Saltonstall refused to take steps to engage the three British ships that were anchored near the fort in somewhat treacherous waters.  He finally engaged Henry Mowat's small fleet at long range on June 29; his inexperienced gunnery crews did little damage, while Mowat's did significant damage to Warren and other ships.  This made Saltonstall reluctant to order further engagements, including in support of land and amphibious operations.  The arrival of a British relief fleet under Admiral George Collier at the mouth of the bay led to further strains.  Saltonstall at first set up a line of defense against the arriving fleet, but when they began to close, he essentially ordered each ship to act independently, and the fleet organization dissolved.  Most of the ships were eventually grounded and burned; some were captured after brief exchanges by the British.  The land forces were essentially abandoned, and many men had to make lengthy overland treks back to civilization.

Paragraph 18: The plots of the Sartana films mostly revolve around short-term alliances and betrayals between groups who are attempting to get money or objects of value. These acts of duplicity occur continuously between various characters, which Bert Fridlund of Film International described as "producing quite complex stories". Rather than following a continuous storyline, all films in the series are stand-alone and do not require knowledge of the plots or characters of earlier entries. In the first film, If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death (1968), Sartana arrives in a small town that is rife with corruption where several criminals are after a chest of gold and often double-cross and black mail each other to get it. They are continuously interrupted by Sartana who makes away with it. The second film, I am Sartana, Your Angel of Death (1969), finds Sartana as a wanted man after a bank robbery which he is framed in committing. Sartana tries to avoid several bounty hunters who are after him while unravelling who is behind who has framed him. In Sartana's Here… Trade Your Pistol for a Coffin (1970), Sartana arrives in a mining town where he gets involved with several double crosses involving a stolen shipment of gold. He often meets with a character named Sabata, a white-clad gunman who quotes Shakespeare and Tennyson who foils several of Sartana's plans. The character of Sabata in this film is not the same character from the 1969 film of the same name. In the fourth film, Have a Good Funeral, My Friend... Sartana Will Pay (1970), an owner of a goldmine is murdered, leading his daughter to arrive in town to claim the property. She finds herself thwarted by several criminals and the sheriff in town to who all have their eye on the gold until Sartana arrives to interfere with their plans. In the last film in the official series, Light the Fuse... Sartana Is Coming (1970), Sartana helps clear the name of Grandville Fuller, who he assists in a jailbreak after he is accused of murder. The two head to the scene of a crime to unravel the situation. Curti described this final film to have elements of other genres such as the giallo, where Sartana is a detective who investigates and solves a mystery. Curti also noted that the film features a near-cartoonish amount of irony that was only touched upon in previous entries to the series.

Paragraph 19: Bravo returned to the WWF in late 1986 with a new look. He was now noticeably more muscular and almost immediately began bleaching his brown hair blonde and turned on the Rougeau Brothers to become a heel. He began working as part of Luscious Johnny Valiant's stable with Greg "The Hammer" Valentine and Brutus Beefcake. Beefcake was kicked out of the stable at WrestleMania III and Bravo took his place in The Dream Team tag team with Valentine. Bravo returned to singles competition after a few months and began a strongman gimmick. In his days of wrestling mostly in Canada, Bravo was known as more of a technical wrestler, but with his strongman gimmick his technical side was pushed into the background and his style changed to using power (brawling) moves such as bodyslams, clotheslines, punches and kicks, and other power holds such as the bearhug, while his finishing move changed from an airplane spin to a sidewalk slam. At the 1988 Royal Rumble, Bravo (who was legitimately strong and was said to be able to press more than 500 pounds) attempted to bench press what he claimed was 715 pounds, which would have been a world record at that time. Commentator (and former bodybuilder) Jesse "The Body" Ventura helped lift the bar at one point, but Bravo played the lift as a success and began billing himself as the "World's Strongest Man." In this gimmick, Bravo feuded with Don Muraco, Ken Patera, Ron Garvin, and Jim Duggan.

Paragraph 20: After destroying a gypsy's fortune teller's office, Homer is cursed to bring misfortune to his loved ones. The curse soon takes effect, with Marge becoming fully hair covered (Though she starts with a beard) from her blue hair, Lisa turning into a centaur, Bart's neck becoming long and floppy as a result of Homer strangling him, Maggie becoming a ladybug with a human head, Lenny and Carl crushed by a helicopter, and Moe stuffed unconscious in a large jar of pickled eggs (with Homer wondering how that happened). From Moe's and the barflies' last suggestions, Homer sets out to find a leprechaun to end the curse. Homer uses Lucky Charms cereal as bait to get the leprechaun, eventually finding one after picking through a group of other magical creatures. Homer takes the leprechaun home, but the leprechaun is extremely hyperactive and he runs amok. On Lisa's suggestion, Homer takes the leprechaun to the gypsy's office and sics him on her. The leprechaun and gypsy fight, but their struggles soon turn into passionate kissing and fondling, much to Homer's disgust. The leprechaun and the gypsy marry in a ceremony (led by Yoda) attended by other gypsies and mythical creatures, as well as the Simpson family. Homer remarks that everything ended happily, Marge reminds him that Bart committed suicide by drowning in his cereal, and that the gypsy said  apologizing will bring him back to life. Homer refuses, saying, "She's not the boss of me!".

Paragraph 21: Construction of the fort started in February 1813 by soldiers under the command of General William Henry Harrison (future president) at a site where present-day Perrysburg, Ohio developed. It was to provide a supply depot and staging point for US military operations in Canada that would also command the rapids of the Maumee River. The remnants of the British Fort Miami were across the river downstream, to the northeast. The winter climate was harsh, and the landscape unforgiving. A U.S. sentry froze to death during his two hours of guard duty. The walls were constructed using logs cut to a 15-foot length, partially buried in the ground, then protected by a steep earthen slope thrown against the logs to strengthen them against bombardment. An embankment against the interior side provided a parapet. When completed, the fort was the largest wooden walled fortification in North America.

Paragraph 22: MS 182 begins at an intersection with US 82 west of Starkville in Oktibbeha County, heading southeast as a two-lane undivided road. The highway runs through forested areas with some fields and homes, passing through the community of Adaton. The road continues through rural areas and curves east. MS 182 enters Starkville and comes to an interchange with MS 25. At this interchange, the highway becomes a four-lane road called Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive West and passes commercial development before it narrows back to two lanes and runs through wooded areas with homes and businesses. The road continues east through more commercial areas as it passes to the north of downtown Starkville, with the name changing to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive East at the Dr. Douglas L. Conner Drive intersection. MS 182 gains a center left-turn lane and intersects the southern terminus of MS 389 a short distance later. The highway passes more businesses and comes to a bridge over a Kansas City Southern Railway line. MS 182 widens into a four-lane divided highway and comes to an interchange with MS 12 on the eastern border of Starkville. After this, the road passes through the northern portion of the Mississippi State University campus.

Paragraph 23: For a period of two years from 1840 Wilhelm Griesinger (1817–1868) worked as a medical assistant to Zeller at the Winnental Asylum. While there, he adopted and adapted his senior colleague's model of a unitary psychosis. He did not, however, shares Zeller's conviction regarding the nature of the human soul or character and its role in madness. A convinced somaticist and commonly considered one of the founders of materialist psychiatry, in the 1845 text which established him as one of the leading scientific psychiatrists of his era, Pathologie and Therapie der psychischen Krankheiten, he conceived of character, or "psychological tonus", as derived from the action of a postulated "psychic reflex action" (psychische Reflexaktion) produced by the stimulus of the accumulated representations (Vorstellungen) of the individual's life experience. The concept of psychic reflex action was drawn by analogy from the physiological reflex action of the nervous system in response to a stimulus and he argued that both forms of reflex had the same mode of action and obeyed the same physical laws.  Mental illnesses occurred, he posited, when the system of psychic reflex action failed to function correctly and were either diminished, leading to melancholia, or accelerated, leading to mania. His belief was that mental illness was a disease of the brain but that this in turn was caused by psychological factors. His emphasis on the brain as the central site of mental illness has led to his association with the so-called Somatiker (somaticists) who had argued that the causes of mental illness were entirely physical whereas their opponents, the Psychiker, insisted that mental disorders were the result of psychological perversions, moral failings, or diseases of the soul (Seelenkrankheit). As with Zeller, he postulated that melancholia constituted the primary form of mental illness which then passed to mania before terminating in dementia. In his 1861 text Mental Pathology and Therapeutics Griesinger proposed a classificatory division of types of mental anomalies between those characterised by emotional disturbances and those characterised by disturbances in the intellectual and volitional functions. He argued, based on his observation of cases, that the former condition preceded the latter where disorders of the intellect and will appeared "only as consequences and terminations" of disturbances of the emotions if "the cerebral affliction has not been cured". These two categories thus constituted, for Griesigner, "the different forms [and] the different stages of one morbid process". The general trajectory of this mental pathology tended towards "a constant progressive course, which may even proceed to complete destruction of the mental life". Greisinger maintained his belief in unitary psychosis until the 1860s.

Paragraph 24: By September 1864, the Confederacy had little chance of a military victory, and incumbent President of the United States Abraham Lincoln had an edge over George B. McClellan  who supported an immediate peace in the 1864 United States presidential election.  With the dire situation east of the Mississippi River in the Atlanta campaign and Siege of Petersburg, General Edmund Kirby Smith, commander of the Confederate Trans-Mississippi Department, was ordered by Confederate President Jefferson Davis's military advisor General Braxton Bragg to send his infantry across the river to more important areas of the war.  Union Navy control of the Mississippi River made this impossible.  Instead, Smith decided to attack, despite having limited resources.  Confederate Major General Sterling Price and Confederate Governor of Missouri Thomas Caute Reynolds, who had replaced Jackson in February 1863 after the latter's death, proposed an invasion of Missouri.  Smith approved of the plan and placed Price in command of the offensive.  The invasion was designed to start a popular uprising against Union control of the state, draw Union troops away from more important theaters of the war, and improve McClellan's chance of defeating Lincoln.  Smith's order tasked Price to "make St. Louis the objective point of your movement" and, if "compelled to withdraw from the State", to retreat through Kansas and the Indian Territory, gathering supplies in the process.

Paragraph 25: Van Flyheight - Van is a fourteen year old (at the beginning of the show) orphan of the previous war between the Republic and Empire. His home is the Wind Colony, a village just within the borders of the Helic Republic. Van has an older sister, Maria Flyheight, who is in her late teens. Their father, Major Daniel "Dan" Flyheight, was a pilot with the Republican Army, using a Command Wolf called Zeke. He was killed defending the Wind Colony from an Imperial attack when Van was nine. At the start of the series, Van is chased into some ruins by a bandit named Bol. He then finds two capsules in the ruin. Van opens one to find an Organoid, whom he names Zeke after his father's zoid. He then fights off the bandits in a Shield Liger, which was brought back to life by Zeke. Van then opens up the second capsule, and finds a girl, who he names Fiona. Van then starts a journey to find Fiona's memories, and becomes caught up in a new war, and a plot to take over Zi. Van is a bit dense to start with, but is loyal to his companions and has a good heart. His open nature means that many people are attracted to him, and he enjoys a good challenge. He pilots a Shield Liger, a lion type Zoid that can deploy a shield in front of itself. It later evolves into a Blade Liger, which gives it a pair of laser-edged blades capable of cutting through all but the densest of enemy armor. His favorite food is mentioned as papaya. Throughout the course of the series, Van and Fiona fall in love. 

Paragraph 26: The group signed with Jive Records in 1991 after R. Kelly met the members from Public Announcement and auditioned them to be his backup singers and dancers. The group was originally R. Kelly backed up by Earl Robinson, Andre Boykins, and Ricky Webster. R. Kelly and Public Announcement released their collaboration album, Born into the 90's in January 1992. One of the last albums to be released during the new jack swing period of the early 1990s, the album included the hits "She's Got That Vibe", "Honey Love", "Dedicated", and "Slow Dance (Hey Mr. DJ)" all of which was led by Kelly, eventually leading to the album reaching a million copies domestically and going platinum.  (Overall, "Honey Love" and "Slow Dance (Hey Mr. DJ)" were the only two hits to reach No. 1 on the R&B chart during Public Announcement's tenure.) The group was billed as R. Kelly and Public Announcement essentially making the group backup members for Kelly rather than a cohesive unit. After a successful tour ended in 1993, Kelly parted ways with Public Announcement to begin a solo career, The group suddenly left the music industry after his departure. Public Announcement brought in a new member Big Mel. With Earl, Rick, Andre, and Mel, the group signed with Atlantic Records. They released a single "Take Advantage Of Me" but an album never materialized and Andre, Rick, and Big Mel left the group. Boykins and Big Mel worked on music together and individual careers. Boykins also continues to work closely with R. Kelly. According to his Myspace page, Boykins is currently a songwriter and producer at the Chocolate Factory studio in Chicago; he often tours with Kelly, and has been featured in many of Kelly's videos such as "I Wish", "When a Woman's Fed Up", and "Contagious" by The Isley Brothers to name a few.

Paragraph 27: For the Falcons home opener the 1–0 St. Louis Rams came to the Georgia Dome to take on the 1–0 Falcons. The Falcons started their second drive of the game from their own 18-yard line when Michael Vick dumped a pass off to his full back Justin Griffith. Griffith took the ball all the way to the St. Louis 20 for a 62-yard gain. 4 plays later Vick found Griffith again this time for a 3-yard touchdown pass to give the Falcons the lead 7 to 0. In the second quarter Vick set up the Falcons second score of the game, with a 14-yard run to the St. Louis 2-yard line. Vick's run was followed by Warrick Dunn scoring the Falcons second touchdown of the game. After Jay Feely’s extra point the Falcons had the lead 14 to 0. On the following drive the Rams’ offence moved the ball 82 yards to the Falcon's 1-yard line where Marshall Faulk capped of the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run. Vick and the Falcons got the ball back with 1:06 left before half time. Vick's 3 rushes on the drive for 20, 14, and 18 yards put Falcons kicker Jay Feely in range for a 35-yard field goal with 6 seconds left in the half. The Falcon's went into half time with a 10-point lead. In the third quarter Ram's QB Marc Bulger completed 4 of 5 passes as he moved the ball down the field on an 80-yard touchdown drive. The drive was capped off with a 33-yard touchdown pass to Torry Holt, which cut the Falcons lead 3 points. Later in the third quarter the rams tied when Jeff Wilkins hit a 46-yard field goal to make the score 17 to 17. On the next drive Vick completed 3 of his 4 pass attempts for 48 yards. He then set up another Warrick Dunn 2-yard touchdown run with a 7-yard rush from the St. Louis 9-yard line. Because of a taunting penalty on the kick off the rams started their ensuing drive on their own 10-yard line. On first down Patrick Kerney sacked Ram's QB Marc Bulger at the St. Louis 1-yard line. Backed up at their own 1-yard line Bulger and the Rams wanted to try to make a big play (after the game Bulger said "I was going for a home run,"). When Bulger dropped back to pass in his own end zone Falcon's defensive end Brady Smith got into the back field, and took the ball right from Bulger's hand for a touchdown. Bulger almost got the pass off for what could have been a 99-yard touchdown for the Rams. "I was a half-second away from letting the ball go. ... It could have been a touchdown the other way." Said Bulger after the game. The Falcons kicked one more field goal before the game ended to make the final score Falcons 34, Rams 17. . For the third time in his career Vick ran for more than 100 yards in a game; he finished the game with 109. For the second week in a row Warrick Dunn ran for 2 touchdowns .

Paragraph 28:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Paragraph 29: Aracar is a large conical stratovolcano in northwestern Argentina, just east of the Chilean border.  It has a main summit crater about  in diameter which sometimes contains crater lakes, and a secondary crater. The volcano has formed, starting during the Pliocene, on top of a lava platform and an older basement. Constructed on a base with an altitude of , it covers a surface area of  and has a volume of . The only observed volcanic activity was a possible steam or ash plume on March 28, 1993, seen from the village of Tolar Grande about  southeast of the volcano, but with no evidence of deformation of the volcano from satellite observations. Inca archeological sites are found on the volcano.

Paragraph 30: At work the janitor's relationship with his wife, unknown to the asylum, interferes with his job. He gets into a fight with some male inmates when his wife is hit, and he is sternly scolded by the head doctor. These events cause the janitor to experience a number of fantasies, as he slowly loses control of the border between dreams and reality. He first has a daydream about winning a chest of drawers in a lottery that he could give to his daughter as part of her dowry. When his daughter comes to tell him that her marriage is in trouble, he thinks about taking his wife away from the asylum to hide her existence. He also fantasizes about killing the head doctor, but the vision gets out of hand as a bearded inmate is seen marrying his daughter. The janitor finally dreams of distributing masks to the inmates, providing them with happy faces. He returns to work mopping the floors, no longer able to visit his wife's ward because he lost the keys (picked up by the doctor). He sees the bearded inmate pass by, who bows to him for the first time, as if bowing to his father-in-law.