Paragraph 1: Although McCartney was promoting Driving Rain, the majority of his shows would be celebrations of his past, with a substantial sampling of his solo work with and without Wings, but in particular his Beatles hits, and it was the release of those particular songs on Back in the US that sparked one of McCartney's biggest controversies in ages. Despite keeping the famous Lennon–McCartney credit intact on Tripping the Live Fantastic, Unplugged (The Official Bootleg) and Paul Is Live, McCartney decided to reverse the credits to "Paul McCartney and John Lennon" much to Yoko Ono's public annoyance. Reportedly, McCartney had decided to act in response to Ono's recent dropping of his credit from "Give Peace a Chance" on Lennon Legend: The Very Best of John Lennon in 1997. While there continues to be division among critics and fans over McCartney's move, John Lennon never publicly objected to the original credit reversal that appeared on 1976's Wings over America, four years before Lennon's death. Undeterred by Ono's anger, McCartney swapped the credits again on Back in the World in 2003.

Paragraph 2: In the United States Congress, a joint resolution is a legislative measure that requires passage by the Senate and the House of Representatives and is presented to the President for their approval or disapproval. Generally, there is no legal difference between a joint resolution and a bill. Both must be passed, in exactly the same form, by both chambers of Congress, and signed by the President (or, re-passed in override of a presidential veto; or, remain unsigned for ten days while Congress is in session) to become a law. Only joint resolutions may be used to propose amendments to the United States Constitution, and these do not require the approval of the President. Laws enacted by joint resolutions are not distinguished from laws enacted by bills, except that they are designated as resolutions as opposed to Acts of Congress (see for example War Powers Resolution).

Paragraph 3: He graduated from Yale University in 1912, after having been voted "most brilliant" in his class. He briefly attended Harvard Law School but dropped out on the death of his father in 1914. At Yale, he was a member of Scroll and Key. In 1914, Bullitt was travelling though Russia with his mother and was in Moscow on 28 July 1914 when the Austrian empire declared war on Serbia, provoking pro-Serb demonstrations on the streets. Bullitt took the last train from Moscow to Berlin and left Russia very shorty before Germany declared war on Russia on 1 August 1914. Upon his return to America, Bullitt worked as a journalist for the Philadelphia Ledger and become the deputy editor of the paper in 1915. In December 1915, in a publicity stunt, Henry Ford chartered an ocean liner, which he called the "peace ship" and sailed to Europe with the intention of mediating an end to the First World War. Bullitt was one of the journalists abroad the "peace ship" and he filed satirical reports from the ship about the resulting media circus, which stressed the absurdity of Ford's voyage, which were published on the front pages of various American newspapers.    

Paragraph 4: When Willow and Tara first met in the fourth season, the writers did not intend the relationship to be romantic but the actors had such chemistry that, two episodes later, Whedon and the writing team took Alyson Hannigan and Amber Benson aside to inform them where it would go. For the rest of the season, the sexual relationship between Willow and Tara was represented metaphorically by witchcraft, and none of the WB executives realized it. In the end, Whedon praised the way the WB handled the display of affection in "The Body", saying "They raised an eyebrow, but they've been great. I give the WB props when it came to the [characters' first] kiss. What I want to show is real affection, and 'The Body' turned out to be the perfect place to put it in. To the network's credit, they not only aired it, but they did not advertise it. I thought that was pretty classy." Stephen Tropiano in Prime Time Closet: A History of Gays and Lesbians on TV writes that this approach was "truly groundbreaking"; no long speech, no huge discovery: "Like Willow, we're made to feel as if her love for Tara is the most natural thing in the world". Tropiano calls it "A simple kiss. A quiet, simple moment. Two lovers kissing. Just like lovers do."  Shortly before the end of the scene, while Xander is talking, Willow can be seen silently mouthing "I love you" to Tara.

Paragraph 5: Vinay visits Gangtok, and meets another Amar associate, Neena. He promises to help her escape the gang in return for information. Neena, however, gets Vinay captured by luring him into the gang's safehouse. The gang's real leader is revealed to be Arjun, who is the jewel thief. No person named Amar ever existed; the identity was created to baffle the police and deflect any attention away from Arjun. Vishambhar Nath was part of this carefully planned scheme, too, while Shalini had assisted the gang to secure the release of her kidnapped brother, Shishu. When she approaches Arjun for Shishu's release, she gets locked up with him in the safehouse. Having discovered secret passages under the building, Shalini rescues Vinay and explains the situation to him. The three try to flee, but are recaptured. Vinay is administered electric shocks to wipe out his memory. The gang then make Vinay believe that 'jewel thief Amar' is his real identity. Their plan is to stage a fake heist of the Sikkimese crown jewels, and let 'Amar' take the blame. The police will be manipulated into shooting 'Amar' dead, forever lifting suspicion from the actual criminals. Since Shalini is a well-known dancer in the royal court, she is to facilitate the gang's entry disguised as a dance troupe. 'Amar' dies according to plan, and the gang celebrates. Vinay, however, had merely been acting; he had secretly warned the police about the gang's plan beforehand. Anjali, who has discovered her father's criminal involvement, has got in touch with the police too. The police surround the safehouse and Vinay corners Arjun, but he manages to escape. Vinay follows Arjun to his plane, but the latter threatens to shoot him. Anjali, though, has already removed the bullets in the gun, and the Commissioner appears to announce that the entire gang has been arrested, before January 26 as promised. Anjali takes Vinay to the cabin where Shalini is waiting for him with Shishu, as the plane gets airborne.

Paragraph 6: It is a tree reaching 30 meters in height. The young, gray to dark brown branches are sparsely hairy, but become hairless when mature. The branches have sparse lenticels. Its elliptical, slightly leathery to leathery leaves are 14–31.5 by 5-13 centimeters. The leaves have wedge-shaped to rounded bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 4-18 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless on their upper surfaces and sparsely hairy on their lower surfaces. The leaves have 10-20 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its sparsely to densely hairy petioles are 6-15 by 1.5-3.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its Inflorescences occur in clusters of 5–8 on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a densely hairy pedicel that is 13-32 by 0.3-0.9 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have up to 2 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, very densely hairy bract that is 0.5-2 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 oval sepals, that are 1-2 by 1.5-3 millimeters and partially fused at their bases. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The cream-colored, oval to elliptical, outer petals are 2.5-4.5 by 2.5-5 millimeters with hairless upper surfaces and densely hairy lower surfaces. The light yellow to golden yellow, diamond-shaped inner petals have a 2-8 millimeter long claw at their base and a 3-11 by 2-5 millimeter blade. The inner petals have pointed bases and tips. The inner petals are slightly hairy on their upper surfaces, and very densely hairy on their lower surfaces. The inner petals have a solitary, butterfly-shaped, smooth, raised gland on their upper surfact. Male flowers have 30-42 stamens that are 0.5-0.9 by 0.6-1 millimeters. Female flowers have 8-9 carpels that are 1-2 by 2.5-3.5 millimeters.  Each carpel has 5-7 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have 10-13 sterile stamens. The fruit occur in clusters of up to 5 on slightly hairy pedicles that are 10-35 by 1.5-4.5 millimeters. The brown, elliptical fruit are 18-46 by 10-31 millimeters. The fruit are wrinkly, and very densely hairy. Each fruit has 4-7 hemi-spherical to lens-shaped seeds that are 10–14.5 by 7-10 by 4-8 millimeters and are arranged in two rows.  The seeds are wrinkly.

Paragraph 7: At the Restoration the Privy Council established a force of several infantry regiments and a few troops of horse and there were attempts to found a national militia on the English model. The standing army was mainly employed in the suppression of Covenanter rebellions and the guerrilla war undertaken by the Cameronians in the East. Pikemen became less important in the late seventeenth century and after the introduction of the socket bayonet disappeared altogether, while matchlock muskets were replaced by the more reliable flintlock. On the eve of the Glorious Revolution the standing army in Scotland was about 3,000 men in various regiments and another 268 veterans in the major garrison towns. After the Glorious Revolution the Scots were drawn into King William II's continental wars, beginning with the Nine Years' War in Flanders (1689–97). Scottish seamen received protection against arbitrary impressment by English men of war, but a fixed quota of conscripts for the Royal Navy was levied from the sea-coast burghs during the second half of the seventeenth century. Royal Navy patrols were now found in Scottish waters even in peacetime. In the Second (1665–67) and Third Anglo-Dutch Wars (1672–74) between 80 and 120 captains, took Scottish letters of marque and privateers played a major part in the naval conflict. In the 1690s a small fleet of five ships was established by merchants for the Darien Scheme, and a professional navy was established for the protection of commerce in home waters during the Nine Years' War, with three purpose-built warships bought from English shipbuilders in 1696. After the Act of Union in 1707, these vessels were transferred to the Royal Navy. By the time of the Act of Union, the Kingdom of Scotland had a standing army of seven units of infantry, two of horse and one troop of Horse Guards, besides varying levels of fortress artillery in the garrison castles of Edinburgh, Dumbarton, and Stirling. As part of the British Army, Scottish regiments took part in the War of the Spanish Succession (1702–13), the Quadruple Alliance (1718–20), wars with Spain (1727–29) and (1738–48) and the War of the Austrian Succession (1740–48). The first official Highland regiment to be raised for the British army was the Black Watch in 1740, but the growth of Highland regiments was delayed by the 1745 Jacobite rising. The bulk of Jacobite armies were made up of Highlanders, serving in clan regiments. The clan gentlemen formed the front ranks of the unit and were more heavily armed than their impoverished tenants who made up the bulk of the regiment. Because they served in the front ranks, the gentlemen suffered higher proportional casualties than the common clansman. The Jacobites often started campaigns poorly armed, but arms tended to become more conventional as the campaigns progressed.

Paragraph 8: As the school expanded and added a secondary school, it moved into a new building at 66 Bond Street, which was designed by the ecclesiastical architect James Haffa and opened in 1950. In 1955, the school was granted affiliation with the Pontifical Institute of Sacred Music, becoming one of six choirs and choir schools in the world to share this affiliation. The affiliation authorized St. Michael's Choir School to grant the degree of Bachelor of Sacred Music, with a specialization in Gregorian chant. In 1966, St. Michael's Choir School entered into an agreement with the Toronto Catholic District School Board, then called the Metropolitan Separate School Board, to place secular, non-music courses under the publicly funded Catholic school system. In 1975, the secondary school expanded further and moved to 69 Bond Street. By 1987, the school was fully funded by government with the exception of its music program, for which students continue to pay fees. In 1987, St. Michael's Choir School celebrated its fiftieth anniversary, and in recognition of this milestone, Toronto mayor Art Eggleton declared June 15, 1987 as the official "St. Michael's Choir School Day." In 1996, the elementary school moved into a renovated building at 67 Bond Street and left 66 Bond Street as an administrative building, auditorium, and rehearsal space for the school's music division.

Paragraph 9: The International Baccalaureate (IB) curriculum is a program offering at Springbrook. It includes the Middle Years Program, featuring a Personal Project, for 9th and 10th graders, and the IB Diploma Program for 11th and 12th graders. In addition, Springbrook offers an Advanced Placement (AP) program. Students may start taking AP courses as early as their freshman year with AP U.S. History. As of 2022, The AP participation rate at Springbrook is 75%. Springbrook is one of the 25 Maryland high schools that sends the most students to the University of Maryland's Clark School of Engineering, the only NEC high school included in that list.

Paragraph 10: When the first proteins were rationally designed during the 1970s and 1980s, the sequence for these was optimized manually based on analyses of other known proteins, the sequence composition, amino acid charges, and the geometry of the desired structure. The first designed proteins are attributed to Bernd Gutte, who designed a reduced version of a known catalyst, bovine ribonuclease, and tertiary structures consisting of beta-sheets and alpha-helices, including a binder of DDT. Urry and colleagues later designed elastin-like fibrous peptides based on rules on sequence composition. Richardson and coworkers designed a 79-residue protein with no sequence homology to a known protein. In the 1990s, the advent of powerful computers, libraries of amino acid conformations, and force fields developed mainly for molecular dynamics simulations enabled the development of structure-based computational protein design tools. Following the development of these computational tools, great success has been achieved over the last 30 years in protein design. The first protein successfully designed completely de novo was done by Stephen Mayo and coworkers in 1997, and, shortly after, in 1999 Peter S. Kim and coworkers designed dimers, trimers, and tetramers of unnatural right-handed coiled coils. In 2003, David Baker's laboratory designed a full protein to a fold never seen before in nature. Later, in 2008, Baker's group computationally designed enzymes for two different reactions. In 2010, one of the most powerful broadly neutralizing antibodies was isolated from patient serum using a computationally designed protein probe. Due to these and other successes (e.g., see examples below), protein design has become one of the most important tools available for protein engineering. There is great hope that the design of new proteins, small and large, will have uses in biomedicine and bioengineering.

Paragraph 11: In 2001, Ai Takahashi joined the Japanese idol group Morning Musume as part of the group's fifth generation of performers, along with Makoto Ogawa, Asami Konno, and Risa Niigaki. Her audition involved a three-day training camp where participants were expected to learn a new song, a dance routine and a script. Takahashi was one of nine applicants selected out of 25,000 for the camp. Her debut with the group was on their single "Mr. Moonlight: Ai no Big Band", and her first appearance on a Morning Musume full-length release was their fourth studio album, 4th Ikimasshoi!. Her first appearance within a Hello! Project shuffle unit release was on the 2002 single "Shiawase Beam! Suki Suki Beam!" under the group name Happy 7.

Paragraph 12: In October 2013, Williams was appointed Parliamentary Under Secretary at Department for Communities and Local Government (DCLG). As communities minister, his responsibilities included community cohesion, race relations, localism and community rights, empty homes, housing standards, building regulations, neighbourhood planning, climate change and sustainable development. In March 2014, Williams published the Government's proposals following the housing standards review, which recommended a rationalisation of government, local authority and industry housing standards into a national set. As Minister for Communities, Williams also announced new funding for promotion of the Cornish language and gave recognition to the people of Cornwall as a national minority on the same basis as the other celtic people of the British Isles. In 2017, it emerged that Williams had responded to 2014 concerns from the All-Party Parliamentary Fire Safety and Rescue Group about the fire safety of Britain's tower blocks, especially the absence of sprinklers in many of these, by saying, "I have neither seen nor heard anything that would suggest that consideration of these specific potential changes is urgent and I am not willing to disrupt the work of this department by asking that these matters are brought forward." The correspondence was leaked to the BBC after the Grenfell Tower fire.

Paragraph 13: Stars with 40 percent the mass of the Sun and larger have non-convective cores with a strong temperature gradient from the centre outwards. When they exhaust hydrogen at the core of the star, the shell of hydrogen surrounding the central core continues to fuse without interruption.  The star is considered to be a subgiant at this point although there is little change visible from the exterior.  As the fusing hydrogen shell converts its mass into helium the convective effect separates the helium towards the core where it very slowly increases the mass of the non-fusing core of nearly pure helium plasma. As this takes place the fusing hydrogen shell gradually expands outward which increases the size of the outer shell of the star up to the subgiant size from two to ten times the original radius of the star when it was on the main sequence. The expansion of the outer layers of the star into the subgiant size nearly balances the increase energy generated by the hydrogen shell fusion causing the star to nearly maintain its surface temperature. This causes the spectral class of the star to change very little in the lower end of this range of star mass. The subgiant surface area radiating the energy is so much larger the potential circumstellar habitable zone where planetary orbits will be in the range to form liquid water is shifted much further out into any planetary system. The surface area of a sphere is found as 4πr2 so a sphere with a radius of  will release 400% as much energy at the surface and a sphere with a  will release 10000% as much energy.

Paragraph 14: Little information is known about Tehuelche culture before the use of the horse, although their socioeconomic organization resembled that of the Ona people from Tierra del Fuego. The introduction of the horse by the Spaniards, which they became acquainted with as of 1570, transformed the social organization of Tehuelche people: the introduction caused groups to develop dependencies on horses in their daily lives. Like the indigenous groups in the North American Great Plains, the Tehuelche also worked the thicket steppes of Patagonia, living mainly off of guanaco and rhea meat (ñandú or choique), followed by South Andean deer, deer, Patagonian mara and even puma and jaguar meat, in addition to certain plants (although late, they learned how to cultivate the land). As for fish and shellfish, there were certain cases where their consumption was banned: for example, some groups had prohibited the consumption of fish. Their groups used to consist of between 50 and 100 members.The adoption of the horse meant an extensive social change in Tehuelche culture: the new mobility altered their ancestral territories and greatly affected their movement patterns. Before the 17th century east–west movements prevailed in pursuit of guanacos; however, as of the dawn of the equestrian complex, longitudinal movements (from south to north and vice versa) were very important in establishing extensive exchange networks. In the mid-19th century the Aonikenk exchanged their skins and mollusks for cholilas (strawberries, blackberries, raspberries, Magellan barberry, Chilean pine tree seeds, Cyttaria, buds and Chilean bamboo buds, etc.) and apples with the Gennakenk people of Neuquén, the upper valley of Río Negro and the so-called 'country of Strawberries', or Chulilaw (the region approximately bounded to the north by Lake Nahuel Huapi, to the east by the low mountains and morraines called Patagónides, to the west by the high summits of the Andes and to the south by Lake Buenos Aires/General Carrera).

Paragraph 15: Louis XIV's glory was irrevocably linked to two great projects, military conquest and the building of Versailles—both of which required enormous sums of money. To finance these projects, Louis created several additional tax systems, including the "capitation" (begun in 1695) which taxed every person including nobles and the clergy, though exemption could be bought for a large one-time sum, and the "dixième" (1710–1717, restarted in 1733), which was a true tax on income and on property value and was meant to support the military. The Taille remained the chief direct tax, but its weight fell differently depending on the fiscal status (généralité) of the province. The Pays d'états were at a great advantage because they paid the Taille Réelle, which was based on a fixed percentage of a property's value. The Pays d'élection enjoyed no such privileges, their taille rate was assessed behind closed doors by the Council of State, which raised the taille arbitrarily to try and close the widening government deficit. The differences in terms of material prosperity between the two types of province was noticeable. To exasperate the burden of the taille, it was levied quarterly rather than annually, and was a heavy burden on rural peasants, tending to fall heaviest on the poorest généralités and parishes. This acted as a disincentive on farmers to increase their productivity, since a larger yield was inevitably offset by a higher taille assessment.

Paragraph 16: 2019: SATISfashion - Metro West - Melbourne - Australia. 2017: qp – as part of the Fringe in The West – FCAC – Melbourne – Australia. 2016: MADATONG – Bromley Gallery – Windsor - Melbourne – Australia. 2015: SCRIPTA (Writings of the World) – as part of the Big West Festival – African Town – Footscray – Melbourne – Australia, [RE]alphabetika @Díli – Fundação Oriente – Díli – East Timor. 2014: Fandata - Fo Guang Yuan Art Gallery – Melbourne – Australia,  [Ex]Isle (Painted Tales) – As part of the Latin Festival - Ventana Fiesta - Frankston Arts Centre – Australia. 2012: CRIOLANTUS – PCIL - Cultural Palace – Praia – Cape Verde,  [RE]alphabetika @ Cascais - Parque Palmela – Cascais - Portugal,  Private Z(oo)M - Macau Literary Festival - Polytechnic Institute of Macao – Macao – China. 2011: Amor Sta La - Galeria da Ordem dos Médicos – Lisbon - Portugal, 10x9.11 - (with Binga de Castro) – The Music House - Praia – Cape Verde,  Pé Na Boti - Vídeo_Phonics Witnesses – CV Cultural House - Rotterdam - Netherlands,  Paredis & Numbrason (Collaboration with Ana Rita Pires) - CAC Tejo - V.V.Rodão – Portugal,  Private Z(oo)M - Tempo de Bichos - Afro-Brazil Museum - S.Paulo – Brazil.  2010: Majina - 30 anos 100 Lennon - Buchholz Bookstore – Lisbon – Portugal,  POEMix (Collaboration with Binga de Castro) – IILP (International Institute of Portuguese Language) - Praia - Cape Verde, Na Fai Minotu - UNICV (University of Cape Verde) - Praia - Cape Verde, De Pareidolia (Collaboration with Ana Rita Pires) - PCIL - Praia - Cape Verde. 2009: Nó di Sulada - WMDC (World Music and Dance Centre) - Rotterdam - Netherlands. 2008: Nu Bai – BCA - Atlantic Comercial Bank Auditorium - Praia - Cape Verde, FishBonEye - S.Vicente City Hall - Mindelo – Cape Verde.  2007: Na Som Di Kriolu – Expominas - Belo Horizonte – Brazil. 2006: Só Pamodi Bó (1 recordai pa Luís Morais) – Library Orlando Ribeiro – Lisbon – Portugal,  Li-Sim-Sim - Kerry Center - Beijing - China, Fisherman's Wharf - Macao – China. 2005: Dia Santo Na Lém Di Mulato – PCIL - Cultural Palace - Praia - Cape Verde, Promessa Di Marlargo - Mabooki Bookshop - Lisbon – Portugal. 2004: Timenti Lua Ka Subi - PCIL - Cultural Palace - Praia - Cape Verde. 2003: The Cape Verdean Blues (A Blue Note 4 HS) – National Library - Praia - Cape Verde.  2002: N' - Ler Devagar Bookstore - Lisbon – Portugal,  Mare Calamus - Jorge Vieira Museum - Beja – Portugal. 2001: The Hitchiker Drumbeat - The Garage Studio - North Providence – USA. 1999: Kurasson Di Sibitchi – Cultural Palace - Praia/CCM – Cultural Centre of Mindelo - Cape Verde, Serenata Em Bilingue - Teatro Baltazar Dias - Funchal – Madeira.1998: Insulano (11ª ilha) - Galeria Municipal da Amadora – Portugal, Águalusa & Terracota - Recreios da Amadora - Portugal, Lantuna Na Mei Di Mar - EXPO'98 - Lisboa – Portugal.  1997: Lágrimas de Indigo - INAC - Praia/ Cultural Centre of Mindelo - Cape Verde. 1995: Mitomorfoses - INAC - Praia/ People’s Palace - Mindelo - Cape Verde,  Duet - Galeria Gymnasium - Lisbon – Portugal. 1989: 15 Alternative Snapshots from Cape Verde – CV Association - Lisbon - Portugal.  1983: Painting & Crafts – French Cultural Centre - Praia - Cape Verde.

Paragraph 17: Digital humanities scholars use computational methods either to answer existing research questions or to challenge existing theoretical paradigms, generating new questions and pioneering new approaches. One goal is to systematically integrate computer technology into the activities of humanities scholars, as is done in contemporary empirical social sciences. Yet despite the significant trend in digital humanities towards networked and multimodal forms of knowledge, a substantial amount of digital humanities focuses on documents and text in ways that differentiate the field's work from digital research in media studies, information studies, communication studies, and sociology. Another goal of digital humanities is to create scholarship that transcends textual sources. This includes the integration of multimedia, metadata, and dynamic environments (see The Valley of the Shadow project at the University of Virginia, the Vectors Journal of Culture and Technology in a Dynamic Vernacular at University of Southern California, or Digital Pioneers projects at Harvard). A growing number of researchers in digital humanities are using computational methods for the analysis of large cultural data sets such as the Google Books corpus. Examples of such projects were highlighted by the Humanities High Performance Computing competition sponsored by the Office of Digital Humanities in 2008, and also by the Digging Into Data challenge organized in 2009 and 2011 by NEH in collaboration with NSF, and in partnership with JISC in the UK, and SSHRC in Canada. In addition to books, historical newspapers can also be analyzed with big data methods. The analysis of vast quantities of historical newspaper content has showed how periodic structures can be automatically discovered, and a similar analysis was performed on social media. As part of the big data revolution, gender bias, readability, content similarity, reader preferences, and even mood have been analyzed based on text mining methods over millions of documents and historical documents written in literary Chinese.

Paragraph 18: On 8 August, the Allies launched their own offensive, known as the Hundred Days Offensive, around Amiens. The 11th Battalion did not take part in the opening phase of the offensive, moving to Hamel and establishing themselves in a defensive position around Harbonnieres. On 10 August, the battalion was committed to a strong attack around Lihons; although successful, the attack lasted three days and resulted in heavy casualties, including 58 killed and 140 wounded. On the night of 12/13 August, the 11th was withdrawn to the support line just behind the front. Later, they were moved to Vaire and then Cerisy, before supporting the 9th and 12th Battalions around Chuignolles and Proyart on 23 August and then around Chuignes and Cappy two days later, where further losses were experienced.  The 11th Battalion's final attack came against the Hindenburg Outpost Line on 18 September when they launched a three-company attack around Fervaque Farm and Carpeza Copse near Villeret. Despite being severely understrength – each company had an average strength of just 76 men – they advanced over  and took over 120 prisoners and large quantities of German equipment, for the loss of 18 men killed. Further casualties came on 24 October when German aircraft attacked the battalion headquarters, killing a number of officers, including Darnell, who was the acting commanding officer. The heavy casualties that the Australians had suffered during the final year of the war, and the decrease in volunteers arriving from Australia, meant that the battalion was desperately understrength. In October, they were withdrawn from the line for rest and reorganisation, at the insistence of the Australian prime minister, Billy Hughes. At this time, the battalion was reorganised into a two-company structure. In early November, the battalion prepared to return to the front around St. Quentin, but before they could return to the fighting, an armistice came into effect, bringing the war to an end.

Paragraph 19: Back in Turkey, Azmi's wife Güzin receives one of his letters. She frets because it is the first she has heard from him in ten days. Güzin spends her time with her best friend, Sadan. Sadan's mother, who has a heart condition, says Sadan has been ill and walking in her sleep lately, though Sadan seems happy as she recently became engaged to Turan. Güzin and Sadan go to the seashore, and while taking a walk, they meet four men carrying a coffin-like box, which they say is full of dirt from Romania. The men say that two other men hired to move the boxes of earth disappeared in transit. That night Sadan walks in her sleep. Güzin follows her to the seashore and sees her near the foot of a seaside staircase, being preyed upon by Dracula, who disappears. Güzin walks Sadan back to her room. Sadan begins to suffer from a mysterious illness that leaves her pale and weak. Her illness baffles Dr. Akif, and Dr. Nuri is called to examine Sadan, noticing that she has two tiny wounds on her throat. Güzin meanwhile learns that Azmi is being nursed back to health in a hospital in Edirne. She goes to bring him home. Dr. Nuri recommends blood transfusions for Sadan, and also places garlic in her room and prepares a wreath of it for her to wear in her sleep. He warns that her windows should not be opened at night. That night, Sadan's mother removes the necklace, and The Count breaks the window to Sadan's room and attacks her. Sadan's mother, who is still in the room at the time, dies of a heart attack. Azmi and Güzin return from Edirne, but they are too late. Sadan is on her deathbed, the marks from her neck have vanished and her teeth appear longer and sharper. She speaks with strange seductiveness to Turan, but Dr. Nuri prevents Turan from kissing her. Sadan dies, is buried and then rises as a vampire, who preys on children. Dr. Nuri, Azmi, Güzin, Dr. Akif, and Turan agree to join forces against the Count. Dr. Nuri tells the others of his suspicions about Dracula, and about his limitations: he retreats from garlic, and he can be killed by a stake through the heart or by decapitation. Dr. Nuri also reveals that the wounds in the children's throats weren't made in the same way as Sadan's wounds, but were made by Sadan herself. Dr. Nuri leads Dr. Akif, Azmi, and Turan to the graveyard by night. Inside the tomb, Sadan's coffin is empty.

Paragraph 20: ,  and  have written in detail about changes in the musical life of Leipzig both during Bach's lifetime and its aftermath. The difficulties in finding students from the university available to perform as instrumentalists was already a problem while Johann Kuhnau was Thomaskantor, responsible for two main churches, the Nikolaikirche and the Thomaskirche, as well as the Neuekirche. With Bach replacing Kuhnau, arranging church performances became more orderly. Apart from secular concert music in the Café Zimmermann, there were public concerts advertised as "Concerts Spirituels" in the Gewandhaus and the open air. At the end of the eighteenth century, Protestant worship and liturgical music was reformed in Saxony, with hardly any use of Latin in the church. With the turn of the century Germany saw a "Bach renewal," in which Felix Mendelssohn and Robert Schumann were to play an important role. The musicians Franz Hauser and Moritz Hauptmann also became active in this movement. At one stage Hauser asked Mendelssohn whether he might wish to be successor as Thomaskantor; but, with Mendelssohn's prompting and encouragement, it was Hauptmann who assumed that post in 1842, albeit reluctantly. Aided by Hauser, whose personal collection of Bach manuscripts was one of the largest in Germany, Hauptmann, Schumann and his colleagues, Otto Jahn and Carl Becker, started the Bach-Gesellschaft in 1850; and soon after, in 1851, Hauptmann published the first volume of ten cantatas BWV 1–10 with Breitkopf & Härtel. Hauptmann and Hauser became directors of the conservatory in Leipzig and Munich respectively and the pair carried on a long correspondence, which has been documented in German and English. For cantatas, Hauptmann records that, although separate movements might be suitable for public performance, changes in nineteenth-century practices often made it hard to find suitable instrumentalists. Other musicians such as Johann Nepomuk Schelble, who had conducted a performance of BWV 8 in Frankfurt am Main, considered that eighteenth-century recitatives might no longer be suitable for the public, so could be cut. Carl von Winterfeld expressed doubts about whether Bach's larger sacred works "could find a lasting place in a newly united, newly invigorated and strength evangelical church of our day."

Paragraph 21: Granddaughter of Brahmakesari Keshab Chandra Sen, Sadhona was born in a prosperous Brahmo family and received education as was common with Brahmo girls of those days. Her father was Saral Chandra Sen and she was the second of his three daughters. Her elder sister Benita Roy was married into a royal family of Chittagong (now in Bangladesh) and settled to household life, while the youngest Nilina pursued a career in Indian Classical music and earned herself a position of eminence and was known in record circles as Naina Devi. Sadhona married Madhu Bose, film maker working in Bengal, British India, at a young age, and joined the Calcutta Art Players, a theatrical company owned by husband Modhu Bose and took part as heroine in the plays produced by the unit. Later on Sadhona joined films and played Marjina in Alibaba (1937), made in Bengali under the banner of Bharatlakshmi Pictures. This film was a runaway hit and is remembered well by film enthusiasts. Modhu Bose had earlier directed a number of films but he tasted real success with Alibaba. For Sadhona this film meant a permanent place in the history of Bengali films. This was followed with Abhinoy (Bengali-1938), another major success for the couple. They migrated to Bombay and again created history with the immensely popular Kumkum (1940), made in two languages, hindi and Bengali and thereafter went on to create the first triple version (English, Bengali, Hindi) film of India, Rajnartaki (1941). Sadhona did come back to Calcutta for a double version Bengali movie Meenakshi (1942)with the handsome Jyoti Prakash as the hero. Going back to Bombay soon after the completion of this film where she starred in major films like Shankar Parvati, Vishkanya, Paigham and others and firmly established herself as a heroine in her own right without the backing of her husband..In fact they had separated but she came back to calcutta after a reconciliation with Modhu  and acted in films again directed by her husband like Shesher Kabita and Maa O Chhele, with some limited success. Sadhona was a excellent dancer and almost all her film successes were in dancing roles. She was also a very fine actress and singer, too. She sang her own songs in some of her films including her first Alibaba. With film offers becoming too infrequent, she formed a dance troupe of her own and made all India tours with plays like Wither now, Hunger and others and met with success again. Even  Just before her death she got appointed as dance trainer in Calcutta's prestigious Star Theatre, courtesy her one time friend Timir Baran. She trained junior artistes for the play Janapad Badhu and once again her name featured in the newspapers in the advertisements of the play. However, she died in September 1973.

Paragraph 22: As the debate raged, Shastriji Maharaj paid it no heed, but continued to preach in the villages and propagate the Akshar-Purushottam doctrine. Soon, he began to plan and construct a temple in which Akshar-Purushottam Maharaj would be installed in the central shrine. On 5 June 1907, Shastri Yagnapurushdas consecrated the murtis of Swaminarayan and Gunatitanand Swami in the newly constructed mandir in the village of Bochasan. This marked the beginning of BAPS as an organization since it was the first mandir to have both murtis of Akshar and Purushottam in the central shrine. Shastriji Maharaj continued to propagate the Akshar-Purushottam doctrine and build mandirs, while the coterie of his detractors in the Vadtal diocese continued to attempt to validate his excommunication. Years after the event, they attempted to pressure Gordhanbhai Kothari, then 90 years old and blind, to sign the order of excommunication, but he bluntly refused. Finally, in 1935, an incident in Swaminarayan mandir in the village of Ishnav led to a lawsuit against Shastriji Maharaj by the Acharya of Vadtal that brought the dispute of Shastriji Maharaj's standing in the Vadtal diocese to its "legal conclusion." A group of Shastriji Maharaj’s swamis had visited the village of Ishnav and stayed at the local mandir "with the approval of some villagers but against the wishes of the trustee" Consequently, the Acharya of Vadtal filed a lawsuit aiming to prohibit swamis of the Akshar-Purushottam Sanstha from using properties belonging to the Vadtal diocese on the grounds that they had been officially excommunicated. Although a local judge upheld the legality of Shastri Yagnapurushdas’ expulsion, the verdict was appealed and the District judge, Mr. J.D Kapadiya ruled in favor of Shastri Yagnapurushdas when he stated, "The laws of natural justice have clearly been broken in these proceedings [of 1906], and I have no hesitation in holding that as far as the law courts are concerned they would not recognize the excommunication of defendant No. 1 [Yagnapurushdas]." Thus, Judge Kapadiya overturned the ruling of the lower court and validated that Shastri Yagnapurushdas had not been legally excommunicated from the Vadtal diocese. However, he cited an affidavit from Shastri Yagnapurushdas to rule that he had succeeded from the Vadtal diocese, and was now the head of an organization independent of "the holders of the Vadatal[sic] or Ahmedabad Gadi. Ultimately, the judge ruled that BAPS swamis did not have the right to stay or preach in the Swaminarayan Sampradaya and he restrained Shastri Yagnapurushdas from sending his swamis to that temple."

Paragraph 23: In 253, Zhuge Ke, the regent of Wei's rival state Eastern Wu, led Wu forces to attack Xincheng and surrounded the fortress. Zhang Te, along with Yue Fang () and others, led 3,000 troops to defend Xincheng. During this time, he sent his subordinates Liu Zheng () and Zheng Xiang () to break out of the siege and seek reinforcements, but Zhuge Ke's men intercepted and captured them. In desperation, Zhang Te lied to the enemy: "I've no intention of fighting now. However, according to the laws of Wei, when I'm under attack for more than 100 days and reinforcements do not arrive, even if I surrender, my family will be spared from punishment. Since I first started resisting the enemy, it has been more than 90 days. This city originally had a population of more than 4,000, and now more than half of them have died in battle. Even when the city falls, if someone does not wish to surrender, I'll speak to him and explain the possible implications of his choice. Tomorrow morning I'll send a list of names, you can first take my tally as a token of trust." Although Zhuge Ke did not accept Zhang Te's tally, he believed that Zhang Te wanted to surrender so he ordered his troops to stop attacking. Zhang Te and his remaining troops then seized the opportunity to make repairs to the walls and strengthen their defences overnight. The following morning, Zhang Te told the enemy: "We shall fight to the death!" Zhuge Ke turned furious when he realised he had been fooled, so he ordered his troops to mount a fierce assault on the fortress. However, his troops were already exhausted and weary after several days of siege, and they failed to breach Xincheng's walls. When Zhuge Ke sensed that his army's morale was falling, he had no choice but to withdraw back to Wu.

Paragraph 24: Started from 7 February 2016 with a win over Vitória, Sporting went on a 32 match unbeaten streak as of the 19th round of the 2016–17 season, of any island leagues, it is behind CS Mindelense with 34 matches which occurred between 2014 and 2016. Also Sporting had a 22 match unbeaten streak away at the regionals and surpassed that of São Vicente's, Mindelense's 18 match unbeaten streak at home and five more away which lasted from 2014 to April 2016. Overall, it is behind Académica Porto Novo's record of 30 which was from 2012 to April 2016.  Sporting got 49 points, a club record tied with previous seasons with that total in 2005, Sporting achieved a large chance of becoming regional championship at the 20th round and became after their victory over Desportivo 0–1 on 7 April and also another seven match winning streak of the season was made.  Sporting got the South Zone's ninth regional title. Also Sporting's points total which is the region's highest became 52, a new record made succeeding their 49 which they had in 2005.  Sporting's attempt of making further club record in points completely vanished after their only loss to Boavista at the 23rd round, another mighty club of the city.  Sporting's final match of the season was a victory over Tchadense and Sporting made 55 points, a club record that Sporting cherished.  Of any of the island leagues in the nation, third it became behind Scorpion Vermelho's 61 of the north of the island.  17 wins Sporting got, a new club record superseded their 2005 totals and 43 goals scored, less than the previous season.  In the 2017 regional cup, originally for 19 May, it was set for 7 May, Sporting defeated Garridos and won their recent cup title after winning 5–3 in the penalty shootout as the match ended in a goal draw.  The regional Super Cup took place on 28 October and featured, Sporting defeated the cup runner-up Garridos and won their third and recent super cup title for the south of the island.

Paragraph 25: Oberstaufenbach can be considered a clump village with loosely scattered houses. The original settlement grew on the Reichenbach's left bank and on both sides of the Limbach. Only with the building of the road in the Reichenbach valley did residential development arise here, along the road, both towards Reichenbach and towards Niederstaufenbach. Also built were houses along former farm lanes. Over the last two decades, the slopes near the village have also been opened to extensive building development. Worthy of note is an armorial stone found on the gable at the family Grill's house. It came about 1871/1872 as a keystone from a gateway arch to Oberstaufenbach. In Weilerbach, the house's builder had acquired bits of the former Schellenberger Hof, among other things the stones from the gateway arch, when that estate was torn down. He brought them to Oberstaufenbach, thinking to use them in his own building work. He set the keystone, which bears the von Horn coat of arms, in the walling in his house's gable. As early as 1855, the municipality of Oberstaufenbach laid out its own graveyard on the way out of the village going towards Neunkirchen am Potzberg, and not many years ago, it also had a mortuary built there. The former Heidenburg (literally “ castle”) is described in literature time and again as a Römerkastell (“Roman fort”). Only in the 1994 publication Oberstaufenbach im Wandel der Zeit (“Oberstaufenbach Through the Ages”) can a systematic reappraisal of this storied knoll be found. The writer came to the following conclusion: The knoll was fortified from early to middle La Tène times. In Roman times, nothing more than grave monuments and godstones were set up there. Reports of archaeological finds during the 19th century mention almost nothing but carved images, and conspicuous by their almost utter absence are reports of any finds of coins. Thus, any notion that a Roman fort once stood upon the knoll must be thoroughly revised. In the 10th century, there may well have been a wooden chapel standing there, and it seems likely that in the centuries that followed, this would have been replaced with a stone building. At the same time, work on a tower castle began. No later than the 12th century, this castle was provided with a girding wall and a well shaft. Nevertheless, the castle was forsaken before the Middle Ages had even ended, and hence, a written mention of it is nowhere to be found. In the 19th century, the knoll became the location for something else, a hard-stone quarry. The work there removed any remnant of the old castle that had lain there for centuries. Also unearthed at the site were pieces of Roman grave monuments, which might themselves have been used later to build the castle. In bygone centuries, the municipal area was a tangle of crisscrossing property lines, with often very small fields. In 1976, however, Flurbereinigung was undertaken, forming contiguous blocks of farmland, some quite big.

Paragraph 26: The Karnali (Chisapani) Multipurpose Project is a potential mega multipurpose storage project on the Karnali River at Chisapani, envisaging a  high dam, with reservoir area of , with power station operating under a design head of  to operate 18 units of 620 MW capacity each ( 10,800 MW installed capacity) and with a re-regulating weir downstream with power plant of 84 MW capacity operating under a head of . A large-scale irrigation development is also envisaged— in Nepal and  in India. Project planning commenced in 1960, although the feasibility study for the project was only completed in 1989. Before this project is developed a number of significant underlying issues have to be resolved. These issues include: Nepal and India reaching a bilateral agreement on the downstream benefits of regulated river flows; the resettlement of over 60,000 people; the impact on and restoration of habitat within Bardia National Park; and, above all, the financial arrangements for project funding. Accordingly, it is predicted that the chances of this project being implemented before 2025 are very slim, although increasing international pressure on reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from the energy generation sector may assist project initiation. While the likelihood of this project being developed by 2025 is low, Nepal and India could cooperate to develop this project to meet India's growing energy demand from renewable resources.

Paragraph 27: This destructive tornado touched down on the southwest side of Petersburg, and rapidly intensified as it struck the historic downtown area of the city. Several well-built, multi-story brick buildings were leveled, along with a train station. A decorative caboose near the train station was ripped from its anchors and thrown 20 feet, pulling the anchors out of the ground in the process. Damage in downtown Petersburg was rated as F4. The tornado then moved through the Pocahontas Island neighborhood at F3 intensity, heavily damaging or destroying 47 homes and a church. A total of 100 buildings were damaged or destroyed in Petersburg. The tornado then crossed into Colonial Heights, severely damaging a strip mall, a K-mart, and a waterbed store. A Wal-Mart was destroyed, with three fatalities occurring at that location. Many cars in the parking lot were tossed and destroyed as well. Damage in Colonial Heights was rated as low-end F3. The tornado then crossed into Prince George County at F2 intensity, striking a sand and gravel company. Several cars and trucks were overturned, the second floor of a cinder-block building was destroyed, conveyor belts were twisted and overturned, and one person was killed at that location. Many trees were downed throughout the county. The tornado then struck the north side of Hopewell at F1 intensity, where it blew roofs off of an apartment complex. The tornado caused minor damage to an additional 49 homes, major damage to 13 homes and destroyed two other homes in Hopewell. The tornado exited Hopewell, weakened to an F0, and dissipated in Charles City County. From start to finish, this storm caused 4 deaths and 246 injuries. It was the deadliest Virginia tornado since 10 people were killed in Ivy on September 30, 1959. It was also the first recorded F4 tornado in Virginia state history. For a number of years afterwards, the remains of a damage swath (sheared, twisted and broken vegetation) through thick trees was visible along the west side of I-95 on the immediate north side of the Appomattox crossing. Perhaps one of the longest lasting reminders of the twister was on the Martin Luther King Jr. Bridge between Colonial Heights and Petersburg. As the tornado had smashed through the historic district, it ripped a traffic light off the bridge, and the snapped pillars remained until the bridge was replaced in 2002. As a result of the damage that occurred, a State of emergency was issued for Petersburg.

Paragraph 28: A man called Nana Takyi Fri went out hunting daily to feed himself and his younger sisters after they had settled in a forest. His youngest sister, Afia Ankomah decided to go fishing in the forest, preferring fish to the meat of an animal. When she got to the water banks, she put her fishing basket into the water to catch fish, but when she though that she had caught a fish, she saw that something else had ended up in the basket. Not thinking much of it, she took it out of the basket. But all of a sudden, the place became dark. Every time she put it back into the basket the darkness would go, and every time she took it out of the basket, the darkness would return. As a result, she knew that she'd have to take it home as if she didn't, the place would become dark and she wouldn't be able to retrace her steps home. So she took it home, but asa soon as she reached home, she was possessed by the object. The object, through Afia identified himself to her siblings as the river deity Asuo Tano, for which he was to live with them. He brought Nana Takyi Fri and his family to the place where he dwelled, protected by a horde of baboons. He taught Nana Takyi Fri and his family his laws and rules so they could live with him and his family. Nana Takyi Fri became the hunter for the family, whilst Afia Ankomah (the youngest sister) became the first Priestess for Ta Kora. In time she married Amadu, a Dagomban blacksmith, whose first wife was called Amea Tomfour who came from Sheawu Besease. Nana Takyi Fri pleaded with Amadu to marry his little Priestess sister for the reason to relieve her of her spiritual workload through her nephews and nieces, as Takyi was not interested in helping his sister with her spiritual work. Amadu agreed and he and Afi got married and have a son, whom they called Nana Fosu Aduanwoma. When he came of age, his mother Afia retired all of her spiritual duties to him and he inherited the shrine elements of the Great Tano. After this, Takyi decided to move forward for his plan to find a new settlement. He moved to Tuabodom with Amoafowaa (his sister), leaving his little sister behind. The Great Tano decided to send one of his children called Twumpuro to possess Takyi Ofri. Takyi Fri and Amoafowaa left Takyi Ofri behind after their Priestess sister to help her and her son with their spiritual duties. It was clear that Takyi Fri was trying to avoid his spiritual assignments, something that the Great Tano would not allow. So when Takyi Fri moved to a new settlement in present-day Tachiman, the Great Tano again sent his son Taamensah (Tano Mensah) to possess Takyi Fri's sister Amoafowaa. Takyi Fri finally realised that he couldn't keep running from his spiritual obligations, so he accepted his spiritual obligations and stayed at his settlement, in the process founding the Techiman nation, which means the nation of Takyi.

Paragraph 29: On 5 December 2001, Home from Home was announced for released in early 2002. Six days later, the album's track listing was revealed. "Man or Mouse" was posted on the band's website on 4 January 2002. "Kemp" was released as a single on 23 January 2001. On 2 February 2001, "Fingers Crossed" was made available for download after playing a game on the band's website. In February and March 2002, the band toured across Australia and New Zealand. On 7 March 2002, the music video for "Kemp" was posted online; it was animated by Kalle Haglund, the former vocalist of Voice of a Generation. Home from Home was released on 11 March 2002 in Europe through Burning Heart, and the following day in the US through Epitaph. While on tour in the US, drummer Fredrik Larzon injured his elbow, which required him to fly back to Sweden for surgery; he was temporarily replaced by Thomas Falk of Bombshell Rocks.

Paragraph 30: Paeonia daurica was first described by Henry Cranke Andrews in the seventh volume of his Botanist's Repository published in 1807. A yellow flowered Paeonia species from Abkhazia was collected by C.M. Worontzoff, and described in 1846 by John Lindley, who named it P. wittmanniana Lindl.. In 1848 Christian von Steven described another taxon with yellow petals under the same specific name P. wittmanniana Steven. It had been collected at Atskhu, Meskheti Province, in Georgia. Pierre Edmond Boissier made descriptions of three taxa in this complex in 1869: P. corallina and P. corallina var. triternata, and P. wittmanniana Steven. Franz Josef Ruprecht in 1869, distinguished P. triternata f. coriifolia. In 1892 Ernst Huth distinguished between P. corallina var. typica with entire leaflets and red petals, and P. wittmanniana with lobed leaflets and yellow petals. Russian botanist Nikolai Michailowitsch Albow was the first to think that a difference only in petal colour does not merit distinguishing species, and he reduced P. wittmanniana to P. corallina var. wittmanniana, under which he described a new form, f. macrophylla. Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Lomakin recognized four species in this group in 1897: P. corallina, P. mlokosewitschii, P. macrophylla, P. wittmanniana, and introduced P. wittmanniana var. tomentosa. In 1899, Vladimir Ippolitovich Lipsky mostly supported the ideas of Lomakin, but distinguished between P. triternata and P. corallina. In 1901, Nikolai Busch recognized P. corallina subsp. triternata, its variety coriifolia (Rupr.), P. wittmanniana f. macrophylla and subsp. tomentosa, and P. mlokosewitschii. Alexander Grossheim distinguished in 1930 seven taxa that differed in the colour of the petals, the shape and number of leaflets, and the hairiness of the leaflets and fruits, so recognizing P. corallina var. caucasica and var. coriifolia, P. mlokosewitschii, P. wittmanniana and its var. macrophylla, P. tomentosa and the new P. abchasica. Nikolai Schipczinsky in the Flora of the USSR (1937) distinguished between P. mlokosewitschii – as part of the series Obovatae having orbicular, ovate or rarely pointed leaflets – and P. triternata, P. caucasica, P. wittmanniana, P. macrophylla, P. tomentosa and P. abchasica – all having rather wide, pointed leaflets – assigning them to the series Corallinae. Frederick Claude Stern in his book A study of the genus Paeonia recognized in his subsection Foliolatae the species P. daurica, P. mlokosewitschii and P. wittmanniana, the latter with four varieties. In 1950 Grossgeim revised his view from 1930 and recognized P. kavachensis (= P. caucasica), P. mlokosewitschii (including P. tomentosa) and P. wittmanniana (including P. abchasica). P. wittmanniana Steven was renamed to P. steveniana by the Georgian botanist Kemularia-Nathadze in 1961, who recognized all previous taxa except P. abchasica in addition to describing a new species named P. ruprechtiana. In 2010 D.Y. Hong revised the genus Paeonia, recognising seven subspecies in P. daurica, among which the new subsp. velebitensis.