Paragraph 1: The smallest formations would be equivalents of today's platoons "group of 20" (ოცეული), then a "group of 100" (ასეული) and so forth all led by servants of higher status and different rank. The core component of David's army was the so called mona-spa, or servant host, the personal retinue of the king, which consisted of 5,000 well-trained and heavily armored mounted warriors with lances and bows. They were used as shock cavalry together with the nobility. The Crusaders, the Kipchak cavalry, and a small portion of infantry were deployed in the center of the Georgian army around the king's banner while the rest were equally split in two major wings initially out of sight for the Seljuqs. Each formation was headed by a great and dense line of horsemen. The heavy cavalry would smash into the enemy ranks with their lances, joined by the infantry which would entangle the Seljuq main body in fights while the cavalry was to regroup and carry out repeated attacks till the enemy broke. At the sign of collapse, David would then send forward his Kipchak cavalry. Initially the king and all his entourage stayed in the center but would immediately switch to their respective positions when the battle commenced. During battle, David IV would assume command over his army's left wing, while Demetrius was leading the right.According to the French knight and historian Walter the Chancellor, before heading off to battle, King David inspired his army with these words:

Paragraph 2: In "The King, the Widow, and Rick" Jerry is seen watching the place where Ezekiel hides, Carol asks her to let her see but Jerry refuses to let her in because Ezekiel doesn't want to talk to anyone, later Carol asks Jerry again to talk to Ezekiel and with a shotgun points to the door and Jerry tells her that it is not necessary because the doors are open. In "How It's Gotta Be", after saving Rick from being killed by the Saviors when inspecting the remains of the Sanctuary, Jerry separates himself from the group back to the Kingdom and helps his friends in a possible battle but on the way he was ambushed and captured by the Simon and his group of Saviors who beat him until he was seriously injured. In addition, after the Saviors intercepted Maggie's and her group's trip to the Sanctuary, clarifying that one of them should be killed as punishment for the attacks they had been made, Gary was about to execute Jerry but Simon ordered him not to do so and instead ended the life of one of Maggie's soldiers. In "Dead or Alive Or", Jerry energetically helped prepare the place for an impending attack by the Saviors and accompanied Maggie to the makeshift prison where all the captive Saviors were to make it clear that they were going to decrease their food ration due to all the people who now took refuge in the community but later she decided with a change of heart that the Saviors will leave for a few minutes a day in pairs and under the close supervision of the guards. In "The Key", Jerry met with Maggie inside the mansion to inform him about the surveillance posts located around the community which were ordered to notify when the Saviors were approaching the place so that everyone is ready to respond to the impending attack. In "Do Not Send Us Astray", Jerry meets the group at the Hilltop and prepared for a Savior attack at the top of the wall with several soldiers, when the Saviors attack the Hilltop, he and the others open fire on them and giving the necessary time for the Saviors to retreat and the next day Jerry helps bury the dead during the Savior assault and survived the walker outbreak caused by contaminated weapons. Later, they realized that Henry has disappeared. In "Still Gotta Mean Something", Jerry is still in the Hilltop guarding with Kal when they see Carol and Henry returns. While Kal and the other guards distract the walkers outside, happy to see that Henry was still alive, Jerry went to announce to King Ezekiel about their arrival, who calmed that Henry had not died as everyone speculated.

Paragraph 3: The width (and the presence) of this ice zone is usually seasonal and depends on ice thickness, topography of the sea floor and islands. It ranges from a few meters to several hundred kilometers. Seaward expansion is a function of a number of factors, notably water depth, shoreline protection, time of year and pressure from the pack ice. In Arctic seas the fast ice extends down to depths of , while in the Subarctic seas, the zone extends to depths of about . In some coastal areas with abrupt shelf and no islands, e.g., in the Sea of Okhotsk off Hokkaidō, tides prevent the formation of any fast ice. Smaller ocean basins may contain only the fast ice zone with no pack ice (e.g. McMurdo Sound in Antarctica). 

Paragraph 4: Émile Henri Bernard (28 April 1868 – 16 April 1941) was a French Post-Impressionist painter and writer, who had artistic friendships with Vincent van Gogh, Paul Gauguin and Eugène Boch, and at a later time, Paul Cézanne. Most of his notable work was accomplished at a young age, in the years 1886 through 1897. He is also associated with Cloisonnism and Synthetism, two late 19th-century art movements. Less known is Bernard's literary work, comprising plays, poetry, and art criticism as well as art historical statements that contain first-hand information on the crucial period of modern art to which Bernard had contributed.

Paragraph 5: St Giles Church lies opposite Quay's Farm behind a wall of flints and pink bricks and consists of nave, chancel and porch with traceried windows and one of the East Anglian round towers, in flint, containing three bells. The tower is plain up to above roof level, where a number of lancets appear below a shallow battlemented parapet. This tower has a texture of varicoloured flints, black, white, brown, glassy, dull, orange, not usually chipped or knapped, set in a buff-coloured mortar, and it rises with a slight taper from ground level and without obvious signs of coursing, as if built in one campaign. It is similar to the round tower at neighbouring Little Saxham. Inside the church, the tower arch seems rather tall for its width, and has roll mouldings about the arch and capitals marked with simple lozenge designs, as if Anglo-Saxon, but it may be from the Norman period in a style archaic for its time. The church guide suggests a date about 1000 to 1066. The space inside the round tower is surprisingly small, suggesting very thick walls. The interior of the church contains tablets to the Danby, Wastell, and Spark families; also a carved screen. On the nave floor, partly under a carpet, could be noted some arms of the Godfrey family in exactly the same style and material as those also noted for Godfrey at Lydd, Kent. The arms: A chevron between three pelicans' heads erased at the neck vulning themselves.  The colour of the field is given as Sable, the chevron as Or

Paragraph 6: Williams came into the US Open as the world no. 3, and was one of seven contenders to claim the number 1 ranking. Williams was also trying the title for the first time in six years. Williams began her tournament against Ukraine's Kateryna Bondarenko and cruised in straight set. She recorded six aces and won 92 percent of the points on her first serve. Williams, in her second round match took on Russia's Elena Vesnina and won with a double breadstick victory. In the following round, she faced 30th seed Ai Sugiyama and cruised in a 66 minutes straight sets win. In the fourth round, Williams cruised pass French wild card Séverine Brémond in straight sets winning both sets in two. In the final 8, Williams took on sister Venus Williams in their 17th meeting. In the first set Venus had the advantage serving for the set at the tenth game, however younger sister Serena came back to push it to a tie-break. Venus then had two set points in the tie-break, but Serena reeled in four straight points to win the set. In the second set, once again Venus served for the set in the ninth game and had three set points, just to see Serena save them all and save another one at the twelfth game to push to another tie-break. Venus then had another three set points in the tie-break, just to see Serena win 6 of the last 7 points to win the match. In the semifinals, Williams faced French Open finalist Dinara Safina, Safina took an early lead winning the first two games, just to see Williams come back breaking her in the fourth and eight game and served the set out in the ninth game saving two break points. Williams then cruised in the second set winning it in two. In her first final since 2002, Williams took on Jelena Janković for the title and the number 1 ranking. In the first set, Williams took control with a single break lead. The second set was a turn-around, Janković had her chances she had three set points in the Williams serve in the ninth game and served for the set in the tenth game. However, Williams came back and broke Janković in the tenth and twelfth game to win her third US Open title and ninth slam without dropping a set. Williams finished with 44 winners, offsetting her 39 unforced errors, while Janković had 15 winners and 22 unforced errors. The win also gave Williams the number 1 ranking.

Paragraph 7: Duggan wrote papers which reflected on his engagement in the Easter Rising. In his letters Duggan wrote about the tough times he spent imprisoned in Lewes, Mountjoy and Portland. Duggan also wrote about his participation in Sinn Féin and how he was released in 1917, and in 1918, how he was triumphant in being a candidate for the South Meath constituency. Most of Duggan's papers consisted of letters to his fiancée and later wife, May Duggan, which he wrote while he was in prison. Duggan's papers were very personal as they consisted of photographs of him, his family members and his political associates etc. Also information of his time as a TD was included. In one of his letters, which Duggan wrote on 25 April 1916, he referenced 'the whole damn family' consisting of information as to  how his volunteers and he were being 'treated as princes' by the nuns in the convent nearby, receiving help from the children in the area and building barricades. In his letter, Duggan also writes about morale amongst his comrades and hearing rumours about a German who had landed in County Kerry. News had emerged of Sean Connolly's death and that the British Army were unfair in concluding the rebellion. In Duggan's note, he proclaims that the letter should be sent to May Duggan who was his fiancée at the time. At the end of the letter Duggan referred to himself as 'Edmund' which he is also known as.

Paragraph 8: After the War of Independence the strong position of the Army and the lack of solid political institutions meant that every Peruvian president until 1872 held some military rank. The Ejército del Perú also had a major role in the definition of national borders by participating in several wars against neighbor countries. This included a conflict against Gran Colombia (1828-1829) where naval victories were obtained and the blockade of Guayaquil but had setbacks in Tarqui, after that an armistice is signed where it is indicated that it remains in statu quo, the Great Colombia dissolves months later product of the war with Peru, the wars of the Peru-Bolivian Confederation (1836-1839), two military invasions to Bolivia and the subsequent expulsion of Bolivian troops from Peruvian soil (1828 and 1841) and a successful occupation of Ecuador (1858-1860). Starting in 1842, increased state revenues from guano. Exports allowed the expansion and modernization of the Army, as well as the consolidation of its political power. These improvements were an important factor in the defeat of a Spanish naval expedition at the Battle of Callao (1866). However, continuous overspending and a growing public debt led to a chronic fiscal crisis in the 1870s which severely affected defense budgets. The consequent lack of military preparedness combined with bad leadership were major causes of Peru's defeat against Chile in the War of the Pacific (1879–1883). The reconstruction of the Army started slowly after the war due to a general lack of funds. A major turning point in this process was the arrival in 1896 of a French Military Mission contracted by president Nicolás de Piérola. By 1900 the peacetime strength of the army was evaluated at six infantry battalions (nearly 2,000 soldiers), two regiments and four squadrons and cavalry (between six and seven hundred soldiers), and one artillery regiment (just over 500 soldiers) for a total of 3,075 personnel. A military school was reportedly operating in the Chorrillos District of Lima and French officers were continuing to assist in the army's reorganization.

Paragraph 9: Christensen began her professional career with a supporting role in the comedy film Leave It to Beaver, and a one-episode guest appearance on the drama series Nothing Sacred, both of which were released/aired in 1997. She went on to guest star in numerous other television series in the late 1990s, including Frasier, The Practice, 3rd Rock from the Sun, and Touched by an Angel. She also starred in the Disney Channel original movie Can of Worms in 1999. Also in 1999, she starred as Abigail Winthrop on the short-lived CBS sitcom Thanks. That same year, she featured in Michael Jackson's music video for his song "Childhood", alongside actress Jena Malone.

Paragraph 10: The leading singer in the company of San Bartolomeo was the contralto Nicolò Grimaldi, known as "Cavalier Nicolino", a true star of the international operatic stage. Then nearing his sixties, he had been at the top of his profession for three decades. Next to him, in the role of secondo amoroso was Angiola Zanuchi (or Zanucchi), a mezzosoprano of probably limited scope who specialised in travesti roles. While the tenor role was taken by the expert singer Francesco Tolve, the company's true speciality was its female cast. The rank of prima donna indisputably belonged to the young soprano Lucia Facchinelli, known as "La Becheretta", who was well paired with "Nicolino" and had arrived in Naples with him. Otherwise, not one but two singers were available: Teresa Cotti (or Cotte), from Milan, a longstanding seconda donna, who had played the role of Salustia in a previous setting of Alessandro Severo; and the young Anna Mazzoni, who had been active in Naples for a couple of years and would go on to have a career as a prima donna across Italy and Europe in the 1740s. The libretto, perhaps chosen by design, perfectly suited this type of cast. Apart from the five customary main characters, a sixth was provided, that of Giulia Mammea, the far from exemplary mother of Emperor Alessandro. Roles for mothers (and wives) were virtually absent from the canonical Metastasian drama and only by reverting to a slightly old-fashioned libretto like Zeno's was it possible to supply such a prominent wicked-mother role as Giulia Mammea, for which the experienced Cotti appeared to be highly suited. But the problems of casting did not end there. The almost sixty-year-old Nicolino, perhaps because he was no longer able to cope with the vocal acrobatics demanded by the part of primo amoroso, perhaps simply because he was now tired of playing the role of the "young hero" in which he risked looking ridiculous, had already shown himself willing to compromise regarding his position. At the premiere of Artaserse by Johann Adolf Hasse in 1730, for example, he had handed over the rank of primo amoroso to the rising star Farinelli and had instead accepted the part of the villainous father Artabano, a typical tenor role. Another role of the kind was Massimiano, protagonist of the opera of the same name by Giuseppe Maria Orlandini, to a text by Zeno, in which he had starred in Venice in early 1731. All the evidence suggests that at Naples too, Nicolino, the theatre management and the young Pergolesi agreed to follow the same route, which entailed upsetting the usual hierarchy of the male section of the company: the primo musico took the role of the father (Marziano, a sort of evil male counterpart to Giulia Mammea), Zanuchi was promoted to the position of primo amoroso, in the role of the weak emperor Alessandro, and the tenor Tolve had to make do with the remaining role of Claudio.

Paragraph 11: After the team's highly successful run the previous year, Bayern management deferred to Van Gaal's assessment that no further transfers were needed in the run-up to the 2010–11 season. However, some players who had already been transferred away on a loan basis the year before, such as Luca Toni and José Sosa, were sold outright. Returning loanee Toni Kroos, who had also spent the last one-and-a-half years at Bayer Leverkusen, was the only notable "addition" to the squad. Bayern again had to deal with a string of injuries that befell key players, most notably Robben, who missed the whole first leg of the season due to a harmstring injury that he had picked up when preparing for the 2010 World Cup with the Netherlands. The team got off to a very poor start in the league, only securing eight points out of its first seven Bundesliga games and quickly conceding a substantial lead to eventual champions Borussia Dortmund. Hampered by consistently weak showings in its defence, Bayern finished the first half of the season in fifth place, 14 points behind leaders Dortmund. The winter transfer period saw the addition of Luiz Gustavo from 1899 Hoffenheim against the departures of captain Mark van Bommel to Milan and central defender Martín Demichelis to Málaga. While Bayern performed much better during the season's second half, securing the most league points of all teams, Dortmund's lead would eventually prove insurmountable. At the European level, Bayern looked poised to exact revenge on Internazionale for their Champions League final loss the year before, but despite a 1–0 away victory, the team exited the competition after a 2–3 home loss. Having already agreed to terminate his contract at the end of the season, Van Gaal was ultimately sacked outright on 10 April. Former assistant coach Andries Jonker took over the team and managed to win third place in the league, achieving the minimum aim of reaching a Champions League qualification spot.

Paragraph 12: Another predominant rivalry heading into the event was between Triple H and Chris Jericho. At King of the Ring, Jericho had kissed Triple H's storyline wife Stephanie McMahon-Helmsley as an act of humiliating her, though Stephanie's interference had ended up costing Jericho the King of the Ring tournament quarter-final match against Kurt Angle. The following night on the June 26 episode of Raw is War, Jericho had a match against X-Pac, who was a member of Triple H's faction D-Generation X and was accompanied by Stephanie, who had sought revenge against Jericho for the previous night. X-Pac defeated Jericho after interference from both Stephanie and Road Dogg and afterwards, Jericho was attacked by X-Pac and Road Dogg, enabling Stephanie to get her revenge and humiliate Jericho by slapping him in the face and kicking him in the groin. Later on that night, Jericho retaliated by costing Triple H a triple threat match against The Rock and Kurt Angle. On the June 29 episode of SmackDown!, Triple H demanded that Commissioner Mick Foley make a match between himself and Jericho that night. Commissioner Foley responded by making a six-man tag team match, pitting Triple H and his DX teammates Road Dogg and X-Pac against Jericho and the Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray Dudley and D-Von Dudley), which DX won. On the July 3 episode of Raw is War, Foley announced that Jericho and Triple H would wrestle in a match at Fully Loaded. On the July 10 episode of Raw is War, Jericho had a match against Road Dogg, with the former defeating the latter. This led to tension within DX backstage, culminating with a match between Triple H and X-Pac. Near the end of the match, Jericho had come out to attack Triple H, but unbeknownst to him, the entire scenario was an elaborate trap set by Triple H and DX, which led to Jericho being attacked and injured. A week later on the July 17 episode of Raw is War, Foley, at the demand of Jericho, had made Jericho and Triple H's upcoming match at Fully Loaded a Last Man Standing match. Also from within the same night, near the end of the main event tag team match between Triple H and Kurt Angle against The Undertaker and Kane, Jericho had unexpectedly appeared while being constantly held back by a large group of WWF referees and officials. Jericho's own appearance had cost Triple H the match, soon leading to Jericho attacking Triple H before being stopped and restrained by both the referees and officials.

Paragraph 13: Star Wars was released on May 25, 1977; unlikely hero Luke Skywalker is drawn into a galactic conflict between the Empire and Rebel Alliance by two droids and an old Jedi Knight; he helps make one of the Rebellion's most significant victories. The film's unanticipated success led Lucas to make it the basis of an elaborate serial. With the backstory he created for the sequel, Lucas decided that the series would be a trilogy of trilogies, with the original film given the subtitle Episode IV – A New Hope to establish it as the first part of the second trilogy. The first sequel, Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back, was released on May 21, 1980, and sees Luke begin training as a Jedi under the last living Jedi master, Yoda. Luke confronts Sith Lord Darth Vader, who is revealed to be Luke's father. Vader attempts to convert Luke to the dark side of the Force. The third film, Episode VI – Return of the Jedi, was released on May 25, 1983, and follows Luke as a full-fledged Jedi. Luke succeeds in redeeming Vader, thereby saving the galaxy from the Empire. The sequels were self-financed by Lucasfilm, and generally advertised without the episodic number distinction present in their opening crawls.

Paragraph 14: Clarkson at this point was so sure of victory that he started taking coffee breaks and playing games to amuse himself, such as trying to figure out how much it would cost to insure the car. Meanwhile, French Air Traffic Control had allowed Hammond and May to take a shortcut in their planned route and travel over central France rather than the Eastern border, meaning that by the time Clarkson had reached Troyes, the plane was virtually neck-and-neck with it. Fortunately, as Hammond and May were about to take the lead, May revealed that because of the delays in setting off from Cuneo and from having to refuel in Saint-Étienne, it would get dark whilst they were still flying over Northern France, and because May was not licensed to fly the plane at night, they would be forced to land in Lille. By the time they had touched down, Clarkson was close to Lens, around 70 miles from Calais, meaning that it was still neck-and-neck. However, as Hammond and May had to take a bus from the airport to Lille-Europe station to catch the Eurostar to London, Clarkson's lead was starting to increase again to the point that he arrived on British soil about half an hour before Hammond and May's Eurostar had passed through the Channel Tunnel. Once the train arrived at Waterloo Station, Hammond and May took a route 26 bus to reach Tower 42, whilst Clarkson was entering the city via the Blackwall Tunnel. When all three presenters reached Tower 42, they all struggled to understand the building's series of lifts, none of which directly went to the restaurant on the 42nd floor; indeed Clarkson was shown having to ask some of the staff for directions. When Hammond and May reached the finishing point, they could not see Clarkson there and so began to think that they had managed to win, until they both simultaneously noticed Clarkson's reflection in a window on the far side of the restaurant. As the three of them were sitting together eating dinner prepared with Clarkson's truffle, Clarkson remarked that his victory was a hollow one, as he knew he would have to go through the rest of his life knowing that he would never own the car that had won him the race, which he would later describe back in the studio as "the best car ever made", and which would later win the Top Gear 'Car of the Decade' Award a few series later. Winner: Car

Paragraph 15: Elton's early career was influenced by Alexander Carr-Saunders, Victor Ernest Shelford and Gordon Hewitt. In 1922 Alexander Carr-Saunders wrote The Population Problem: A Study of Human Evolution, where he outlines how the influence of overpopulation in humans has cascading effects on plant and animal life around the world. Elton later applied these ideas of fluctuation to animals. Victor Ernest Shelford wrote Animal Communities in Temperate America in 1913, where he outlines three main principles of ecology: (1) emphasis on the importance of studying the physiology of the organism, rather than the physiology of a specific organ; (2) evaluation of the "phenomena of behaviour and physiology" in relation to the natural environments; and (3) relation of the ecology of plant life to that of animal life. In Gordon Hewitt's 1921 book The Conservation of the Wildlife of Canada, Elton noticed the Canadian lynx and snowshoe hare population cycles, and developed greater understanding of population fluctuations in Arctic vertebrates with the Hudson's Bay Company.

Paragraph 16: Derby struggled badly following promotion and, after a promising beginning to the season Pearson soon found himself out of the side. He was loaned out to Stoke City for three months at the end of the season but only made four appearances, though he did contribute to the club's promotion, his second in twelve months. Though the move was initially with a view to a permanent deal, Stoke decided not to follow up their interest and he returned to Derby. In July 2008, Birmingham City had a £600,000 bid accepted and Pearson agreed personal terms, but his medical examination revealed a groin tear; the clubs agreed a loan deal instead, but the player rejected this arrangement. When Pearson recovered, he won his place back in the side and scored against Swansea City in a 1–1 away draw, but after a handful of starts suffered another injury which kept him out for 4 months. Pearson made his return from injury in the final minutes of Derby's FA Cup 5th round tie against Manchester United on 15 February 2009, but suffered setbacks on his road to recovery, finally starting again for the club against Burnley on 4 April 2009. and appearing in a further five games before the season ended, finishing the season with just 13 appearances in all competitions. Pearson enjoyed a more productive 2009–10 season with the club, making 34 starts and making a further 8 appearances as sub and impressed enough to earn a new contract until the end of the 2011–12 season from Derby manager Nigel Clough. He got his third Derby goal, and his first for 18 months, with the consolation strike in a 2–1 defeat at Bristol City in the penultimate game of Derby's 2009–10 campaign before a knee operation ruled him out for the next four months, meaning he would miss pre-season and the first four to six weeks of the 2010–11 season.

Paragraph 17: On 18 May 1896 a major civil disturbance occurred in Newlyn, which was at the time a major fishing port. Newlyn was home to a large number of Methodist and Non-Conformist religious groups, some of whom practised a ban on fishing on the day of the Sabbath. Non-Cornish fisherman, largely from Lowestoft and other English ports, did not hold the same opinions about observing the Sabbath, and so continued to fish on a Sunday, which would attract higher prices for their fish than sold on a weekday. On the morning of the 18th, a group of 40 fishermen bolstered by a mob of roughly a thousand supporters, boarded a number of non-Cornish fishing boats moored in the harbour and destroyed their catches. Police were alerted and arrived on the scene within a few hours, although they numbered only eight, supported by Cornwall County officers Superintendent Richard Nicholas and Inspector Matthews. Out at sea, over 100 Lowestoft vessels were approached by a small steamer piloted by the Newlyn harbour master, warning them of the situation. The harbour master himself was pursued by a local trawler, and by late afternoon a fleet of vessels from Porthleven had arrived in support of the mob. The following morning, police clashed with rioters around Newlyn Harbour, with Inspector Matthews severely injured by a fish box which was thrown at him, cutting his head and breaking his finger. During the chaos, seven "Yorkie" vessels were spotted making for Penzance to land their catches, and over 300 rioters made for Penzance harbour. Police intercepted the group at Penzance, and, backed by a large number of local youths, managed to deter them from attack. By mid afternoon the situation was out of control, and the police called in the military. At 6pm 400 soldiers from the Royal Berkshire Regiment under Major Massard arrived by train at Penzance and took temporary billets in the town, remaining on standby until the police required them. Two hours later, a large riot broke out between Newlyn, Porthleven and St Ives fishermen. Police were beaten back when they tried to intervene, giving them cause to call upon the assistance of the army who had arrived earlier. The police and army joined and were met with stone-throwing as they crossed the Newlyn Bridge, but were able to occupy the piers long enough to see in the arrival of HMS Ferret. The presence of the military on land and sea was enough to calm the rioters, and by midnight the disturbance was over.

Paragraph 18: Don Francisco was married to Donna Paula Diez, believed to be the sister of Don Antonio Filareto Diez e Palermo, a Sicilian Nobleman and Senator of Palermo in 1745 and 1764. Don Francisco and Donna Paula had five sons and three daughters. His eldest son, Don Bernabe (or Barnaba) Carrascon was a Colonel in command of the Provincial Regiments of the Kingdom of Naples, and later Commandant of Lucera. His second son, Don Antonio Carrascon, was a Lieutenant Colonel and Governor of the Fortress of Vieste on the Adriatic Sea. The other sons, Don Pietro Ignazio, Don Ferdinando and Don Francisco the Younger, also distinguished themselves in civil service and the military. Of the daughters, Donna Maria Giuseppa Carascon married Don Berlingiero Scoppa of Lucera, Donna Marianna Carascon married Colonel Don Orsino Scoppa of Lucera. Donna Concetta Carascon married Cavaliere Gaetano Pistorio of Messina.  Don Francisco's older brother, Don Pietro Carrascon, was a Commissario Ordinatore (Chief Financial and Military officer in the Neapolitan Army) based in Naples and Orbetello during his career. Don Pietro and his wife, Donna Maria Teresa Remon, had three children: Don Gabriele, Don Pietro the younger and Donna Marianna. Donna Marianna married Don Giuseppe Fernandez d'Espinosa, brother in law of one of the leaders of the Parthenopean Republic, Gabriele Manthone.  Don Francsico also had a sister, Donna Bernarda Carascon, who married the Governor of Pescara, Don Gioacchino (Joaquin) Fernandez d'Espinosa, father of the aforementioned Don Giuseppe and grandfather of Gabriele Manthone.

Paragraph 19: The NWA World Tag Team Championship was defended at Unbreakable in a Four Way Elimination Tag Team match by then-champions The Naturals (Andy Douglas and Chase Stevens), who were pitted against the teams of Alex Shelley and Sean Waltman, America's Most Wanted (Chris Harris and James Storm; AMW), and A-1 and Eric Young of Team Canada. This match was the combination of several storylines. The Naturals were involved in an on-screen rivalry heading into Unbreakable with A-1, Bobby Roode, Petey Williams, and Young—collectively known as Team Canada. At TNA's Slammiversary PPV event on June 19, The Naturals defeated Williams and Young to retain the World Tag Team Championship. The Naturals then teamed with Lance Hoyt in a Six Man Tag Team match to face A-1, Roode, and Young in a losing effort at TNA's No Surrender PPV event on July 17. Afterwards, The Naturals began an alliance with AMW leading to an Eight Man Tag Team match against A-1, Roode, Williams, and Young at Sacrifice. Team Canada were the victors at the show. On the August 19 episode of Impact!, The Naturals defeated A-1 and Young by disqualification to retain the World Tag Team Championship. Following the bout, Team Canada assaulted The Naturals until AMW came to their aid, which resulted in a brawl between the two teams with The Naturals feeling they did not need AMW's help. Concurrently at this time TNA held the Chris Candido Memorial Tag Team Tournament, which involved eight randomly assigned teams. Zbyszko announced on the August 26 episode of Impact! that a Four Way Elimination Tag Team match for the NWA World Tag Team Championship was planned for Unbreakable, in which The Naturals would defend against AMW, Team Canada, and the winners of the tournament. The final round of the Tournament was held on the September 9 episode of Impact!, where the team of Shelley and Waltman defeated the team of Chris Sabin and Shocker to join the match.

Paragraph 20: In mathematics, orientability is a broader notion that, in two dimensions, allows one to say when a cycle goes around clockwise or counterclockwise, and in three dimensions when a figure is left-handed or right-handed.  In linear algebra over the real numbers, the notion of orientation makes sense in arbitrary finite dimension, and is a kind of asymmetry that makes a reflection impossible to replicate by means of a simple displacement. Thus, in three dimensions, it is impossible to make the left hand of a human figure into the right hand of the figure by applying a displacement alone, but it is possible to do so by reflecting the figure in a mirror.  As a result, in the three-dimensional Euclidean space, the two possible basis orientations are called right-handed and left-handed (or right-chiral and left-chiral).

Paragraph 21: A tropical wave that led to the formation of Atlantic Hurricane Felix over the eastern Atlantic on September 7 also seems to have produced Kiko. This wave moved westward at low latitudes, crossing northern South America and Central America into the East Pacific from September 13 to 16. By September 17, cloudiness and showers increased near the Gulf of Tehuantepec. The area of disturbed weather moved westward for the next few days, without much increase in organization. On September 21, the system's cloud pattern became more consolidated, and curved bands of showers were evident. It is estimated that Tropical Depression Twelve-E had formed that day, at which time it was centered about  southwest of the southern tip of Baja California. Located in an environment of easterly vertical shear, the system strengthened slowly. By September 22 the organization of the cloud pattern improved, and the cyclone strengthened into Tropical Storm Kiko. Kiko turned from a northwestward to a west-northwestward heading that day. Although some easterly shear continued to affect the system, very deep convection persisted near the center, and based on Dvorak intensity estimates, Kiko strengthened into a hurricane around September 23. A little later on September 23, deep convection decreased in coverage and intensity and Hurricane Kiko weakened back to a tropical storm. The system continued to fall in intensity on September 24, in part due to the entrainment of more stable air into the circulation. Kiko weakened to a tropical depression on September 25, by which time southwesterly shear also became prevalent. The cyclone degenerated into a westward-moving swirl of low clouds with little or no deep convection later that day. Kiko's remnant low persisted and continued moving generally westward for several more days with intermittent, minor occurrences of deep convection within the circulation. It was finally absorbed into a frontal system to the northeast of the Hawaiian Islands on October 1.

Paragraph 22: Elovich began writing for downtown magazines including Bomb, City Moon, Roof, Gay Sunshine Press and The World from the mid- 1970s, and in 1980-1981 served as an art critic for The Burlington magazine.  In 1984, Elovich was dramaturge for the inaugural performance of Robert Wilson and David Byrne's The Knee Plays in Minneapolis, and conducted interviews with Ann Waldman, William S. Burroughs, Allen Ginsberg and others for a volume on William S. Burroughs, Jr. With Jim Self, a dancer from the Merce Cunningham company, Elovich collaborated on performances combining movement and text at The Kitchen (New Zuyder Zee, and Lookout, 1985). In 1986, poet Eileen Myles invited Elovich to curate performance at the St. Marks Poetry Project, and Elovich also began writing and staging his own work, including Ivan and the Lamp (1986), What the Water Gave Me (1986), My Hat It Has Three Corners (1986, with dancer Yvonne Meier), Bobby's Birthday Like That (1987) and Faking House (1987, with Pat Oleszko) at venues including PS 122, Danspace, BACA downtown and the Performing Garage.  In 1987 Elovich was hired as the first administrative director of Movement Research, the dance organization focused on improvisation and experimentation, where he established the Performance Journal and an artist-in-residence program while continuing to write and perform one-man shows (A Man Cannot Jump Over His Own Shadow (1988), If Men Could Talk, the Stories They Could Tell (1990).  Elovich organized other performance artists to challenge the 1990 decision by the National Endowment for the Arts chairman John Frohnmayer to defund four whose work included explicit sexual content, donating part of his own NEA award to support those defunded and charging the NEA with homophobia in an oped coauthored with Holly Hughes in the New York Times. NEA funding for Movement Research itself was the center of controversy in 1991 when conservative Senator Jesse Helms, outraged by the content in the gender and sexuality issue of the Performance Journal Three, had copies delivered to every Senator's office so they could appreciate the "filth and rottenness" of publicly funded art. Someone Else from Queens is Queer, Elovich's one-man play examining the intersection of AIDS activism, gay and Jewish identies in New York, won the Bessie Award in 1991, and led to an invitation to the Sundance Institute's screenwriters lab and to perform at the 1997 Sundance Film Festival.  Elovich has a cameo in Tom Kalin’s film Swoon, and performed in Charles Atlas's live TV broadcast "We Interrupt This Program."

Paragraph 23: Following the action-romance flick Thirumalai in 2003, Ghilli, a film directed by S. Dharani and produced by A. M. Rathnam, was released. It co-starred Trisha and Prakash Raj with Vijay as the lead. Ghilli was the first Tamil film of all time to gross over 500 million, or 50 crore, in the domestic box office.  The film grossed nearly $500,000 in the Malaysian market. Ghilli also broke the record for the most people seeing a movie in the first week of its release, previously held by M. G. Ramachandran's Adimai Penn (1969). Ghilli received favourable reviews. The Hindu stated that "Vijay, the hero whom the masses today identify with, and Prakash Raj, the inimitable villain in tow, this flick, "Ghilli"...on a winning track".

Paragraph 24: Task Force Dolvin moved out of Chinju at 06:00 on 26 September, on the road northwest toward Hamyang, the retreat route taken by the main body of the KPA 6th Division. The tank-infantry task force included as its main elements A and B Companies, 89th Medium Tank Battalion, and B and C Companies, 35th Infantry. It had two teams, A and B, each formed of an infantry company and a tank company. The infantry rode the rear decks of the tanks. The tank company commanders commanded the teams.  out of Chinju the lead M26 Pershing struck a mine. While the column waited, engineers removed eleven more from the road.  further on, a second tank was damaged in another mine field. Still farther along the road a third minefield, covered by a KPA platoon, stopped the column again. After the task force dispersed the KPA soldiers and cleared the road of mines, it found 6 antitank guns, 9 vehicles, and an estimated 7 truckloads of ammunition in the vicinity abandoned by the enemy. At dusk, the KPA blew a bridge  north of Hajon-ni () just half an hour before the task force reached it. During the night the task force constructed a bypass. The next morning, 27 September, a mine explosion damaged and stopped the lead tank. KPA mortar and small arms fire from the ridges near the road struck the advanced tank-infantry team. Tank fire cleared the left side of the road, but an infantry attack on the right failed. The column halted, and radioed for an air strike. Sixteen F-51 fighter-bombers came in strafing and striking the KPA-held high ground with Napalm, fragmentation bombs, and rockets. General Kean, who had come forward, watched the strike and then ordered the task force to press the attack and break through the KPA positions. The task force broke through on the road, bypassing an estimated 600 KPA soldiers. Another blown bridge halted the column for the night while engineers constructed a bypass. Continuing its advance at first light on the 28th, Task Force Dolvin an hour before noon met elements of the 23rd Infantry, 2nd Division, advancing from the east, at the road junction just east of Hamyang. There it halted three hours while engineers and 280 Korean laborers constructed a bypass around another blown bridge. Ever since leaving Chinju, Task Force Dolvin had encountered minefields and blown bridges, the principal delaying efforts of the retreating KPA 6th Division. When it was approaching Hamyang the task force received a liaison plane report that KPA forces were preparing to blow a bridge in the town. On Colonel Dolvin's orders the lead tanks sped ahead, machine-gunned KPA troops who were placing demolition charges, and seized the bridge intact. This success upset the KPA's delaying plans. The rest of the afternoon the task force dashed ahead at a speed of  an hour. It caught up with numerous KPA groups, killing some of the soldiers, capturing others, and dispersing the rest. At midafternoon Task Force Dolvin entered Namwon to find that Task Force Matthews and elements of the 24th Infantry were already there.

Paragraph 25: The Diodes formed in October 1976 at OCAD University after a chance meeting between members. They played their first gig supporting the Talking Heads in January 1977. The band, along with their manager Ralph Alfonso, went on to open Canada's first punk nightclub, the Crash 'n Burn, in June 1977. Many of the city's founding punk bands played in this iconic venue. The first groups to play the club were The Nerves, on a bill with The Diodes. Other international bands performing at the Crash 'n Burn included The Dead Boys. The club, which was housed in The Diodes' basement rehearsal space, was closed at the end of the summer of 1977, due to complaints by the Liberal Party of Ontario (the principal tenants of the building). The Crash 'n Burn was the subject of a movie by experimental filmmaker Ross McLaren, Crash 'n' Burn. Footage of the club also exists in the CBC Television archives because it was the subject of a TV special in 1977.

Paragraph 26: News promptly arrives by way of a Royal Proclamation that the Prince will marry the girl whose foot fits the glass slipper accidentally left behind by Cinderella at the ball. Lady Tremaine overhears Cinderella dreamily humming the song "So This is Love" as she heads to the attic, and realizes that she was the mysterious girl at the ball. Hoping to pass off one of her daughters as the mysterious girl, Lady Tremaine follows Cinderella up to the attic and locks her in her room, putting the key in her pocket. However, two of Cinderella's mice friends, Gus and Jaq, steal the key from the stepmother's pocket (after Lady Tremaine almost boils Gus in a tea cup) and succeed in returning the key to Cinderella, who rushes downstairs to the Grand Duke just as he and the footman are about to leave. Lady Tremaine attempts to convince the Duke that Cinderella is merely a lowly scullery maid who did not even attend the ball. But the Duke, who is required by the King's Royal Proclamation not to skip a single maiden in the kingdom on his quest for the mysterious girl the Prince danced with, solemnly rebuffs Lady Tremaine. The Duke also finds Cinderella strikingly familiar to him. He proceeds to try the glass slipper on Cinderella. In a last-ditch effort to foil Cinderella's dreams, Lady Tremaine trips the footman bearing the glass slipper, causing it to smash. She deviously grins with wicked satisfaction as the Duke wails in despair and fear of the King's reaction when he finds out that the slipper was broken. But Cinderella still manages to come out on top by revealing that she has the other slipper, and that it fits her foot, proving that she is the girl who danced with Prince Charming, much to her stepmother's appalled horror. Beyond a single brief close-up of her appalled face, the movie does not dwell on her defeat, how she and her daughters further reacted or what happened to them; instead there is only a quick resolution where Cinderella is shown as the Prince's happy bride, her stepfamily out of the picture.

Paragraph 27: There is 'rapidly growing interest in disorganized attachment' from clinicians and policy-makers as well as researchers. Yet the Disorganized/disoriented attachment (D) classification has been criticised by some for being too encompassing. In 1990, Ainsworth put in print her blessing for the new 'D' classification, though she urged that the addition be regarded as 'open-ended, in the sense that subcategories may be distinguished', as she worried that the D classification might be too encompassing and might treat too many different forms of behaviour as if they were the same thing. Indeed, the D classification puts together infants who use a somewhat disrupted secure (B) strategy with those who seem hopeless and show little attachment behaviour; it also puts together infants who run to hide when they see their caregiver in the same classification as those who show an avoidant (A) strategy on the first reunion and then an ambivalent-resistant (C) strategy on the second reunion. Perhaps responding to such concerns, George and Solomon have divided among indices of Disorganized/disoriented attachment (D) in the Strange Situation, treating some of the behaviours as a 'strategy of desperation' and others as evidence that the attachment system has been flooded (e.g. by fear, or anger). Crittenden also argues that some behaviour classified as Disorganized/disoriented can be regarded as more 'emergency' versions of the avoidant and/or ambivalent/resistant strategies, and function to maintain the protective availability of the caregiver to some degree. Sroufe et al. have agreed that 'even disorganised attachment behaviour (simultaneous approach-avoidance; freezing, etc.) enables a degree of proximity in the face of a frightening or unfathomable parent'. However, 'the presumption that many indices of "disorganisation" are aspects of organised patterns does not preclude acceptance of the notion of disorganisation, especially in cases where the complexity and dangerousness of the threat are beyond children's capacity for response'. For example, 'Children placed in care, especially more than once, often have intrusions. In videos of the Strange Situation Procedure, they tend to occur when a rejected/neglected child approaches the stranger in an intrusion of desire for comfort, then loses muscular control and falls to the floor, overwhelmed by the intruding fear of the unknown, potentially dangerous, strange person'.

Paragraph 28: In the late 1830s, Symonds, alongside Theophilus Heale and Dudley Sinclair (son of Scottish aristocrat Sir George Sinclair), attempted to develop a section of coast alongside the Waitākere Ranges as a trading post and timbermill, which Symonds named Cornwallis after his late uncle, Charles Cornwallis, 1st Marquess Cornwallis. The plan of the township was laid out, however it was never developed. After the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi in 1840, Symonds was summoned to testify at the Crown Land Commission to examine the private land deal that led to the creation of Cornwallis, however the court was dissatisfied at the lack of information around the trade goods that were given to Ngāti Whātua, and banned logging activities at Cornwallis for two years until the agreement could be settled. When Scottish settlers arrived at the barren settlement in 1840, he provided them food and support. On 20 March 1840, Symonds and James Hamlin organised for a signing of the Treaty of Waitangi on the Āwhitu Peninsula, where Apihai Te Kawau of Ngāti Whātua signed, but several Waikato Tainui chiefs refused.

Paragraph 29: Time passes by and Yug finally finds out the truth behind Gauri and marries Kali once again. Gauri then plans to make Kali seem dead by injecting some type of medicine on her but that plan fails when her injection breaks. Instead, she puts the poison in the safety pin and hooks it on Kali's doli. Kali is pricked by the safety pin. While performing rituals and praying in the temple at Yug's house, Kali faints. They call the doctor but the doctor tells everyone that Kali is dead. Just then, Yug realizes that it could have been Gauri and goes to her hotel to drag her there. She fakes and does some drama of crying and says she will bring Kali back to life by burning kapur on her hand. She has already put a chemical on her hand to make sure her palm doesn't burn. The poison wears off and Kali regains conscientious, leaving everyone believing Gauri. However, Yug does not believe Gauri and sends her out of the house. Gauri vows for revenge. She comes back as a servant and starts to make Leela believe that an evil spirit is haunting her. She brings a fake astrologer and he tells that Yug should be 21 kilometers away from the house. Leela and Yug believe it and Yug leaves. Later with the help of the astrologer, Gauri makes it look like Kali has the evil spirit inside her and Leela decides to sacrifice Kali. Manjiri comes to Yug's house and discovers that there is a pooja going on and asks for Kali, who is locked in a room. Manjiri gets suspicious and follows the car leading to the ashram. She brings a real astrologer and the truth behind Gauri gets revealed to everyone. Kali, enraged, slaps Gauri for her deeds and Gauri later reveals to everyone that Leela did not want Kali to be her daughter in law and encouraged Gauri that Yug would be married to her. Yug gets distraught and leaves while Gauri and the fake astrologer get arrested. Gauri vows to destroy his whole family. After three months, however, Gauri who is released from jail returns and reveals to everyone that she is pregnant with Yug's child. Because of this Yug allows her to stay until the child is born. Later, it is revealed that Kaali is also pregnant. This matter, however, is only known by Gauri and Vishwa as they bribed the nurse to get her reports before she does. To make sure that Kaali and Yug stay apart Gauri plans to have Kali thrown out of the house which is eventually carried out by Yug himself, as he does so Vishwa then takes Kaali to the top of a cliff and reveals her pregnancy to her just as he is about to push her off. Vishwa pushes Kali off of the cliff but Kali hangs onto a branch. Vishwa throws a rock at her and she falls. Afterward, Kali's suicide note comes and everyone believes Kali to be dead. Leela asks Yug to marry Gauri and give the child a legitimate name. Yug agrees to marry Gauri. Meanwhile, Kali doesn't die and is saved by a mentally challenged man named Nandu Singh (Mayank Gandhi). Kali asks Nandu to take her to Choudhary House. Nandu takes her there but returns. There back in his village, some kids tease him as Kali's husband. Nandu becomes shy and later, Nandu marries Kali and then takes her to the hospital where he gets to know that Kali is in a coma.

Paragraph 30: The railroad was also having financial problems as the 1920s dawned. The USRA takeover of the US railroad system during World War I turned out to be disastrous for the M&StL. The USRA mis-managed many roads and the M&StL was among those to suffer the worst of USRA mismanagement. By 1923, financial difficulties brought on by USRA mismanagement led the road to again enter receivership by mid-year. William Bremner was appointed receiver and the road struggled mightily throughout the remainder of the 1920s. The court overseeing the receivership would not allow expenditures that would have contributed to improved physical plant and greater efficiency, such as new locomotives, modern rolling stock and heavier rail. Bremner soldiered on overseeing the operations of the road, but there were almost no efforts made at reorganizing the road, as what little cash was available was used to pay bankruptcy creditors. In 1927, the Great Northern Railway (GN) and the Northern Pacific Railway (NP) announced their intentions to merge and would include M&StL in the new "Great Northern Pacific Railway." On an inspection tour of the road with Bremner as part of goodwill in the merger proceedings, GN's Ralph Budd found the M&StL to be in deplorable condition and wrote to a colleague that he was even more convinced that M&StL could never make it as a stand-alone carrier. Still, the case was brought before the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) which approved the merger, except that GN and NP would have to divest themselves of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad (CB&Q). Not wanting to part with its very lucrative link to Chicago, GN and NP dropped the merger case and M&StL remained independent while remaining in serious financial trouble, with the Great Depression just around the corner. During the first part of the 1930s, several suggestions were made to sell off M&StL piecemeal to whoever wanted its disparate pieces. The Illinois Central, CB&Q, Soo Line, GN, Wabash Railroad and the Chicago and North Western Railway (C&NW) comprised a syndicate called Associated Railways that was to determine how the M&StL should be broken up. Competing forces with company employees and its receivers on one hand and Associated on the other brought further complexity to M&StL's already precarious position each lobbying their positions before the ICC on the matter. Despite the fight for the railroad to be sold to a larger operation, broken up piecemeal, or shut down entirely, Lucian Sprague took over as receiver in 1935 after Bremner unexpectedly died in November 1934. Sprague streamlined the company and its assets by selling off scrap, increasing efficiency and ordering significant abandonments, mostly in Iowa. The most notable abandonment was the portion of the Southwestern between Storm Lake, Iowa and Spencer, Iowa which was abandoned in 1936 and the huge bridge that spanned the Little Sioux River valley was dismantled. The Milwaukee Road offered to take over operations along the Storm Lake, Truesdale, Rembrandt remnants of the Southwestern north of Storm Lake thereby allowing abandonment to proceed. Other abandonments were granted in the late 1930s in Iowa and South Dakota, trimming 17 percent of railroad in Iowa alone. With these cost saving measures, Sprague began efforts at reorganizing the property in 1940. By 1942 Sprague was elevated to chairman/president and orchestrated a reorganization that year. The effort was a success and in 1943 the receivership was terminated and ownership was returned to the railroad.