Paragraph 1: The 2010 event on Ascension Day weekend of May 13–16 saw a return of most prominent entries, except the Ford GT, as team Raeder had discontinued this project. To give teams time to rest or for repairs before the race, the night practice was scheduled on Thursday evening. In cold and wet conditions, the Farnbacher-entered Ferrari F430 GTC set the best lap time before the session was red-flagged due to fog. In Friday afternoon qualifying, held in fair weather, it crashed out and was barely repaired in time for the race. Four of the five factory-backed Audi R8 LMS (officially entered by "customers", which happen to be the Audi-DTM-teams Phoenix Racing and Abt Sportsline) occupied the first four places on the grid, with Marco Werner setting pole at 8:24.753 with a new record average speed of . With lap times around 8:29, three of Porsche's new SP9/GT3-class cars occupied places 5 to 7, two of them entered by four-time winner Team Manthey, which had chosen to let the #1 car do only a single lap. BMW had entered two of their ALMS BMW M3 GT2, run by Schnitzer Motorsport. Due to the modifications that include a transaxle gear box, they do not comply to the standard rules set of SP classes and their "Balance of Performance". Along with a factory-entered Porsche GT3 Hybrid, the M3s were classed as E1-XP entries (the E1-XP class was actually intended for experimental factory entries). The better BMW and the Hybrid posted times of 8:32 and 8:34 in qualifying. Save for the 16th placed GT3-class Dodge Viper, only several other Porsche, Audi R8 and V8-powered BMW Z4 (E89)#BMW Z4 GT3 (2010-2015) have qualified in the top 20, with times up to 8:47, which earns them a blue flash light that is supposed to facilitate passing of the approx. 180 slower cars.

Paragraph 2: In November 2015, the whistle-blower's letter referred to SEBI's technical advisory committee (TAC) report that concluded in March 2016, that NSE systems were prone to 'manipulation' and thus recommended an investigation. This was when SEBI directed the new NSE board to conduct a forensic audit of its systems and deposit revenue from co-location trading in an escrow account.  This was a blow to NSE's plans of going public as the co-location server facility stream accounted for nearly 35–40 per cent of the NSE's core revenues. The NSE added public interest directors to its board. They include: Ashok Chawla, former finance secretary; Naved Masood, former secretary in the Ministry of Corporate Affairs; TV Mohandas Pai, chairman of Manipal Global Education Services; Dinesh Kanabar, former deputy CEO of KPMG in India, and Dharmishta Raval, former SEBI executive director. The board then appointed Deloitte to conduct a forensic inquiry. The Deloitte report, submitted to SEBI on 23 December 2016, found that the exchange's tick-by-tick (TBT) system was prone to manipulation and restated the findings by the SEBI panel that some stock brokers obtained preferential access to servers. The NSE also admitted this in its draft prospectus. In a written reply, Minister of State for Finance, Arjun Meghwal told the Lok Sabha in 2016: "The architecture of NSE with respect to dissemination of tick-by-tick through transmission control protocol (TCP) or internet protocol (IP) was prone to manipulation or market abuse. And this system has been discontinued by NSE from 3 December 2016." SEBI's action was to nudge the NSE into conducting investigations by two big global consulting firms, Deloitte and Ernst & Young, despite the fact that both had a potential conflict of interest, having handled major projects or consulting assignments for the course. Ravi Narain, as MD and CEO of the NSE, was also the head of the sub-committee which chose Deloitte for the forensic audit of NSE, despite being fully aware that Deloitte was working on a large project for NSE's disaster recovery center (DRC). This was a clear case of conflict of interest. In July 2018, SEBI issued a second show-cause notice to the NSE, many of its former and existing executives, and senior officials alleged to have violated the SEBI Act, Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, and Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices and broker regulations. The notice comes even as the CBI has booked brokers and unidentified officials at the NSE and SEBI for preferential access through the co-location service.

Paragraph 3: The Cady Way Trail was constructed along the abandoned roadbed of the East Florida & Atlantic Railroad, which ran to the Naval Training Center Orlando. Its south end is at Orlando Fashion Square, and its north end is at Hall Road at Aloma Avenue in Goldenrod at the Seminole County line. It continues northeast approximately  as the Cross Seminole Trail. Departing south from Hall Road, the trail passes Goldenrod Park, crosses State Road 436 via a bridge opened in November 2006, then passes Cady Way Park, Ward Park, Brookshire Elementary School, Winter Park High School, the former Naval Training Center Orlando (now the community of Baldwin Park) and the Winter Pines Golf Club. Part of the trail also passes through the city of Winter Park.

Paragraph 4:  the size of the global strip club industry was estimated to be US$75 billion. In 2019, the size of the U.S. strip club industry was estimated to be US$8 billion, generating 19% of the total gross revenue in legal adult entertainment. SEC filings and state liquor control records available at that time indicated that there were at least 3,862 strip clubs in the United States, and since that time, the number of clubs in the U.S. has grown. Profitability of strip clubs, as with other service-oriented businesses, is largely driven by location and customer spending habits. The better appointed a club is, in terms of its quality of facilities, equipment, furniture, and other elements, the more likely customers are to encounter cover charges and fees for premium features such as VIP rooms. 

Paragraph 5: Construction and improvements to captured facilities were given to Navy Seabee construction brigades 8th, 10th, 70th and 11th. The 1181st US Army Engineer construction joined in the construction projects. Some construction brigades came ashore during the landings as support combat engineers. As soon as the beaches were secured, the construction brigades began fixing and improving beach exit roads and bridges. Construction brigades were given the dangerous task of clearing land mines and demolitions. The other high priorities for the Construction brigades were fresh water and the repair and expansion of the airfields on Okinawa, once they were captured. Construction brigades worked in shifts around the clock, due to the high priorities of these tasks. Seabee 43rd Naval Construction Regiment landed with the troop on the east coast of Okinawa. The next Seabee landings were the 36th, 40th, and 87th Seabee Battalions in late April from Naval Base Saipan on LST ships. Seabee built their own loading zone for the heavy equipment needed for road work and runway repair and improvement.  Heavy rains sometimes slowed and stop the work. Work on Yontan Airfield and Kadena Airfield started on April 3, both were ready the next day by the efforts of 1901st Aviation Engineer Battalion and Seabee 624. The repaired runways were used by fighter aircraft and reconnaissance aircraft. Seabee added a tank farm for fuel storage. On April 28, Seabee started construction of new runway that could handle the needs of Bombers at Yontan Airfield. There were now 95,000 construction troops on Okinawa, improving and building facilities. Next repair and improvement started at Bolo Airfield and Yonabaru Airfield. When completed Yonabaru Airfield was 6,500 feet long. Due to poor drainage at Awase Airfield, the captured runway was abandoned, for later work. From June 15 to Awase Airfield completion on June 30, Seabee did massive earthwork project to drain and fill the Awase runway. Awase Airfield became a fighter aircraft base. Seabee 36th Battalion began building a new 5,000-foot fighter aircraft runway nearby to Awase starting on April 23. On May 6 Seabees of the 40th Battalion began the repair and improvement of the Chimu Airfield. On the Katsuren Peninsula at Katchin Hanto Seabees of the 7th Battalion started work on a seaplane base, that opened on July 1. Also at Katchin Hanto Seabees built a large supply depot. For unloading all the needed cargo harbor facilities at Katchin Hanto, Tengan and Baten Ko at Buckner Bay were built. At Tengan a breakwater and pier was built.  A number of anchored pontoon piers and causeways were built to get over the coral reefs. Seabees used many tugboats and barges to get cargo ashore. Most ships could not get to pontoon causeways, so ships would unload into barges, barge cargo was then loaded into trucks. Additional piers and causeways were built at City of Kin on Chimu-Wan Bay, Awase, Machinato, Chimu Wan, Yonabaruand, City of Kuba Saki and Bisha Gawa. Unten Ko on Motobu Hanto and Chimu Wan became a supply depot with boat repair, naval mine depot. Each depot has an ammunition depot outside of the main depot. A ship repair depot was established at Baten Ko. Buckner Bay and Chimu Wan became massive supply depots. Port at Awase became an aircraft repair depot, with the docking of aircraft repair ships and Combat Aircraft Service Unit.

Paragraph 6: From the early years, the Manchus' relations with the neighboring Mongol tribes had been crucial in the dynasty development. Nurhaci had exchanged wives and concubines with the Khalkha Mongols since 1594, and also received titles from them in the early 17th century. He also consolidated his relationship with portions of the Khorchin and Kharachin populations of eastern Mongols. They recognized Nurhaci as Khan, and in return leading lineages of those groups were titled by Nurhaci and married with his extended family. Nurhaci chose to variously emphasize either differences or similarities in lifestyles with the Mongols for political reasons. Nurhaci said to the Mongols that "The languages of the Han and Koreans are different, but their clothing and way of life is the same. It is the same with us Manchus (Jušen) and Mongols. Our languages are different, but our clothing and way of life is the same." Later Nurhaci indicated that the bond with the Mongols was not based in any real shared culture, rather it was for pragmatic reasons of "mutual opportunism", when he said to the Mongols: "You Mongols raise livestock, eat meat and wear pelts. My people till the fields and live on grain. We two are not one country and we have different languages." As Nurhaci formally declared independence from the Ming dynasty and proclaimed the Later Jin in 1616, he gave himself a Mongolian-style title, consolidating his claim to the Mongolian traditions of leadership. The banners and other Manchu institutions are examples of productive hybridity, combining "pure" Mongolian elements (such as the script) and Han Chinese elements. Intermarriage with Mongolian noble families had significantly cemented the alliance between the two peoples. Hong Taiji further expanded the marriage alliance policy; he used the marriage ties to draw in more of the twenty-one Inner Mongolian tribes that joined the alliance with the Manchus. Despite the growing intimacy of Manchu-Mongol ties, Ligdan Khan, the last Khan from the Chakhar, resolutely opposed the growing Manchu power and viewed himself as the legitimate representative of the Mongolian imperial tradition. But after his repeated losses in battle to the Manchus in the 1620s and early 1630s, as well as his own death in 1634, his son Ejei Khan eventually submitted to Hong Taiji in 1635 and the Yuan seal is also said to be handed in to latter, ending the Northern Yuan. Ejei Khan was given the title of Prince (Qin Wang, 親王). The surrendered Inner Mongols were divided into separate administrative banners. Soon afterwards the Manchus founded the Qing dynasty and became the ruler of China proper.

Paragraph 7: The material on Diamonds in the Rough strike a musical balance between infectious up-tempo hootenannies and stark, allegorical compositions with recitations that recall Hank Williams' recordings as Luke the Drifter. In an interview with Paul Zollo for American Songwriter magazine, Prine stated that "Sour Grapes" and "The Frying Pan" were two of his earliest songwriting efforts, explaining that he "had a girlfriend whose father was a janitor. And the reason I’m telling you that is because he had access to a tape recorder, and nobody else I knew had one. They were really rare. A reel-to-reel. He got it from the language department. It was broken and he fixed it and had it at home. And I sat down and taped three songs for this girl and her sister. And the three songs were 'Frying Pan', 'Sour Grapes', and 'Twist & Shout'...Years later, I ended up marrying that girl. She was my first wife. She found the tape.  It was after I had made the first album, so I put two of those songs on Diamonds in the Rough.  And those were the first songs I remember writing." Prine also added that he wrote "Souvenirs" in his car, "a 65 Chevelle. Driving to the Fifth Peg.  Like the 5th or 6th time playing there. I used to play there just Thursdays after they hired me. They hired me from that open stage the very first time I sang for the crowd. They invited me back a week later, and I did it again for an open stage...So about the fifth time I was driving down there I thought, God, the same people are gonna be sitting there. I better have a new song. So I wrote 'Souvenirs' in the car on the way down. And then I thought I’d come up with a melody. And I thought I had come up with a pretty sophisticated melody in my head, and I was surprised to find out it had the same three chords that all my other songs have.  Really surprised.  I thought I had written a jazz melody."  Prine often performed "Souvenirs" with his friend and fellow songwriter Steve Goodman, who played on the original recording, and in the same interview the singer confessed, "Yeah, I can still hear him playing it. He played a back melody, so that you could barely hear the difference of who was playing. On tape or when we did it live. And I realized a large part of what he was doing was making it sound like I was playing the good part.  And that’s basically the kind of guy he was."

Paragraph 8: The Battle of White Oak Swamp took place on June 30, 1862, in Henrico County, Virginia, as part of the Seven Days Battles (Peninsula Campaign) of the American Civil War. As the Union Army of the Potomac retreated southeast toward the James River, its rearguard under Maj. Gen. William B. Franklin stopped Maj. Gen. Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson's divisions at the White Oak Bridge crossing, resulting in an artillery duel, while the main Battle of Glendale raged two miles (3 km) farther south around Frayser's Farm. White Oak Swamp is generally considered to be part of the larger Glendale engagement. Because of this resistance from Brig. Gen. William B. Franklin's VI Corps, Jackson was prevented from joining the consolidated assault on the Union Army at Glendale that had been ordered by General Robert E. Lee, producing an inconclusive result, but one in which the Union Army avoided destruction and was able to assume a strong defensive position at Malvern Hill.

Paragraph 9: Okubo was born in Kanda, Fukuoka on 9 June 1982. After graduating from high school, he joined J1 League club Cerezo Osaka in 2001. He played many matches as forward and offensive midfielder from first season. However Cerezo finished at the bottom place in 2001 season and was relegated to J2 League. In 2002 season, he scored 18 goals which was the second top scorer and Cerezo reached the second place and was returned to J1 in a year. From 2003, he scored more than 15 goals in J1. He was also selected Asian Young Footballer of the Year award in 2003.

Paragraph 10: At the end of the 1890s Fauré's publisher, Julien Hamelle, suggested that the composer should rescore the Requiem for performance in concert halls. The intimate sound of the earlier versions was effective in liturgical performances, but for the large concert venues, and large choral societies of the time, a larger orchestra was required. The autograph of the resulting 1900 version does not survive, and critics have speculated whether Fauré, who was not greatly interested in orchestration, delegated some or all of the revision to one of his pupils. Many details of the augmented score differ from Fauré's own earlier amendments to the original 1888 manuscript. The new score was published in 1901 at the same time as a vocal score edited by one of Fauré's favourite pupils, Jean Roger-Ducasse, and some critics have speculated that he reorchestrated the full score at Fauré's instigation. Others have questioned whether so skilled an orchestrator as Roger-Ducasse would have "perpetrated such pointlessly inconspicuous doublings", or left uncorrected the many misprints in the 1901 edition. Alan Blyth speculates that the work may have been done by someone in Hamelle's firm. The misprints have been corrected in later editions, notably those by Roger Fiske and Paul Inwood (1978) and Nectoux (2001).

Paragraph 11: Iran elects on national level a head of state and the head of government (the president), a legislature (the Majlis), and an "Assembly of Experts" (which elects the Supreme Leader). City and Village Council elections are also held every four years throughout the entire country. The president is elected for a four-year term by the citizens. The Parliament or Islamic Consultative Assembly (Majlis-e Shura-ye Eslami) currently has 290 members, also elected for a four-year term in multi- and single-seat  constituencies. Elections for the Assembly of Experts are held every eight years. All candidates have to be approved by the Guardian Council. See Politics of Iran for more details.

Paragraph 12:  Sarah Diemer's The Dark Wife Raven c.s. McCracken's It's Always Spring Break Somewhere in the Galaxy J.A. Pitts's Black Blade Blues, Honeyed Words, and Forged in Fire L.J. Baker's Broken Wings, Promises, Promises, and Adijan and the Genie Gill McKnight's Garoul series: Goldenseal,Ambereye, and Indigo Moon Merry Shannon's Sword of the Guardian Allison Moon's "Tales of the Pack" series of novels including Lunatic Fringe and Hungry Ghost Melissa Grace's Tainted Elite Young adult fiction Ruby (1976), Rosa GuyHappy Endings Are All Alike (1978), Sandra ScoppettoneThe Last of Eden (1980), Stephanie TolanCrush (1981), Jane FutcherAnnie on My Mind (1982), Nancy GardenDeath Wore a Diadem (1989), Iona McGregorGood Moon Rising (1996), Nancy GardenThe House You Pass on the Way (1997), Jacqueline WoodsonThe Year of Freaking Out (1997), Sarah WalkerDare Truth or Promise (1997), Paula BoockAllison (1998), Tatiana StrelkoffGirl Walking Backwards (1998), Bett WilliamsSummer Sisters (1998), Judy BlumeTomorrow Wendy (1998), Shelley StoehrOut of the Shadows (2000), Sue HinesA Year of Full Moons (2000), Madelyn ArnoldEmpress of the World (2001), Sara RyanFinding H.F. (2001), Julia WattsGravel Queen (2003), Tea BenduhnI've Known Since I Was Eight (2003), Sophie GlasserKeeping You a Secret (2003), Julie Anne PetersKissing Kate (2003), Lauren MyracleThe Bermudez Triangle (2004), Maureen JohnsonGood Girls Don't (2004), Claire HennessyHeart (2004), Lexi HarrisOrphea Proud (2004), Sharon Dennis WyethRosemary and Juliet (2004), Judy MacLeanSugar Rush (2004), Julie BurchillFar from Xanadu (2005), Julie Anne PetersThe Will of the Empress (2005), Tamora Piercegrl2grl (2007), Julie Anne PetersThe Rules for Hearts (2007), Sara RyanSplit Screen (2007), Brent HartingerAlix & Valérie (2008), Íngrid DíazDown to the Bone (2008), Mayra Lazara DoleM+O 4Ever (2008), Tonya Cherie HegaminMy Tiki Girl (2008), Jennifer McMahonPretty Little Liars (2008–present), Sara ShepardThe Girl from Mars (Marsmädchen) (2008), Tamara BachThe Questions Within (2008), Teresa ShaefferRage: A Love Story (2009), Julie Anne PetersAsh (2009), Malinda LoI Kiss Girls (2007), Gina HarrisTorn (2009), Amber LehmanThe Dark Wife (2011), Sarah DiemerThe Miseducation of Cameron Post (2012), Emily DanforthCandlelight (2013), Sara C. RoethleAfterworlds (2014), Scott WesterfieldUnspeakable (2015), Abbie Rushton

Paragraph 13: Posey was elected a member of the Virginia committee of correspondence in 1775. He served in the army during the War of Independence, first as a captain in the Continental Army, mostly with the 7th Virginia Regiment, then later rising to the rank of lieutenant colonel in 1782. Some claimed his quick rise was due to the patronage of George Washington. During the war Posey led campaigns against Lord Dunmore who was fortified on Gwyn's Island and drove him and his naval support out of the area. Lord Dunmore had been the officer he served under during the Indian war. In the winter of 1775 the 7th Virginia Regiment marched to join with General George Washington in New Jersey. It was at this time that Washington promoted Posey to the rank of captain. During the winter of 1776, Posey commanded the pickets guarding the Valley Forge encampment and led skirmishes almost daily. The following campaigning season, his corps was involved in the battle to drive Gen. Howe back to New York City, and played a critical role in the Battle of Monmouth. In 1778 Capt. Posey replaced Daniel Morgan as commander of the Provisional Rifle Corps when it was reduced to two companies. His small unit was sent to upstate New York to help secure that frontier flank of the Continental Army's Highland Department. He was promoted to major and given command of the 7th Virginia Regiment on December 20, 1778.

Paragraph 14: The Athletics had captured their third straight American League pennant, winning 107 games (and 313 from 1929–31). But this would prove to be the final World Series for longtime A's manager Connie Mack. As he did after the Boston "Miracle Braves" swept his heavily favored A's in the  Series, Mack would break up this great team by selling off his best players, this time out of perceived economic necessity rather than pique and competition from the short-lived Federal League. It would be the A's last World Series appearance in Philadelphia and it would be 41 years—and two cities—later before the A's would return to the Fall Classic, after their successive moves to Kansas City in 1955 and Oakland in 1968. This would also be the city of Philadelphia's last appearance in the Series until 1950. It was also the last World Series until the 2017 edition in which both teams who had won at least 100 games in the regular season went the maximum seven games.

Paragraph 15: In year 1933 Andreev has the most powerful mystical experience so far: "In November of 1933, I chanced to stop by a small church on Vlasevsky Lane. There, an acathistus to St. Serafim of Sarov was in progress. Hardly had I opened the door when a warm wave of choral music descended on me and surged straight to my heart. I was overcome by a state that is very difficult for me to write about, let alone describe without tears. Although I had previously disdained to engage in genuflection-my emotional immaturity has led me to suspect something servile in the custom-an irresistible impulse caused me to kneel. But even that was not enough. And when I prostrated myself on the rug, which was faded and worn by thousands of feet, some secret door in my soul swung open, and tears of blissful rapture, comparable to nothing else I had ever known, gushed forth uncontrollably. In truth, I do not really care how experts of various kinds of ecstasies label what then followed, and into what categories they place it. During those minutes I was raised to Heavenly Russia and presented before its Synclite of the enlightened. I felt the unearthly warmth of spiritual rays pouring from the center of the land, which is accurately and fittingly called the Heavenly Kremlin. The great spirit who had at one time lived on Earth in the person of Serafim of Sarov, and who is now one of the brightest lights on the Russian Synclite, approached and bent down to me, wrapping me, as if with a vestment, in streaming rays of light and gentle warmth. For almost a whole year, until the church was closed down, I went every Monday to the acathistus of St. Serafim and, incredibly, experienced that same state every time, again and again, with undiminished strength."

Paragraph 16: The idea for The Emperor's Riddles was born out of a random Internet search by Nayak after reading the Dan Brown thriller Angels & Demons to find out if there was something similarly esoteric and mysterious hidden in the history of India. The surfing yielded an obscure but fascinating conspiracy theory involving one of the greatest Emperors of ancient India. Nayak was intrigued by the Emperor's legend and the imperial secret believed to be still alive and functioning and decided to capture this story. The first draft took about six months and was ready in 2011. The manuscript was accepted by Red Ink Literary Agency and subsequently underwent another round of editing. Nayak received publishing offers from Rupa & Co. and Amaryllis and he eventually signed the deal with Amaryllis in 2012. The book was first released at the New Delhi World Book Fair in February 2014. The Emperor's Riddles was met with a positive response. The book earned acclaim from other mystery writers, with Amish Tripathi calling it "a fantastic blend of myth, imagination and mystery", and Ashwin Sanghi describing it as "Intelligent, Intriguing, Imaginative, Intense". While The Times of India called it a "history meets mystery", Hindustan Times called it "a gripping tale of intrigue" and lauded the book for its "taut narration and interesting climax". HT Brunch magazine included the book in its Summer Reading List of 2014, calling it "a celebration of our great Indian civilisation and its scientific genius" and recommending it for those who like "riddles and cool mythological references". Yahoo praised the book as an "extraordinary tale of riddles". The Hindu described it as a "concoction of mystery, thriller, legend" and a "national bestseller" while The Pioneer lauded how "history is being explored by the new-age writers like never before". The New Indian Express declared the thriller "a hit with young readers" and said it "opened a completely different avenue for budding writers to experiment with". While English Vinglish director Gauri Shinde called the book "an acclaimed thriller" via Twitter, the SpectralHues book review said the thriller's "shock twist towards the end makes you feel so ignorant" and that "a Christopher Nolan of the West or our very own Anurag Kashyap can pretty well give it a thought to bring The Emperor’s Riddles to life on screen". Since its release, The Emperor's Riddles has been likened to the mystery novels of Dan Brown. In an interview with The Times of India, Nayak stated that "the fact that the book's earning comparisons with Dan Brown is overwhelming" and "If Brown has codes, my book has riddles."

Paragraph 17: The Bhagavata Purana narrates that eventually, Sudama's starving wife implored her husband to visit Krishna and tell him of his impoverishment, stating that as the refuge of his devotees and a patron of Brahmins, he would no doubt shower his old friend with great wealth. Despite his reluctance to seek help from Krishna, Sudama agreed, if only to see the deity, which would accrue punya. He asked his wife if there was anything he could bring his friend as a gift, and she was able to procure four handfuls of parched and beaten rice for him to take to Dvaraka. He entered the palace of Krishna, and found the deity seated on a couch with his favourite queen, Rukmini. Overjoyed at the sight of his old friend, Krishna made him sit on his own couch, and washed his feet, according to custom. He offered his friend a number of refreshments and smeared his body with pastes and perfumes. Rukmini herself attended on him, holding a whisk, to the astonishment of the women of the palace. Krishna and Sudama conversed about their boyhood days at the ashrama of Sandipani. Krishna recounted an incident when the duo were once tasked with bringing fuel from the forest during a great storm, wandering aimlessly as they held each other's hands, until their preceptor found them. The deity jovially asked his friend if he had brought any presents for him. Ashamed of what he had brought, Sudama did not respond. Being omniscient, Krishna declared that the grains of parched rice that had been brought to him were his favourite food, and swallowed one grain of it. Rukmini prevented him from having anymore, for the abundance of her consort's act overwhelmed the world. After spending the night in the palace, the Brahmin begun his journey back home, feeling small because he had been ashamed to ask for anything, but also content because he had obtained a darshana of the deity. He decided that Krishna had been merciful to deny him of wealth. Sudama returned to find that his humble hut had been transformed into several seven-storied palaces, filled with beautiful gardens and parks. He was welcomed by splendid musicians and singers. Delighted, his wife rushed to embrace him, looking like the goddess Lakshmi herself as she cried tears of joy. The flabbergasted Brahmin entered his house, finding that it resembled Svarga itself with its facilities and opulence. Sudama exulted in the generosity of the deity, for having smiled upon him during his time of misfortune. His wife and he enjoyed the worldly pleasures they had been blessed with without attachment, and grew even more devoted to Krishna.   The generosity of Krishna and his friendship with Sudama is associated with the celebration of the festival of Akshaya Tritiya.

Paragraph 18:  Deriyeh, the head of the Rer Segulleh, was universally proclaimed Sultan by the rest of the Habr Yunis tribe, and was really the first of the Habr Yunis Sultans, although his father, Segulleh, had tried to pose as such. Sultan Deriyeh lived to a great age, and had no less than eighteen sons, of whom the first two were borne to him by a woman of the Makahil section of the Habr Awal tribe, and the elder of these, Aman by name, joining with his brother, formed the Ba Maka-hil, while his remaining sixteen stepbrothers formed the Baha Deriyeh. Aman had ten sons, the eldest of whom was Ahmed, who died before his father, who himself died before his old father, the aged Sultan Deriyeh. Now, as soon as Sultan Deriyeh died there was trouble as to his successor. The Ba Makahil claimed that Ismail and Hirsi, of their section, were entitled to the honour ; but the Rer Segulleh and some of the Baha Deriyeh, said, "No, as several of the late Sultan's sons are still living, one of them should be their Sultan before any of the grandsons"; so they invited Awid Deriyeh to be their representative. In the meantime, Ismail was killed fighting with the Ogaden and Hirsi by the Baha Segulleh. The Ba Makahil now had to look for another successor, so they sent for Nur, the son of Ahmed Aman, and nephew to Ismail and Hirsi, who was living the life of a Mullah at Hahi, near Odweina. Nur, much against his will, consented to be their Sultan, although he preferred the life he was leading as a Mullah. For some years now there were two Sultans of the Habr Yunis, namely, Sultan Nur of the Habr Yunis, Ba Makahil, and Sultan Awd Deriyeh of the Baha Segulleh; so it will be seen the powerful section of the Baha Segulleh had gone to the Baha Deriyeh for their representative". Awad Deriyeh was killed in a fight with the Ogaden Rer Ali, so the Baha Segulleh had to find another Sultan. Accordingly, they chose his brother Hirsi's son, Mattar; but this choice the Baha Deriyeh were not at all pleased with, so all the Habr Yunis tribe decided to meet and discuss the matter out and decide on one Sultan. After a great deal of discussion the two clans, Ba Makahil and Baha Deriyeh, who had claimants for the sultanate, decided to let them toss for it, the winner to be proclaimed Sultan, while the loser got one hundred camels as compensation from the winner. Sultan Nur won, and was proclaimed Sultan of the Habr Yunis tribe.

Paragraph 19: Cleanth Brooks used the Ode: Intimation of Immortality as one of his key works to analyse in his 1947 work The Well Wrought Urn. His analysis broke down the ode as a poem disconnected from its biographical implications and focused on the paradoxes and ironies contained within the language. In introducing his analysis, he claimed that it "may be surmised from what has already been remarked, the 'Ode' for all its fine passages, is not entirely successful as a poem. Yet, we shall be able to make our best defense of it in proportion as we recognize and value its use of ambiguous symbol and paradoxical statement. Indeed, it might be maintained that, failing to do this, we shall miss much of its power as poetry and even some of its accuracy of statement." After breaking down the use of paradox and irony in language, he analyses the statements about the childhood perception of glory in Stanza VI and argued, "This stanza, though not one of the celebrated stanzas of the poem, is one of the most finely ironical. Its structural significance too is of first importance, and has perhaps in the past been given too little weight." After analysing more of the poem, Brooks points out that the lines in Stanza IX contains lines that "are great poetry. They are great poetry because ... the children are not terrified... The children exemplify the attitude toward eternity which the other philosopher, the mature philosopher, wins to with difficulty, if he wins to it at all." In his conclusion about the poem, he argues, "The greatness of the 'Ode' lies in the fact that Wordsworth is about the poet's business here, and is not trying to inculcate anything. Instead, he is trying to dramatize the changing interrelations which determine the major imagery." Following Brooks in 1949, C. M. Bowra stated, "There is no need to dispute the honour in which by common consent it [the ode] is held" but he adds "There are passages in the 'Immortal Ode' which have less than his usual command of rhythm and ability to make a line stand by itself... But these are unimportant. The whole has a capacious sweep, and the form suits the majestic subject... There are moments when we suspect Wordsworth of trying to say more than he means. Similarly, George Mallarby also revealed some flaws in the poem in his 1950 analysis: "In spite of the doubtful philosophical truth of the doctrine of pre-existence borrowed from Platon, in spite of the curiously placed emphasis and an exuberance of feeling somewhat artificially introduced, in spite of the frustrating and unsatisfying conclusion, this poem will remain, so long as the English language remains, one of its chief and unquestionable glories. It lends itself, more than most English odes, to recitation in the grand manner."

Paragraph 20: In June 2016 Samuel Risley underwent a major refit by Newdock – St. John's Dockyard Ltd. Work. The cost of the contract was $3.6 million CAN. The refit involved the replacement of the bow thruster, a crane overhaul and recoating of the hull, along with a renovation of the galley and inspections. On 28 December 2017, Samuel Risley, in concert with the United States Coast Guard vessel , freed the lakers  and  that had become stuck in the ice on the St. Marys River below Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario the day before. Samuel Risley made its maiden voyage to the Arctic Ocean during the 2018 sailing season, leaving Quebec on 11 July 2018. The vessel took part in the annual resupply of the United States air station at Thule, Greenland. 

Paragraph 21: After the war he worked variously as a pianist, conductor and broadcaster, and as principal of his own school of music. He began his career as a teacher at the Central School of Dance Music at 15 West Street in London. This was originally established in 1950 by jazz guitarist Ivor Mairants, primarily for jazz, big band and popular music players. Mairants handed the school over to Gilder in 1960 and it became the Eric Gilder School of Music. By then its address was 195 Wardour Street in Soho (original building has been demolished). Among the teaching staff at the school were Johnny Dankworth, Jack Brymer, Kenny Baker, Bert Weedon and Ike Isaacs, as well as Gilder himself.

Paragraph 22: Germain Lesage (Raymond Bouchard), a welfare recipient himself and the new mayor, hatches a plan. The entire village will convince Dr. Lewis to stay. They tap his phone, and pretend to share his likes: cricket, fusion jazz, and all the same foods. Henri Giroux (Benoît Brière), the local banker whose sole job is to cash the townfolks' welfare cheques, leaves small amounts of money for Dr. Lewis to find as small measures to increase Dr. Lewis' happiness about being in town, and attempts to secure a loan through his bank for the bribe. Dr. Lewis likes the beautiful post office worker Ève Beauchemin (Lucie Laurier), but Ève knows he has a girlfriend, Brigitte, in Montreal.

Paragraph 23: Peter Reid brought Sunderland to the Premier League for the first time in their history in the 1996–97 season, but they were relegated in their debut season. The team progressed as far as the Division One play-off final in 1998, drawing 4–4 after extra time before losing 7–6 on penalties, and went one step further the following season, winning promotion as champions with a record total, at that time, of 105 points. Still led by Reid, they went on to achieve their highest place finish in the Premier League, finishing seventh in two consecutive seasons, and narrowly missed out on a UEFA Cup place. In 2002–03, Sunderland had three different managers, with Reid, Howard Wilkinson and, towards the end of the season, Mick McCarthy; the club ended that season with a then record low total of 19 points. Under McCarthy, a third-place finish in the Championship earned Sunderland a place in the 2003–04 play-offs, only to lose to Crystal Palace in the semi-finals; in 2004–05, they were promoted as champions, clinching the title with a 2–1 win over West Ham. In March 2006, McCarthy was sacked in a season where Sunderland gained just 15 points, breaking their previous record, with former player Kevin Ball taking over as caretaker manager for the remaining games. Following a takeover of the club, incoming chairman Niall Quinn acted as manager until Roy Keane's appointment three weeks into the 2006–07 season. Keane went on to win the Championship title in his first season of management. After keeping the side in the Premier League, he resigned in December 2008 and Ricky Sbragia eventually assumed the role after a spell as caretaker. Sbragia resigned immediately after the final match of the 2008–09 season, when Sunderland had achieved survival in the Premier League. Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009. Having spent two-and-a-half years as manager, Bruce was sacked on 30 November 2011. Martin O'Neill, a boyhood fan of the club, was appointed as manager on 3 December 2011. Sunderland's form soon took off, picking up 27 points in O'Neill's first 18 league games in charge, as well as reaching an FA Cup quarter-final. However, the team underperformed during the 2012–13 season, and on 30 March 2013, O'Neill was sacked. The following day on 31 March 2013, Paolo Di Canio was appointed on a -year contract. Di Canio was sacked less than six months later with Sunderland bottom of the Premier League.

Paragraph 24: The core built up area is about a mile in diameter. The B680 road from Wilford is the main thoroughfare in the village, and turns off to meet with the A60 on the outskirts. The key shops and facilities are located along the High Street, Church Street and Dutton's Hill roads. The Green is a small village green park area to the south of these. Other parks include the Elms Park football and cricket ground, St Mary's, Vicarage Lane Playing Field, and Sellors’ Playing Field which hosts the annual village fair. There is a war memorial and garden within the St. Peter's Church grounds, and various museums (see Museums section below) hosting insights into the history and heritage of the village. Residential areas include the Elms Park estate, Manor Park, the newer Wheatley Fields estate, and Brook Hill which is a thin line of ribbon development almost contiguous with Clifton. The village conservation area of 20.5 hectares was first designated in 1970, and stretches from Manor Park, and through the historic centre to more recent buildings on the A60 Loughborough Road. There are also several Grade II listed buildings of note - St Peter's Church, period knitters workshops and cottages, as well as a phone kiosk feature amongst them.

Paragraph 25: In Kalhana's 12th century epic, Rajatarangini, Sharada Peeth is identified as a site of popular veneration:35. There, the goddess Saraswati herself is seen in the form of a swan in a lake [situated] on the summit of the Bheda hill, which is sanctified by the Ganga source.37. There, when visiting the goddess Sharada, one reaches at once the river Madhumati, and [the river of] Saraswati worshipped by poets.Kalhana points out other events of political significance involving Sharada Peeth. During Lalitaditya's reign (713 – 755), a group of assassins from the Gauda Kingdom entered Kashmir under the guise of a pilgrimage to Sharada Peeth. Kalhana also describes a rebellion during his own lifetime. Three princes, Lothana, Vigraharaja and Bhoja, rebelled against King Jayasimha of Kashmir. These princes, pursued by the Royal Army, sought refuge in the upper Kishenganga Valley, in the Sirahsila Castle. Kalhana believed that the Royal Army took refuge in Sharada Peeth, because it had the open space required for a temporary military village, and because the area surrounding the Sirahsila Castle was not large enough to host a camp for a siege without the siege force being vulnerable to archers.In the 14th century text Madhaviya Shankara Vijayam, there is a test, unique to Sharada Peeth, known as the Sarvajna Peetham, or Throne of Omniscience. These were four thrones, each representing an entrances of the temple corresponding to one of the points of the compass, which only a learned man from that direction could symbolically open. Adi Shankara, being from South India, took it upon himself to pass this challenge, because although the other doors had been opened, no one from the south of Kashmir had yet been successful. He was said to be welcomed by the common people, but challenged by the scholars of the region. As he approached the southern door, he was stopped by various learned men from the Nyaya school of philosophy, Buddhists, Digambara Jains, and the followers of Jaimini. Engaging with them, he managed to persuade all of them of his proficiency in philosophy, and they stood aside to let him open the entrance. Finally, as he was about to ascend the throne, he heard the voice of the goddess Sharada challenging him. The voice said that omniscience was not enough if one was impure, and that Shankara, who lived in the palace of King Amaruka, could not be pure. Shankara replied that his body had never committed a sin, and the sins committed by another could not blemish him. The goddess Sharada accepted his explanation and permitted him to ascend.

Paragraph 26: When bored out to a maximum of  and combined with a 3T crankshaft, the 2T and 2T-G will have a displacement of almost 2.0 L. The 2T and 3T series use the same connecting rod dimensions, with the different pin heights on the pistons. Aftermarket pistons are available from very low (<7.0:1) through to very high (>13.0:1) compression ratios. Racing 2T-G engines ("NOVA") featured  bore and stroke for a  displacement. Output is around  at 6,000 rpm with a 12.0:1 compression ratio. This engine was used in Formula 3 cars in both Europe and Japan (where it dominated), as well as in Formula Pacific (FP).

Paragraph 27: In his two leadership positions he made a close study of local economic conditions, personally, supervising the cultivation of his lands, and entering into relations with the principal merchants of Rouen. He was thus led to consider the misery of the people under the burden of taxation. In 1695 he published his principal work, Le détail de la France; la cause de la diminution de ses biens et la facilité du remède. In it he drew a picture of the general ruin of all classes of Frenchmen, caused by the bad economic regime. In opposition to Colbert's mercantilist views he held that the wealth of a country consists, not in the abundance of money which it possesses but in what it produces and exchanges. The remedy for the evils of the time was not so much the reduction as the equalization of the imposts, which would allow the poor to consume more, raise the production and add to the general wealth. He demanded the reform of the taille, the suppression of internal customs duties and greater freedom of trade. In his Factum de la France, published in 1705 or 1706, he gave a more concise résumé of his ideas. But his proposal to substitute for all aides and customs duties a single capitation tax of a tenth of the revenue of all property was naturally opposed by the tax farmers and found little support.

Paragraph 28: Paul Darragh (28 April 1953 – 3 January 2005) was an Irish equestrian who competed in the sport of show jumping. He was on the winning team in the Aga Khan three years in a row from 1977 to 1979 with the mare Heather Honey. He was also on the winning team in 1997. In an international career that spanned a quarter of a century, he joined with Eddie Macken, Con Power and James Kernan in an Irish team that captured the public imagination as they won the Aga Khan Trophy three years in a row from 1977 to 1979. A full 20 years after the first of those successes, Darragh was on the team that won the trophy again in 1997, his last major win on an Irish team. Other highlights included wins in the Hickstead Derby on Pele and the Dublin Grand Prix on Carrolls Trigger. In total, he represented Ireland 54 times in Nations Cups.

Paragraph 29: The Weinstein Company also heavily recast the film with bigger-name actors in the hopes of attracting a larger audience. Anne Hathaway replaced Tara Strong in the lead role of Red; Jim Belushi replaced David Ogden Stiers in the role of Kirk, the Woodsman; Anthony Anderson replaced Tony Leech in the role of Det. Bill Stork; Glenn Close replaced Sally Struthers in the role of Granny Puckett; Xzibit replaced Joel McCrary in the role of Chief Grizzly and Chazz Palminteri replaced Tom Kenny in the role of Woolworth the Sheep. Opining that the final steps in character design were really fleshed out when the actors were hired, Hooten felt that Hathaway put some edge that was missing on Red, making her more sarcastic, sassy and quick. Anderson accepted the role of Bill Stork given his past experience as voice actor and his previous collaborations with the Weinsteins in Scary Movie 3 and My Baby's Daddy, wanting to do something that his children and godchildren could watch and enjoy. Palminteri was called to be offered the part of Woolworth the Sheep, which he accepted as found the script hilarious. Despite these recastings, Tara Strong retained the much smaller role of Zorra, David Ogden Stiers retained the role of Nicky Flippers, Tom Kenny retained the role of Tommy and Tony Leech retained the role of Glen. Many high-profile country singers were considered to replace Benjy Gaither in the role of Japeth, but none of them were available and Gaither retained the role. The Weinsteins also wanted to replace Joshua J. Greene in the role of Jimmy Lizard with a more famous actor such as Albert Brooks, but the role was ultimately not recast. Edwards appreciated the reason for the recastings and attributed a large part of the film's financial success to them. He expressed disappointment about the amount of recasting, however, saying, "At a certain point it became Recast-o-Rama, everybody got recast-happy. My feeling is, you get two or three names on that poster, you're fine. Our Hoodwinked poster has like a paragraph of names on it. After a certain point, I don't think you need more than two, three celebrities—give it to the voice actors. It sweetens the pot". Since the film's animation had already been mostly completed by the time the recastings were made, the new actors had to deliver their lines exactly as the old actors had done, giving them no opportunity to improvise. Edwards expressed disappointment with the fact that the original actors would not get any credit for their improvisations in the film, which were copied by the replacement actors.

Paragraph 30: The gang was founded in the summer of 1988 in Winnipeg as a street gang by the Wolfe brothers, Danny and Richard. Richard Daniel Wolfe was born in 1975 and Daniel Richard Wolfe was born in 1976. The Wolfe brothers were Cree, but spoke English as their first language though Danny Wolfe as an adult expressed the wish to learn the Cree language. The father of the Wolfe brothers, Richard Wolfe Sr, was an alcoholic while their mother, Susan Creeley, was a drug addict and an alcoholic who by her own admission failed dismally at being a mother. As a father, Richard Wolfe Sr, was only irregularly involved in raising his sons, and was last seen by them in 1988. Creely's father was the chief of the Okanese First Nation reservation in Saskatchewan and he was a highly respected World War II veteran. But his life fell apart due to his alcoholism, and he regularly beat his wife and children. Creeley attended a residential school from the age of 6 onward and was raped by her teacher, causing her to engage in heavy drinking from the age of 12 onward. In an interview, Creeley defined her mothering as: "I just went to the party and got drunk. I didn't give a shit. I did that because I didn't have any love in my heart and I didn't have parenting skills. I lost that in the residential schools". In sentencing Richard Wolfe in 2016, the judge stated: "He was raised in an environment where substance abuse and domestic violence was prevalent. Richard was repeatedly exposed to violence which occurred during his parents' house parties. He was sexually abused at the age of seven, once by a stranger and twice by a neighbour. The episodes of sexual abuse left Richard confused, ashamed and full of hate".