Paragraph 1: Big outsider Tremallt led the field over Melling Road and towards the first fence, where The Bunny Boiler unseated its rider and was the only casualty. The next fence saw Bramblehill Duke fall when chasing the leaders. At the third fence which was the first open ditch, Wonder Weasel was the only faller in mid division . Tremallt continued to lead the race over the fences before Becher's Brook. At Becher's Brook, Fadalko overjumped the fence and unseated its rider. Meanwhile, last year's winner Bindaree blundered and was on his nose after jumping the fence. The field all managed to jump the Foinavon fence well and ran on towards the Canal Turn. At this fence, Polar Champ blundered and unseated its rider when behind. Montifault joined Tremallt at the front of the race while jumping Valentine's Brook. 10/1 shot Chives blundered at the eleventh fence which was another open ditch and was pulled up before the next after breaking a blood vessel. At the next fence, another fancied horse Youllneverwalkalone jumped it slow and was immediately pulled up lame. Leading up to The Chair, Gunner Welburn had become the race leader. However the horse hesitated before jumping the fence and nearly unseated its rider. Katarino unseated its rider Mick Fitzgerald after making a mistake at The Chair and Ballinclay King was pulled up at the rear of the field. The next fence which was the Water Jump saw Iris Bleu pulled up. Thirty horses were still left standing when they continued the race onto the second circuit. All horses jumped the next two fences safely, at the 19th fence (open ditch) Monty's Pass and Torduff Express joined Gunner Welburn in the lead. Maximize fell, Ad Hoc and Goguenard both blundered and unseated their riders. You're Agoodun and Robbo were both hampered and unseated their riders also. Good Shuil was pulled up after tailing off at the same fence. At Beecher's Brook second time round Killusty fell in mid division and Burlu when behind for most of the race, while at the rear of the field the favourite Shotgun Willy pulled up as was Empereur River.  Gingembre was pulled up well behind at the Canal Turn. At the next fence which was Valentine's Brook, Mantle's Prince made a mistake and unseated its rider and Red Ark was pulled up at the fence towards the rear of the field. At the 27th fence final open ditch of the race Torduff Express had weakened, blundered and unseated its rider as did Red Striker. Cregg House refused the fence after tailing off . A group of Gunner Welburn, Monty's Pass, Amberleigh House and Montifault pulled away from Supreme Glory and the rest of the field as they crossed Melling Road to jump the final two fences. Monty's Pass jumped the last two fences ahead of Amberleigh House and a weakening Gunner Welburn. On the run-in Supreme Glory seemed to be staying on well after overtaking Amberleigh House just before the elbow. Although Monty's Pass stayed on well to go clear and win the race by 12 lengths ahead of Supreme Glory in 2nd and Amberleigh House in 3rd. Gunner Welburn and Montifault finished 4th and 5th after making a lot of the running in the race. Bindaree stayed on well to finish 6th after spending most of the race towards the rear. Next to finish was Carberry Cross, Blowing Wind, Tremallt, Behrajan, Djeddah, Majed, Royal Predica and last to complete was Southern Star. 14 horses completed the race.

Paragraph 2: The simplicity and convenience of calculating PEG leaves out several important variables. First, the absolute company growth rate used in the PEG does not account for the overall growth rate of the economy, and hence an investor must compare a stock's PEG to average PEG's across its industry and the entire economy to get any accurate sense of how competitive a stock is for investment. A low (attractive) PEG in times of high growth in the entire economy may not be particularly impressive when compared to other stocks, and vice versa for high PEG's in periods of slow growth or recession.

Paragraph 3: In 1942, Fairchild developed the Fairchild Model 78, which was designed specifically for military transport. He was awarded a military contract to build his large-capacity twin-boom plane, which featured a hinged rear door used to load bulky cargo to be designated the C-82 Packet. It was nicknamed the "Flying Boxcar" because the plane's cargo capacity of  was the same as that of a standard railway boxcar. It was used after World War II to fly assembled vehicles into Berlin. Fairchild was able to remain profitable after the war by manufacturing the C-119 Flying Boxcar, an upgraded version of the Packet which incorporated more powerful engines and greater capacity. From December 1949 until 1955 over 1,100 C-119s were constructed. This was the last Fairchild design to be mass-produced. The C-119 was eventually converted into the AC-119, a night attack gunship used in the Vietnam War. In the 1950s, Fairchild manufactured the C-123 Provider, a short-range assault transport which was used for a variety of purposes, including spraying defoliants in Vietnam. In 1956, Fairchild built the Fokker F-27 Friendship passenger airplane, the first American-built airliner in service. Fokker licensed the design to Fairchild so it could be made in the US; Fairchild also made a stretched version of this aircraft called the FH-227. The 40-seat plane was also the first to offer its passengers air conditioning and pressurization within the short-haul marketplace. It became widely used as a "feeder" plane for commercial carriers across the globe. After acquiring Hiller Helicopters and becoming Fairchild Hiller in 1964, it introduced the FH-1100 civilian helicopter. On December 18, 1970, the Air Force selected Fairchild to develop the YA-10A prototype, which was the last aircraft project undertaken before Fairchild's death in 1971. Production of the A-10 Thunderbolt II began in 1974. It was nicknamed the "Warthog" because it was built as a workhorse and many felt it was ugly. It was used in 1991 at the start of Operation Desert Storm during the first ground battle. The planes took more responsibilities during the war, as they were strongly built and able to withstand considerable battle damage. After sixty years, the entire aircraft program was shut down in 1987 after the failure of the T-46A program.

Paragraph 4:  2006: Eragon 2007: Nitro 2007: Continental, un film sans fusil 2007: The Golden Compass 2008: La ligne brisée 2008: It's Not Me, I Swear! (C'est pas moi, je le jure!) 2008: Death Race 2008: Journey to the Center of the Earth 2008: Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull 2008: The Day the Earth Stood Still 2009: Cadavres 2009: Mr. Nobody 2009: Journey to Mecca 2009: Amelia 2009: Terminator Salvation 2010: 10½ 2010: Incendies 2010: Repo Men 2010: Jonah Hex 2010: The Twilight Saga: Eclipse 2010: The Last Airbender 2010: Resident Evil: Afterlife 2010: Gulliver's Travels 2011: En terrains connus 2011: Le bonheur des autres 2011: Monsieur Lazhar 2011: Rango 2011: Source Code 2011: Immortals 2011: The Three Musketeers 2011: Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol 2012: Red Tails 2012: Underworld: Awakening 2012: Mirror Mirror 2012: Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter 2012: The Amazing Spider-Man 2012: The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2 2013: Jack the Giant Slayer 2013: The Host 2013: Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters 2013: Pain & Gain 2013: Now You See Me 2013: On/Off 2013: Pacific Rim 2013: The Smurfs 2 2013: Jerusalem 2013: Enemy 2013: The Hunger Games: Catching Fire 2014: Beauty and the Beast 2014: Lucy 2014: Edge of Tomorrow 2014: Birdman 2014: Unbroken 2014: 22 Jump Street 2015: Jupiter Ascending 2015: Cinderella 2015: Furious 7 2015: Tomorrowland 2015: By the Sea 2015: Fantastic Four 2015: The Intern 2015: The Walk 2015: The Last Witch Hunter 2015: In the Heart of the Sea 2016: Deadpool 2016: Gods of Egypt 2016: The Divergent Series: Allegiant 2016: Two Lovers and a Bear 2016: Warcraft 2016: Central Intelligence 2016: The Legend of Tarzan 2016: Star Trek Beyond 2016: Nine Lives 2016: Arrival 2016: Wait Till Helen Comes 2016: Queen of Katwe 2016: The Promise 2016: Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children 2016: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 2016: Bad Santa 2 2016: Silence 2016: Assassin's Creed 2016: Resident Evil: The Final Chapter 2017: The Space Between Us 2017: Kong: Skull Island 2017: The Shack 2017: The Fate of the Furious 2017: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales 2017: Valérian and the City of a Thousand Planets 2017: The Gracefield Incident 2017: Downsizing 2017: It 2017: Home Again 2017: Blade Runner 2049 2017: Thor: Ragnarok 2017: Justice League 2017: Paddington 2 2017: Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle 2017: Star Wars: The Last Jedi 2017: The Greatest Showman 2018: Black Panther 2018: Game Night 2018: A Wrinkle In Time 2018: Death Wish 2018: Paradox 2018: Sicario: Day of the Soldado 2018: Ant-Man and the Wasp 2018: Asura 2018: The Death and Life of John F. Donovan 2018: The House with a Clock in Its Walls 2018: Overlord 2018: The Nutcracker and the Four Realms 2018: Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald 2018: Mowgli 2018: Aquaman 2018: Bumblebee 2019: The Kid Who Would Be King 2019: Dumbo 2019: Shazam! 2019: Pokémon Detective Pikachu 2019: Men in Black: International 2019: Godzilla: King of the Monsters 2019: Dark Phoenix 2019: Crawl 2019: It – Chapter Two 2019: Super Intelligence 2019: Anna 2019: Dhaka 2020: Bloodshot 2020: Magic Camp 2021: Chaos Walking 2021: Jungle Cruise 2021: Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings 2022: Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore 2022: RRR 2022: Slumberland 2022: Black Adam 2022: The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special 2023: John Wick: Chapter 4Television

Paragraph 5: The advance party consists of the battery commander, his driver, first sergeant, gunnery sergeant, FDC guide, gun guides, and communications representatives. Initially the Party looks to find suitable positions for an artillery unit to perform fire missions from. Then they perform what is known as route reconnaissance. The primary purpose of this reconnaissance is to determine the suitability of the route of the unit's movement. Items to be analyzed include possible alternate routes, cover, concealment, location of obstacles, likely ambush sites, contaminated areas, route marking requirements, and the time and distance required to traverse the route. Several factors are taken into consideration. Once a location is determined and having arrived at the new position the advance party conducts a security sweep and prepares the position for occupation. The purpose of the advance party security with METT-T and the absence of enemy troops, mines, booby traps, NBC hazards, and so on. If these threats or conditions are present in the proposed position area, the advance party breaks contact with any enemy forces or marks minefield and hazards and moves on to find another position area. The battery commander can coordinate for additional assets, or augment the advance party with internal assets, to provide the additional ability to clear areas of small enemy forces, obstacles, and minefields.  Natural cover must be used to the maximum. Security is continuous throughout advance party operations. Once a location is determined to be safe the advance party prepares the position for eventual howitzer emplacement. This consists of several procedures such as escorting each howitzer to its prepared position, setting up communications, providing the unit with its initial azimuth of fire, and providing each gun with an initial deflection. In the case of the U.S. Army, this entire process is covered in U.S. Army Field Manual 6-50 Chapter 2.

Paragraph 6: Once the crown lease the HBC held expired in 1859, it had become possible for claims to be staked by others.  In October 1869 Dunsmuir was fishing for trout at Diver Lake, a few miles north and west of Nanaimo, when he found a coal outcrop.  He staked a claim to  in a band  wide and  long including the north half of Diver Lake and running right to Departure Bay in the area known as Wellington.  In order to stake a claim of this size, he was required to form a company, to be known as Dunsmuir, Diggle & Company.  His sons James and Alexander and some others were partners but signed off once the legal requirement of partners in the venture had been met. Wadham Diggle, commander of the naval vessel Boxer, one of the first to use Dunsmuir's coal, invested $8,000 in the venture.  Rear Admiral Arthur Farquhar, Commander in Chief of the Pacific Fleet invested a further $12,000.  The two investors left the operation of the company to Dunsmuir.  By 1873 the Wellington colliery was producing 16,000 of the 40,000 tons produced on Vancouver Island.  By the end of 1875, Dunsmuir was producing 50,000 tons per year.  Its two principal markets were San Francisco and the Royal Navy.  The company bought out Farquhar in 1879 and in 1883 Diggle was paid $600,000 for his half share of the business, then producing a profit of $500,000 per year.

Paragraph 7: The regiment was formed during the 1688 Glorious Revolution from independent companies raised in Somerset by Colonel Francis Luttrell, to support William III. In 1690, it supplied detachments for Ireland and Jamaica, incurring heavy losses from disease, including Luttrell who was replaced by Thomas Erle. Transferred to Flanders in early 1692 during the Nine Years' War, it was present at the battles of Steenkerque and Landen, as well as the Siege of Namur. after the 1697 Peace of Ryswick, it escaped disbandment by being made part of the Irish garrison, where it remained until the War of the Spanish Succession began in 1702.

Paragraph 8: The Plenum of the Supreme Court is operating in the following structure the; Chairman of the Supreme Court, his deputy, chairpersons of board and judges. The members that included in the Plenum of the Supreme Court have equal rights within their authority. The Plenum of the Supreme Court hears the information of the chairmen of the courts on the issues related to on judicial practice of application of legislation in courts of the Republic of Azerbaijan and reports of Chairman of the Supreme Court, its chairperson and chairmen, chairmen of appellate courts, chairman of the Supreme Court of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic and other general and specialized court chairmen about the status of the administration of justice  issues, reviews materials about generalization of the practice of court and analysis of judicial statistics. Additionally, based on the proposal of the Chairman of the Supreme Court, it decides members of the Judicial Collegium. The Court approves the Statute and the Structure of the Scientific Advisory Board on the basis of recommendation of the Chairman of Supreme Court. It also has right to request Considers the request The Constitutional Court of Azerbaijan Republic in accordance   with The Constitutional Court of Azerbaijan Republic. By taking into account the request of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan on dismissal of the judges of the Republic of Azerbaijan in accordance with Article 128 of the Constitution of the Republic of Azerbaijan, the Court submits the relevant opinion to the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan within 30 days of the request; Clarify the courts on matters relating to court practice in accordance with Article 131 of the Constitution of the Republic of Azerbaijan; in cases and in accordance with the procedure prescribed by law, it deals with examine cases involving additional cassation or new cases of discrimination and violation of rights and freedoms the on the basis of the presentation of the Chairman of Supreme Court, the protest by the Prosecutor General of the Republic of Azerbaijan or the complaints of defending side. Moreover, in accordance with Article 96 of the Constitution of the Republic of Azerbaijan, reviews and make decisions on issues related to applying to the Milli Majlis of the Republic of Azerbaijan by legislative initiatives. The court is also have accountability to accept the oath of the judges of the Republic of Azerbaijan. In the cases that determined by the law, it considers complaints about the decisions of the Judicial-Legal Council.

Paragraph 9: A handsome, white-haired man, dressed like a clergyman, stood on a crowded platform and delivered an opening invocation for a national political convention. The delegates and gallery guests were extras hired for Frank Capra's "Meet John Doe" ... part of the script written by Robert Rlskin. But there seemed to be something especially real about it. When a sequence of shots had been made, a bystander went over to the benign-looking speaker and said, "Were you ever a preacher or a priest? With that face, and the way you talked, you certainly" An actress interrupted: "I don't know who you are, but I wanted to say that that was a marvelous job. You had me praying, too." "Thanks," said the elderly man. "Character parts like that seem to be rather easy for me, I was a Tibetan monk in "Lost Horizon." My name's John Tettemer." The actor usually doesn't go into much detail about himself because there's so much to tell. For example, he recently completed an autobiography.... His publishers wired they'd hold the manuscript until he could write a second volume bringing his life up to date. It happens that John Tettemer has been a monk, a priest, a teacher of priests, a specialist in canon law and theology for two colleges of cardinals, and assistant general (or vice chancellor) of the Papal College in Rome. It was in 1918 that he asked to be released from his vows. Plunged suddenly into the practical world, Tettemer taught Latin, French and mathematics. He found a few pupils in chess; then he learned bridge and taught that. In muddled Europe after the war, he tried the import-export business, did well, bought a couple of inventions which he brought to America and couldn't sell. He spent a year reading proof for an encyclopedia, tried mining and oil reclamation, and launched an advertising agency in Denver. The latter did all right until his partner absconded with all the assets. Tettemer came to California, ran a filling station, managed apartment houses, began tutoring college students, bought a small corner of the old Raymond Hitchcock estate near Hollywood and now lives there with his wife. Acting was about the only thing he hadn't tried, and he wasn't considering it when he had lunch with friend, John Burton, who was playing in "Lost Horizon," in 1937. Frank Capra spotted him and suggested a test for the Grand Lama role. But Tettemer appeared much too robust to be that saintly ancient; he became the monk who had been a pupil of Chopin. Much of his part had to be cut out, but Capra sought him again for "Meet John Doe," and there's little doubt that Hollywood's greatest scholar will have plenty of character roles after this if he wants 'em. Ever since leaving Rome, Tettemer has continued to explore all philosophies. It doesn't seem to have been the panicky groping of a disillusioned, bewildered man. He says he has the utmost sympathy with all religions “because each is effort to give form to faith." Occasionally Tettemer visits his old friends in the Passionist monastery at Sierra Madre, where he spent 25 years....

Paragraph 10: On November 29, 1947, the Palmach stole explosives and 75 rifles from the camp. Towards of the end of the British Mandate for Palestine, Arabs under the command of Hasan Salama began smuggling in arms and personnel disguised as laborers into the camp. The Haganah command saw this as a threat and on April 15, 1948, two companies for the 32nd and 33rd Battalions of the Alexandroni Brigade entered and captured the base. Arab forces counterattacked from al-Khayriyya, Kafr 'Ana, al-'Abbasiyya and Saqiya, but the Jewish forces reinforced and pushed them back to a small salient in the south of the camp, which was captured later in Operation Hametz. The Alexandroni Brigade lost three soldiers, while the Arab losses were estimated at about 50.

Paragraph 11: The Dexter School was founded in 1926 in response to the closure of the Noble & Greenough Lower School and lack of educational opportunities for boys in the Brookline area. The Dexter School opened on Freeman Street in the affluent Cottage Farm neighborhood educating boys through ninth grade. The school developed a strong bond with many of Boston's leading families with ties to the leading preparatory and Ivy League schools. In 1966, Dexter sold its campus on Freeman Street and moved to its present location on Mount Walley on Newton Street on the South Brookline/Jamaica Plain line. The school bought the property from the Catholic Foreign Mission Society of America who had resided on the site since 1945.  The property was the former estate of Anna Sears, who had built a Mediterranean Revival Style villa on the site in 1928. As Dexter expanded, the school continued the style of the white stucco façade and red terra-cotta roof of the Sears House. Today, the original house remains the central structure on campus and houses the Senior Lounge, Business Office and Admissions Office. In preparation for the school's move in 1966, the A building, Fiske Hall, and pool and gymnasium were built to the west of the Sears House. The Thorndike Hockey rink was added to the campus in 1973. From its long tradition as a boy's lower school, Dexter has undergone a vast transformation over the last 25 years. In the 1990s, further additions were made to the campus including the construction of the Mid-Rise and original lower school building. In 1992, the Southfield School was established on the same campus to expand Dexter's educational philosophy to young girls. In 2002, the Upper School was established to enable both the Dexter and Southfield schools to continue the school's mission into the competitive secondary school market. The Clay Center was also constructed to the east of the Sears House greatly altering the school campus. The new center included a new lecture hall, dining hall and fifth floor observatory. In 2011 Mr. and Mrs. William Phinney, who had led the school since 1964, and oversaw its move and expansion, retired after 47 years at the school. In 2013, the school was rededicated as the Dexter Southfield School, after receiving formal accreditation from the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC) Today, Dexter Southfield students offers single-sex classrooms in Pre-K through 8 and co-education in grades 9 through 12.

Paragraph 12: The Finals will consist of twelve teams, six from Europe and six from North America. These teams will be separated into two groups. The group stage will consist of every team in each group playing against each other. Unlike last season, the group stage format will differ in that teams will get to choose their opponents. The first seeds of Europe and North American will choose one team they want to avoid. For instance, if Fnatic – the first seed of Europe – wants to avoid SK Gaming in the group stage, SK Gaming will be placed in the opposite group. Then OpTic Gaming, the first seed for North America, will choose one opponent it wants to avoid, which would be, for instance, FaZe Clan and FaZe would be placed in the opposite group. After those two teams choose, SK would be next in line to choose an opponent to avoid then FaZe would do the same and the process would go on until all teams are chosen. The top three teams in each group will play move on to the Playoffs. If three teams are tied for one or two playoffs spot, then the teams will play on Train in an overtime-style best of one tiebreaker. Two teams will be randomly chosen to play in the first match. The winner of that match will play the third team. The winner of the second match will receive a spot in the playoffs. The remaining teams will play in a final third match and the winner of that match will move on to the playoffs. Another change in the group stage is if a game heads to overtime, the winner of the game would get two points and the loser would get one point; if a game ends in regulation, the winner gets three points and the loser gets zero points. In the playoffs, the Round of Six and the semifinals will be a best of three and the finals will be a best of five. The winner of the finals will win the tournament and the top prize. All games in the Finals will be played offline. The top team in each group will receive a bye and automatically move onto the Semifinals. The other four teams will play in the Round of Six. The winners of those two games will move on to the Semifinals, and the winner of the Semifinals will move onto the Finals. The winner of the grand finals is crowned as champion of ESL Pro League Season 6.

Paragraph 13: Xuxa I always wanted to make a film that combines fairy tale and folklore in a fun way. When Diler Trindade [producer] brought the screenplay of Flávio de Souza, [writer Rá-Tim-Bum Castle], Xuxa approved the idea - It was the reason for TV hots to stop in the sequel to films about elves, which was considered to have a third sequence, and start working on Abracadabra. With Moacyr Góes as director, Góes, was challenged to escape the "caricature" tone that he sees in Brazilian children's productions. Góes says that when he accepted Trindade's invitation to direct the film, he started to study cinema watching productions from all walks of life. "In 2002, I saw about 800 films, from Eisenstein to 'Clueless'." The filmmaker said he had no problem in suffering prejudices because he integrated a film production format of declared commercial ambition. To live the roles of the real "world", that of Sofia, and those of fantastic character, was cast a cast of 39 actors, many known from TV. The recordings began in September 2003 and lasted four weeks. To live the main characters of the film, were called Heloísa Périssé (Patricia), Brunno Abrahão (Lucas), Maria Mariana Azevedo (Júlia), Debby Lagranha (Little Red Riding Hood), Kayky Brito (Puss in Boots) and Leandro Hassum (Bluebeard / The Frog Prince) among others. The character Mateus, interpreted by Marcio Garcia, was the romantic pair of Xuxa, in this production, Xuxa revealed that kissing with the actor in the film was not technical, "There is a technical kiss yes, and I have already tasted the two." The non-technical, for those who are not actress like me is much better. are very similar, the scene becomes more real if you give a real kiss." Luciano Szafir was initially cast to live the character Mateus, however the production felt that people could confuse the story with the last film: Xuxa e os Duendes 2 in which he made pair romantic with Xuxa. Claudia Raia plays Evil Queen, according to the actress "Xuxa called me saying she had a villain role for me. I said my dream was to be Snow White's stepmother". The Rouge group, which makes a special participation. The members of the Rouge group appear in the movie making a show at a nightclub at a particular point in the plot. The singers spent a day in Rio de Janeiro, where the recordings were made.

Paragraph 14: Boby Zavala began his wrestling career in 2008 after being trained by Corsario Rojo, Viento Negro and Emperador Azteca. He adopted a ring character called Licantropo, Spanish for Lycanthrope or werewolf, with a wrestling mask and outfit patterned on werewolf imagery. In 2010 he abandoned the ring character, unmasked and began wrestling under the name Boby Zavala. As Zavala he began working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and trained under Arkángel de la Muerte and Franco Colombo. Zavala was introduced to the general CMLL audience as part of Generación 2011 group. the group was not a unit as such, more a "graduating class", who made their debut around the same time. The group also included Magnus, Enrique Vera, Jr., Hombre Bala Jr., Dragon Lee, Hijo del Signo, and Super Halcón Jr. He was one of 16 students of Arkangel de la Muerte selected to participate in a Battle Royal, the Torneo Arkangel, to honor the 25th anniversary of Arkangel de La Muerte. The match as won by Starman. Zavala was involved in a general Generacion 2011 vs. veteran rudos storyline, which ultimately resulted in a Luchas de Apuestas, or bet match where Hombre Bala Jr. and Super Halcón Jr. unmasked Los Rayos Tapatío. In late 2011 Zavala began an individual storyline feud against Evola that took place primarily in CMLL's training league in Guadalajara, Jalisco. The feud culminated in a Luchas de Apuestas, or bet match, where both wrestlers put their hair on the line. The match took place on November 25, 2011, and saw Zavala pin his experienced opponent, forcing Evola to be shaved bald after the match. Following his Apuesta victory he became a regular competitor in Arena Mexico, Mexico's main venue and made his Super Viernes debut on February 3, 2012, teaming with Disturbio as the team lost to Metálico and Molotov. On March 6, 2012, Zavala competed in the first Torneo Sangre Nueva ("New Blood Tournament"), a tournament designed to highlight younger, low ranking wrestlers. Zavala took part in the first of two torneo cibernetico, multi-man elimination matches but was pinned by Cancerbero and eliminated from the tournament. Only weeks later Zavana was teamed up with veteran wrestler Rey Bucanero to compete in the 2012 Torneo Gran Alternativa ("Great Alternative tournament"). The Gran Alternativa tournament pairs a rookie with an experienced wrestler for a tag team tournament. Zavala and Dragon Lee were the last two survivors in the "Seeding" battle royal, while Dragon Lee and Rush defeated Zavala and Ray Bucanero in the first round of the tournament.

Paragraph 15: The war almost completely halted immigration, but Pier 21 quickly became a major embarkation port for troop ships. Canadians and other Allied forces boarded hundreds of converted ocean liners ranging from the giants  and  to smaller liners such as .  As the war continued, a special medical embarkation unit was established at Pier 21 to move wounded soldiers from hospital ships to special hospital trains as the hospital ships Lady Nelson and  brought wounded Canadians home. Most of the over 90,000 aviators who came to Canada as part of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan landed at Pier 21. Over 2,000 child evacuees from the United Kingdom arrived at Pier 21 during the war, fleeing the Blitz. Princess Juliana and Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands arrived at Pier 21 amidst ceremony aboard the Dutch cruiser  in 1940 after the invasion of the Netherlands, en route to wartime refuge in Ottawa. Winston Churchill passed through Pier 21 four times, traveling in 1943 and 1944 to the Quebec Conference and the Washington Conference. During the latter trip he led a sing-along of "O Canada" and "The Maple Leaf Forever" at the Pier 21 railway platform where hundreds had gathered to see him. Enormous amounts of gold bullion were secretly shipped through Pier 21 during the war to banks in Ottawa and Montreal to safeguard currency reserves of beleaguered European nations. Britain alone shipped over 2.5 billion in gold reserves in 50 different shipments codenamed variously as "margarine" or "peanuts" from 1939 to 1941. At the war's end the Pier welcomed returning troops followed by war brides. A large fire heavily damaged Pier 21 on March 5, 1944 causing the central portion of the facility to be rebuilt in time to handle returning soldiers and war brides in 1945.

Paragraph 16: Lushati has actually been manipulated by her brother, Wein (who is actually a Val-Fasq, but disguised himself with human skin), for the first half of Eternal Lovers. Unfortunately for her, Takuto and his forces do not discover this until it is far too late: midway through the game, Lushati is brainwashed and abducted by Wein, taken aboard the stolen GA-007, and used as a power source to activate the GA-007's wings and bring the Chrono Break Cannon to full power. This causes Lushati to scream in agony, but Wein has taken away her ability to think independently and she can take no action to free herself, despite lacking any physical restraints to hold her in place. However, though Lushati remains brainwashed for a long time, eventually Wein begins to have second thoughts after being defeated in multiple battles despite his stolen Chrono Break Cannon. Late in the game, in a flashback as the bleeding and dying Wein has a discussion with Takuto and his romantic partner in a hospital bed, Wein temporarily brings Lushati out of her trance. Lushati does not appear to remember being brainwashed and her subsequent torment, so Wein tells Lushati the truth, explaining that he is a Val-Fasq. Lushati gasps in shock, but can say little else because Wein brainwashes her again, this time arranging for her security and high quality of life on the protagonists' side once she comes out of the trance, as he himself is fatally wounded by gunfire. After Wein dies, Lushati mulls over these events in the sick bay of the Elsior, and Takuto and his romantic partner discuss Wein with her. Although Wein treated Lushati as a tool before his change of heart, Lushati still mourns her brother's death, shouting his name several times and crying. Eventually, she calms down (partially as a result of Takuto and his romantic partner's reassurance and compassion), and is happier as a result in her newfound and genuine freedom.

Paragraph 17: In the summer of 1608, and after the unsuccessful battles near Moscow, the Princes Trubetsky, Ivan Mikhailovich Katyrev-Rostovsky and Ivan Fedorovich Troekurov tried to go over to the side of False Dmitry II, but were captured and sent to exile. Trubetsky was exiled to Totma, from where he soon escaped to the Tushino camp. False Dmitry II appointed Prince Trubetsky to boyar and Master of the Horse, that was the head of The Конюшенный приказ (Stable order). On February 28, 1609, Vasily Shuisky signed the Treaty of Vyborg with the King Charles IX of Sweden, establishing the military alliance with the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth's main rival. Russia agreed to cede Korela Fortress and Kexholm County to Sweden in exchange of military assistance in fighting False Dmitry II and the Polish. The Swedish launched the De la Gardie Campaign commanded by Jacob De la Gardie and Evert Horn, consisting of a 5,000 man force to assist the Russians under Mikhail Skopin-Shuisky. In response, King Sigismund formally declared war on Russia, hoping to gain territorial concessions and to weaken the ally of Sweden, and Polish troops crossed the Russian borders to Siege of Smolensk (1609–11). In January 1610, after the end of the Tushino camp and the escape of False Dmitry II to Kaluga, the Tushino boyars sent an embassy under the leadership of boyar Mikhail Glebovich Saltykov and Prince Trubetsky to Sigismund III Vaza, the King of Poland, who situated under Smolensk. In February of the same year, the Tushino embassy signed an agreement with the King of Poland to elect his eldest son Władysław IV Vasa to the tsarist throne of Russia. Sigismund III Vaza approved the Tushino boyars behind Prince Trubetsky. Under Smolensk Mikhail Glebovich Saltykov and Trubetsky took an oath of allegiance to Władysław IV Vasa, as the new Tsar of Russia. Then they returned to Moscow and began to cooperate with the boyar government of Seven Boyars. The Swedish-Russian alliance’ failure against the Polish saw their defeat at the Battle of Klushino on 4 July 1610, ending the campaign. Vasily Shuysky was forced to abdicate by the Seven Boyars after the Battle of Klushino, but before False Dmitri II could gain the throne, the Polish commander Stanisław Żółkiewski put forward a rival candidate: Sigismund's son, Prince Władysław, who was popular with the pro-Polish faction of the Russian boyars. The people of Moscow swore allegiance to him on condition of maintaining Orthodoxy and granting certain privileges to them. 

Paragraph 18: Paul Cornell, Martin Day, and Keith Topping wrote of the serial in The Discontinuity Guide (1995), "A clever script is balanced by a straight-forward plot, although the subtlety of some of the jokes will be lost on a younger audience." In The Television Companion (1998), David J. Howe and Stephen James Walker praised the "high level of sophisticated humour" that satirized the tax system. In 2010, Mark Braxton of Radio Times also gave The Sun Makers a positive review, calling it very successful in terms of the writer's objectives and described it as "playful, witty, ingenious". In addition, he praised the performances, design, and music, and only noted minor faults such as the improbability that the Plutonians had never questioned their society. DVD Talk's Ian Jane gave the serial four out of five stars, saying that it "may not rank up there with the best that the series has to offer but it sure is a fun diversion". While he noted the high production values, he felt that the serial's strength was its script and performances. Dave Golder of SFX was less positive, giving The Sun Makers two and a half out of five stars. He wrote, "The satire is rather blunt, and the gags don't make up for a story that's even more about running down corridors than normal. And these ones are really boring corridors (the concept of set-dressing clearly having eluded the designer). Some good performances and an on-form Tom Baker keep it watchable."

Paragraph 19: Lu Tiem (Ku Feng) sees the Newspaper with His friends about the Giant Foot Print that was revealed in Himalayan India. The discovered nations were released as a past flashback, Utam the Mighty Peking Guy who destroys the buildings, throws rocks, and causes an earthquake-like rampage. They all chase him through the race. Lu deeds to send His Minion to torture Goliathon in any slights for destroying Indians. A party from Hong Kong, headed by Johnny (Danny Lee) are exploring the Indian side of the Himalayan mountains. They see the Himalayan people about the Gorilla what happened in the last year was revealed to destroy Himalayan villages. Johnny and friends meet all of the other animals like Bear, Monkey and Natures along with Buffalos and Gnus and fights the Elephants who are the Bodyguards of Utam that chase everyone and kill innocent people. The First Himalayan Elephant was shot and murdered by Johnny and chases, Lu Tiem has no doubt rose what happened Today. In the Morning, Tiger confronts Him and the mud comes. Johnny attacks it who bites Leg, Lu shots and chases. After Lu Tiem kills Him, Johnny assaults and punches him if his deeds are to takes down innocent people. Johnny sleeps while Lu and his friends retreat to the jungles and go back to China. He was left on his own and starts to become homeless and discovers the eponymous Peking Man, a Yeti, Utam Goliathon who battles him if he steps on the lines. Utam tries to kill Johnny's lifeless body, along with a beautiful blonde wild woman named Samantha (Evelyne Kraft) to tells Utam what to do that He stays away from taking down him before he was meant to be passed away by him in a poster. Johnny later to fights the Malayan Tiger but was chased by Samantha and seeing the Giant Leopard attacks him and was a friend of her whose parents had been killed in a plane crash. Samantha was raised by Utam (the Peking Man) with nothing to wear but animal skin bikini. Like Tarzan, she has learned both to swing through the trees on vines and to communicate with and command the jungle animals, with the exception of a venomous snake who bites her on the inner thigh, requiring the hero Johnny to suck out the poison while Samantha's leopard friend and the Giant Elephant attacks and battles the snake. Shortly thereafter, they fall in love.

Paragraph 20: In trailers, this remote air-supply is in the form of a tank, which is charged whenever the emergency brakes are released via the red trailer-supply valve on the dashboard. In a dual-circuit air brake system, this tank actually receives its air from both  the primary and secondary reservoirs of the tractor; the air from both of these reservoirs is merged via a two-way check valve. The two-way check valve is a pneumatic device that has two inputs and one output; each input is connected to one these reservoirs. Only the air that is at the higher pressure is allowed to pass through to the check valve's output, which then passes through the tractor-protection valve, and then travels onward towards the trailer's air-tank and spring brake valve via the red trailer-supply line (a.k.a., the emergency line); this releases the trailer's emergency brakes (a.k.a. spring brakes). The tractor-protection valve is a device that prevents air from being lost from the tractor's braking system in the event of the air-lines becoming separated or broken. The tractor's air-lines connect to the trailer's air-lines via metal connectors known as gladhands.  The merged air from both reservoirs of the tractor prevents air-loss from only one tractor braking circuit from causing the trailer's spring brakes to automatically apply. This gives the driver more control, and prevents the vehicle from grinding to a halt in an unsafe location, such as in the middle of an intersection.

Paragraph 21: In the 1940s, one of the leading musical voices of protest from the African American community in America was Josh White, one of the first musicians to make a name for himself singing political blues. White enjoyed a position of political privilege, especially as a black musician, as he established a long and close relationship with the family of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, and would become the closest African American confidant to the President of the United States. He made his first foray into protest music and political blues with his highly controversial Columbia Records album Joshua White & His Carolinians: Chain Gang, produced by John H. Hammond, which included the song "Trouble", which summarised the plight of many African Americans in its opening line of "Well, I always been in trouble, 'cause I'm a black-skinned man." The album was the first race record ever forced upon the white radio stations and record stores in America's South and caused such a furor that it reached the desk of President Roosevelt. On December 20, 1940, White and the Golden Gate Quartet, sponsored by Eleanor Roosevelt, performed in a historic Washington, D.C. concert at the Library of Congress's Coolidge Auditorium to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which abolished slavery. In January 1941, White performed at the President's Inauguration, and two months later he released another highly controversial record album, Southern Exposure, which included six anti-segregationist songs with liner notes written by the celebrated and equally controversial African American writer Richard Wright, and whose sub-title was "An Album of Jim Crow Blues". Like the Chain Gang album, and with revelatory yet inflammatory songs such as "Uncle Sam Says", "Jim Crown Train", "Bad Housing Blues", "Defense Factory Blues", "Southern Exposure", and "Hard Time Blues", it also was forced upon the southern white radio stations and record stores, caused outrage in the South and also was brought to the attention of President Roosevelt. A month later, White sang as a member of the Almanac Singers on their much criticized anti peace-time draft album, Songs for John Doe. Despite this, however, and White's membership in the Almanac Singers, instead of making White persona non grata in segregated America, resulted in President Roosevelt asking White to become the first African American artist to give a White House Command Performance, in 1941, for the Roosevelts were great fans of folk music.

Paragraph 22: Eugen Trică was born on 5 August 1976 in the village of Teslui from Romania where he spent the first years of his life, being raised mainly by his grandparents until age 7 when he had to move to Craiova in order to go to school. Shortly after arriving in Craiova, his father noticed his talent while seeing him play football in the neighborhood so he took him to local club Universitatea where he started his career as a youth, being promoted in the first team in 1995, making his Liga I debut on 17 June 1995 in a 5–4 loss against Electroputere Craiova. He played 91 Liga I games for "U" Craiova in which he scored 14 goals, managing to reach the 1998 Cupa României final in 1998 which was lost in front of Rapid București, also during this period he earned the nickname José after teammate Ionel Gane compared him to José Mari Bakero. He then joined Steaua București in 1998, winning the championship in the 2000–01 season in which he played 30 games and scored 7 goals, also scoring two goals in Steaua's 2–1 victory against Dinamo București in the 2001 Supercupa României. Litex Lovech was the third club Trică played for after being transferred in 2003, where he scored 22 goals in 54 league matches, winning the Bulgarian Cup in 2004. He joined the squad of Maccabi Tel Aviv in 2005, but after only a few months he returned to Bulgaria, this time at CSKA Sofia where he played alongside fellow Romanians Florentin Petre and Alexandru Pițurcă, managing to win the 2005–06 Bulgarian Cup and the 2006 Bulgarian Supercup. Trică was one of the highest scoring foreign players in the Bulgarian league with 39 goals to his name. In 2007, Trică returned to Romania, signing with CFR Cluj, where he was part of the team that won for the first time in the club's history the championship and the cup in 2008 with Trică being the team's top scorer with 13 goals in 31 league matches, also playing five games in the 2008–09 Champions League group stage. He moved in 2009 to Anorthosis in Cyprus, but after the end of the season, he returned to CFR Cluj where he won the 2009 Supercupa României. In 2009, Eugen Trică came back to his first club, Universitatea Craiova, but after a year, in 2010, he joined Concordia Chiajna, a team from the second Romanian division which he helped promote to Liga I for the first time in history and after a few games in the first division for Concordia, in October 2011, Trică decided to end his playing career.

Paragraph 23: As champions, Bayern entered Champions League in the group stage. On 27 August, in the group stage draw, Bayern were drawn against Arsenal, Olympiacos, and Dinamo Zagreb. The first match took place on 16 September against Olympiacos. This was Bayern's 200th Champions League match and their first match in Greece since 1983. Bayern defeated Olympiacos 3–0 with two goals from Thomas Müller and a goal from Mario Götze. Müller's first goal was "looped" into the net from a cross. His second goal came from the penalty spot in stoppage time after Kingsley Coman was fouled. Bayern finished the matchday in first place. Before the match, the police in Athens were in an altercation with Bayern supporters where batons were used. Several Bayern supporters went to the hospital and had left the hospital by the following day. Bayern have lodged an appeal against the incident. Then Bayern faced Dinamo Zagreb on 29 September. Bayern won the match 5–0 with three goals from Robert Lewandowski and a goal each from Douglas Costa and Mario Götze. Lewandowski's three goals brought him up to 10 goals in his last three matches in all competitions. Bayern finished the matchday in first place. Bayern faced Arsenal on 20 October. Arsenal won the match 2–0 with goals from Olivier Giroud and Mesut Özil. This was Bayern's first loss of the season in all competitions. Bayern remained in first place. On 4 November, Bayern defeated Arsenal 5–1. Bayern got two goals from Thomas Müller and a goal each from Robert Lewandowski, David Alaba, and Arjen Robben. Robben's goal came on his first touch after 37 seconds. Olivier Giroud scored for Arsenal. The goal brought him up to three goals in four matches against Bayern. This was Arsenal's first loss at Allianz Arena. Mesut Özil had a goal called back after the referee ruled it that Özil put it in with his elbow. Bayern remained in first place. On 24 November, Bayern won their 100th Champions League home match, and won Group F, after they defeated Olympiacos 4–0 with goals from Douglas Costa, Robert Lewandowski, Thomas Müller, and Kingsley Coman. Holger Badstuber, who had started match since April 2015, was sent–off in the 52nd minute. Bayern finished the matchday in first place. On 9 December, Bayern finished the group stage by winning their fifth match in the group stage after defeating Dinamo Zagreb 2–0 with two goals from Robert Lewandowski. Thomas Müller failed to score from the penalty mark after the ball hit the post. Bayern finished the group by winning the group and obtained 15 points from five wins.

Paragraph 24: Gameplay in Lego Star Wars is geared towards family play, and does not feature a game-over scenario. Given a specific set of characters in each scenario, based on a scene from each of the movies, up to two players can control them, using their different abilities. By walking up to another friendly character, the player can switch control over to that character; this interaction is necessary in order to use another character's abilities to complete certain puzzles. Lego Studs, small coin-like collectibles which serve as the game's currency, can be collected by finding them, smashing or using the force on certain objects, or defeating enemies. Studs increase in value based on color, silver is the least valuable at only 10 points, going up to gold, valued at 100 points, blue at 1,000, and the rarest, purple worth 10,000. Players also have a health meter consisting of four hearts that gets depleted if they get injured or shot at. When they lose all their hearts, their character is broken apart and they lose studs (as opposed to lives). These studs can be spent on unlocking new characters for Free Play mode, hints for playing the game, and cheats. Certain segments of the game feature players controlling spaceships flying on a flat plane. There are also several minikit canisters hidden throughout each level that, when collected, combine to form a vehicle.

Paragraph 25: Eden Gardens State Park is a  Florida State Park and historic site located in Point Washington, south of Freeport, off U.S. 98 on CR 395, in northwestern Florida at 181 Eden Gardens Road (CR 395) in Santa Rosa Beach.  The park is centered on the Wesley House, a two-story mansion virtually surrounded by white columns and verandas. The house is notable for its furnishings, especially examples of late 18th century French furniture. The house was also used as the setting of the 1972 horror film Frogs. The Wesley House was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Eden Mansion on July 20, 2021. The site has various gardens, numerous large, old southern live oak trees, and frontage on Tucker Bayou.

Paragraph 26: Their first national title after independence was in 1976 after defeating Botafogo from Fogo, their second was in 1977 after defeating Sporting Praia.   In 1978, Mindelense challenged with Académica Operária from the island of Boa Vista and defeated that club and headed up to the scheduled finals, after Sporting was unawarded in their semis match with Botafogo, the championship finals matches did not take place. Their chance for the fourth one did not claim as Académico Sal Rei beaten CS Mindelense 2–0 in 1983 and was the first Battle of Barlavento, not until 1988 when in both two legs beat Sporting Clube da Praia 2–0 in the first and finally 0–1 in the last., the sixth title was claimed after beating CD Travadores from Praia.  The team won the most national titles between 1980 and 2008, Sporting tied it for one year and surpassed Mindelense in 2009 which would last until 2011 when Mindelense tied it once again as they won their eight title defeating Sporting 1–0 in the second finals match, their first match was scoreless. Sporting surpassed Mindelense once more for their third year with the most national titles alone (fourth year with the most national titles) in 2012.  It would be broken the following year as Mindelense defeated 3–0 against Académica from Porto Novo in the neighbouring island, the second match was tied at 2 apiece and therefore won their ninth title and once again tied Sporting Praia with the most national titles, Mindelense would win their tenth title a year later beating Académica of the island of Fogo, the club won 2–1 in their first match and scoreless in their second, the 2013–14 CS Mindelense season would become having the nation's most titles with ten titles, again in six years one more than Sporting Praia and their second in a row.  The 2014–15 CS Mindelense season would be successful once again and this time challenged Paulense from Paúl, lost one in the first and won two in the second and advanced to the finals and challenged the city's other rival FC Derby by having a single point in each of the two matches, the match went on to penalty kicks and scored 4–3 to claim their third straight national title totalling eleven and two more than Sporting Praia, Mindelense was second and recent in winning consecutive titles in a row numbering three ahead of two (1976–77) by the same club and behind of four by Sporting Praia (2006–09).  Mindelense faced Académica from Porto Novo from the neighbouring island northwest, it was the second match ever that was won on penalty kicks and Mindelense defeated Académica Porto Novo the second time and the club won their fourth consecutive national title for the 2016 season, now tied with Sporting Praia with fourth consecutive but a record 12 national titles won, three ahead of Sporting Praia.  Also the two final matches were the last at the national championships.

Paragraph 27: Ajahn Buddhadasa Bhikkhu (May 27, 1906 - May 25, 1993) became a Buddhist monk at Wat Ubon, Chaiya, Surat Thani in Thailand on July 29, 1926 when he was twenty years old, in part to follow the tradition of the day and to fulfill his mother’s wishes. His preceptor gave him the Buddhist name  “Inthapanyo” which means “The wise one”. He was a Mahanikaya monk and graduated at the third level of Dharma studies in his hometown and in Pali language studies at the third level in Bangkok. After he finished learning the Pali language, he realized that living in Bangkok was not suitable for him because monks and people there did not practice to achieve the heart and core of Buddhism. So he decided to go back to Surat Thani and practice rigorously and taught people to practice well according the core the teaching of the Buddha. Then he established Suanmokkhabālārama (The Grove of the Power of Liberation) in 1932 which is the mountain and forest for 118.61 acres at Pum Riang, Chaiya district, Surat Thani Thailand. It is a forest Dhamma and Vipassana meditation center. In 1989, he founded The Suan Mokkh International Dharma Hermitage for international Vipassana meditation practitioners around the world. There is a 10-day silent meditation retreat that starts on the 1st of each month for the whole year which is free, of no charge for international practitioners who are interested in practicing meditation. He was a central monk in the popularization of the Thai Forest Tradition in the South of Thailand. He was a great Dhamma author because he wrote so many Dhamma books that we have well known: Handbook for Mankind, Heart-wood from the Bo Tree, Keys to Natural Truth, Me and Mine, Mindfulness of Breathing and The A, B, Cs of Buddhism etc. On October 20, 2005, The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) announced praise to “Buddhadasa Bhikkhu”, an important person in the world and celebrated the 100th anniversary on May 27, 2006. They held an academic activity to disseminate the Buddhist principles that Ajahn Buddhadasa had taught people around the world. So, he was the practitioner of a great Thai Forest Tradition who practiced well and spread Dhammas for people around the world to realize the core and heart of Buddhism.

Paragraph 28: In July 2011, Texas Governor Rick Perry signed into law a redistricting plan ("C185"), approved by the Texas legislature in June, which gave the 25th district a completely different geography for the 2012 elections, including part of Travis County, and stretching as far north as Johnson County, south of Fort Worth. The redistricting split Travis County into five districts, four of which were heavily Republican. As a result, the only realistic place for Lloyd Doggett to run in was the new 35th district (which by weight of population is more of a San Antonio district than an Austin district); Doggett nonetheless won reelection in the new 35th. Former Texas Secretary of State and auto dealer Roger Williams, who had previously been a candidate for the U.S. Senate as early as 2010 while Kay Bailey Hutchison was still serving (she would eventually retire the following year and would be succeeded in 2012 by Ted Cruz), ultimately won a crowded Republican primary and would go on to win comfortable margins or better in a district where Democrats were only competitive in the western Travis County portion of the district (which includes some of the most Republican areas in the county including much of the area surrounding Lake Travis; Mitt Romney won 60 percent of the vote in the new district in 2012. His closest reelection came in the 2018 election, where Williams won 53.5 percent of the vote against Democratic challenger Julie Oliver and would go on to win less than 56 percent against Oliver in a rematch, as the district gave 55 percent of the vote to Donald Trump in 2016 and 2020 with Trump losing the Travis County portion by large margins. For a number of years, there was a consolidated lawsuit against the redistricting; in March 2017, a panel of federal judges ruled that the new 35th district and two others were illegally drawn with discriminatory intent. However, the district was allowed to stand in the Supreme Court's 2018 Abbott v. Perez ruling.

Paragraph 29: Gehrig was born June 19, 1903, at 1994 Second Avenue (according to his birth certificate) in the Yorkville neighborhood of Manhattan; he weighed almost  at birth. He was the second of four children of German immigrants, Christina Foch (1881–1954) and Heinrich Gehrig (1867–1946). His father was a sheet-metal worker by trade who was frequently unemployed due to alcoholism and epilepsy, and his mother, a maid, was the main breadwinner and disciplinarian in the family. Gehrig was the only one of the four siblings to live past childhood. His two sisters died at an early age from whooping cough and measles; a brother also died in infancy. From an early age, Gehrig helped his mother with work, doing tasks such as folding laundry and picking up supplies from the local stores. Gehrig spoke German during his childhood, not learning English until the age of five. In 1910 he lived with his parents at 2266 Amsterdam Avenue in Washington Heights. In 1920 the family resided on 8th Avenue in Manhattan. His name was often anglicized to Henry Louis Gehrig but he was known as "Lou" so he would not be confused with his identically named father, who was known as Henry.Gehrig first garnered national attention for his baseball ability while playing in a game at Cubs Park (now Wrigley Field) in Chicago on June 26, 1920. His New York School of Commerce team was playing a local team from Lane Tech High School in front of a crowd of more than 10,000 spectators. With his team leading 8–6 in the top of the ninth inning, Gehrig hit a grand slam completely out of the major league park, which was an unheard-of feat for a 17-year-old.Gehrig attended PS 132 in the Washington Heights section of Manhattan, then went to Commerce High School, graduating in 1921. He then studied engineering at Columbia University for two years, finding the schoolwork difficult before leaving to pursue a career in professional baseball. He had been recruited to play football at the school, earning a scholarship there, later joining the baseball squad. Before his first semester began, New York Giants manager John McGraw advised him to play summer professional baseball under an assumed name, Henry Lewis, despite the fact that it could jeopardize his collegiate sports eligibility. After he played a dozen games for the Hartford Senators in the Eastern League, he was discovered and banned from collegiate sports his freshman year. In 1922 Gehrig returned to collegiate sports as a fullback for the Columbia Lions football program. Later, in 1923, he played first base and pitched for the Columbia baseball team. At Columbia, he was a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.

Paragraph 30: A highly successful promotional campaign with posters and ads followed for the next year, while Motter and Rivoche struggled to produce an actual issue of Mister X. When Rivoche quit, Vortex Comics president Bill Marks became more skeptical than ever that Motter would be able to produce the series on time, and decided to turn the work over to the Hernandez brothers. Sales suffered from the long delay; while orders for the originally scheduled shipping date of August 1983 exceeded 40,000 copies, they had dropped to 26,000 copies by the time Mister X #1 was actually published. The first four issues were written and illustrated by Jaime and Gilbert Hernandez, with additional writing by Mario Hernandez. They missed the deadlines for all but the first issue of the officially bimonthly series, but Bill Marks accepted their tardiness as a necessary consequence of producing a quality comic. The Hernandez brothers quit over payment delays from Vortex. Issues 5 through 14 of the series were then written by Motter, with issues 6 through 13 illustrated by Seth.