Paragraph 1: Farrell made his England début at Twickenham after he was named at inside centre in the first Six Nations game against Scotland. The 2007 World Cup saw Farrell starting at inside centre against South Africa, in England's chastening group stage defeat. He was then brought on as a replacement against Tonga, and scored his first England try. However, after being picked for the quarter-final decider against Australia he had to withdraw with a calf injury. Unfortunately he never produced the performances for the England union side for which many had hoped, and ultimately he won only eight caps. In January 2008 Farrell was joined at Saracens by his 16-year-old son Owen Farrell, who signed a three-year academy deal with the club. In August 2008 Farrell was named co-captain for the 2008–09 season along with Steve Borthwick. There were rumours of Farrell returning to rugby league and rejoining Wigan Warriors, after it emerged that Saracens head coach Eddie Jones had become unhappy with the direction his club was taking. It was rumoured that Jones and Farrell could be moving up north, with the Warriors becoming increasingly impatient with out-of-favour Brian Noble especially after their poor start to the season; however this proved to be unfounded, with the Warriors instead hiring Melbourne Storm assistant coach Michael Maguire. In April 2009 Farrell announced his retirement and said he was taking up a coaching role with Saracens at the end of the season.

Paragraph 2: The Executive Committee of the American Jewish Committee deem it a duty to associate themselves most closely with the view of the Secretary of State and to express their horror and detestation of the mob tyranny incompatible with the ideas of a republican democracy which is now exercised by the Bolshevik government as being destructive of life, property and the political and personal rights of the individual. …All those political parties which sought to bring about reforms in Russia drew much of their strength and intellect from among the Jews, who had the most to gain from any amelioration of the political system. Jews were as prominent among the conservative reforms parties, such as the Cadets, as among the extreme radicals. …The Lenin-Trotsky Cabinet has several members of Jewish ancestry…which led to the erroneous assumption that the Jews of Russia were identified with this bloodthirsty and irresponsible group. The Jews of Russia in overwhelming proportion are not in sympathy with the doctrines and much less with the methods of the Bolsheviki. Lenin gas said of the Bund, which is a radical labor organization composed of Jews that they are worse that the Cadets. There are insistent reports that in many localities Jews are the victims of outrages at the hands of the Bolsheviki as bad if not worse than those suffered at the hands of the autocratic government. There are also reports that the Bolsheviki leaders have made vain attempts to range the Jews on their side by offering them government support for their theatres, schools and publishing enterprises.The Executive Committee of the American Jewish Committee have sincerely at heart the welfare of the Russian people and have full confidence in the ultimate emergence of Russia as one of the greatest democracies in the family of nations. The Committee are profoundly appreciative of the fact that one of the first acts of the Russian people after the Revolution was the emancipation of the five million Jews of Russia. They would, therefore, regards as a great calamity both to the Jews of Russia and to the future of Russia itself, the general acceptance of the erroneous idea that the Jews of Russia, as such, countenance the misdeeds of the Bolsheviki. While there are Jews identified with the Bolsheviki movement, this is merely because Jews are affiliated with all parties in Russia. …It is as unjust and unreasonable to infer from the prominence of some individuals Jews in the Bolshevik peart that the Jews of Russia subscribe to it, as to infer the contrary from the isolated fact that a Jewish girl attempted to assassinate Lenin. Such an inference if generally accepted would be eagerly seized upon by the reactionary elements of Russia who would once again make of the Jews a scapegoat for all the wrong suffered by Russia because of Bolshevik misrule. As the main body of the Jews are ranged on the side of law and order in Russia, this would be a great calamity and would help to defer the realization of the hopes of those who are working for the early creation in Russia of an orderly, democratic government.  The Executive Committee of the American Jewish Committee, AJC Archives, Adler files 

Paragraph 3: Johnson offers a two-year full-time MBA program, which consists of one semester of mandatory courses (core), one semester in immersion, and an optional second-year concentration. Unlike other MBA programs whose mandatory courses occupy the entire first year, Johnson utilizes an intense first-semester core model, allowing students to engage in an immersion (concentration) and specialize before interviewing for summer internships. Students who do not have a business background before matriculating at Johnson may attend a week-long MBA math boot camp to get up to speed, and orientation consists of a two-week leadership course that culminates in the Johnson Outdoor Experience (JOE), a two-day adventure-based activity in the Finger Lakes foothills. For the Class of 2018, the number of applications jumped from 1,704 to 1,960, a 13.1% increase over the previous year.  Overall, the program enrolled 284 students, up from 274 for the previous class.  Despite this increase, the program is harder to get into, with the acceptance rate dropping from 32.4% to 27.3%.  Entrance statistics for the Class of 2018 include an average score of 700 on the GMAT and a median of five years of work experience. The student body is international and diverse, with 38% of students holding citizenship outside the United States. Women comprise 31% of the Class of 2018.

Paragraph 4: As they travel up the river, they meet a princess who asks for Daystar's sword. The princess tells them that a wizard told her to take the sword to save a knight she loves.  The wizard, who is Antorell, shows up and tries to attack Daystar. But he is interrupted when a dragon who is looking for a princess comes. Shiara offers the princess they just met to the Dragon. The princess fainted when she saw the dragon, but before the dragon can take her away, the princess's love shows up, and the knight, who does not want to fight the dragon, decide to have a tourney for fun, but in the middle of it a small tree pops up and surprises the dragon. In his surprise, the dragon accidentally hits the knight with his tail, which makes the princess hysterical. Daystar tells the princess to see Morwen for help.  The dragon decides to travel with Shiara and Daystar and insists on leading them on a "shortcut" to the castle.  As they pass through a clearing, an invisible wall stops them. Somehow, Shiara learns how to make things invisible from this, which causes her to panic. As the three pass the castle, an evil sorceress turns Shiara into stone.  Daystar fights the sorceress, and she dies, but Shiara is still a stone. Suz shows up and suggests that Daystar kiss her, and although this works, it annoys Shiara. The castle in the meanwhile has somehow disappeared, and when they come to the next clearing, they find a strange tower-house that belongs to a magician named Telemain. After some misunderstandings, Telemain allows them to stay the night and advises them to travel through the Caves of Chance.  When the group travels through the Caves, Daystar finds a small key, which a strange, jelly-like creature called a quozzel insists is its responsibility and confronts Daystar. At the end of the caves, the quozzel causes a cave-in that doesn't kill anyone, although Shiara's arm is broken. Daystar causes the quozzel to leave by hitting it with his sword and they escape with the help of several dwarves who keep calling Daystar 'Lord', much to his annoyance.

Paragraph 5: The song "Stupid Dream" is actually only a short, 28 second instrumental piece of a tuning orchestra and sound effects. "Slave Called Shiver", and "Don't Hate Me", according to Wilson, are about feelings of "unreturned love". He said of them,  "[A Slave Called Shiver]'s a very perverse love song, yeah. I mean, it's an unrequited love song. It's a love song with somebody who's obsessed with someone else, but none of that affection is returned. It relates very closely to 'Don't Hate Me', which is a song again about someone who's obsessed with someone from afar. 'Don't Hate Me' is an even more extreme version, because here this person actually begins to follow and make phone calls and, you know, it becomes very unhealthy. 'Slave Called Shiver' is slightly less extreme. It's about someone who's very much in love and obsessed with somebody else. That love is not returned and so there's a slightly violent perverse undercurrent. 'Pure Narcotic' also is very much the same subject". "Don't Hate Me" featured the first use of saxophone in the music of Porcupine Tree, courtesy of Theo Travis. During live performances, the flute and saxophone solos are replaced by Barbieri's keyboard and Wilson guitar solos respectively.

Paragraph 6: SR 22 and SR 540 (Fall Line Freeway) begin at the Alabama state line concurrent with US 80. West of the state line, US 80 continues over the Chattahoochee River into Phenix City as Phenix City Bypass (internally designated as Alabama State Route 8). Eastward, US 80/SR 22/SR 540 travel on the J.R. Allen Parkway, a limited-access bypass of Columbus in Muscogee County. Almost immediately, they have an interchange with the northern terminus of SR 22 Conn. (2nd Avenue). Then they have an interchange with SR 219 (River Road). After that is Bradley Park Drive. Then, they have a full cloverleaf interchange with Interstate 185 (I-185). The same exit lanes for I-185 are also used for US 27/SR 1 (Veterans Parkway) and Moon Road. Then is a partial interchange with Schomburg Road and Blackmon Road. The highways curve to the southeast and have an interchange with US 27 Alt./SR 85 (Manchester Expressway). Here, the freeway ends and the two highways continue to the east and meet the eastern terminus of SR 22 Spur (Macon Road). US 80/SR 22 begin paralleling the northern border of Fort Benning and travel through the town of Upatoi. They travel south of Cox Lake and cross over the Tar River north of Montarella Lake, before crossing over Baker Creek into Talbot County. They travel to the north of Box Springs. The highways meet the northern terminus of SR 355. Just before entering Geneva, SR 41 joins the concurrency. In Geneva, they meet the western terminus of SR 96, where SR 540 departs the concurrency on SR 96, and turn to the north. In Talbotton, they intersect SR 90/SR 208 (Clark Street). At this intersection, SR 90 meets its western terminus, and SR 208 joins the concurrency very briefly and departs at Monroe Street. A few blocks later, SR 41 also leaves the concurrency to the north on Washington Avenue, while US 80/SR 22 curve to the east. After traveling through rural areas of the county, they travel along the Talbot–Taylor county line before entering Taylor County proper. They intersect US 19/SR 3, which join the concurrency. The four highways cross over the Flint River into Upson County. Not long afterward, US 80/SR 22 split off to resume their eastern routing and enter Crawford County. In Roberta, they intersect US 341/SR 7/SR 42 (Dugger Avenue). At this intersection, SR 42 joins the concurrency. The three highways pass the Crawford County Public Library and Crawford County Middle School. In nearby Knoxville, SR 42 departs the concurrency, while US 80/SR 22 begin a curve to the northeast. They gradually curve to the east-northeast before crossing over Echoconnee Creek into Bibb County. Just before entering Lizella, they curve to the southeast and begin to curve back to the northeast and enter Macon.

Paragraph 7: The dualistic influence of inyogoku (yin yang dualism) is apparent only in respects to the mudra of certain kuji rituals. As stated earlier the kuji in and of itself is a simple prayer. The obvious influences of onmyōdō (the way of Yin and Yang) is clearly seen in the mudra themselves which were added latter. Especially in regard to the first and last mudras, the mudras associated with the syllables "to" and "sha", "kai" and "jin". These mudras are obvious yin and yang counterparts. This is significant in that the concept of yin and yang is seen as encompassing all the cosmic phenomena, all eternity between the two polar opposites. The mudra gejishi-in (gesture of the outer lion) and its immediate counterpart naijishi-in (gesture of the inner lion) clearly represent this yin/yang relation. In fact, not only do these two related mudras represent the alpha and omega by themselves, but the two lions associated with them take this association a step further. The two lions are commonly seen outside the doors of Buddhist temples, where they stand as guardians against evil and baleful influences. The first lion utters the sound “A” which symbolizes the alpha, that all reality and phenomena are, in the tradition of mikkyō, said to neither absolutely exist, nor non-exist – they arise in dependence on conditions, and cease when those conditions cease. Whereas the second lion utters the sound “Un” (Hūm) which symbolizes the omega, the destruction of all evils; it summarizes the two basic false views of nihilism and externalism and shows them to be false. The truth of things is that they are neither real nor unreal. This description also applies to the next two mudra, gebbaku-in (gesture of the outer bond) and its immediate counterpart neibbaku-in (gesture of the inner bound). The first (dokko-in, kongōshin-in) and last mudra (hobyo-in, ongyō-in), occupy the two most important positions, the beginning and the end, again with relation to the Taoist and mikkyō points of view of the alpha and omega.

Paragraph 8: Wright was born in Pickwick Dam, Tennessee. Wright attended Christ School (North Carolina) in Asheville for his junior and senior years where he helped coach football, served as vice president of his class, and became a member of the honors program. While at Christ School, he enveloped himself in the literature that would inspire him to write. By the time he graduated in 1953 he had read everything William Faulkner had written. He then matriculated at Davidson College and graduated with a BA in history in 1957. He received a master's degree from the University of Iowa in 1963, and attended the University of Iowa Writers' Workshop. He was a Fulbright Scholar at the Sapienza University of Rome and at the University of Padua.

Paragraph 9: Referred to in Henry Jenkins' book, Convergence Culture, published in 2006, describes individuals who "constantly flit across the dial—watching snippets of shows rather than sitting down for a prolonged engagement" (Jenkins 2006:75). More of a tendency than a defining characteristic, zappers can fluctuate from the habit, depending on what is on at any given time, personal feelings toward a show, amongst other variables. The concept was overstated in the 1990s when Phillip Swann "wrote in TV.com: How Television is Shaping Our Future: ‘Few viewers today can sit through an entire program without picking up the remote and checking out another channel . . . Today’s viewer needs constant gratification: If she’s not entertained or intrigued for any stretch of time, she will flip the dial'" (Jenkins 2006:75).

Paragraph 10: Just The Beginning This is the story of a middle class Hindu - Punjabi family wanting to get their daughters married as soon as possible. Shibbo Anita Shabdeesh wants to get all three of her daughters married since they have become "jawan" or are in a marriageable age. She insists her husband Shavinder Mahal to look for a boy for her eldest daughter Pinky Prabjot Kaur. He isn't being to serious about it, so a friend of hers comes and talks about a relationship. Shibbo is happy to hear about this and insists on meeting the boy and his family that evening. She informs her husband about the short notice. That evening, the boy's family came over. They were eating snacks in the family room and Pinky's younger sisters Preet Surbhi Jyoti and Raji, the youngest out of the three who is handicapped noticed how the boy was eating the snacks. Their dad noted that too. They go outside with their father to discuss about this. He agrees with them. They tell Pinky about this and they try to come up with a plan for Pinky to avoid meeting the boy. Preet comes up with the idea of dressing her up ugly to scare the boy. They put ugly make up on her and covered her face with a veil. When the sisters asked the boy to open the veil, seeing Pinky's face frightened the boy. Preet and Raji start laughing as they leave, but their mom gets mad at them. She also talks with her husband about this. Her husband then becomes serious and decides to look for a groom for Pinky. Shibbo also reminds him to look for a good boy and hopes that what had happened to his sister Harnam Deepti wouldn't happen to Pinky. The next day, Preet tells her dad she has an interview for applying for a job and she needed him to drop her off to the city. He takes her in an old white 1970s car. Preet complains on how old and cheap the car looked, but her dad keeps telling her that this was the car he brought for her mom's "Bharat". On the way, the car gets stuck. After some time, a car stops and a man comes out of the car. He helps Balraj and he asks the boy if he could take Preet to the city for the interview. The boy stares at Preet and starts to like her. He agrees to take her. On the way, the both talked to each other and Preet complements him. After that day, he starts having dreams about Preet. The next couple days, Balraj starts looking for a boy for Pinky. Dharam Singh (Malkeet Rauni), a good friend of Balraj suggests a boy for them and both families meet each other. Balraj gives the picture of his daughter and the boy's mom complements about it. The same boy that took Preet to the interview came in the room.

Paragraph 11: The analogical current signals flowing through the tip/sample nanojunction are sent to the preamplifier, which transforms them into digital voltages that can be read by the data acquisition (DAQ) card of the computer. Many manufacturers integrate the preamplifier in the so-called "CAFM application module", which is a removable component that can be fixed to the AFM (usually very near to the tip to minimize the electrical noise) to perform conductivity measurements. Similarly, many other modules allow AFMs to perform other operations, like scanning capacitance microscopy (SCM) or scanning spreading resistance microscopy (SSRM). In most CAFM experiments the currents measured typically can range between a few picoamperes and hundreds of microamperes, while the voltages readable by the DAQ card usually range between -3 V to +3V. Therefore, the preamplifier needs to provide a very low noise and a high transimpedance (gain). Figure 2 shows the simplified schematic of a typical low noise preamplifier for CAFM measurements, in which some elements can be distinguished: i) an operational amplifier with high input impedance; ii) a feedback resistor (Rf) and its parasite capacitor (Cs) and Johnson noise (et) associated effects; iii) a noise voltage source associated to the operational amplifier (en); and iv) a capacitance associated to the input interconnections (Ci). A correct selection of the electrical components is essential to achieve good and reliable CAFM data acquisition. For example, the value of Rf is not trivial: a very high value of Rf improves the noise-signal ratio, while reduces the bandwidth of the preamplifier. Therefore, the value of Rf should be chosen to provide enough bandwidth and a noise level below the current values that we want to measure. The parameter en can be easily reduced by using a commercial low noise operational amplifier. The capacitance associated to the connections (Ci) can be easily minimized by placing the preamplifier as near as possible to the conductive tip. The company FEMTO, one of the world leading manufacturers of preamplifiers compatible with CAFMs, can provide devices with electrical noise as low as 3 fA and a gain up to 1013 V/A. Nevertheless, the main limitation of CAFM preamplifiers is their narrow current dynamic range, which usually allows collecting electrical signals only within three or four orders of magnitude (or even less).  To solve this problem preamplifiers with an adjustable gain can be used to focus on specific ranges. A more sophisticated solution for this problem is to combine the CAFM with a sourcemeter, semiconductor parameter analyzer or with a logarithmic preamplifier, which can capture the currents flowing through the tip/sample system at any range and with a high resolution.

Paragraph 12: Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium, also known as Owen Field or The Palace on the Prairie, is the football stadium on the campus of the University of Oklahoma in Norman, Oklahoma. It serves as the home of the Oklahoma Sooners football team.  The official seating capacity of the stadium, following renovations before the start of the 2019 season, is 86,112, making it the 22nd largest stadium in the world, the 13th largest college stadium in the United States and the second largest in the Big 12 Conference, behind Darrell K Royal–Texas Memorial Stadium at the University of Texas at Austin.

Paragraph 13: Inferno was reviewed in Dragon #44 (December 1980) by William Fawcett.  He commented that "This is one of the more expensive and longest modules offered by Judges Guild. It is a mixed offering with some excellent points and some potential problems. Many DMs will like this module just because it is perhaps the one situation where they can validly play with Asmodeus as a wandering monster!" Regarding the commentary on TSR's placement of the archdevils, he stated that "Actually there is support for both placements; the argument harkens back to the days of the “angels on a pin” discussions. Depending on their sources, both authors have them placed correctly (or relatively, incorrectly). In any case this is of little importance to the play as most characters will be reluctant to face any of the Archdevils anyhow." Fawcett added: "Obviously, this is a very high-level dungeon. A party of no fewer than eight members and averaging no less than 10th to 14th level is suggested. Even for these levels, this is a very deadly place. This puts a strain on the judge; there is a fine line between playing this module well and playing it either so deadly as to be discouraging or crossing over into Monty Haul dungeoning. [...] This can lead to a party that is terribly over-encumbered with new major magic items." He continued "Another problem inherent with playing characters and monsters who are this high in levels is that it takes a long time to resolve most melees. Either the characters have a lot of hit points or the more complicated magics take longer to roll up and compute. Several new spells are also suggested for use in the module, many of which would unbalance a campaign when (or if) the characters return. Even with these problems this module can be a real experience if played with a capable DM. There are some excellent descriptions in the early sections that set the mood beautifully for the players. The DM is further aided by suggestions throughout the book on how to play certain situations. These, for the most part, are quite useful. The module handles encountering and generating high-level monsters very well." Fawcett concluded his review by saying, "If you are looking for something that will challenge players who have characters grown to great heights or are looking for a suitable ground to play high-level characters as a change, this is an excellent choice. This is definitely not a module for a new DM to attempt, but correctly run it offers an unusual challenge."

Paragraph 14: In the backstory, Gibbs was born on November 21, 1954, and was shown in the episode "Heartland" to have grown up in Stillwater, Pennsylvania. The town is real, and the scenes in the episode were modeled after Bellisario's hometown of Cokeburg. His father, Jackson Gibbs (played by Ralph Waite), owned and ran the Stillwater General Store. He is named after his father's close friend and partner in the store, Leroy Jethro "LJ" Moore, after they worked together in the coal mines (Winslow Mining Company). In "The Namesake", it is revealed that LJ, a World War II veteran and Montford Point Marine, had influenced the teenaged Gibbs to join the Marines. Gibbs left Stillwater in 1976 to join the Marine Corps and had little contact with the place for the next thirty years. In a flashback scene in the episode, as a teenager, Gibbs often provoked violence with defiance to his father, who constantly comes to his unwanted aid with a Winchester rifle. He was also known around the area as a delinquent, as said by the new sheriff, one of the other delinquents during his teenage years, stating, "Funny, never expected to find you on the same side of the law." He met his first wife Shannon (portrayed by both Darby Stanchfield and Aviva Baumann) in Stillwater, who worked at the local women’s clothing store, Ellen’s Dress Shop, speaking to each other for the first time while both waiting for a train. Gibbs was leaving for Marine Combat Training having just graduated from bootcamp. At that first meeting, Shannon mentioned she had thought about creating a set of life rules for herself; Gibbs later incorporated this idea into his own series of around fifty rules that he now lives by (with the rules in the forties and above supposedly used for emergency situations). Gibbs is known by his first name, Leroy, to family and people in his hometown (as well as his ex-wife Diane), whereas at work he is known as Gibbs, Jethro, or simply "Boss". Shannon called him both Gibbs and Jethro.

Paragraph 15: WULM has had many different formats over the years since it started broadcasting.  Originally country (as WJEL) when it was founded, when it was sold to a group of local businessmen and the call letters were changed to WBLY for the principals - Bailey, Lucas and Yontz.  The station operated at 1600 kHz with 1,000 watts of power from sunrise to sunset.  During winter months, WBLY was authorized to operate at 250 watts from 6:00 AM until sunrise. The format was changed to talk in the morning along with music, with its host Smilin' Bob (Bob Yontz) and was a MOR station (Middle of the Road) the rest of the day.  Smilin Bob remained a personality on the station through the 1970s and into the early 1990s.  He became greatly known all around the valley.  He was famous for giving all of his callers a nickname, and he handed out many.  WBLY also aired a Sunday morning big band program hosted by Roger Sharp that was the top rated program in its time slot for the Dayton area.  Upon Sharp's death in 1989, the Sunday morning program was hosted by Tom Eipper (airname Tom James).  In 1981 WBLY changed its format to classic country and switching to oldies in 1987 and the following year it was "sold" to Yontz's son Ron, who operated RAY broadcasting.  In 1988 WBLY moved its tower from its former AM-friendly location off West First Street to a more FM-friendly location on Miller Road.  The tower move increased WAZU's coverage in the Dayton area, but was detrimental to the AM station.  Also in 1988 WBLY (which was a "daytime" station) received authorization to operate 24 hours per day. The authorized power from sunset to sunrise was 30 watts.  To celebrate, and in keeping with the format, staff members Dale Grimm and Jim Mosier were on the air for 24 continuous hours, operating from the station's "street studio" on the first floor of the Marketplace on South Fountain Avenue.

Paragraph 16: On 22 March 1975, he was appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Santo André and Titular Bishop of Carcabia. Hummes received his episcopal consecration on the following 25 May from Archbishop Aloísio Lorscheider, OFM, with Bishops Mauro Morelli and Urbano Allgayer serving as co-consecrators. He succeeded Jorge de Oliveira as Bishop of Santo André on 29 December of that same year. Hummes allowed the labour unions to meet in parishes throughout his diocese, going against the dictatorship in Brazil at the time. It was here that he began his support for liberation theology, and forged his friendship with the union boss at the time, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. On 29 May 1996 he was promoted to Archbishop of Fortaleza and was then transferred to São Paulo on 15 April 1998.

Paragraph 17: A major theme in Park's works up until the second half of the 1980s is the everyday life and struggles of the worker. These works are based on Park's own experiences as a worker and the activist. That is, in the 1980s labor was the basic condition for Park to write his poetry. However, as the times changed, Park's poems also changed. Chwieopgonggopan apeseo (1984) discusses the unstable lives for Korean workers in the 70s and 80s. However, from the words of a poetic narrator, it is difficult to find solidarity or the worker's fighting spirit. For example, the narrator in the title poem "In Front of the Job Search Board" has been recently discharged from the army and stands face to face with the job search board grasping onto his resume in his hopeless situation. Therefore, the poetic narrator's interests cannot realistically describe the worker's reality or suggest any sort of prospect of freedom to the workers. Rather, the prominent idea in this collection is people's existential sadness as they are unable to claim their own space and must wander among the periphery of the city, while holding onto the longing and pity for family in their hometown. This aspect of Park's poems can be seen as a result of the poet's own past, as he was made to leave his hometown and make his own living in another city. Daeyeol (대열 Workers Queue)(1987) in comparison, discusses the worker becoming clearly aware of their own class identity, and foregrounds the conflict between worker unity and the fight against capitalism. The poet's struggle is finding effective methods while experimenting with various poetic forms. This includes adding poetic verses to a prose poem, or copying a whole wall of graffiti from factories onto the page, for example. What the poet wants most importantly out of these experiments is to establish a junction between poetry and reality. The opening lines from Pojang senteo (포장 센터 Packing Station), "The break bell rang and as I went to the bathroom I glanced at the shipping area lounge, and I stared at those dirty truck drivers and loading dock workers start to gamble", this passage reflects how the poet clearly understands the realities of the workers and their struggles. Through works such as "Nongseongjangui bam" (농성장의 밤 Strike Site Night), "Jabonga" (자본가 The Capitalist), "Amerika" (아메리카 America), "Ssaum jeonya" (싸움 전야 The Eve of the Fight), and others, Park, from the title alone, is able to capture the subject matter and themes of labor struggle. Park is able to present almost every aspect of 1980s labor reality in his vivid writing.

Paragraph 18: EMLL initially tried to book Arena Nacional, the premier boxing venue in Mexico City, but the promoters would not let him rent it, forcing Lutteroth and EMLL to take up residence in Arena Modelo, an abandoned and run-down facility that Lutteroth was able to use as his home base. The concept of Lucha Libre quickly became very popular, so much so that the EMLL 1st Anniversary Show drew a sold-out crowd of 5,000 paying fans. In 1934, an American wrestler debuted in Mexico under a black leather mask, and Lutteroth dubbed him La Maravilla Enmascarada or "The Masked Marvel". In the United States the concept of the masked wrestler was more of a mid-level attraction, but the reaction to La Maravilla Enmascarada led to Lutteroth and EMLL officials to introduce more masks, starting with a wrestler known simply as El Enmascarado ("The Masked Wrestler"), and later El Murciélago Enmascarado ("The Masked Bat"). Through the use of the masks and ring characters EMLL helped create the sacred position of the mask in Lucha libre, making it the ultimate status symbol for luchadors. In the early days of EMLL, most of the top names were Americans, but with time EMLL introduced several Mexican natives that became so popular that they began to main-event most of the EMLL shows. To expand their business, EMLL began working with a number of local wrestling promoters across Mexico, allowing them to use the EMLL name and some of their contracted wrestlers while also gaining access to local wrestlers in return. Each booking office was independent of each other, but the main office in Mexico City had the final say if there were disputes over who would be able to book certain wrestlers.

Paragraph 19: Titus bumbles through a desert for a time, then uses a canoe to row down the river, where the reader gets a surprise: although Gormenghast is a crumbling, medieval castle, Titus finds himself in a modern city. Skyscrapers tower and the river itself is covered in pipes, canals and fishermen. As he slips the painter on the canoe, he has his first encounter with two faceless, silent persons, ostensibly police officers. Titus is exhausted by this stage and collapses on the city's waterfront, where he is rescued by a man named Muzzlehatch, who runs a zoo and drives a shark-shaped car. When Titus has recovered, he becomes restless and leaves Muzzlehatch's home to explore the city. He comes upon various huge glass and steel buildings, and arrives at a vast circular plaza of grey marble, which he begins to cross. At the far side of the plaza is a kind of airfield where brightly coloured flying machines land and take off. One of the flying machines starts to pursue Titus and he crosses the plaza hurriedly and runs into a large building to escape. He climbs to the top of the building and observes through a skylight that a party is taking place. He watches the party, overhearing various strange and disjointed conversations, until by accident he breaks the skylight, and falls through onto the ground. Titus only avoids arrest at this stage because he is lucky enough to have landed at the feet of Juno, who is Muzzlehatch's ex-lover. Juno and Muzzlehatch (who is also at the party) hide Titus until the police are gone. Nevertheless Titus is later arrested anyway, and brought to trial before a magistrate. He only avoids being sent to an institution for offenders by Juno agreeing to be his guardian and taking him in to live with her.

Paragraph 20: However, on 15 November, while Foote was passing the barrier forts in a small boat during preparations for reembarkation, Chinese guns fired upon him four or five times. The next day,  closed the nearest fort and opened fire, beginning a vigorous engagement which continued until the Chinese batteries were silenced some two hours later. Meanwhile, efforts were begun to settle the matter by diplomatic means. Nevertheless, four days later, after receiving a report that the Chinese were strengthening their works, Armstrong again ordered his ships to open fire. They bombarded the two nearest forts until the enemy fire slackened. Then Foote led about 300 men ashore, took the first fort, and used the 53 guns captured there to silence hostile batteries in the next fort. The bluejackets and marines ashore subsequently beat off an attack by 3,000 Chinese soldiers from Canton. In the following two days, they first silenced and then took the three remaining forts. In all, they seized and spiked 176 cannon. Before the American ships departed Canton, their men had destroyed these riverside strongholds. During the fighting, negotiations with Chinese officials continued and resulted in the recognition of the rights of the United States as a neutral power.

Paragraph 21: On September 29, 1864, the 3rd Division, including Fleetwood's regiment, participated in the Battle of Chaffin's Farm on the outskirts of the Confederate capital of Richmond, Virginia. During the 4th Regiment's charge on the enemy fortifications, Fleetwood supervised the unit's left flank. Among the charging soldiers was Sergeant Alfred B. Hilton, the bearer of two flags, one of which had been seized from a wounded sergeant. When Hilton himself was wounded, Fleetwood and another soldier, Charles Veale, each grabbed a flag from him before the colors could touch the ground. Now carrying the American flag, Fleetwood continued forward under heavy fire until it became clear that the unit could not penetrate the enemy defenses. Retreating back to the reserve line, he used the flag to rally a small group of men and continue the fight. For their actions during the battle, Fleetwood, Hilton, and Veale were each issued the Medal of Honor just over six months later, on April 6, 1865. Fleetwood's official Medal of Honor citation reads simply: "Seized the colors, after 2 color bearers had been shot down, and bore them nobly through the fight." The medal is now part of the collection of the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History. Fleetwood also won a General B. F. Butler Medal, presumably for his action in the same engagement.

Paragraph 22: In this story (within a story), a boy named Tim Ross lives with his mother Nell in a forgotten village that fears the annual collection of property taxes by a man named The Covenant Man. Tim recently lost his father, who was said to have been killed by a dragon while in the woods chopping trees. After the death of his father, Nell, no longer able to pay the taxes to keep their home, marries his father's best friend and business partner Bern Kells, who moves in with them. Kells is a mean man, prone to heavy drinking, who begins to abuse both Tim and Nell. One day The Covenant Man comes to collect the taxes, and he secretly tells Tim to meet him later in the woods. During this meeting, The Covenant Man reveals to Tim that it was actually Kells who killed his father, not a dragon, and with help of a scrying bowl shows Kells beating his mother, causing her to go blind. Later, The Covenant Man sends Tim a vision telling him that if Tim again visits The Covenant Man in the woods, he will give Tim magic that will allow his mother to see again. Tim, armed with a gun given to him by his school teacher, journeys into the dangerous woods, and is led into a swamp by the mischievous fairy, Armaneeta. Here, Tim almost becomes victim to a dragon and other mysterious swamp creatures, but he is saved by his gun as well as a group of friendly swamp people, who mistake him for a gunslinger. The swamp people guide him to the far side of the swamp, and equip him with a small mechanical talking device from the 'Old People' that helps guide him on his journey. Eventually, Tim arrives at a Dogan where he finds a caged 'tyger', which wears the key to the Dogan around its neck. A starkblast approaches, and Tim, realizing this is likely a trap set for him by The Covenant Man, befriends the tyger. Tim and the tyger ride out the storm under a magical protective blanket. The next morning, Tim discovers that the tyger is actually Maerlyn, a white magician, who had been trapped in the cage for years due to black magic. Maerlyn gives Tim a potion to cure his mother's blindness and sends him back to his mother on the flying magic blanket. Returning home, Tim brings sight back to his mother. Tim is attacked by Kells, who had secretly entered the home as Tim tended to his mother, but the boy is saved by his mother, who kills Kells with her late husband's ax.

Paragraph 23: Co-owned by Mark Bolay, whose family bought the inn in 1987, Garou and Guy Laliberté, the inn/restaurant has seen an increase in tourism based on its claim of being the first of its kind. In order to keep up with the current times, the inn has seen a lot of remodeling that allows it to stay current while also retaining its rustic 19th century aesthetic. As stated by Lesley Chesterman "Here’s a restaurant that straddles both tradition and modernity", showing that the owners stand to pay homage to what it was before, while maintaining current atmosphere that is expected today(Lesley Chesterman). Lesley goes on to praise the restaurant by saying "There are restaurants that offer a summer ambience, with a large terrasse or a row of towering windows. And there are those that offer a winter ambience, with fireplaces, cosy banquettes and intimate corners. L'Auberge Saint-Gabriel has always seemed like the latter, thanks to its historic stone building…”(Lesley Chesterman). To add on the restaurant is also home to several banquet rooms for private functions, a club in the basement, and valet parking. In addition, the restaurant built next door is home to an array of French-Canadian delicacies. Lesley Chesterman goes on to say “ Main courses are just as delicious. With a spring chill still in the air, the braised lamb shank served with white coco beans and rosemary-infused braising juices is not to be missed. The meat is somehow falling-off-the-bone tender yet not in the least bit mushy - a real coup for a kitchen forced to churn out many different dishes for a hundred-plus diners a day."(Lesley Chesterman). In addition Lesley also says "I'd also recommend the lobster galette, a hockey-puck-shaped patty served in a pool of thick lobster bisque. Flavoured with Cognac and tarragon and lightly breaded, this appetizer managed to be both hearty and elegant. I won't deny something more than the accompanying mound of lamb's lettuce might have brightened up the rich flavours (how about a salsa or relish?), yet the dish is still a winner."(Lesley Chesterman). Since it is a high class restaurant, Auberge is home to elegant and expensive food. Lesley goes on to state "Price range: Starters, $6-$23; main courses, $23-$47; desserts, $6-$9. Three-course table d'hôte: $32-$44, Lunch-time table d'hôte: $18-$22".(Lesley Chesterman). Auberge's elegancy in fine dining is also matched by their drinks, as the wines offered range from forty six dollars to seventy dollars.

Paragraph 24: The second Gearhead is Nathaniel Finch, a former engineer at General Robotics. While he was kidnapping and holding Gloria Osteen, his boss' daughter, for ransom, he ran afoul of Batman who rescued her, but Batman was not able to save Nathan from falling to a presumed icy death. Nathan Finch's body was discovered by two down-and-out people who take him to an underworld doctor named Dr. Bascomb. It turned out that Nathan was not dead and the doctor wanted Nathan's knowledge of cybernetics. Due to the ravages of frostbite, Dr. Bascomb was forced to remove his arms and legs and replaced them with cybernetic arms and legs. Following training with his cybernetic limbs, Nathan becomes Gearhead and develops his own cybernetic arsenal of removable body parts as well as a goal to exterminate Batman, whom he refers to as the "vermin". Gloria Osteen later received a call from Nathan to meet him at Babylon Towers. During the confrontation between the two of them, Batman arrived and fought Gearhead as they neared a grinder where Gearhead started to choke Batman. As Gearhead started to get Batman close to the grinder, Gloria decided to help Batman by activating a hydraulic magnet to get Gearhead off of Batman. With his legs removed, Finch still managed to get away with a Batarang still in his cybernetic arm. While enlisting the help of Robin, Batman traced Gearhead to the sewers where he found a batarang and no Gearhead. Just then, Gearhead attacked Batman. While chasing Gearhead, Batman figured out that his attack on Gloria was a cover so that he can have revenge on Batman. When they fell into the water, Batman broke off one of Gearhead's arms as Gearhead used his other arm to get away. While Batman left a note for Gloria complete with Gearhead's arm stating that Gearhead is not after her, Gearhead was seen at his hideout rebuilding his body and planning his revenge on Batman.

Paragraph 25: There is no globally accepted standard separating high-speed rail from conventional railroads; however a number of widely accepted variables have been acknowledged by the industry in recent years. Generally, high-speed rail is defined as having a top speed in regular use of over . Although almost every form of high-speed rail is electrically driven via overhead lines, this is not necessarily a defining aspect and other forms of propulsion, such as diesel locomotives, may be used. A definitive aspect is the use of continuous welded rail which reduces track vibrations and discrepancies between rail segments enough to allow trains to pass at speeds in excess of . Track radius will often be the ultimate limiting factor in a train's speed, with passenger discomfort often more imminent than the danger of derailment. Depending on design speed, banking, and the forces deemed acceptable to the passengers, curves often exceed a 5 kilometer radius. Tilting trains have been developed for achieving greater comfort for passengers, so higher speeds are possible on curvy tracks. Although a few exceptions exist, zero grade crossings is a policy adopted almost worldwide, with advanced switches utilizing very low entry and frog angles. Magnetic levitation trains fall under the category of high-speed rail due to their association with track oriented vehicles; however their inability to operate on conventional railroads often leads to their classification in a separate category.

Paragraph 26: According to Oxford University Press, the inequality toward women is "endorsed within cultures and entrenched within institutions [that] hold power to reproduce that inequality". There are various gendered barriers in social networks that prevent women from working in male-dominated fields and top management jobs. Social networks are based on the cultural beliefs such as schemas and stereotypes. According to social psychology studies, top management jobs are more likely to have incumbent schemas that favor "an achievement-oriented aggressiveness and emotional toughness that is distinctly male in character". Gender stereotypes of feminine style set by men assume women to be conforming and submissive to male culture creating a sense of unqualified women for top management jobs. However, when the women try to prove their competence and power, they often faced obstacles. They are likely to be seen as dislikable and untrustworthy even when they excel at "masculine" tasks. In addition, women's achievements are likely to be dismissed or discredited. These "untrustworthy, dislikable women" could have very well been denied achievement from the fear men held of a woman overtaking his management position. Social networks and gender stereotypes produce many injustices that women have to experience in their workplace, as well as, the various obstacles they encounter when trying to advance in male-dominated and top management jobs. Women in professions like science, technology, and other related industries are likely to encounter these gendered barriers in their careers. Based on the meritocratic explanations of gender inequality, "as long as the people accept the mechanisms that produce unequal outcomes", all the outcomes will be legitimated in the society. When women try to deny the stereotypes and the discriminations by becoming "competent, integrated, well-liked", the society is more likely to look at these impressions as selfishness or "being a whiner". However, there have been positive attempts to reduce gender discrimination in the public domain. For example, in the United States, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 provides opportunities for women to achieve to a wide range of education programs and activities by prohibiting sex discrimination. The law states "No person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subject to discrimination under any educational program or activity receiving federal financial assistance." Although, even with laws prohibiting gender discrimination, society and social institutions continue to minimize women's competencies and accomplishments, especially, in the workforce by dismissing or discrediting their achievements as stated above.

Paragraph 27: Having signed for Udinese in 2003, he spent two years on loan at Serie B club Modena to gain match experience. Following some excellent displays during the 2006 World Cup, he attracted interest from Russian club Lokomotiv Moscow. Gyan returned to Udinese at the start of 2006, but on 17 February 2007, Udinese pulled out of a deal to sell him in the January transfer window. The striker was on the verge of signing a 3-year deal with Russian Club Lokomotiv Moscow for US$10.5 million, the fourth largest transfer fee in Russian football history. "The striker Udinese targeted to replace me did not sign for them," Gyan told BBC Sport. "I've been told I will now have to stay in Italy for the rest of the season."

Paragraph 28: For the fifth game of the season, the Bears visited Kansas City, who trailed the Bears 5–6 in the all-time series; the game was the first in Kansas City since 2003, which the Chiefs won 31–3. Entering the game, the Bears were plagued by injuries, with 16 players listed on the injury report: Jermon Bushrod (concussion) was ruled out, safety Antrel Rolle (ankle) was doubtful, and 13 others were questionable. Jeff Joniak wrote that the offense had to be cautious of Bob Sutton's 3–4 defense, particularly the front five guided by linebacking duo Tamba Hali and Justin Houston. However, the pass rush only had nine sacks in 2015. To combat the defense, the Chiefs' cornerbacks had to be targeted, particularly Jamell Fleming and rookie Marcus Peters, who was targeted the most among cornerbacks in the NFL and four touchdowns, respectively. Additionally, the Chiefs had allowed 15 touchdowns, the most in the NFL, and in the red zone, was ranked the worst in the league. Also, the Chiefs pass defense allowed eleven passing touchdowns and 295.5 passing yards per game (ranked 28th in the league), while recording only two interceptions. The Bears defense, which had recorded six sacks in the last two games, faced an offensive line that allowed a league-high 19 sacks. Despite the struggles on the OL, Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith had receivers like Jeremy Maclin, who had recorded 148 receiving yards in the previous game, though Smith had a 49.5 completion percentage to receivers, one of the worst in the league. In the rushing attack, the Chiefs had running back Jamaal Charles, who was tied with Matt Forte for the most rushes of ten yards or more in the NFL with eleven; however, Charles had fumbled 26 times in his career, including twice in 2015. On special teams, facing former Bears ST coordinator Dave Toub, the Kansas City return unit was led by Knile Davis (kickoffs) and De'Anthony Thomas (punts); Davis ranked fourth in the NFL in KR yards, while Thomas was tied for seventh in PR yards. The Bears' coverage unit took on Pro Bowl punter Dustin Colquitt, who was ranked fourth in gross punt average and third in net average, while allowing only 51 yards on the return, along with kicker Cairo Santos led the league in field goals. Bushrod, Rolle, Alshon Jeffery, Eddie Royal, David Fales, guard Patrick Omameh and defensive end Will Sutton were inactive.

Paragraph 29: On April 28, 1938, Lindsey Blair was confirmed as postmaster; he assumed charge on May 11, 1938. Shirley Smith assumed charge on October 23, 1940 and became acting postmaster on October 26, 1940. On October 29, 1940, Shirley Smith requested the post office to be relocated to a spot 5/10 of a mile southeast from the old location, fourteen miles from the Guyandotte River, 100 feet west of Harts Creek, nine miles southwest of Dingess, twelve miles southeast of Verdunville, ten miles north of Harts, and fourteen miles from Logan. She asked the post office be relocated "so I can take care of it at my own home." Twenty-eight patrons resided within a one mile radius. Shirley Smith was confirmed as postmaster on December 5, 1940 and assumed charge of the post office on January 1, 1941. Pearl Lowe assumed charge on July 12, 1941. She wrote a letter to the Postmaster General requesting the post office be moved one mile north from its present location. It would be located ten miles from the Guyandotte River, about 40 feet west of Harts Creek, nine miles southwest from Dingess, nine miles south of Verdunville, ten miles away from Chapmanville, and two miles southwest of the county line. Pearl Lowe became acting postmaster on September 19, 1941, was confirmed on November 5, 1941, and assumed charge on January 23, 1942. On July 6, 1942, Pearl Lowe requested the post office be relocated to a new site eleven miles northeast of Harts, nine miles southwest of Dingess, twelve miles southeast of Verdunville, 300 feet east of Harts Creek, and 1/8 mile from the old post office. On July 15, 1944, an unnamed person requested it be relocated 1/4 mile south of the old post office, two miles from Mingo County, about 40 feet east of Harts Creek, thirteen miles east of Guyandotte River, nine miles southwest of Dingess, eleven miles south of Verdunville, ten miles north of Harts, and thirteen miles northeast of Chapmanville. Tema Workman assumed charge of the post office on March 1, 1947. On April 22, 1947, Tema Workman requested the post office be relocated to a site one mile north of its old site. Her letter references Bulwark as another name for the community. The new site would be 8 1/10 miles northeast of Shively, 7 1/2 miles south of Dingess, 9 1/2 miles north of Harts, 10 8/10 miles southeast of Verdunville, and 1 1/2 mile from Mingo County. Tema Workman assumed charge on October 1, 1947. Verlie Smith assumed charge of the post office on November 5, 1949 and served as acting postmaster on November 15, 1949. A November 16, 1949 letter moved the post office once again, this time to a location one mile southeast of the old site, 8 1/2 miles north of Harts, ten miles south of Dingess, 6 1/2 miles east of Shively, fourteen miles west of Kirk, and two miles from the Mingo County line.

Paragraph 30: He was born in North Groton (since renamed Ledyard), Connecticut, in 1729 in a home that still stands as a Historic Landmark on the corner of Church Hill Road and Spicer Hill Road in Ledyard, Connecticut. His father, also Samuel Seabury (1706–1764), was originally a Congregationalist minister in Groton but was ordained deacon and priest in the Church of England in 1730. Seabury, the father, was a rector in New London, Connecticut, from 1732 to 1743, and of St George's, Hempstead, New York on Long Island from 1743 until his death. Samuel Seabury, the father, claimed as property a slave named Newport, who is documented in his will. Seabury, the bishop, was raised in an enslaving family.