Paragraph 1: In the 2011–12 season, the Rangers finished as the top seed in the Eastern Conference. Going 51–24–7, the team finished with 109 points for the regular season. Their leading scorer for the regular season was Marian Gaborik, who finished the season with 41 goals and 76 points while playing all 82 games. However, the Rangers missed-out on the Presidents' Trophy on the final day of the season to the Vancouver Canucks after a 4–1 loss to Washington. In the first round of the playoffs, the Rangers faced the eighth-seeded Ottawa Senators. After falling behind 3–2 in the series, the Rangers bounced back to win Game 6 in Ottawa, as well as the deciding Game 7 at home, propelling them to the Conference Semi-finals. In the Semi-finals, the Rangers faced the Capitals. In Game 3, Gaborik received a pass from Brad Richards to seal a victory 14:41 into the third overtime, giving the Rangers a 2–1 lead in the series. Washington then came back to tie the series 2–2 in Game 4. The Rangers avoided going down 3–2 in the series when Richards tied Game 5 at 2–2 with just 6.6 seconds left in the third period. The goal was scored on a power-play as a result of a high-sticking double-minor committed by Washington's Joel Ward on Rangers' forward Carl Hagelin. Then, in overtime, Rangers defenseman Marc Staal scored on the second penalty of the double-minor just 1:35 into overtime, giving the Rangers a 3–2 series lead. The Rangers went on to win the series 4–3, sending them to the Eastern Conference Finals for the first time since 1997. In the Conference Finals, they faced the New Jersey Devils, a major divisional rival. After leading the series 2–1, the Rangers lost three games in a row, losing Game 6 in New Jersey with a goal by Devils forward Adam Henrique at 1:03 in overtime, giving the Devils a 4–2 series win and ending the Rangers' season.

Paragraph 2: In 2003, Brooks wrote his first book, The Zombie Survival Guide, a satirical survival manual about zombies. In 2006, Brooks wrote the follow-up World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War, a novel on the same subject, set in the ten years following a zombie apocalypse. Paramount Pictures acquired the movie rights, and Brad Pitt's production company, Plan B Entertainment, produced the film. In the October 2006 issue of Fangoria Magazine, Brooks stated that he would not be writing the screenplay for the motion picture, as he felt he was not an accomplished enough screenwriter to "do it right" (J. Michael Straczynski wrote the first version of the screenplay).

Paragraph 3: In the New Year, Lani makes her way back to Salem and enlist JJ's help to bring down Gabi. Her plan is complicated by the news of Eli and Gabi's impending nuptials. Lani crashes the wedding and exposes Gabi. A spiteful Gabi goes through with her plan not knowing that Lani, with JJ's help, have already disabled Gabi's control over Julie's pacemaker. Though Lani explains everything to Eli, and they kiss, he isn't ready to reconcile. However, they reunite very soon after. In May 2020, Lani helps Kristen escape the police station when she is arrested for stabbing Victor Kiriakis (John Aniston). A furious Eli begrudgingly keeps quiet. Soon, they become engaged and while they look for a wedding, Lani realizes she is pregnant. Though Eli is happy, Lani is fearful of losing another baby. However, they agree to move forward with the pregnancy. On the morning of her wedding, Lani gets a visit from a fugitive Kristen. Kristen helps Lani dress for the wedding before she skips town again. The ceremony is first interrupted when Tamara collapses but she insist they go forward anyway. To make matters worse, Gabi interrupts the ceremony, for nothing more than to spite the couple. Once Gabi is gone, Vivian (Louise Sorel) crashes the wedding threatening to shoot Lani to avenge Stefan. Rafe arrives in time to arrest Vivian and reveal that Stefan may be alive. Though Lani is afraid the day is ruined, with support from Eli and their loved ones, Lani happily marries Eli. A month later, the newly weds learn they're having twins. Later, Lani is furious when Eli goes behind her back and arrest Kristen using information she shared in confidence. Lani, along with Kristen's boyfriend Brady Black (Eric Martsolf) are shocked when Kristen turns herself and confesses despite Lani's successful appeal to district attorney Melinda Trask (Tina Huang). Later Lani is suspicious when Eli and Abe claim they are secretly planning her baby shower. She records them with her phone and realizes they are keeping a bigger secret from her that involves Brady. Lani confronts Brady who reluctantly admits that Eli forced Kristen to confess after he recorded her confession. An irate Lani confronts Eli and kicks him out of their home. On Christmas Eve, Lani reconciles with Eli thanks to Julie and her husband Doug's (Bill Hayes) meddling. Lani goes into labor during the Horton Christmas party and she gives birth to twins Jules, and Carver on Christmas Day.

Paragraph 4: Toyota, discovering that the Australian public wanted something that was modern and designed with consideration to the Australian market, began full-scale planning work on its Avalon replacement in 2002. Toyota Australia realised that no other model being developed at the time for Japan or North America was going to be suitable, and due to the size limitations of the Australian market, a completely indigenous model was unrealisable. However, at that time, Toyota Australia did not have any designers of its own. As a result, the company recruited Paul Beranger in August 2002 to set up Toyota Style Australia (TSA) in an industrial complex located in Dingley Village, Victoria. TSA first developed the X-Runner and Sportivo Coupe concepts, and in 2003, Nick Hogios, who had previously worked for Ford Australia on designing the XR performance models of the BA Falcon, was appointed chief designer. TSA's next venture was more significant—a privately developed model based on the Camry XV30—a car that signalled the beginning of the Aurion programme. Codenamed "380L" and developed during the course of 2003, this one-off model was forged by stripping panels and interior components from the donor Camry, and substituting these for TSA-developed versions. Total cost was approximately  million. Focus groups conducted by Toyota in early 2003 had ranked the Avalon at the bottom of the list when compared to the competing Holden Commodore, Ford Falcon and Mitsubishi Magna. Later on in the year, the same focus groups were called back and the Avalon was exchanged for the 380L. Overall, the groups ranked the Toyota as their first preference, and according to Beranger, "didn't see the car as a Camry". As such, Toyota Australia deduced that if the 380L was available for purchase there and then, they could sell it alongside the regular Camry as a six-cylinder car under a different name.

Paragraph 5: Disc two contains five studio tracks that were recorded in the course of a year from the fall of 1995. After promoting Keys to Ascension the group finalised the arrangements mainly from ideas that Anderson, Squire, and White had already put down and recorded the songs in November 1996. The band leased a building in San Luis Obispo that was once a bank and set up a recording studio inside that was later dubbed Yesworld Studio on the album's sleeve notes. Working with the band was Tom Fletcher, who was only available to oversee production of the live tracks as he had commitments with Steve Lukather. This prompted Squire to suggest Billy Sherwood, who had played additional guitars during Yes's 1994 tour, to complete production on the studio material and additional recording, engineering, and mixing. This was the first time Wakeman had worked with Sherwood, and the keyboardist praised Sherwood's attitude and contributions to the album. Wakeman was particularly pleased with the studio tracks on Keys to Ascension 2, rating them "light years" ahead of the studio material on its predecessor. He reasoned this down to the sense of maturity in the songs and the greater amount of input from the band in terms of what they and other members played, something that had not been done for a long time.

Paragraph 6: On 1 September 2021, Stoilov took over the team of Levski Sofia for the second time in his career. He was appointed as a manager in one of the worst moments in the club's history, ranking 10th in the league standings after the first 6 games with 4 losses and just 2 wins and in a very bad financial state. A few days after his appointment he released three players – Simeon Slavchev, Valeri Bojinov and Hristofor Hubchev and signed two younger – José Córdoba from Etar and Dimitar Kostadinov from Septemvri Sofia. Under his management, the team managed to improve promptly, earning 20 points by the end of the half-season with 5 wins, 5 draws, and 3 losses and qualifying for the Bulgarian Cup quarter-finals, eliminating Marek Dupnitsa and Septemvri Simitli. The better results of the team were completely justified as Stoilov managed to dramatically improve the team's style of play, with Levski dominating in most of the games. Thus, at the time of the winter break, the team had climbed to 6th place in the league standings. In the upcoming transfer window, Stoilov released 6 players – Gjoko Zajkov, Christos Shelis, Ivaylo Naydenov, Borislav Tsonev, Georgi Aleksandrov and Martin Petkov, and signed just as many – defenders Kellian van der Kaap and Noah Sonko Sundberg, Bulgarians Iliyan Stefanov from Beroe and Filip Krastev (on loan from Belgian Lommel), both attacking midfielders. The other new additions were Brazilians Wenderson Tsunami (a left-back) and Welton (a forward). All of the newcomers became a key part of Stoilov's squad and were relatively young (all of them signed as free agents except Welton). In the second half of the season the team showed tremendous improvement winning 11 league games, drawing 2 and losing 2 finishing 4th in the final standings. In addition, Stoilov's Levski won the Cup, securing the first trophy for the team since 2009 and participation in European tournaments. In the quarter-finals, the team eliminated Septemvri Sofia with a 2–0 home win, and then faced Ludogorets in the semis, knocking them out with 4–2 aggregate score. The Cup final was against Levski's biggest rival – CSKA Sofia. Stoilov's team won 1–0, with the only goal scored by Iliyan Stefanov from long range. Throughout the whole tournament, Stoilov gave chance to the reserve goalkeeper of Levski – born in 2004 – Plamen Andreev, who started in each of the six matches, conceding only 2 goals (both in the first leg game against Ludogorets).

Paragraph 7: From 1985, Čalfa worked as the head of a legislative department of the Czechoslovak federal government. In April 1988, he became the chairman of the legislative committee. On 10 December 1989, during the Velvet Revolution, he was appointed Prime Minister in place of discredited Ladislav Adamec.  Although Čalfa was a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia (KSČ), this government had a non-Communist majority. He thus headed the first cabinet in 41 years that was not dominated by the KSČ. When President Gustáv Husák resigned shortly after swearing in the government, Čalfa also took on most presidential duties until the election of Václav Havel on 29 December.

Paragraph 8: Sharon tells the gang that she won't be a part of the dance team anymore. She refuses to help the team prepare for the dance at Indiafest, though it ends up with Swayam and her sharing a passionate dance. At Indiafest, the entire gang arrives unexpectedly, after having decided that they will continue dancing. Everyone, including Sharon, performs at Indiafest together which attracts a viewer who offers them money to perform together. This leads the team to form their own group, D3. Sharon ends up revealing about her asthma problem to Swayam which leads to an emotional break up. In spite of that, Swayam silently continues to take care of her which manages to get them closer to each other, though as friends. The D3 gang begins to perform at various events while preparing for the Nation Dance Championship(NDC) as well. At this time, Swayam's father, Rishi Shekhawat enters. He hates Swayam's passion for dance and keeps putting him down. Unaware of Rey's dancing talent, he constantly pits Rey against Swayam, ending to Swayam becoming extremely angry and annoyed. Rey realises that Taani is becoming far too dependent on him and Swayam and breaks up with her, hoping she will be able to become more independent. Sharon also realises she has undeniable feelings for Swayam and gets closer to him, leaving him confused about where their relationship stands. The D3 team goes on progressing from one NDC level to another. They are eliminated during one level, which Swayam feels is because of the injury he had sustained. Later, they realise it was because of a biased judge who is removed because of Taani's efforts and the team's disqualification is taken back. Swayam tries to stay away from Sharon to prevent himself from being hurt. But eventually, Sharon ends up indirectly confessing her feelings for him by telling his father. This leads to Swayam and Sharon proposing their feelings to each other finally and them becoming a couple, which they decide to keep a secret. Rey tells Taani the reason for their break up but Taani decides to end the relationship for good and move on. On the day of the finals of NDC, thanks to Sharon, Rishi ends up making up with his son. The team wins the competition with Rey winning special award for best solo dancer and Swayam wins the award for the best choreographer. Post this, Sharon and Swayam end up going on their first date. Soon after, Taani tells everyone she is leaving the college. Rey was left heartbroken. But his friends help him try to forget and move on. 

Paragraph 9: In addition to being Minister of Commerce and Industry, Enterprise, and Minister for Culture and Education, Leif Pagrotsky has held several high-ranking posts in the Swedish Government Offices, including State Secretary for Financial Affairs in the Ministry of Finance and Vice Chair of the Council of Riksbanken, Sweden's central bank. He has served as Economic Advisor to the Prime Minister, as well as Head of the Division for Financial and Fiscal Affairs in the Ministry of Finance. Prior to the referendum on Sweden joining the European Monetary Union and adopting the Euro, Pagrotsky argued against, contrary to the Prime Minister and the majority of the Social Democratic Party leadership.

Paragraph 10: On the morning of Monday 13 March the Nantwich forces had not arrived at the appointed time so Brereton decided to attack with his cavalry and about 200 musketeers ("our greatest force of foot being at Nantwich"). He "with the best forces hee had theire came early in the mornynge backe to Midlewiche, & vpon Sheathe Heathe att the west end of the said Towne, Sr Thomas Aston havinge taken the advantage of the said ground & wynde, & planted his ordnance, sett upon him"  Thomas sent a party of dragoons and horse under Captain Spotswood to give an alarm at Northwich, presumably to draw off some of Brereton's force. The captain, however, disobeyed orders and engaged the enemy and as a result Brereton's forces were able to establish themselves in one street leading into the town. In another street Captain Prestwich and his men were caught unawares by the enemy but were able to rally and drive back the enemy horse and rescue some prisoners. He stopped at a bridge and managed to hold off the enemy until the foot soldiers arrived. Waring Bridge was also approached by the enemy so Aston sent Prestwich and his troop to aid Captain Massie's company of foot. In this way Aston was able to hold off the enemy until about 09:00 or 10:00 a.m. when the Nantwich force arrived "so resolutely and with such undauntedness of spirit." About 800 foot and 300 horse came down Booth Lane and entered into Newton at the south end of the town, where Aston had placed "a good Brasse peece of ordnance" and two trained bands of 200 men who were "well advantaged by ditches and bankes on both sides." Aston withdrew a troop of horse under the command of Captain Bridgeman from the Northwich approach to check the advance of the Nantwich force. The rest of his horse he held back behind the foot, "there being noe other ground for horse", apart from a force of about 60 to attack the enemy. His plan was to line the hedge with about 100 musketeers so that the enemy could not take advantage of the ditches on both sides of the lane to attack the charging horse.

Paragraph 11: On January 12, 2014, Soya made his debut for Keiji Mutoh's All Japan splinter promotion Wrestle-1, in an on-screen matchmaker role. Soya was portrayed as a biased authority figure, favoring former tag team partner Seiya Sanada. On February 15, Soya made a surprise in-ring return for a twenty-man battle royal, helping Sanada win the match to become the number one contender to the TNA X Division Championship. Soya wrestled his official return match at a Wrestle-1 event on February 21, losing to Masayuki Kono. On May 4, Soya was defeated by Kai in a grudge match and, as a result, lost his job as the matchmaker of Wrestle-1. On August 8, Wrestle-1 announced Soya had signed with the promotion, ending his days as a freelancer. On September 22, Soya entered the Wrestle-1 Championship tournament, but was defeated in his first round match by Kai. In mid-2014, Soya entered a storyline, where he began accusing Akira of being a spy for the villainous Desperado stable. However, on November 1, after it had been revealed that Soya had been wrong and Tajiri had been the spy, Soya and Akira formed a new version of Get Wild, later named "new Wild order". Later that same month, new Wild order took part in the First Tag League Greatest tournament, set to determine the inaugural Wrestle-1 Tag Team Champions, where they finished second in their block with a record of two wins, one draw and one loss, advancing to the semifinals. On November 30, new Wild order defeated Masayuki Kono and Tajiri to advance to the finals of the tournament, where, later that same day, they were defeated by Kaz Hayashi and Shuji Kondo. Following the tournament, Wrestle-1 quickly set up a rematch between the two finalist teams, but Soya and Akira were again defeated in the title rematch on December 7. On January 30, 2015, Soya received his first shot at the Wrestle-1 Championship, but was defeated by the defending champion, Keiji Mutoh. On April 1, new Wild order received another shot at the Wrestle-1 Tag Team Championship, but were for the third time defeated by Hayashi and Kondo. Following the loss, Soya and Akira announced they were looking for new members to join new Wild order. This led to an evaluation match on June 18, after which Jun Kasai and rookie Kumagoro were accepted as the third and fourth members of new Wild order, turning it from a tag team into a stable. On July 12, Soya and Kasai defeated Hayashi and Kondo to win the Wrestle-1 Tag Team Championship. On August 30, Soya defeated Shuji Kondo in the finals to win the 2015 Wrestle-1 Grand Prix. On September 21, Soya defeated Kai to win the Wrestle-1 Championship. On November 27, Soya and Kasai lost the Wrestle-1 Tag Team Championship to Masayuki Kono and Shuji Kondo. On January 10, 2016, Soya lost the Wrestle-1 Championship to Yuji Hino. On July 1, Soya won his second Wrestle-1 Grand Prix in a row, defeating Hino in the finals. On July 29, Soya and Kasai won the Wrestle-1 Tag Team Championship for the second time. After Soya had been sidelined with a shoulder injury, he and Kasai were stripped of the title on August 20. On December 18, the reunited Get Wild defeated Jake Lee and Kento Miyahara in the finals to win All Japan's 2016 World's Strongest Tag Determination League.

Paragraph 12: After being off the road for a few months, by February 2005, the Junkies decided it was time to get together and record some music. They invited the Timmins' older brother, John Timmins, to bring his guitar and sit in. The theme the band decided on was to be on war, violence, fear, greed, ignorance, or loss, and everybody had to bring two or three songs written by other people. The Junkies played and interpreted the works of others and recorded their sessions, over the course of five days. The album was recorded at the Cowboy Junkies recording studio, The Clubhouse, during February and March 2005. The genesis of the album were a pair of songs that the Junkies had taken to their heart, "Isn't It a Pity" by George Harrison which they started performing on the Long Journey Home Tour the previous year, and "December Skies" which was written and recorded in October 2002 during the One Soul Now sessions and inspired by The Wars by Timothy Findley. The other original song on the album, "This World Dreams Of" was also written during the One Soul Now session, but they never got a recording they liked. For this recording, they slowed down the song, spacing it out and letting it breathe. One line from the song, "more things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of", is from a Tennyson poem called "The Passing of Arthur", which inspired the writing of the song. The song "I Don't Want to Be a Soldier" is unusual for the Junkies because it has a rap break in the song. The band was jamming on the song, and they set up a drum loop. When they listened to their session, they realized there was a hip-hop motion to the loop, so they invited a friend of theirs, Kevin Bond, also known as Rebel, to improvise and record a rap element, using the album themes as a basis. The Junkies then asked Jeff Wolpert to mix the elements together.

Paragraph 13: An authority on actors and film history, Brown was a contributor to Scream Queens: Heroines of the Horrors by Calvin Beck and Bhob Stewart. Published by Macmillan in 1978, the book features illustrated biographical profiles of 29 fantasy film actresses and directors. Brown did a similar survey, the unpublished Unsung Heroes of the Horrors, covering the lives of some lesser known Hollywood talents, and he also contributed to various magazines, including Films in Review and Castle of Frankenstein. The book Who Was Who on Screen Third Edition, by Evelyn Mack Truett was dedicated to Brown, whom she credited with giving data support for the previous edition.

Paragraph 14: The Great Orchestra of Christmas Charity (GOCC, Polish Wielka Orkiestra Świątecznej Pomocy, WOŚP) is the biggest, non-governmental, non-profit, charity organization in Poland raising money for pediatric and elderly care. The GOCC Foundation holds American Heart Association certification to provide courses in CPR and AED, and for the use of high technology for medical lifesaving. The GOCC aims to support health care in Poland by purchase of state of the art medical equipment for Polish hospitals and clinics and by establishing and running six medical programmes and one educational programme. The foundation supports pediatric and geriatric wards, furnishing them in both complex medical devices such as MRI scanners, and providing long-term care units with anti-bedsore mattresses and beds.

Paragraph 15: After a devastating nuclear war destroyed most of the human race, the Hulk and a group of other radiation-empowered heroes were captured by A.I.M. and MODOK with the goal of eventually analysing their physiologies to recreate their immunity to radiation. However, about one hundred years afterwards, the Hulk (now operating in a state where he had Bruce Banner's intelligence) broke out of the VR machine they were using to keep him contained and decided to work on rebuilding the world himself. Travelling to America, he became disheartened with the state of the country, including the destruction of the Hoover Dam and Mount Rushmore, until he found people still alive under Washington. The initial entrance was guarded by the Machine Man, who led the Hulk to the 'Maestro' who ruled this group of survivors, the Hulk swiftly recognising him as Hercules. After Hercules punched the Hulk away just to affirm their old status as sparring partners, Hulk meets with Rick Jones, who explains that Hercules is now only interested in ruling humans and having sparring matches or sex. Although the Hulk expresses little interest in helping ordinary people for the sake of helping them after they caused the apocalypse, when Rick reminds him that most of the people close to Hulk were just normal humans, he infiltrates the remains of Alchemax to create the Dogs of War to oppose Hercules's forces. Hercules entered the fray and fought off the Dogs of War. He then goaded Hulk into a fight and easily bested him, and Hercules spared his life to make him a part of his entourage. Hulk however wanted to make amends, and vanished for a number of years before returning with U-Foes member Vapor, who Hulk had seduce Hercules to get close to him so she could then kill him by poisoning him. Hulk then turned on Vapor by freezing her, shattering her into pieces, and having those pieces buried over a vast area so she could never regenerate. As Hulk tried to publicly cremate Hercules' corpse, he sprung back to life, sent by Hades to enact his revenge. Hercules proved too powerful a physical threat and even the Dogs of War were no challenge for him. When a former member of Rick Jones' rebels unleashed a weapon designed by Forge years previously to kill Hulk, the evil Hulk managed to evade the weapon before his ally the Minister used it to execute Hercules once and for all. Hulk then went to confront Rick about his friends' failed attempt to kill him but found Rick and his artifacts gone. Rick then communicated with Hulk remotely, comparing him to his father, before trying to kill him with a bomb. However, Hulk survived the explosion.

Paragraph 16: Introduced in "Chapter Four – The Rabbit Sends a Little Bill", Bill the Lizard is perceived by Alice to be someone who does all of the hard work for the White Rabbit and other Wonderland denizens. When Alice becomes stuck in the White Rabbit's house due to drinking from an unlabeled bottle that made her grow uncontrollably, the rabbit's attempts to get in through the door and window fail. Bill the Lizard is sent to go through the chimney to investigate, since he and another creature have a ladder in their possession. Unwilling to let Bill get through the chimney, Alice uses her now huge foot, which is in the chimney, to kick Bill into the air. He manages to survive the fall thanks to fellow creatures.

Paragraph 17: The word "Walauwa" may not have a Sinhalese origin, it is unclear whether it was a Sinhalese word from the beginning, but this word may have been adapted from the Tamil word "Walaw". In Sinhalese, it gives a plural sound rather than the singular word "Walaw" which means "Mansion". The typical Sinhala term is 'Maha Gedhara'. The English word of "Walauwa" is, "Manor" or "Manor-House",and it's a large house with lands. The Walauwas and its owners were supported by the larger lands and estates they possessed. These were either land grants from Kings (since the beginning of the Sinhalese Kingdom until the Kandyan era) or government service (during the Colonial era) or acquired by successful enterprise and passed down though generations. Their owners were the landed elites of Ceylon, as such they gained a status of power and wealth. A notable feature of many of these walauwas, especially Kandyan walauwas was an interior open space/garden known as the 'medamidula'. There is another theory about Walauwas. "Walavum" means a place where a judgement is given. Those people who occupied the Walauwas had the authority to pass judgement over people with the authority provided by a Royal decree either Sinhala or English. The older walauwas were neither tiled (roof), very large or highly ornate as the king had placed certain restrictions and laws. Many of the walauwas beyond the jurisdiction of the king or after the fall of the Kandyan kingdom sprang up to be large and ornate, displaying architectural influences from beyond Sri Lanka and south India. Mansions replaced the walauwas in the urban areas towards the latter part of the nineteenth century. Though they were referred to as walauwas by the public, the owners usually referred to them with modern names. There are many large mansions of more recent origin which are not walauwas both in the Kandyan and the Low Country areas. This however has changed in the years after independence with the rise of a powerful middle class based on profession and enterprise. The elites held much power within the political cycles. The most significant change occurred in the 1970s with the socialist style land reforms that were bought into place. This limited private land ownership to fifty acres, and private home ownership to two houses. Most families sold off their lands or had them taken over by the government. They retained their Walauwas, yet over the years found it hard to maintain them, resulting in many falling into a dilapidated state, while some were razed to the ground such as the Maha Kappina Walauwa, and Ragama Walauwa which were constructed in the 16th century. Some were bought for state use or others have now been converted into hotels and Shopping complex such as the Ratwatte Walauwa, Rajamanthri Walauwa and the Nugawela Walauwa.

Paragraph 18: The film begins with a young woman getting dressed in prostitutes clothing and walking up a long road from her apartment. She crosses paths with a nun asking for alms and gives her some money. The nun continues on her journey and runs across a pimp who confronts the nun's charity work as "useless". The prostitute befriends a woman working a small convenience shack. On her way home, the prostitute comes across the pimp, who tries to lure her to work for him. She refuses saying she can 'take care of herself'. The prostitute has dinner at a small cafe, where a large man seems to recognize her and continually pesters her by referring to her as "Alberta". After leaving the restaurant, the prostitute attempts to please an American client, but starts crying and has to end the sex session before it begins leaving the American man angry and bewildered. The next day the nun continues to ask for money and the prostitute once again meets the pimp, who tries to bring her into his business. Later in the day, the pimp sets up a "live sex show" for some Japanese customers. The prostitute comes across the large man who keeps referring to her as "Alberta". He decides to ask for her services and pays her money. However, once they get to the apartment, the large man only asks the prostitute to take off her clothes and turn around several times. He examines her body and finally decides that she is not "Alberta". He then tells her the story of his childhood friend Renato Munoz, who ended up falling for a rich girl named Alberta and they both joined the Communist rebellion movement in the Philippines and he resents Alberta for taking his friend away from him. He says Alberta was obsessed with finding Renato after he became a Communist guerrilla fighter in the forest. That night the nun undresses in her room, looking depressed. She exits her room and enters the prostitutes room right next door and tells her that she's getting fed up with the therapy. We now realize that the prostitute, whose real name is Alberta Munoz, and the nun, who is really Rina Abad, are patients of a man named Julian Tomas who is having them undergo a role-playing therapy called MELANCHOLIA to help them mentally recover from the past tragedies and losses in their lives. Rina is starting to spiral into a depression and Alberta becomes concerned. The next day, she tries frantically to call Julian (the pimp) to tell him that they need to call the therapy session off. He screams at her that he is "not Julian" and refuses to break character. He instead invites Alberta and Rina to a live sex show he has planned for them. Throughout the duration of the sex show, Alberta and Rina are visibly disturbed by Julian's immersion into his character. The next day, Rina goes missing.

Paragraph 19: In the 6th century, the Sarabhpuriyas from Sarabha (now identified as Sirpur in Chhattisgarh) came to prominence. Their territory included present-day Sambalpur district, as well as parts of Kalahandi. They were succeeded by the Panduvamshis, whose king, Tivaradeva, tried to expand east of Kosala into Utkala, now coastal Odisha. Although he failed, he kept control of Kosala. In the last decades of the 9th century, the Somavamshis ruled over present-day Kosala. Janamejaya I expanded his domain south and east, and defeated the Kalachuris. His son Yayati was blocked by the Kalachuris when attempting to expand into the north and west of Kosala. The Somavamshis were defeated during Rajendra Chola's northern expedition. In the chaos that followed, Yayati II stabilized the kingdom, which corresponded to modern Odisha. His son beat off Kalachuri invasions during his reign, but the kingdom soon collapsed. Kosala fell into Telugu Choda hands, who had aided a rival king who defeated the Somvamshis. The Telugu Chodas were soon driven out by the Kalachuris. The Kalachuris soon began a long struggle with the Eastern Ganga dynasty, which ended 100 years after when the Gangas drove the Kalachuris out around 1211.After Eastern Ganga dynasty , this area ruled by mighty Gajapati Empire.Under Kapilendra Deva, Gajapatis became an empire stretching from the lower Ganga in the north to the Kaveri in the south.But,continued aggression of the Bengal sultanate from the north and Vijayanagara and Bahmani empires from the south weakened Gajapati empire ,Ultimately Balarama Deva, a Chauhan Rajput from North India founded Chauhan rule in western Orissa.The Chauhans continued ruling independently until the mid 18th century. The rulers then were weak, and real power rested in the diwans. Akbar Ray was the most powerful of these diwans. Ray soon took Sambalpur by force, and antagonised the Marathas of Nagpur. However he was soon overthrown by Jayant Singh in 1781. However, the state faced constant attack by the Marathas of Nagpur, who attempted to subdue the kingdom by force. Eventually, in 1800, they conquered the kingdom and placed a governor there and imprisoned the Chauhans in Chandrapur. During the Second Anglo-Maratha War in 1804, Sambalpur fell into British hands. However these territories were returned to the Marathas in 1806. After the Third Anglo-Maratha war in 1817, Sambalpur became officially British territory and the Chauhans were restored to the throne. However they lacked the former authority over their feudal lords which they had before.

Paragraph 20: Bill Dickey, the hitting coach for the Yankees, worked with Richardson to improve his hitting. In 1959, Richardson switched to a heavier bat and tried swinging harder at pitches. Given the chance to start at second base again in mid-June, Richardson raised his batting average from .232 to .300 over six games with 11 hits in 18 at bats. He was on the roster for the second All-Star Game of the year and remained the starting second baseman the rest of the season. On July 25, 1959, Richardson and Fritz Brickell both hit their first major league home runs, Richardson's coming against Paul Foytack in a 9–8 victory over the Tigers. Batting .298 coming into the final game of the year, Richardson was the only Yankee with a chance at hitting .300. Stengel promised to remove him from the game if he got a hit in his first at bat (moving his batting average to .300). Richardson flew out to Albie Pearson in his first at bat but got hits in his next two at bats to move his average to .301, then was pinch-hit for in the eighth, preserving the mark. In 134 games (469 at bats), he had 53 runs scored, 141 hits, 18 doubles, six triples, two home runs (both against Foytack), and 33 RBI. His .301 average topped the Yankees and ranked sixth in the American League (AL), and he finished 18th in AL Most Valuable Player (MVP) voting after the season.

Paragraph 21: The extension axis for the Mariana Trough can be subdivided along strike into a southern two-thirds characterized by slow seafloor spreading and a northern third characterized by rifting. From as far north as 19°45'N south to 13°10’N, the spreading ridge has the typical morphology of a slow-spreading ridge, with an axial graben that is sometimes occupied by a central ridge where volcanic activity is concentrated (neovolcanic zone); south of this the ridge more resembles a fast-spreading ridge, probably because magma supply is enhanced by proximity to the arc . Spreading half-rates in the region between 16° and 18°N are estimated at 1.5 to 2.2 cm/year .  The ridge becomes punctiform north of 18°30', and true seafloor spreading does not occur north of 19°45'N (but see the different conclusion of ).  Rifting forms a series of amagmatic deeps between 19°45'N and 21°10'N called the 'Central Graben' . These basins have low heatflow, lack igneous activity, and are the deepest parts of the Mariana Trough (>5400 m).  The deepest part of the Central Graben is also unique among active back-arc basins in exposing mantle peridotites along the extension axis .  Extension north of the Central Graben occurs by combined tectonic and magmatic processes that are distinct from seafloor spreading, in a region known as the Volcano-Tectonic Zone (VTZ; ). The VTZ corresponds with a part of the Mariana Trough where the crust thickens from 6 to 15 km. The southern VTZ is dominated by fissure eruptions associated with a ridge-like feature, ~30 km long, which rises to less than 2800 m water depth and which is similar to the inflated segment at the southern terminus of the spreading ridge. The northern VTZ is dominated by point-source volcanism, with edifices spaced 50–60 km apart alternating with rift basins.  There is no volcanic activity along the adjacent arc segment and it appears that the extension axis has captured the arc magma supply between the Kasuga cross-chain at 22°N and Nikko near 23°N, where the extension axis intersects the arc.  North of this, incipient rifting is magmatically manifested by unusual, shoshonitic lavas of the Hiyoshi complex, Fukutoku-oka-no-ba (or Sin Iwo Jima), and Iwo Jima .  Rifting and spreading are inferred to be propagating northward at a rate of 10 to 40 cm/year , so the variations in tectonic and magmatic style seen along-strike north of 18°N provide an example of the sequence of events that occur at any one section across the back-arc basin as the rift evolves from updoming through rifting to true spreading.

Paragraph 22: The anglicisation "gasometer" was adopted by William Murdoch, the inventor of gas lighting, in 1782, as the name for his gas holders. Murdoch's associates objected that his "gasometer" was not a meter but a container, but the name was retained and came into general use. Gas holders were marked as gasometers on the large-scale maps issued by the British Ordnance Survey and term came to be used to label gas works, even though there may be several gas holders at any one gas works. However, the term "gasometer" is still discouraged for use in technical circles, where "gas holder" is preferred.

Paragraph 23: 'The Day After Tomorrow (October 1950)Amazing Adele (September 1950) – Westport Country PlayhouseReview of play at VarietyThe Importance of Being Earnest (June 1951) – Santa Monica dinner theatre with Jane DarwellBroadway Bill (Aug 1952) – Pasadena PlayhouseCandida (April–May 1952) – US tour then National Theatre New York – with Olivia de HavillandSweet Peril (December 1952) – London – with Michael Denison and Dulcie GrayReview of play at VarietyYou Never Can Tell (August 1953) – La Jolla PlayhouseThe Fifth Season (Feb-May 1954) – tour of UK then Cambridge Theatre, LondonSabrina Fair (August-Nov 1954) – national tour of EnglandThe Caine Mutiny Court Martial (March–May 1955) – Australian tourFavonia (July 1956) – UK tourThe World of Suzie Wong (Oct 1958–Jan 1960) – Broadhurst Theatre and 54th St Theatre, New York – 508 performancesReview of Broadway show at VarietyMary, Mary (1963) – Queens Theatre, London – with Maggie SmithThere's a Girl in My Soup (May-Oct 1967) – Australian tourCome Live with Me (Feb 1971) – Philip St Theatre, SydneyButley (Oct 1972–Feb 73) – Morosco Theatre, New York – standby for Alan BatesChampagne Complex (1974) – Macleay Theatre, Potts Point, NSWSherlock Holmes (Feb 1975–Jan 76) – Broadhurst Theatre, New York – joined cast during runMrs Warren's Profession (Feb-April 1976) – Vivian Beaumont Theatre, New York – with Lynn RedgraveNo Man's Land (Nov-Dec 1976) – Longacre Theatre, New York – standby player for Ralph RichardsonMeasure for Measure (1976) – New YorkTunnel Fever (May 1979) – New YorkBent (Dec 1979–June 1980) – New Apollo Theatre, New York – with Richard Gere, ran 241 performancesMeasure for Measure (July 1981) – San DiegoDuet for One (Dec 1981–Jan 82) – Royale Theatre, New York – standby player for Max von SydowGhosts (June 1982) – Adelphi FestivalRobert and Elizabeth (October 1982) – Paper Mill Playhouse, Milburn, New JerseyThe Patrick Pease Motel (March 1984) – Riverwest Theatre, New YorkManoeuvres (April 1985) – South St Theatre, New YorkCandida in Concert (April 1985) – a one off readingSwan Song (November 1986) – Mazur Theatre, New YorkMan for all Seasons (Jan 1987)Rozencrantz and Guilderstern are Dead (May 1987) – off Broadway, New York – as PoloniusKing Lear (Nov 1990) – with Hal HolbrookBrigadoon (Nov 1991) – New York State TheatreThe School for Scandal (Nov-Dec 1995) – Lyceum Theatre, New York – with Tony Randall

Paragraph 24: Boyd played in the Dragons Charity Shield 32–10 win over the South Sydney Rabbitohs, scoring a try while playing at five-eighth. Boyd also played in the Dragons' 2011 World Club Challenge against the Wigan Warriors, playing at fullback in the 21–15 win at DW Stadium. In Round 1 against the Gold Coast Titans, Boyd equalled his 2009 and 2010 efforts with a double in the Dragons 25–16 win at Robina Stadium. On 30 March 2011, Wayne Bennett announced he would not coach the Dragons in 2012, hinting that Boyd may leave the club as well. After Bennett signed a 4-year contract with the Newcastle Knights, Boyd was offered contracts from the Knights and the Gold Coast Titans. On 9 May 2011, the Titans officially withdrew their offer. On 9 June 2011, Boyd signed a 4-year contract with the Newcastle Knights starting in 2012. Boyd played in all three matches of the 2011 State of Origin series in the Maroons 6th consecutive series win. Boyd's final game for the Dragons was against his former club, the Brisbane Broncos at Suncorp Stadium. Boyd scored the try that forced golden point for the Dragons, after they were down 12–6, but the Dragons ultimately lost the match 13–12, after his test, state and former club captain, Darren Lockyer kicked the winning field goal. Boyd finished the 2011 NRL season with him playing in 22 matches and scoring 9 tries. On 16 October 2011, Boyd scored 2 tries for Australia in the 42-6 test match win against New Zealand at Hunter Stadium. Boyd was selected in the Australian squad for the 2011 Four Nations tournament held in the United Kingdom. Boyd played all 4 matches and scoring 3 triesincluding playing at fullback in the Kangaroos 30-8 Four Nations Final win against England at Elland Road.

Paragraph 25: The "Alabama Song" was written as a German poem and translated into idiosyncratic English for the author Bertolt Brecht by his close collaborator Elisabeth Hauptmann in 1925 and published in Brecht's 1927 Home Devotions (), a parody of Martin Luther's collection of sermons. It was set to music by Kurt Weill for the 1927 play Little Mahagonny () and reused for Brecht and Weill's 1930 opera Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny (), where it is sung by Jenny and her fellow prostitutes in Act I. Although the majority of all three works is in German, the "Alabama Song" retained Hauptmann's broken English lyrics throughout.

Paragraph 26: Meanwhile, although Emperor Taizu favored Liu greatly, Liu was becoming fearful of Emperor Taizu's increasingly erratic and cruel acts against other generals.  He became particularly alarmed in summer 909, when Emperor Taizu, on false reports by the officer Liu Han () that Wang Chongshi was in secret communications with Qi, forced Wang to commit suicide and slaughtered his family, replacing him with Liu Han.  Later in summer 909, when Emperor Taizu was considering putting Liu Zhijun in command of another campaign against Jin, he summoned Liu to him.  This alarmed Liu, and his brother Liu Zhiwan (), who was one of Emperor Taizu's guard commanders at Luoyang, also sent a secret letter to Liu Zhijun, opining that Emperor Taizu intended to kill him.  Shortly after, Liu Zhiwan requested to take his brothers and nephews to welcome Liu Zhijun, and Emperor Taizu agreed.  Shortly after, Liu Zhijun submitted to Qi and launched a surprise attack on Chang'an, capturing Liu Han and delivering him to Qi to be executed.  He then put a defense in at Tong Pass while requesting aid from both Qi and Jin.  Despite Liu Zhijun's rebelling against him, Emperor Taizu initially tried to maintain communications with Liu Zhijun, and his emissary to Liu Zhijun pointed out the great favors he had shown to Liu.  Liu responded that while he was appreciative, he was fearful of the same fate as Wang.  Even though Emperor Taizu then sent another communique stating that Liu was correct to have had Liu Han killed and that he regretted the death of Wang, Liu Zhijun did not respond again, so Emperor Taizu sent Yang Shihou and Liu Xun to attack Liu Zhijun.  Liu Xun quickly captured Tong Pass and took Liu Zhiwan and the other family members, who were on the way to Liu Zhijun's territory, captive.  Still, Emperor Taizu made another attempt to persuade Liu Zhijun to resubmit, by sending his nephew Liu Siye () to Zhongwu's capital Tong Prefecture () with Emperor Taizu's edict.  Liu Zhijun considered going to meet Emperor Taizu alone to apologize, but his brother Liu Zhiyan () opposed.  Shortly after, when Liu Zhijun's officer Nie Shang () surrendered Hua Prefecture (華州, in modern Weinan) to Yang, Liu Zhijun abandoned Tong Prefecture and fled to Fengxiang.  Li Maozhen greatly honored Liu Zhijun, bestowing him the high chancellor title of Zhongshu Ling (), but initially did not make him a military governor, believing that he could not carve territory out for Liu, but granting him a large stipend.

Paragraph 27: Patterson began patrol and escort in the approaches to Queenstown on 5 June. On 12 June, she dropped depth charges to help drive away a German U-boat attacking SS Indian. A collision with His Majesty's tug Dreadful at the entrance to Berehaven Harbour, Ireland, the night of 1 January 1918, damaged Patterson's bow but she resumed regular escort and patrol on 5 February. Two days later she rescued 12 survivors of steamship Mexico City, torpedoed by a German submarine. Patterson, patrolling in the Irish Sea on 17 May, dropped depth charges that drove away German . She continued patrol out of Queenstown until 4 June, then departed for the United States.

Paragraph 28: Clients included Henry Clay Frick, William Randolph Hearst, Henry E. Huntington, Samuel H. Kress, Andrew Mellon, J. P. Morgan, John D. Rockefeller Sr., Edward T. Stotesbury, and a Canadian, Frank Porter Wood.  The works that Duveen shipped across the Atlantic remain the core collections of many of the United States' most famous museums. Duveen played an important role in selling to self-made industrialists on the notion that buying art was also buying upper-class status. He greatly expanded the market, especially for Renaissance paintings with the help of Bernard Berenson, who certified some questionable attributions, but whose ability to put an artistic personality behind paintings helped market them to purchasers whose dim perception of art history was as a series of biographies of "masters."

Paragraph 29: Calculating a QALY requires two inputs. One is the utility value (or utility weight) associated with a given state of health by the years lived in that state. The underlying measure of utility is derived from clinical trials and studies that measure how people feel in these specific states of health. The way they feel in a state of perfect health equates to a value of 1 (or 100%). Death is assigned a utility of 0 (or 0%), and in some circumstances it is possible to accrue negative QALYs to reflect health states deemed "worse than dead." The value people perceive in less than perfect states of health are expressed as a fraction between 0 and 1.

Paragraph 30: Original A was the first "A" and revealed to be Mona Vanderwaal. Mona began torturing Alison by sending her gifts, threats and soon attacking her while wearing a zombie costume. "A" continued to mess with Ali and her mother Jessica DiLaurentis, whom she believed it to be Spencer Hastings. After Alison's disappearance, "A" went away for a year but after the corpse of Bethany Young (believed to be Alison at the time) was found, she reemerged. "A" began sending the Liars messages about things only Alison knew about them and soon even began messing with their parents. Doctor Anne Sullivan had previously dealt with the person behind the hoodie and when "A" trashed her office she immediately recognized the person. She almost exposes her identity to the Liars but "A" kidnaps her and went as far as to threaten her son's life. But the Liars are still close to figuring it out and during the second half of season two they manage to get a hold of "A's" phone. They hatch a plan to catch her with this and it works. They find out that "A" had a lair at the Lost woods resort and Spencer and Mona ("A's" newest victim) head over there and find a room full of pictures of Alison and the girls along with a sketch of "A's" costume to the ball, The Black Swan. However, Spencer begins to notice other clues and soon realizes "A" is right there with her. She turns around to see Mona in a black hoodie, who reveals herself as "A". She kidnaps Spencer and gives her an opportunity to join the "A" team but Spencer declines and the two get into a fight, where Mona is pushed off of a cliff. Though Mona survives, she is sent to Radley Sanitarium for medical assistance. While in the psychiatric hospital, Mona takes up a partnership suggested by the then unknown CeCe Drake that starts off the second game. After this, Mona became another henchmen in the "A" hierarchy, obeying the orders of CeCe, whom she knew as Red Coat. Mona was kicked off of the A-Team in the season three finale. However, Mona joins the new "A.D." team in Season 7, after "A.D." sends Wren to kill her and she offers to help instead. She helps them kidnap Spencer and wears a Melissa mask, but ultimately turns on them and brings the Liars to them, as well as a cop. However, this turns out to be a ruse and the "cop" is actually Mona's French boyfriend, who helps her take Mary and Alex (the two remaining members) to France to live in her own personal Dollhouse. Mona is the final "A" of the series, being the "winner" of the game...