Paragraph 1: Tomás was one of four children born to José Ignacio Chávez Montes de Oca, a shop keeper, and María de la Luz Morado Cabrera, an amateur painter. His three brothers include José Chávez Morado, Gabriel, and Salvador (who died as a young boy). His mother and maternal uncles who drew sketches were among his first examples of artists. His father also encouraged his creativity by providing him with materials to practice. During the 1918 flu pandemic, also known as the “Spanish flu,” his mother, María de la Luz Cabrera Morado, fell ill and died from influenza. José Ignacio Chávez Montes de Oca remarried and started a new family while his sisters cared for Tomás and his brothers. While in the care of their paternal aunts who often sang, played guitar, and painted, Tomás and José both took a greater interest in art. Tomás completed his primary school education. During this time he worked in his father's grocery store, where it appeared that he might become a merchant like his father. Tomás felt that this type of work seemed "tedious, enslaving, and boring" and instead immersed himself in the libraries of his paternal grandfather and of the father-in-law of José Ignacio Chávez Montes de Oca. At one point he also worked for the father-in-law of José Ignacio Chávez Montes de Oca (who was a sculptor and print maker who repaired religious images) as a printer and a bookbinder. In 1928, as a teenager, Tomás decided to move to Mexico City to pursue a career in art and teaching at the Escuela Normal Superior and also to connect with his brother, José. His father, who wanted to discourage Tomás from this decision, gave him only two pesos when Tomás asked for money to help him on his new journey. José and Tomás faced a difficult financial situation in Mexico City, having no place to sleep until granted permission by Fernando Leal to sleep at the Centro Popular de Pintura de Nonoalco where José, and eventually Tomás, took classes. After seeing monolith carvings at the Museum of Archaeology, Tomás reaffirmed his commitment to sculpture. He was also exposed to the work of Diego Rivera while visiting La Escuela Muralista. Taking experience and skill from El Centro Popular de Pintura Nonoalco, Tomás began teaching modeling and drawing at primary and secondary public schools in Mexico City. At the same time, he was working in the Department of Museology at the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes where he helped rescue the work of José Guadalupe Posada. In 1940, he accepted a commission from the Department of Indian Affairs to lead an indigenous boarding school in the Sierra Tarahumara for the Tarahumara people, an experience that impassioned him to indigenous causes. After four years there, he returned to Mexico City to attend the Escuela Normal Superior (Mexico) to study and become a professor in the field of Visual Arts. He graduated in 1948 with a masters of arts education in the Department of Fine Arts and eventually joined the faculty to depart his knowledge of sculpture onto others. In 1968, after 33 years of teaching under the Secretaría de Educación Pública, Tomás moved back to Guanajuato to retire and dedicate himself to his sculpture. Many students sought out his advice during this time, which lead him to start teaching again in 1985, this time, at the Universidad de Guanajuato. Because the University of Guanajuato did not have appropriate facilities, Tomás instructed his students in his own studio. Between 1990 and 1993, Tomás directed the school of fine arts, improving studio facilities and making needed changes that lead to official approval of the visual arts bachelor's degree program. Tomás continued teaching until health problems (diabetes, blindness, and hearing loss) hindered his teaching and, eventually, his sculpting.

Paragraph 2: In the early 1980s Deutrom was a member of a Los Angeles-based art co-op called Werkgruppe founded by D. Emily Hicks and Daniel Joseph Martinez. Lori Black was also a member. Deutrom contributed several multichannel soundtracks for Hicks' and Martinez's conceptual pieces culminating in a 23 channel synthetic audio environment for the 1984 Olympics Arts Festival installation entitled "The Peoples of Los Angeles". The piece included multiplex holograms of individuals from Los Angeles reciting soundtracks of their experiences in the region against a constantly shifting holographic audio ambience. Other collaborators included physicist and holographer Lloyd Cross, holographer Sharon McCormack, artist Abbe Don and musician Chili Charles. The exhibition was held at the University of Southern California Atelier Gallery in Santa Monica. A catalog was published that included 3-D glasses. "The Peoples of Los Angeles" was reviewed in The Los Angeles Herald Examiner.<ref>Drohojowska, Hunter. "Holograms Document the Faces of America."  Los Angeles Herald Examiner' June 29, 1984.</ref> It was also reviewed in The Los Angeles Times.

Paragraph 3: Ravenholm is a fictional ghost town in the first-person shooter video game Half-Life 2, developed by Valve Corporation and released in 2004. It is the main setting for the game's sixth chapter, "We Don't Go to Ravenholm", which follows the game's protagonist, Gordon Freeman, as he journeys through the area in a nighttime escape from Black Mesa East after it is attacked by the Combine, in order to reach the coast. An Eastern European mining town destroyed by a Combine bombardment of ravenous alien headcrabs that turned its residents into hostile zombies, its sole survivor, Father Grigori, offers his assistance to Freeman throughout the level, culminating in a last stand.

Paragraph 4: His first work as an engineer was with the Carnegie Steel Company of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. For a period of three or four years, he was an engineer for the Pittsburgh Bridge Company, engaged in the drafting and construction department. He was sent to North Carolina as an engineer in connection with the construction of George W. Vanderbilt's mansion at Biltmore. Ashford was one of the unfortunate stampeders to the Kotzebue Sound area in 1898. At the time of the excitement caused by the report of the discovery of gold in this region, he and 27 others bought a schooner, in which they made the trip to the Arctic country. Ashford spent the winter of 1898 and 1899 on the Kobuk River, a short distance below Squirrel River. In the spring of 1899, the news of the Anvil strike having previously reached the Arctic slope, he started over the ice with two companions for Nome. They hauled their sleds and accomplished the long and arduous journey in a month's time. They left the Kobuk and started across Kotzebue Sound on May 1. This season was unusually late, and while crossing the ice of Kotzebue Sound they encountered extremely severe weather. On the third day out Dr. De France, one of their traveling companions, became exhausted and froze to death. They were ten days on the ice before they reached Cape Espenberg. After reaching the coast of the Bering Sea and crossing Port Clarence Bay, the season was pretty well advanced, it being the latter part of May, and the ice over the sea in many places was rotten and unsafe. At a place above Sinuk River two men, who were traveling with a dog team and following Ashford's party, narrowly escaped being drowned. The dog team, sledge and all of their supplies were lost by the breaking of the ice. Ashford said that when he arrived within 40 miles of Nome, he saw evidence of the "pencil and hatchet" miners. At this early date, the beach for this distance west of Nome was staked. He arrived at Nome May 31 and found a bustling, thriving mining camp. His most serious regret was that he did not have his surveying transit with him, as there was a pressing demand for the services of a surveyor and much work that he could have done if he had had his instruments. During the early part of this season, Ashford became associated with J. M. Davidson, and they did the first work of surveying and engineering that was ever done on Seward Peninsula. Ashford was one of the engineers of the Miocene Ditch Company, and was later connected with most of the important ditch enterprises of this region.

Paragraph 5: Piercy immediately went back into the studios to rerecord "One Rule" and "Dancing in the Shadows", the latter being released as a single and charting in the US with some success. Piercy started work on a new album called Free Heat (an anagram of After The Fire, with the missing letters creating the word "rift"). The album was recorded across the UK in various studios including The Manor and The Town House. The only single from the sessions was "8 Ball in the Top Pocket" (b-side "Deep Waters Still Run"), released on 7-inch and 12-inch. The latter also contained "One Down for the Highway", was deleted before release. Musicians who worked on the album with Piercy and Mal Pope included Roger Taylor (Queen), Heny Spinetti & Bob Jenkins - drums, John Giblin & Andy - bass, Alan Murphy & John Russell - guitar, Adrian Lee - keys. Mal and John Russell both did some backing vocals. The album consisted of the following tracks: "8 Ball in the Top Pocket", "Young Love", "Terry", "Stop Go", "4th Street Room 101", "Jewel in the Night", "We Gotta Get Out of This Place", "Young and Wild", "One Down for the Highway", and "Deep Waters Still Run". CBS had planned to make it the company's first release on CD. Work on the album had begun to get hard, the demos were not turning into the tracks Piercy wished for. Then towards the end of recording, the producer, John Eden, told Piercy that he "didn't like" any of the styles, bands or writers he was aspiring to. The whole project was dropped by CBS and was never released. Piercy recalls "I think they could have been good but I now realize I didn't get the production help and direction I needed at the time."

Paragraph 6: As Buschenhagen's cipher bureau was primary working on Russian ciphers, he jumped at the change of using Novopaschenny, but less so Fenner, who knew little of Russian ciphers. Fenner became interested in the Russian telegrams that Novopaschenny was working on, and with his interest piqued, began the process of discovering the field of cryptanalysis. He was now working under the guidance of his "teacher", Novopaschenny, a fruitful relationship, and together they were successful in breaking Russian military ciphers. Fenner's excellent command of the German and Russian languages worked to his advantage, while Novopaschenny, although an excellent cryptanalyst, spoke hardly any German. Buschenhagen was particularly impressed when the pair decrypted a Russian cipher that was beyond the skill of the cipher bureau's own 4 person Russian desk. In the autumn of 1922, he and Novopaschenny were not only officially taken into the employment of the cryptanalysis group of the Reichswehr (Chi-point) by Buschenhagen, but Fenner was also appointed as head of the cryptanalysis section and assigned a staff of eleven. Fenner was initially unimpressed by the cipher bureau personnel, output was modest with too narrow scope of operation, and cryptanalysts happy to decrypt three or four messages a day combined with lax work habits.  Within the next years Fenner changed the operation of his group significantly. From a chaotic assembly of creative "geniuses", he formed an analytical, systematic and disciplined unit of more, and more experienced, code breakers. In this process, Fenner introduced a uniform, clear technical terminology into the field of cryptanalysis, laying the groundwork for further successes by his new employer. His first action was introducing formal training, conducted personal lectures describing various types of cryptographic systems. His actions bore fruit, and the number of successfully decrypted messages increased steadily. The group also grew in numbers, and Fenner took the opportunity to train newcomers himself and transfer his own, now greatly developed, knowledge of cryptology to them. However, his growing leadership role caused him to start losing contact with the actual cryptanalytic work, and gained a reputation as a fearsome, arrogant pedant, which he dismissed as evidence the unit was being shaken out of its lethargy. By the mid 1920s, he had introduced a 90 training course for senior analysts which reviewed current systems and general principles. By the 1930s a fast track training course was introduced for talented newcomers that met twice a week and covered a two part course in cryptologic principles and practice.

Paragraph 7: The Federation starship Enterprise arrives at the volcanic planet of Excalbia to conduct a geological survey. Impossibly, sensors detect carbon-based life on the planet's surface. The image of Abraham Lincoln drifts toward the ship on the viewscreen. Though skeptical that the figure is the real president, Kirk extends full presidential honors as he transports aboard the ship. Lincoln is human, has no knowledge of technology past the 19th century, but is somehow familiar with the Vulcan philosophy of Nom (meaning "all"). Lincoln invites Kirk and Spock to accompany him down to the planet where an area has appeared with Earth-like conditions. Despite the possibility that the livable conditions are an illusion, Kirk accepts, reasoning that the Enterprises mission demands they accept any offer of contact with new life.

Paragraph 8: Tony, a disaffected London office clerk (Hancock) catches the train to Waterloo Station each morning as he has done for 14 years. In the city he sits as one of many identical clerks in a dull office. Each worker wears a bowler hat and carries an umbrella. One day his boss (John Le Mesurier) catches him drawing faces instead of working, and he is asked to step into his office. His ledgers are full of poor quality caricatures of fellow workers. He is told to take the afternoon off but does not. He leaves at exactly 5.30pm as does everyone else.

Paragraph 9: Sports medicine is a branch of medicine that deals with physical fitness and the treatment and prevention of injuries related to sports and exercise. Although most sports teams have employed team physicians for many years, it is only since the late 20th century that sports medicine emerged as a distinct field of health care. In some countries, sports medicine (or sport and exercise medicine) is a recognized medical specialty (with similar training and standards to other medical specialties). In the majority of countries where sports medicine is recognized and practiced, it is a physician (non-surgical) specialty, but in some (such as the USA), it can equally be a surgical or non-surgical medical specialty, and also a specialty field within primary care. In other contexts, the field of sports medicine encompasses the scope of both medical specialists and also allied health practitioners who work in the field of sport, such as physiotherapists, athletic trainers, podiatrists and exercise physiologists.

Paragraph 10: On the other hand, Avni earns the enmity of MLA Vikramjeet Bisht, who runs a taxi service called Super. He floods the roads with his cabs to expand his business. When the bus service association raises an objection, he sets fire to one of the buses, killing 40 people. Avni takes action against Vikramjit and seizes his illegal cabs, which enrages Vikramjit and goes to RTO office to kill her. At the same moment, Adi (who has learnt Avni's sacrifices for his sake) thrashes him in public and warns him. Soon, Nikki's father denies Avni's marriage proposal of Adi and Nikki due to Adi's enmity to Vikramjeet. Avni takes Adi to Vikramjeet's house and makes him apologise to Vikramjeet for his action. But, Adi and Vikramjeet agree to bet on Avni's life without letting anyone know about this. Vikram challenges Adi that he will get Avni killed within six days. Vikramjeet plans various strategies to murder Avni, but Adi intelligently rescues her. Vikramjeet secretly invites Raman in Dhamli to stop Adi from sending Avni to Banglore. The next day after their second marriage anniversary celebration, Avni goes missing. Meanwhile, Vikramjeet secretly Kidnaps Raman and hides him in one of his four cabs which Avni seized. Adi rushes to Vikramjeet's house to ask Avni's whereabouts but to his surprise Vikramjeet himself is unaware of Avni's missing. Surprising everyone, Avni in police uniform comes along with a police force. Actually, Avni is an IPS officer who is assigned on a secret mission to collect proof against Vikramjeet for his misdeeds. They already collected the footage of Vikramjeet killing a retired major which can be used against him in court and the reason of his suspension from upcoming MLA election. Soon, the video is spread into the media. Unable to accept his defeat, Vikramjeet shoots himself revealing Raman's Kidnap but doesn't say where he is captivated as he thinks losing Raman will be Adi and Avni's biggest loss and his biggest victory. Soon, he is taken to the hospital but is shifted to coma. Adi finally figures out Raman's location and saves him with the help of Avni. Adi and Nikki get reunited. At the end credit, the whole family is enjoying and laughing at Adi as Avni again refuses to replace Adi to a maid to do house chores. A mid-credit scene shows Vikramjeet's eyes opening up as the screen cuts to black.

Paragraph 11: After breaking into the Somerset side batting at number four, Abell spent the 2015 season as Marcus Trescothick's regular opening partner. His season began poorly with a second ball duck in Somerset's opening match against the Durham MCC University side. Having missed games during the early part of the season due to university commitments, Abell made his first half-century of the season against defending champions Yorkshire, on 25 May 2015, he also took his maiden first-class wicket in the match having Yorkshire bowler Jack Brooks caught behind for 24, he ended the innings with bowling analysis of 1/11 from 4.4 overs. In early June 2015, Abell was awarded a new four-year contract extension with Somerset. On 15 June 2015, Abell carried his bat through Somerset's innings against Nottinghamshire scoring 76 from 150 balls out of the Somerset's total of 200. Abell also scored a further half century in Somerset's successful fourth innings chase of 401, the second highest in the county's history, to record his first victory in a Somerset shirt. He followed this up with a further half century away at Hampshire in Somerset's next Championship game, and scored an unbeaten 21 to guide Somerset to a nine-wicket victory. On 29 July 2015, Abell made his list A debut for Somerset against Durham, scoring 23 in Somerset's seven wicket defeat. He made his maiden list A half century against Yorkshire, scoring 80 from 112 balls as Somerset chased down 178 to win by six wickets. Somerset were knocked out of the 2015 Royal London One-Day Cup in the group stage, with Abell scoring 202 runs in the competition at an average of 33. Having suffered a number of near misses, Abell scored his maiden first-class century for Somerset against Hampshire, on 10 September 2015. He scored 131 from 203 balls, in a partnership of 272 with Marcus Trescothick. At the end of the 2015 season Abell won the LV= Breakthrough Player Award, for his performances in the County Championship. He ended the season with 726 runs in the Championship at an average of 36, with one century and five half centuries. Abell spent the 2015–16 winter playing grade cricket for Fremantle District Cricket Club in Western Australia, and had a highly successful winter twice winning the Kookaburra player of the round award, in total across all formats he scored 641 runs at an average of 40 while he took 21 wickets with the ball at an average of 18.

Paragraph 12: Dissonance is more generally defined by the amount of beating between partials (called harmonics or overtones when occurring in harmonic timbres),( Terhardt calls this "sensory dissonance". By this definition, dissonance is dependent not only on the width of the interval between two notes' fundamental frequencies, but also on the widths of the intervals between the two notes' non-fundamental partials. Sensory dissonance (i.e., presence of beating or roughness in a sound) is associated with the inner ear's inability to fully resolve spectral components with excitation patterns whose critical bands overlap. If two pure sine waves, without harmonics, are played together, people tend to perceive maximum dissonance when the frequencies are within the critical band for those frequencies, which is as wide as a minor third for low frequencies and as narrow as a minor second for high frequencies (relative to the range of human hearing). If harmonic tones with larger intervals are played, the perceived dissonance is due, at least in part, to the presence of intervals between the harmonics of the two notes that fall within the critical band. The sensory consonance or dissonance of any given interval, in any given tuning, can be adjusted by adjusting the partials in the timbre to be maximally aligned or mis-alinged, respectively, with the notes of the related tuning.

Paragraph 13: 'The Day After Tomorrow (October 1950)Amazing Adele (September 1950) – Westport Country PlayhouseReview of play at VarietyThe Importance of Being Earnest (June 1951) – Santa Monica dinner theatre with Jane DarwellBroadway Bill (Aug 1952) – Pasadena PlayhouseCandida (April–May 1952) – US tour then National Theatre New York – with Olivia de HavillandSweet Peril (December 1952) – London – with Michael Denison and Dulcie GrayReview of play at VarietyYou Never Can Tell (August 1953) – La Jolla PlayhouseThe Fifth Season (Feb-May 1954) – tour of UK then Cambridge Theatre, LondonSabrina Fair (August-Nov 1954) – national tour of EnglandThe Caine Mutiny Court Martial (March–May 1955) – Australian tourFavonia (July 1956) – UK tourThe World of Suzie Wong (Oct 1958–Jan 1960) – Broadhurst Theatre and 54th St Theatre, New York – 508 performancesReview of Broadway show at VarietyMary, Mary (1963) – Queens Theatre, London – with Maggie SmithThere's a Girl in My Soup (May-Oct 1967) – Australian tourCome Live with Me (Feb 1971) – Philip St Theatre, SydneyButley (Oct 1972–Feb 73) – Morosco Theatre, New York – standby for Alan BatesChampagne Complex (1974) – Macleay Theatre, Potts Point, NSWSherlock Holmes (Feb 1975–Jan 76) – Broadhurst Theatre, New York – joined cast during runMrs Warren's Profession (Feb-April 1976) – Vivian Beaumont Theatre, New York – with Lynn RedgraveNo Man's Land (Nov-Dec 1976) – Longacre Theatre, New York – standby player for Ralph RichardsonMeasure for Measure (1976) – New YorkTunnel Fever (May 1979) – New YorkBent (Dec 1979–June 1980) – New Apollo Theatre, New York – with Richard Gere, ran 241 performancesMeasure for Measure (July 1981) – San DiegoDuet for One (Dec 1981–Jan 82) – Royale Theatre, New York – standby player for Max von SydowGhosts (June 1982) – Adelphi FestivalRobert and Elizabeth (October 1982) – Paper Mill Playhouse, Milburn, New JerseyThe Patrick Pease Motel (March 1984) – Riverwest Theatre, New YorkManoeuvres (April 1985) – South St Theatre, New YorkCandida in Concert (April 1985) – a one off readingSwan Song (November 1986) – Mazur Theatre, New YorkMan for all Seasons (Jan 1987)Rozencrantz and Guilderstern are Dead (May 1987) – off Broadway, New York – as PoloniusKing Lear (Nov 1990) – with Hal HolbrookBrigadoon (Nov 1991) – New York State TheatreThe School for Scandal (Nov-Dec 1995) – Lyceum Theatre, New York – with Tony Randall

Paragraph 14: The administrative distance (AD) value is assigned by the router on a per-protocol basis. Routers, by design, should not install multiple routes into the routing table as this has the potential to cause routing loops. While a router may run multiple routing protocols on the same device, it is necessary for the router to implement a process to ensure that multiple routes, pointing to the same destination do not simultaneously exist in the routing table. Each process running on a router advertises its administrative distance value to the local router. The router uses this value to determine which route should be used. Once a route has been selected, the routing information database is updated. If two routes have the same administrative distance, the router uses its vendor-specific algorithm to determine which route should be installed. Cisco routers simply ignore the values and fall back to the default values, which are never the same.

Paragraph 15: There are around 200 of these fragments, each the size of a handspan or larger, making Portmahomack one of the major centres of rediscovered Pictish art.  Nineteen pieces were found in and around the churchyard before 1994, and the remainder were found during formal archaeological investigations by the University of York between 1994 and 2007 Tarbat Discovery Programme. The excavation director, Martin Carver has proposed that the majority of the carved pieces originated in four monumental crosses or cross-slabs of exceptional size and elaboration, placed around the site of St Colman's Church. One of these (TR1) carried four Pictish symbols, a second (TR2) had snake-headed interlace. A third (TR10, 20), features images of a complex beast and a row of apostles carrying books. This same stone originally carried along one edge a Latin inscription, IN NOMINE IHU XRI CRUX XRI IN  COMMEMORATIONE REO... LII... DIE HAC... commemorating an unknown person. The fourth cross was covered in spiral and interlace ornament. Another large fragment, the so-called Boar Stone, has been identified as a sarcophagus lid with images of a boar and a wolf-like creature. Yet another fragment, the so-called Calf Stone, appears to belong to a shrine or screen. It depicts a bull and a cow tending to their calf. Other pieces from Portmahomack have been recognised as grave markers, incised with simple crosses. These are comparable to examples known from Iona and other early Christian sites in Argyll and western Scotland. Much of the Portmahomack sculpture has been assigned by radiocarbon dating of the layer in which it was found to the 8th century. Artistically, it has points of contact with sculpture in Iona and Northumbria, but its closest affiliation is with the great cross-slabs on other parts of the Tarbat peninsula, namely those at Hilton of Cadboll, Shandwick and Nigg, which one may perhaps assume were created by a school of masons centred on Tarbat.  Together they demonstrate that the Tarbat peninsula was a prime centre of 8th-century European art.

Paragraph 16: As Greek and English New Testaments shifted back to the "Junia" reading, some modern interpreters sought to question whether the passage really describes Junia as an apostle. While the Greek of Romans 16:7 has often been translated as Junia having been "outstanding among the apostles", which is an inclusive reading that numbers Junia among the apostolic body, some have recently suggested that the Greek warrants the exclusive reading of Junia being "well known to the apostles", therefore excluding Junia from being an apostle. The latter reading is found in some translations today including the ESV. An example where an analogous Greek construction is used in an exclusive sense is found in Euripides' Hippolytus 103, where the goddess Aphrodite is "famous among mortals," although not mortal herself. However, Linda Belleville has noted that (1) this is the only known example where a Greek construction is used in this sense (2) it comes five centuries prior to the writing of Paul (3) its relevance is called into question by the fact it comes from "a time when 'episemos' had not yet acquired a comparative sense." An argument for the ESV translation appeared in a 2001 paper by Michael Burer and Daniel Wallace who agree that Junia was a woman but assert that the correct rendition of the Greek text places her as well known to the apostles rather than prominent among the apostles. That translation would indicate that the pair were not apostles, but that they enjoyed a high reputation among the apostles. This rejection of Junia's apostolic status has been criticized by Linda Belleville, Richard Bauckham, and Eldon Epp. Among other things, Burer and Wallace were criticized for using a small sample size and for often including evidence from grammatical constructions that did not support their case; it was also noted that the more standard reading of the passage's Greek was never questioned until the verse was once again understood to contain a woman. Belleville has marshalled similar grammatical constructions to the one in Romans 16:7 showing consistence with an inclusive reading, such as "But you, Bethlehem, in the land of Judah, are by no means least among the rulers of Judah" (Matt. 2:6; cf. Acts 4:34; 1 Peter 5:1). A common argument among Belleville, Bauckham, and Epp is that all native speakers of koine Greek in the earliest years of Christianity read Paul's letter as describing Junia as an apostle. Bauckham writes that "writers such as Origen and John Chrysostom were educated native speakers of Greek. They had no reason for thinking Andronicus and Junia to be apostles other than supposing this to be the meaning of Paul’s Greek." More recently, developing considerations made by Bauckham and Jewett<ref>Robert Jewett, Romans: A Commentary, Hermeneia (2006), pg. 59</ref> on Paul describing Junia as being a follower of Christ before him, and raising further discussion on Paul's views on apostolic legitimacy, Yii-Jan Lin has additionally argued for Junia's apostolic status.

Paragraph 17: For most of its existence, KGO-TV was the only network-owned television station in the Bay Area, even throughout the time when ABC underwent ownership changes: Capital Cities Communications bought out ABC and merged with the network in 1985, the combined company Capital Cities/ABC was then sold to The Walt Disney Company in 1996. As such, the station did not heavily preempt network programming unlike its local competitors or its sister stations—such as Philadelphia's WPVI-TV, Houston's KTRK-TV and Fresno's KFSN-TV—which were known for doing so in those days (as of 2007, some exceptions to this policy may be made when breaking news events or selected ABC Sports programs warrant exclusive coverage, in which case independent station KOFY-TV (channel 20), may pick up the pre-empted ABC programming scheduled for the time period). The distinction of being the Bay Area's only O&O station ended in 1995 when several other stations in the San Francisco-Oakland market became network-owned stations over the next twenty years—including KBHK (now KBCW) becoming a charter member of UPN (in which the station's then-owner was a partner) in 1995, KPIX becoming a CBS O&O with the network's 1995 merger with Westinghouse, KNTV becoming an NBC O&O in 2002 after being bought by the network after it disaffiliated from KRON-TV, and KTVU becoming a Fox O&O in 2015 after being acquired by the network alongside sister station KICU-TV a year prior (although KICU remains an independent station due to KRON-TV's affiliation with MyNetworkTV). After ABC sold Detroit's WXYZ-TV to Scripps–Howard Broadcasting in 1986 as part of the Capital Cities/ABC merger, KGO-TV went on to be the longest-serving ABC O&O outside of New York, Los Angeles and Chicago.

Paragraph 18: The police dashcam video shows that 40 seconds elapsed between when Yanez first started talking to Castile through the car window and when Yanez began shooting at him. According to the dashcam, after Yanez asked for Castile's driver's license and proof of insurance, Castile gave him his proof of insurance card, which Yanez appeared to glance at and tuck in his outer pocket. Castile then calmly informed Yanez, "Sir, I have to tell you that I do have a firearm on me." Quoting the Star Tribune description of the next 13 seconds of the video: Before Castile completed the sentence, Yanez interrupted and calmly replied, "OK," and placed his right hand on the holster of his own holstered weapon. Yanez said, "Okay, don't reach for it, then ... don't pull it out." Castile responded, "I'm not pulling it out," and Reynolds also said, "He's not pulling it out." Yanez repeated, raising his voice, "Don't pull it out!" as he quickly pulled his own gun with his right hand and reached inside the driver's window with his left hand. Reynolds screamed, "No!" Yanez removed his left arm from the car and fired seven shots in the direction of Castile in rapid succession. Reynolds yelled, "You just killed my boyfriend!" Castile moaned and said, "I wasn't reaching for it." Reynolds loudly said, "He wasn't reaching for it." Before she completed her sentence, Yanez again screamed, "Don't pull it out!" Reynolds responded, "He wasn't." Yanez yelled, "Don't move! Fuck!" Of the seven shots fired by Yanez at point blank range, five hit Castile and two of those pierced his heart. Events immediately after the shooting were streamed live in a 10-minute video by Reynolds via Facebook. The recording appears to begin seconds after Castile was shot, just after 9:00 p.m. CDT. The video depicts Castile slumped over, moaning and moving slightly, with a bloodied left arm and side. In the video, Reynolds is speaking with Yanez and explaining what happened. Reynolds stated on the video that Yanez "asked him for license and registration. He told him that it was in his wallet, but he had a pistol on him because he's licensed to carry." Castile did have a license to carry a gun. Reynolds further narrated that the officer said, "Don't move" and as Castile was putting his hands back up, the officer shot him in the arm four or five times. Reynolds told the officer, "You shot four bullets into him, sir. He was just getting his license and registration, sir." Reynolds also said "Please don't tell me he's dead", while Yanez exclaimed: "I told him not to reach for it! I told him to get his hand open!"

Paragraph 19: The history of Cairo begins, in essence, with the conquest of Egypt by Muslim Arabs in 640, under the commander 'Amr ibn al-'As. Although Alexandria was the capital of Egypt at that time (and had been throughout the Ptolemaic, Roman, and Byzantine periods), the Arab conquerors decided to establish a new city called Fustat to serve as the administrative capital and military garrison center of Egypt. The new city was located near a Roman-Byzantine fortress known as Babylon on the shores of the Nile (now located in Old Cairo), southwest of the later site of Cairo proper (see below). The choice of this location may have been due to several factors, including its slightly closer proximity to Arabia and Mecca, the fear of strong remaining Christian and Hellenistic influence in Alexandria, and Alexandria's vulnerability to Byzantine counteroffensives arriving by sea (which did indeed occur). Perhaps even more importantly, the location of Fustat at the intersection of Lower Egypt (the Nile Delta) and Upper Egypt (the Nile Valley further south) made it a strategic place from which to control a country that was centered on the Nile river, much as the Ancient Egyptian city of Memphis (located just south of Cairo today) had done. (The pattern of founding new garrison cities inland was also one that was repeated throughout the Arab conquests, with other examples such as Qayrawan in Tunisia or Kufa in Iraq.) The foundation of Fustat was also accompanied by the foundation of Egypt's (and Africa's) first mosque, the Mosque of 'Amr ibn al-'As, which has been much rebuilt over the centuries but still exists today.

Paragraph 20: The organisation was founded in 1923 under the leadership of Docho Mihaylov and on the basis of the Great Convention of Dobruja (Велик добруджански събор), a Bulgarian political organisation established in 1919 to fight against Romanian rule in Southern Dobruja. The IDRO detachments fought against the widespread brigandage in the region, as well as the Romanian administration in the region. Like the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation in Macedonia and the Internal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation in Thrace, IDRO demanded political autonomy of Dobruja under the mandate of the League of Nations raising the slogan for the establishment of an "autonomous Dobruja" under the supervision of the League of Nations and "Dobruja for the Dobrujans".

Paragraph 21: As the sole tracer, the properties of SPIONs are of key importance to the signal intensity and resolution of MPI. Iron oxide nanoparticles, due to their magnetic dipoles, exhibit a spontaneous magnetization that can be controlled by an applied magnetic field. Therefore, the performance of SPIONs in MPI is critically dependent on their magnetic properties, such as saturation magnetization, magnetic diameter, and relaxation mechanism. Upon application of an external magnetic field, the relaxation of SPIONs can be governed by two mechanisms, Néel, and Brownian relaxation. When the entire particle rotates with respect to the environment, it is following Brownian relaxation, which is affected by the physical diameter. When only the magnetic dipole rotates within the particles, the mechanism is called Néel relaxation, which is affected by the magnetic diameter. According to the Langevin model of superparamagnetism, the spatial resolution of MPI should improve cubically with the magnetics diameter, which can be obtained by fitting magnetization versus magnetic field curve to a Langevin model. However, more recent calculations suggest that there exists an optimal SPIONs magnetic size range (~26 nm) for MPI. This is because of blurring caused by Brownian relaxation of large magnetics size SPIONs. Although magnetic size critically affects the MPI performance, it is often poorly analyzed in publications reporting applications of MPI using SPIONs. Often, commercially available tracers or home-made tracers are used without thorough magnetic characterization. Importantly, due to spin canting and disorder at the surface, or due to the formation of mixed-phase nanoparticles, the equivalent magnetic diameter can be smaller than the physical diameter. And magnetic diameter is critical because of the response of particles to an applied magnetic field dependent on the magnetic diameter, not physical diameter. The largest equivalent magnetic diameter can be the same as the physical diameter. A recent review paper by Chandrasekharan et al. summarizes properties of various iron oxide contrast agents and their MPI performance measured using their in-house Magnetic Particle Spectrometer, shown in the picture here. It should be pointed out that the core diameter listed in the table is not necessarily the magnetic diameter. The table provides a comparison of all current published SPIONs for MPI contrast agents. As seen in the table, LS017, with a SPION core size of 28.7 nm and synthesized through heating up thermal decomposition with post-synthesis oxidation, has the best resolution compared with others with lower core size.

Paragraph 22: He made his professional regular season debut and first career start in the Carolina Panthers’ season-opener against the New Orleans Saints and recorded five combined tackles during their 23–20 loss. Davis struggled during their loss against the Saints and was demoted to backup strong safety behind Marlon McCree for the following game. On September 18, 2005, Davis recorded two solo tackles and made his first career sack in a 27–17 victory against the New England Patriots in Week 2. Davis sacked Patriots’ quarterback Tom Brady for a ten-yard loss during the second quarter. On December 4, 2005, Davis played as an outside linebacker against the Atlanta Falcons and was used as a quarterback spy to contain Falcons’ quarterback Michael Vick. Davis was instrumental in the Panthers’ 24–6 victory against Atlanta, making four combined tackles and being credited with half a sack. Davis and strong safety Mike Minter lined up in the box and were used to contain Vick as the Panthers defeated the Falcons for the first time in franchise history since the latter had drafted Vick in 2001. In Week 17, Davis collected a season-high five solo tackles during a 44–41 victory at the Falcons. He finished his rookie season in 2005 with 38 combined tackles (31 solo) and 1.5 sacks in 16 games and one start.

Paragraph 23: Its initial rise and fall notwithstanding, the Birney car was useful and durable, and many were shipped to streetcar systems in other countries, especially ones located in smaller cities and towns, where they served for additional decades.  For example, the city of Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, bought up Birneys secondhand from other systems (including 22 acquired from the Toronto Transportation Commission (TTC) and five from Bakersfield and Kern Electric Railway) across North America to build an "all-Birney fleet" and keep its streetcar system going in the difficult years of the Great Depression and World War II, finally retiring its last car in 1949. The Toronto Civic Railways operated 25 Birney cars in Toronto from 1920 to 1921 when the TTC took over the TCR and continued operating the cars until 1940 (remaining 14 cars were sold to Halifax excluding 3 sold to Cornwall in 1926 and 8 to Halifax in 1927).

Paragraph 24: Although the R33S cars were later referred to as Redbirds, the cars were originally painted in a light turquoise blue and white upon delivery. This "Bluebird" paint color scheme was used until the mid-1970s when they were painted in the silver/blue MTA livery. Then, they were painted a full white (roof, bonnets, sides were all painted white) from 1981 to 1982 to combat graffiti; since the white paint was a Teflon-based paint, the graffiti did not stick to it very well. The look was abandoned for the famous Redbird style. The Redbirds were painted between 1984 and 1989 to a deep maroon red body, black front bonnets and anti-climbers, and a silver roof.

Paragraph 25: SnakesC. ahaetullae - Long nosed vine snake (Ahaetulla nasuta), Oriental whipsnake (Ahaetulla prasina)C. barnardae - Malagasy colubrid (Liopholidophis stumpffi)C. bengalensis - Rainbow water snake (Enhydris enhydris)C. bigenetica - Timber rattlesnake (Crotalus horridus)C. bothriechis - Guatemalan palm viper (Bothriechis aurifer)C. brygooi -  Madagascar cat eye snake (Madagascarophis colubrinus)C. brasiliensis - Nuazo (Leimadophis poecilogyrus schotti), Brazilian green racer (Philodryas aestivus), Culebra (Philodryas nattarei), Mboi-obi (Philodryas olfersi)C. carajasensis - False coral (Oxyrhopus petola digitalis)C. choctawensis - Flathead snake (Tantilla gracilis)C. cobrae - Indian cobra (Naja naja)C. colubris - Dwarf colubrid (Eirenis decemlineata), Horseshoe snake (Hemorrhois hippocrepis), Large whip snake (Hierophis jugularis), Western whip snake (Hierophis viridiflavus)C. coniophanis - Black striped snake (Coniophanes imperialis)C. conophae - Road guarder snake (Conophis lineatus)C. constancieae - Amazonian coral snake (Micrurus spixii spixii)C. corallae - Emerald tree boa (Corallus caninus) C. demansiae - Yellow faced whip snake (Demansia psammophis)C. dendrelaphis - Common tree snake (Dendrelaphis punctulatus)C. durelli - Round Island boa (Casarea dussumieri)C. duszynskii - Corn snake (Elaphe guttata guttata), Red corn snake (Elaphe guttata emoryi), Texas rat snake (Elaphe obsoleta lindheimeri), Black rat snake (Elaphe obsoleta obsoleta) Prairie kingsnake (Lampropeltis calligaster calligaster)C. epicrati - Rainbow boa (Epicrates cenchria cenchria)C. gracilis - Flat headed snake (Tantilla gracilis)C. guatemalensis - Milk snake (Lampropeltis triangulum)C. hermae - Boaedon fuligenosus, Western striped sand snake (Psammophis phillipsi)C. heterodermus - Variable green snake (Philothamnus heterodermus)C. japonicum - Tiger keelback (Rhabdophis tigrinus)C. jararacae - Coffee palm viper (Bothriechis lateralis), Fer-de-lance (Bothrops atrox),  Jararaca (Bothrops jararaca)C. kalimantanensis - Mangrove snake (Boiga dendrophila)C. lampropeltis - Prairie kingsnake (Lampropeltis calligaster), Eastern kingsnake (Lampropeltis getula), Milk snake (Lampropeltis triangulum)C. legeri - Sand snake (Psammophis sibilans sibilans)C. maculatus - Spotted night adder (Causus maculatus)C. madagascariensis - Madagascar cat eye snake (Madagascarophis colubrinus), Malagasy colubrid (Mimophis mahfalensis)C. masticophis - Eastern racer (Coluber constrictor), Masticophis flagellumC. matatu - Horned bush viper (Atheris ceratophorus)C. maxima - Saw scaled viper (Echis carinatus)C. mayorum - Road guarder snake (Conophis lineatus)C. micruri - Amazonian coral snake (Micrurus spixii spixii)C. minuta - Madagascar hognose snake (Leioheterodon madagascariensis)C. najae - Red spitting cobra (Naja pallida)C. najadae - Dahl's whip snake (Coluber najadum)C. paraensis - False coral (Oxyrhopus petola digitalis)C. peruensis - Argentine vine snake (Xenoxybelis argenteus)C. psammophi - Brown House Snake (Boaedon fuligenosus), Olive sand snake (Psammophis phillipsi)C. pseustesi - Yellow bellied puffing snake (Pseustes sulphureus sulphureus)C. regentensis - Eastern green mamba (Dendroaspis angusticeps), Western green mamba (Dendroaspis viridis)C. relictae - Florida crowned snake (Tantilla relicta)C. saudiarabiensis - African carpet viper (Echis carinatus)C. serpentis - Madagascar hognose snake (Leioheterodon madagascariensis), Madagascar cat-eye snake (Madagascarophis colubrinus), Madagascar colubrid (Mimophis mahfalensis)C. simplex - Russell's viper (Daboia russelli), Horned viper (Vipera ammodytes), European asp (Vipera aspis), Common European adder (Vipera berus), Kaznakov's viper (Vipera kaznakovi), Palestine viper (Vipera palaestinae), Ottoman viper (Montivipera xanthina xanthina)C. tantillae - Florida crowned snake (Tantilla relicta)C. telescopis - European cat snake (Telescopus fallax)C. veselyi - Long nosed whip snake (Ahaetulla nasuta)C. weyerae - Brown House Snake (Boaedon fuligenosus), Olive sand snake (Psammophis phillipsi)C. zacapensis - Neotropical whip snake (Masticophis mentovarius)

Paragraph 26: Bolstered by the younger players, the Thistles finished second in the Manitoba intermediate league in 1899–1900. They won the league title in 1900–01, greatly outscoring their opponents. When the team started the 1901–02 season with a lopsided 12–0 victory, the club's executives became concerned. They felt if the games were not competitive people would not come to watch them, resulting in less revenue. Believing the team was strong enough to move up, they applied to join the senior Manitoba Hockey Association, which had two teams that season, both in Winnipeg: the Victorias and the Winnipeg Rowing Club. To prove they could compete, the Thistles played an exhibition match against the Victorias, one of the best teams in Canada, and a previous winner of the Stanley Cup, the championship trophy of ice hockey in Canada. The Thistles fared well in the match, but the two Winnipeg teams decided against allowing them to join the league, arguing the Thistles applied too late in the season. Returning to the intermediate league, the Thistles, weakened by injuries to several players, finished in a tie for second overall. After the season ended Tommy Phillips, one of the best players on the Thistles, moved to Montreal to attend McGill University.

Paragraph 27: Mound No. 2 is located on the western side of the plaza. It is  across from north to south, and  across east to west. At the time of excavation it reached  high. Less than one-fifth of the area of the mound was excavated; because of this, it is impossible to know the number of structures constructed upon it.  The mound was raised in four stages. The first level, at the base of the mound, was the original ground surface of the soil.  In this layer, archaeologists discovered a fire bed filled with ashes and broken animal bones, indicating that a structure had existed there before the mound was built over top of it. After the house was torn down, the  high mound was constructed in its place. On the second level there is evidence that at least one building, and probably more, were constructed. The floor of this structure was packed down and layered with stone slabs, much like pavement. A small pile of maize and maize meal were also found. In the southwestern segment of the mound were found the ruins of a structure, named by Myer the "Sacred Image House" because among the items found were the remains of a sacred idol, a shrine, and traces of fire ceremonies. After the buildings were torn down the mound was raised a few more inches for the third construction level. Many items were found on this level, such as a metate and muller, arrowheads, shell tempered pottery, multiple fire beds, and objects made from deer bones. However, the most important was a structure dubbed the "House of Mysteries". The building was an important civic structure, probably used for sacred rites and town gatherings, and had two rooms. Myers described the floor as being made of "black, glossy earth". The walls and roof of the building were built using the cane matting technique and an arched roof. The woven cane matting was then covered inside and outside with a coating of clay plaster known as wattle and daub. Inside the building was an altar, complete with an oval altar bowl. The bowl, filled with white, powdery ashes, was made of fired red clay. The fire was allowed to burn without being put out. The structure was eventually destroyed by fire. Mound No. 2 was in constant cultivation for at least 85 years, and as a result, only limited structural evidence exists for the final stage. However, numerous postholes indicate that there was a building constructed atop the mound during this phase. It is also important to note that a few burials from the later group of rectangular stone grave people were found close to the surface of Mound No. 2. These were discovered in 1895, when the farmer who owned the land plowed over them and decided to take a closer look.

Paragraph 28: On 20 July, the German divisions within the pocket attempted a breakout which failed partly because the rain in the previous day had made the roads impassable for the armour of III Panzer Corps which was striking north to relieve the entrapped forces despite early successes. By this point the Division's 30 and 31st regiments were destroyed in fighting. A second German breakout attempt that began at 1:00 am on 21 July ended in failure.  to the west of the pocket, however, a German Panzergrenadier regiment actually called the '8 Panzer Division' broke through Soviet lines and briefly established contact with the Brody pocket, resulting in a message sent at 19.07 hrs on 21 July from XXXXVIII.Pz.Kps to 1 Panzer Army reporting "5,000 men from XIII.AK. having been rescued" – followed by a second message sent on 23 July reporting 8–10,000 men and finally on 26 July 8. Panzer Division reported it had "picked up approximately 15,000 soldiers", including approximately 400 Galicians, before being repulsed. By the end of that day, in the face of overwhelming Soviet attacks, the 14th Division as a whole disintegrated. Late on 19 July its German commander, Fritz Freitag, resigned his command and was called in for service with XIII.A.K. staff. Command of the division was then given to General Lindemann the commander of the 361.Inf.div. Freitag remained with the Corps staff and did not form a battle group and head south Some Ukrainian assault groups remained intact, others joined German units, and others fled or melted away. The Ukrainian 14th SS Fusilier battalion, which at this point had also largely disintegrated, came to form the rearguard of what was left of the entire 13th Corps. Holding the town of Bilyi Kamin, it enabled units or stragglers to escape to the south and was able to withstand several Soviet attempts to overwhelm it. By the evening of 21 July, it remained the only intact unit north of the Bug River even though several of its former members for example Mykola Fylypovych recorded that 'by 19 July there was chaos in the fusilier battalion no command, no orders, no ammunition'.

Paragraph 29: Vickers pioneered the use of common rail injection in submarine engines. Vickers engines with the common rail fuel system were first used in 1916 in the G-class submarines. It used four plunger pumps to deliver a pressure up to  every 90° of rotation to keep the fuel pressure adequately constant in the rail. Fuel delivery to individual cylinders could be shut off by valves in the injector lines. Doxford Engines used a common rail system in their opposed-piston marine engines from 1921 to 1980, where a multicylinder reciprocating fuel pump generated a pressure around , with the fuel being stored in accumulator bottles.  Pressure control was achieved by an adjustable pump discharge stroke and a "spill valve".  Camshaft-operated mechanical timing valves were used to supply the spring-loaded Brice/CAV/Lucas injectors, which injected through the side of the cylinder into the chamber formed between the pistons. Early engines had a pair of timing cams, one for ahead running and one for astern. Later engines had two injectors per cylinder, and the final series of constant-pressure turbocharged engines was fitted with four injectors per cylinder. This system was used for the injection of both diesel and heavy fuel oil (600cSt heated to a temperature near 130 °C).

Paragraph 30: Details of his early life are unavailable; it is not even known where he was born.  The first record of Donato is as a singer at St. Mark's in Venice in 1550, and he was given charge of the musical training of the boys there in 1562.  When Gioseffo Zarlino took over the post of maestro di cappella from Cipriano de Rore in 1565, Donato was demoted back to being a singer; conflict between the two men seems to have been a feature of life at St. Mark's, culminating in a climactic fight in 1569, publicly and scandalously, during the Feast of St. Mark.  In 1577 Donato took a position at the Scuola Grande di S Rocco, another Venetian church with an impressive musical tradition and substantial performing ensemble; however he failed to get along with his employers there as well, resigning by 1580.  In 1588 he became assistant maestro di cappella at St. Mark's, while Zarlino was still alive (whether because of reconcilement or politics is not clear), and in 1590 he took over the post of his former antagonist, holding it until his death in 1603.