Paragraph 1:  Lead (Pb): In the mid-1970s, lead was listed as a criteria air pollutant that required NAAQS regulation.  In 1977, the EPA published a document which detailed the Air Quality Criteria for lead.  This document was based on the scientific assessments of lead at the time.  Based on this report (1977 Lead AQCD), the EPA established a "1.5 µg/m3 (maximum quarterly calendar average) Pb NAAQS in 1978." The Clean Air Act requires periodic review of NAAQS, and new scientific data published after 1977 made it necessary to revise the standards previously established in the 1977 Lead AQCD document.  An Addendum to the document was published in 1986 and then again as a Supplement to the 1986 AQCD/Addendum in 1990. In 1990, a Lead Staff Paper was prepared by the EPA's Office of Air Quality Planning and Standards (OPQPS), which was based on information presented in the 1986 Lead/AQCD/Addendum and 1990 Supplement, in addition to other OAQPS sponsored lead exposure/risk analyses.  In this paper, it was proposed that the Pb NAAQS be revised further and presented options for revision to the EPA.  The EPA elected to not modify the Pb NAAQS further, but decided to instead focus on the 1991 U.S. EPA Strategy for Reducing Lead Exposure.  The EPA concentrated on regulatory and remedial clean-up efforts to minimize Pb exposure from numerous non-air sources that caused more severe public health risks, and undertook actions to reduce air emissions.

Paragraph 2: The varsity football program at the University of Arizona began in 1899, though the Wildcats nickname was not adopted until later. Stuart Forbes became the first head coach of Arizona football history and the team compiled a 1–1–1 record. From 1900 to 1901, William W. Skinner served as head football coach at the University of Arizona. While there, he also studied geology. He guided Arizona to 3–1 and 4–1 records, respectively. On November 7, 1914, the team traveled to the west coast to play Occidental, then one of the reigning gridiron powers in California. Occidental won 14–0. Arizona later received the name "Wildcats" after a Los Angeles Times correspondent, Bill Henry, wrote that "The Arizona men showed the fight of wildcats". Pop McKale was a very successful high school coach in the Tucson area when he was hired at UA. In 1921, Drop-kicker/receiver Harold "Nosey" McClellan led the nation in scoring with 124 points. Wildcats finished the regular season 7–1, and were invited to UA's first bowl game, the East-West Christmas Classic in San Diego, to play powerhouse Centre College of Kentucky; Arizona lost the game 38–0. The Wildcats did not compete in football in 1918 due to World War I. On October 18, 1926, UA quarterback and student body president John "Button" Salmon died from injuries sustained in a car wreck. His final words, spoken to coach "Pop" McKale, were: "Tell them.....tell the team to Bear Down." Soon thereafter, the UA student body adopted "Bear Down" as the school's athletic motto. On October 18, 1929, Arizona opened up Arizona Stadium for college football play. They won their first game against Caltech with a shutout score of 25–0. McKale retired after sixteen seasons at Arizona. The McKale Center, the University of Arizona's home basketball venue, was opened in 1973 and named in McKale's honor. vFred Enke replaced McKale as head coach of the Wildcats and in one season as head coach, he posted a record of 3–5–1 before getting demoted to assistant coach. Gus Farwick served as the head football coach at the University of Arizona in 1932, compiling a record of 4–5 before his resignation. Tex Oliver coached the Arizona Wildcats to a 32–11–4 record in five seasons. During that stretch, his teams never had a losing season. Oliver's "Blue Brigade" played an expanded, more nationwide schedule, and Arizona produced their first All-Americans under Oliver. The team's 1938 record of 8–2 was a school best to date. Oliver resigned after the 1937 season to accept the head football coach position at Oregon. Orian Landreth replaced Oliver and struggled in his one season as head coach, compiling a 3–6 record before he was fired. That season was the first losing season for the Wildcats in several years. Mike Casteel came to Arizona from his post as an assistant coach at Michigan State. In his eight seasons (Arizona did not field football teams in 1943 or 1944 due to World War II), Casteel compiled a 46–26–3 record and led the Wildcats to the first bowl berth in three decades in his final season, a loss in the 1949 Salad Bowl to Drake. Bob Winslow served as Arizona's head football coach for three seasons, posting a record of 12–18–1, with the team improving every year under his tutelage, going 2–7–1, 4–6 and 6–5 in Winslow's three years. Winslow resigned after three seasons.

Paragraph 3: Bengaluru FC resumed their campaign in the second phase by playing Mumbai at home. Having received four yellow cards in the season, the captain Sunil Chhetri was suspended in the game and Rino Anto led the team. After goalless first half, Bengaluru were trailing 0–1 after Ebi Sukore scored for Mumbai in 47th minute. Robin Singh equalized in 55th minute and salvaged draw for Bengaluru. In round 19, the battle between top and bottom of the table, Bengaluru FC played away game against Rangdajied United F.C. After trailing 0–2 in the first half, Bengaluru equalized at 2–2 after quick goals by Chhetri and Rooney in 60th and 61st minutes, but after Ranti Martins' goal in 76th minutes, the match ended as a loss for Bengaluru. Bengaluru FC returned to form in the penultimate home game, when they defeated defending champions Churchill Brothers 3–0, courtesy three second half goals, two by Sunil Chhetri and one by Robin Singh. Bengaluru FC opened up 7 points lead at the top of table when they defeated United S.C. 1–3 in the away game. In the next game, Bengaluru FC could not score a goal and ended up losing 3–0 to Shillong Lajong. Two Bengaluru players Pawan Kumar and Curtis Osano were handed red cards in closing minutes and as a result, would miss the next game. In the last home game, Bengaluru FC played another title contender Pune FC. Bengaluru FC took the lead in 25th minute by a goal from Thoi Singh, but Pune FC equalized in the second half in 73rd minute and the game ended in 1–1. This match broke the highest attendance record at Bangalore Football Stadium with 8,347 people attending the game. With other title contenders, Salgaocar and East Bengal closing-in, Bengaluru FC desperately needed a comfortable margin at the top. In their next away game against Mohun Bagan, Thoi Singh and Sean Rooney scored a goal each in each half and secured 0–2 victory and 4 points lead at the top of the table. During the game, coach Ashley Westwood was sent off from the technical area for showing continuous dissent. With East Bengal closing in on Bengaluru FC, the team needed a win in the game against Dempo in the next game to ensure the title. Bengaluru FC lead 0–1 at the end of the first half as Sean Rooney scored early in the 2nd minute. They consolidated their lead as Robin Singh and Johnny Menyongar scored a goal each. Dempo threatened with two quick goals in the closing minutes, but Sunil Chhetri's goal, 4 minutes into the additional time ensured 2–4 victory for Bengaluru FC. Bengaluru FC created the history by being the first team to win I-League in its debut year. Bengaluru FC ended their campaign on the winning note when they won their final league game 1–2 against Sporting Clube de Goa due to goals from Robin Singh and Beikhokhei Beingaichho in the second half.

Paragraph 4: Maribor began the spring part of the season with a goalless draw at home against Aluminij on 25 February 2018. After the match against Triglav was postponed due to snow, Maribor contested in another home draw against Rudar and dropped to second place by early March, behind their rivals Olimpija. Maribor won their first match in the spring part of the season on 10 March after defeating Ankaran Hrvatini 3–0 with a goals by Dare Vršič, Luka Zahović, and Jasmin Mešanović, before suffering their first home defeat of the season in the next round against Domžale. This was followed by another home defeat, this time against Krško. After the match, during the press conference, Zlatko Zahovič, a Director of Football at Maribor, made a personal attack against the journalist of the sports newspaper EkipaSN, which caused a major controversy among the media and the public. As a result, Zahovič was suspended by the club and the Football Association of Slovenia. In the third "Eternal derby" of the season, Maribor and Olimpija drew 1–1 in Ljubljana as Olimpija retained a ten-point lead over Maribor after 25 matches. In the 26th round, Maribor ended their home ground winless drought after defeating Celje 3–2 with a hat-trick by Luka Zahović. At Stanko Mlakar Stadium, Maribor equalised their highest win of the season as they defeated Triglav 5–0 in a previously postponed match. In the next round, however, Maribor surpassed this record as they defeated Gorica 6–0 in Nova Gorica, extending their winning streak to three games, in which the team scored fourteen goals. In the two remaining games of April, Maribor defeated Aluminij and Triglav, reducing Olimpija's lead to only one point. Maribor began the last month of the season with another two victories, over Rudar and Ankaran, extending their winning streak to seven games, before drawing 1–1 with Domžale in the 32nd round after a 91st-minute equalizer by Tavares. In the next round, Maribor topped the league table for the first time since late February after defeating Krško 2–1 at Matija Gubec Stadium, while Olimpija dropped points against Ankaran. In the last derby of the season on 19 May, Maribor lost 3–2 to Olimpija after Andrés Vombergar's last-minute winner in front of 12,166 spectators, again dropping to second place. Maribor have won two remaining matches, 4–0 and 2–0 against Celje and Gorica, respectively, but lost the league title to Olimpija with the same number of points, but worse head-to-head record.

Paragraph 5: Following the success of Kiss & Tell, work on the band's second studio album began in 2010. The finished product, A Year Without Rain, was released on September 17, 2010. The album continues the dance-pop/electropop style of the group's hit single "Naturally". "I think we wanted to do something a little fun. We wanted to do a techno vibe, " said lead singer Selena Gomez. Gomez said in an interview with Z100 New York that it would feature some songs that did not make it onto the first album and that the rest of the band would be much more included on it. In an interview with MTV, Gomez said, "I'm really proud of this record, it's very different, and kind of shows [our] growth a little bit in music... I think if anything the lyrics are more powerful, in a way." The record was dedicated to her fans to thank them for their support. It debuted on the US Billboard 200 at number 4 with sales of a little over 66,000, barely selling more than Kiss & Tell. Much like the band's previous album, A Year Without Rain was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales exceeding 500,000 copies in the US. The album received a mixed to positive reviews where some noticed that Gomez's vocals contain the Auto-Tune effect. The record's two singles both receiving moderate success. The record's first single, "Round & Round", premiered on June 18, 2010. The accompanying music video, which was filmed in Budapest, premiered two days later. The single was released on June 22, 2010. The song has been certified Gold in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of 500,000 copies. It debuted at number 24 on the Billboard Hot 100, and 76 on the Canadian Hot 100. It also debuted at number 15 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart and at number 47 in the UK. The album's second single and title track "A Year Without Rain" was released on September 7, 2010. The music video premiered on September 3, 2010, after the world premiere of Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam. The Spanish version of "A Year Without Rain" ("Un Año Sin Lluvia") was released three months after the English version. On July 13, Selena Gomez & the Scene's song "Live Like There's No Tomorrow" was released as a single from the movie Ramona and Beezus. The song is also a track on A Year Without Rain. Despite the success of the film, the song failed to chart on any major charts worldwide. As of 2012, the album has sold an estimated 609,000 copies in the United States, according to Billboard.

Paragraph 6: André tells Hélène that his only hope of salvation is for her to find the fly, identifiable by the fact that its head is completely white, so that he can transmit himself with it again in the hopes of regaining his missing atoms. A search of the house proves fruitless, and in desperation Hélène begs him to go through once more in the hopes that the transformation might reverse itself. Not believing it will work, but wanting to humor her, he agrees and goes through. He trips when he steps out of the receiver, and the cloth he has been covering his head with falls off. Hélène screams. His accident had switched his head and arm with that of a fly, and this last experiment mixed in parts from the missing cat. Now realizing that he has been transformed beyond all hope, André destroys the pods and all of the work in his lab and devises a way to commit suicide while at the same time hiding from the world what he had become. He shows Hélène how to operate the hydraulic press and then places himself under it. Obeying his last wish, Hélène pushes the button to lower the press and kills her husband. François goes to see Hélène the next day but receives heartbreaking news. Unable to live with her memories, she committed suicide by cyanide during the night. Later that evening François invites Inspector Charas, the policeman in charge of the case, over to his house for dinner. After finishing their meal, François allows him to read Hélène's manuscript. After reading it, Charas declares that Hélène must have been mad, and they both decide to destroy the "confession". But just as the story ends, François tells Charas that earlier that day he killed a fly and buried it at his brother's graveside. It was a fly with a white head.

Paragraph 7: On 18 May Ursúa requested three missionaries to support the expedition from the Franciscan provincial superior, friar Antonio de Silva; by 30 May three friars were ready to join the Spanish force, accompanied by a lay brother who had not yet taken vows. In addition, Silva sent another group of Franciscans led by friar Andrés de Avendaño, who was accompanied by another friar and a lay brother. This second group was only to remain with García while convenient for them to do so, and were to continue onwards independently to Nojpetén to make contact with the Itzas, with the tacit approval of Ursúa. In fact Avendaño and his party left Mérida on 2 June, a week before the party assigned to García. On 23 June Ursúa received a message informing him of the occupation of Sakbʼajlan (Dolores del Lakandon) by Guatemalan troops. By this time García was at Tzuktokʼ, near the Kejache border. Although Ursúa's purported plan, as authorised by the Spanish crown, was to build a road uniting Yucatán with Guatemala, he now realised that he was in a race to conquer the Itza kingdom; President Barrios of Guatemala had reached Sakbʼajlan and was returning to Santiago to prepare another expedition, and Guatemalan soldiers had already reached the lakeshore of Petén Itzá. Any linking road to Dolores del Lakandon would have passed through sparsely inhabited territory; instead the Yucatecan surveyor plotted a route due south directly to the lake where it could connect with the south road via Cahabón in Verapaz. This route would leave Dolores del Lakandon and the Lakandon Chʼol isolated to the west. Ursúa issued new orders to García dissimulating his desire to conquer the Itza. His letter ordered García to link up with President Barrios at Dolores del Lakandon, and gave him a precise route that would take him instead to the lake. A short time after receiving these orders, García ordered the construction of a fort at Chuntuki, some 25 leagues (approximately 65 miles or 105 km) north of Lake Petén Itzá. This would serve as the main military base for the Camino Real ("Royal Road") project; the supply base was at Kawich, under the command of Juan del Castillo y Arrué. On 27 July Ursúa authorised the creation of three new militia companies of 25 men apiece to reinforce García. Two were Spanish companies and one was a mixed-race company consisting of mestizos and pardos.

Paragraph 8: In 934, Emperor Min's then-chief advisors, Feng Yun and Zhu Hongzhao, did not want Li Congke, who was then the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), and Emperor Min's brother-in-law Shi Jingtang the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan) to be entrenched in their posts, and therefore issued a series of transfer orders that, inter alia, transferred Li Congke to Hedong and Shi to Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei).  Li Congke considered this a trap, and therefore rebelled against Emperor Min.  The imperial army sent to attack him mutinied and joined his rebellion, and he approached Luoyang.  Emperor Min fled.  As Li Congke was ready to enter Luoyang, Feng Dao, in an action that was criticized both at that time and in posterity, requested the official Lu Dao () to draft a petition for officials to sign, urging Li Congke to take the throne, which Lu refused to draft and rebuked Feng about.  Still, subsequently, an edict was issued in the name of Emperor Mingzong's wife Empress Dowager Cao, deposing Emperor Min and making Li Congke emperor.  (Emperor Min was subsequently killed in exile.)  Li Congke had Feng Dao serve as the director of Emperor Mingzong's tomb.  Once the tomb was completed, he sent Feng out of the capital, to serve as the military governor of Kuangguo Circuit (匡國, headquartered in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), still carrying the Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi  (chancellor) title as an honorary title.  While at Kuangguo's capital Tong Prefecture (), Feng's governance was said to be lenient.  In 935, Li Congke recalled him from Kuangguo to serve as Sikong () — a highly honored post as one of the Three Excellencies — but one that lacked real authority.  Indeed, as there had long not been anyone who served merely as one of the Three Excellencies without a substantive post (Feng himself had served as Sikong as well when he was chancellor earlier, as an additional title), no one in the imperial government knew what the Sikong was supposed to do.  The chancellor Lu Wenji thought that the Sikong was supposed to be in charge of cleaning the altar at imperial sacrifices — a ceremonial duty that Feng stated that he would be honored to carry out — but soon Lu figured out that it was inappropriate to ask the highly honored Feng to actually carry out cleanings, and so did not mention that again.

Paragraph 9: Henri de Lubac was born in Cambrai to an ancient noble family of the Ardèche. He was one of six children; his father was a banker and his mother a homemaker. The family returned in 1898 to the Lyon district, where Henri was schooled by Jesuits. A born aristocrat in manner and appearance, de Lubac studied law for a year before, aged 17, joining the Society of Jesus in Lyon on 9 October 1913. Owing to the political climate in France at the time as a result of the French anti-church laws of the early twentieth century, the Jesuit novitiate had temporarily relocated to St Leonards-on-Sea, East Sussex, where de Lubac studied before being drafted to the French army in 1914 due to the outbreak of the Great War.  He received a head wound at Les Éparges on All Saints Day, 1917, which would give him recurring episodes of dizziness and headaches for the rest of his life. Following demobilisation in 1919, de Lubac returned to the Jesuits and continued his philosophical studies, first at Hales Place in Canterbury and then, from 1920 to 1923, at the Maison Saint-Louis, the Jesuit philosophate located at that time in St. Helier, Jersey. It was here that he would encounter the thought of Maurice Blondel and Pierre Rousselot. The encounter with Blondel would prove especially important. In 1932, de Lubac would eventually write to Blondel and tell him of his encounter with L'Action in the early 1920s, and how Blondel's thought around the problem of integralism became one of the central instigators of de Lubac's search for a renewed understanding of the relationship between nature and grace. De Lubac taught at the Jesuit College at Mongré, in the Rhône, from 1923 to 1924, and then in 1924 returned to England and began his four years of theological studies at Ore Place in Hastings, East Sussex.  In 1926, the Jesuit college was relocated back to Fourvière in Lyons, where de Lubac completed the remaining two years of his theological studies. He was ordained to the priesthood on 22 August 1927.

Paragraph 10:  Saint Walker appears in Green Lantern: The Animated Series, voiced by Phil Morris. In the episode "Lost Planet", he is introduced as a hermit living on Mogo, a sentient planet that traps evildoers. He encounters Razer, a former member of the Red Lantern Corps, and tries to convince him to turn away from the path of violence he currently walks. Despite his peaceful demeanor, Walker is portrayed as a very agile and adept fighter, capable of disarming Razer in hand-to-hand combat without the use of a power ring. Although in possession of a green power ring, he declines joining the Corps, believing that his own destiny lies elsewhere. During "Invasion", Saint Walker talks to Mogo about what his role is in the Red Lantern invasion (as Mogo saved him and told him there is a beacon of hope that can stop the Red Lanterns) so Mogo tells him that he must climb to the highest peak of the sentient planet. As he climbs, he witnesses Atrocitus recruit one of the prisoners Mogo kept on his surface. Saint Walker wanted to exact revenge on them after they destroyed his homeworld but Mogo insisted that they were not important at that time. Once he reached the peak, he asked Mogo where the beacon was and while he thought that the empty peak was a message that there was no hope, he refused to believe that, that was the case. After Saint Walker vows to stop the Red Lantern Corps, and set the world to right, Hal Jordan's Green Lantern power battery (now a Blue Lantern power battery thanks to Ganthet) presents Saint Walker with a Blue Power Ring and the role of being both the leader of the Blue lantern Corps and the universe's last hope. In the season finale, Saint Walker (now a Blue Lantern), along with Mogo, aid Kilowog in the final stand against the Red Lantern fleet of ships. Saint Walker has also appeared in the second season of the animated series, in an episode that takes place on Odym, alongside Ganthet and the second Blue Lantern, Brother Warth. Hal Jordan and Kilowog travel to Odym with a damaged Manhunter to contact Ganthet, the only Guardian that Hal Jordan trusts, to learn more about the Manhunter robots. They discover that Red Lantern Razer has been living on Odym, trying to bring his rage under control. Ganthet explains the origin of the Manhunters, but his priority is in igniting the Blue Lantern Power Battery. Doing so not only reactivates the damaged Manhunter, but as the power of the Blue Lantern battery sweeps across space, it attracts other Manhunters to Odym. Although the combined forces of Jordan, Kilowog, Saint Walker, Warth, and Razer are able to defeat the Manhunters, Ganthet determines that the Blue Lantern battery must be shut down until the Manhunters are dealt with permanently.

Paragraph 11: April showers brought more bad weather and injuries to the club. Michael Harrington joined Zusi as the most recently injured when he also went down in training with a hamstring strain. The patchwork defense returned home for the first Sunday match of the season featuring rookie and 1st round pick Matt Besler in the back line against a then potent attacking SJ Earthquakes team. For the second week in a row the club faced difficult weather conditions (freezing rain and wind gusts up to 40 MPH). They responded with a better effort, shutting out the Quakes and securing their first win of the season 2-0. Week 4 brought a trip to Seattle to face the undefeated expansion Sounders. The Wizards controlled the first half despite not scoring and saw the Sounders go down a man in the 29th minute when goalkeeper Kasey Keller used his hands outside of the box to deflect a scoring chance from the fast breaking Herculez Gomez. The Wizards couldn't capitalize in the first half and the Sounders looked the better side in the second half until Davy Arnaud launched a game-winning missile from 30 yards out in the 80th minute to deliver the first goal surrendered and first loss to Seattle. The road trip continued onto the Eastern Conference leading Chicago Fire.  The Fire sharply outplayed the relatively sluggish Wizards for the entire first half and most of the second half, with Brian McBride scoring two early goals.  However goalkeeper Kevin Hartman made several spectacular saves to prevent Chicago from any further scoring, and the Wizards were able to muster a comeback late in the second half, with Josh Wolff scoring two goals of his own to equalize the match 2-2. The Wizards welcomed New York to town for the first ever ESPN telecast from Community America Ballpark, Red Bull defender Carlos Johnson took Herculez Gomez down in the box just two minutes into the match and received a red card for denying an obvious goal-scoring opportunity. Neither team played particularly well following the ejection of Johnson but Kansas City got the three points as a result of Claudio López slotting the resulting penalty kick past newly reinstated Jon Conway, who had served the longest performance-enhancing drug suspension ever in Major League Soccer. Jack Jewsbury didn't make the final road trip of April to Toronto as a result of the concussion he suffered just days earlier. The Wizards missed their holding midfielder as TFC played their first match under interim manager Chris Cummins as John Carver stepped down. Toronto was also missing star player Dwayne De Rosario (injured) but Danny Dichio's scramble goal in the 54th minute and TFC's clean sheet was enough to end the Wizards 18 regular season game streak of scoring at least one goal (second longest in the team history). Curt Onalfo's April ended with his family being in a car wreck on the way to the final home game and him personally being fined for comments he made to the officials following the lost in Toronto which he explained was a result of having his passport stolen just days before the trip and having to fly to Colorado to secure a new one in person(The fine was paid for by the club's supporters group as a sign of respect for all he had been through).

Paragraph 12: One pedal starts involved rearing back with your arms straight out and almost parallel to the ground with one foot behind and to aside the rear wheel. The other foot was on a pedal that was extended forward and the front tire pushing against the starting gate. When the gate dropped a rider would lunge forward placing his weight on the lead pedal, accelerating him out of the gate. If timed right with a quick reaction a racer can get a jump on the others out of the gate called the holeshot. By the early 1980s two pedal starts became the mode in which the vast majority of top racers used. It was almost exactly identical to the one pedal start except the trailing foot was on the trailing pedal as with the leading foot was on the leading pedal. The racer maintained his balance with the friction of the front tire pressed against the gate and the racer subtlety shifting his weight to counteract the imbalance. Getting out of the gate was similar to the one pedal start in that the racer lunged his weight forward against the handle bars while pressing his full weight and leg strength against the lead pedal. Simultaneously you use your upper body strength to quickly pull the bike forward with the handle bars. By the early 1980s most racers felt that this provided a quicker start to the old one pedal start with the advantage of not having to find the rear pedal with trailing foot. Since it is already on the pedal you can concentrate fully on starting and getting out of the gate a second sooner than anyone using a one pedal start technique. Ironically, the sanctioning bodies in the early 80's to cut down on gate jumping by those using the two pedal start who could time the cadence of the gate lights because it fell at a set period of time every time (they use starting lights much like those on a top fuel drag racing drag strip). In 1985 the ABA switched to dead man gates in which the green light didn't light and the gate fall in a predictable fashion making timing the gate difficult (the gate still fell the instant the light turned green of course). Concentrating on when the light turn green was critical with reaction time to that was critical. This made two pedal starts even more of a premium, making one pedal starts unheard off by the mid to late 1980s.

Paragraph 13: Kanchana was born as Vasundhra Devi on 16 August 1939 in Madras, Tamil Nadu of India to a Telugu-speaking family. Her father suffered business losses, and she went to work as an air hostess to support her family, when she was discovered by a friend of film director C. V. Sridhar on a plane where he was a passenger, who later suggested her to him. Sridhar gave her the lead role in his film Kaadhalikka Neramillai in 1963 and changed her name to Kanchana, since there was already another actress named Vasundhara Devi, mother of actress Vyjayanthimala. Kanchana acted in over 150 films – Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi, with a successful acting career. She had a successful career in Tamil films, especially between 1964 and 1977 as a lead heroine. Her critically acclaimed films include Kaadhalikka Neramillai, Thedi Vantha Thirumagal, Parakkum Paavai, Kodimalar, Adhey Kangal, Bama Vijayam, Naalum Therindavan, Thangai, Thulabaram, Ponnu Mappilai, Shanti Nilayam, Chella Penn, Uthiravindri Ulle Vaa, Vilaiyaattu Pillai, Sivanda Mann, Nyayam Ketkirom, Avalukendru Or Manam, and Engalakkum Kaadhal Varum. She retired from films in the ,id-80s itself. In 2005, she was presented with the MGR award and in 2007 the ANR Swarna Kankanam award. In Tamil, her pairing with Ravichandran was the most famous with all their films - Adhey Kangal, Kadhalikka Neram Illai, Utharavindri Ullevaa, Kadhal Jyoti, Thedivandha Thirumagal and Naalum Therindavan being hits. She acted in some films with R. Muthuraman  including Kaadhalikka Neramillai, Kodimalar, Thulabharam (Tamil version), Thangai, Bama Vijayam and Avalukendru Or Manam. She also acted with Sivaji Ganesan in Sivandha Mann, which was a blockbuster hit along with Vilayattu Pillai and Avan Oru Sarithiram. She did two films with MGR - Naan Yen Pirandhen and Parakkum Paavai as the second lead heroine of the film. Apart from that, she was paired with many Tamil heroes like A. V. M. Rajan, S. S. Rajendran, Gemini Ganesan , Jaishankar, Ravichandran and Sivakumar in Tamil. Her last film as lead heroine in Tamil was Avan Oru Sarithiram in and Babruvahana in Kannada, both in 1977. Her performances in the movies Pavitra Bandham & Manchivaadu were well appreciated and recognized. She played Uttara in the film Veerabhimanyu. The following year she acted in the Annapurna Pictures' film Aatma Gowravam with veteran director K. Viswanath. She acted with Krishnam Raju in some glamorous roles in Neeti Nijayitee (1972), Parivartana (1975), Nenante Nene and Dharma Daata in addition to Shri Krishnavataram (1967). After her retirement as a heroine, she acted in supporting roles acted in films such as Ananda Bhairavi, Shrimad Virat Veerabrahmendra Swami Charitra, Johnny and Mouna Ragam. Kanchana appeared in OLX commercial (Tamil/Telugu) in 2015. She made her comeback to films with Arjun Reddy in 2017 as the titular character's grandmother.

Paragraph 14: Melton appeared three times as Harry Cooper in the 1955–56 sitcom It's Always Jan. In the late 1950s, he played several small roles in the popular Desilu show The Lucy-Desi Comedy Hour as a construction worker who comes into the room through the window to ask for Milton Berle's autograph for his children. He starred in another episode in which he plays a bellboy for a hotel in Nome, Alaska that Lucy and the gang are staying at. He played Captain Midnight's sidekick, Ichabod "Icky" Mudd ("That's Mudd, with two D's"), in Captain Midnight, an early 1950s Saturday morning children's show. Until the end of his life, old fans would greet him on the street with his signature introductory gag line, "Mudd with two D's." Other television credits include Dragnet, The Silent Service, and M Squad. He appeared in four episodes of the final two seasons of Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C. as Friendly Freddy, an unsuccessful con-artist who bilks Gomer and Sgt. Carter, among others, but always gets caught, sometimes several times in the same episode. He had guest roles on Adventures of Superman, I Dream of Jeannie and The Dick Van Dyke Show; in the last he played deli owner Bert Monker, who is in love with Sally Rogers (played by Rose Marie). In 1956 Melton appeared in an uncredited role as Shorty on the TV western Cheyenne in the episode "The Last Train West."

Paragraph 15: DearS was adapted into a twelve episode television and single original video animation anime by MSJ with co-production by Bandai Visual, Geneon Entertainment, Lantis and TeaM DearS. The series was directed by Iku Suzuki. The series was broadcast on Chiba TV, TV Kanagawa, TV Saitama, Tokyo MX TV, TV Santerebi, TV Aichi and TVQ Kyushu from July 10 to September 26, 2004. Four DVD compilation volumes were released from August 2, 2005 to February 21, 2006. The anime's opening theme is  by Under17 and the ending theme is "Happy Cosmos" by Poppins. The anime has been re-licensed by Discotek Media.

Paragraph 16: Two years later, when the College buildings were occupied by the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, it became necessary to remove the Library to a place of safety. The Provincial Congress voted, June 15, 1775, "that the Library apparatus and other valuables of Harvard College be removed as soon as may be to the town of Andover, that Mr. Samuel Phillips, Mr. Daniel Hopkins, and Dummer Jewett Esq. be a committee to consult with the Revd. the President, the Honble Mr. Winthrop', and the Librarian or such of them as may be conveniently obtained and with them to engage some suitable Person or persons in said town to transport, receive and take the charge of the above mentioned effects, that said Committee join with other gentlemen in employing proper persons in packing said Library apparatus and such other articles as they shall judge expedient and take all due care that it be done with the greatest safety and despatch."  The work of removal was begun at once. On the 17th, Samuel Phillips Jr., wrote " Amid all the terrors of battle I was so busily engaged in Harvard Library that I never even heard of the engagement (I mean the siege) until it was completed." While the books were being thus packed up, Winthrop, who was an ardent patriot, was taking part in the Battle of Bunker Hill, where he received a wound in the neck. Among the receipts for moving the books is one " for carting one load of Books ... to the house of George Abbot, Esq. in Andover, 17 miles,  £0.17," signed by John L. Abbot, the father of the Librarian of the same name. A subsequent vote of the Congress authorized the removal of some of the books to such other places besides Andover as might seem best. Many books had thus been taken to Concord, and there it was decided the following fall to open the College.  The authority of the Provincial Congress for this and for the removal of the books to that town from Andover was obtained, and the Corporation voted, October 24, 1775, that the boxes of books be opened there for the use of the students "as soon as the Librarian can remove to Concord & attend to the duties of his office." Although by the following June, the students had returned to Cambridge, it was May 1778, before the whole of the Library was restored to the College halls.

Paragraph 17: In 2006, HaMoked filed a lawsuit at the Jerusalem Magistrate's Court on behalf of a resident of East Jerusalem against the State of Israel for "alleged repeated arrests by the police and Shin Bet security service, unnecessary delays at checkpoints and abusive interrogations between 1996-1999". The state attorney from the Tel Aviv prosecutor's office for civil matters submitted an official statement to the court that accused HaMoked and B'Tselem of being organizations that "undermine the existence" of Israel, "besmirch" Israel and its security forces, and "cause it damage in the world" adding that HaMoked "does not deal with 'defending human rights' as it claims, but instead with defending the rights of Palestinians only" and that its "self-presentation as 'a human rights organization' has no basis in reality and is designed to mislead". HaMoked's director filed a complaint with the Attorney General and said that the state's document contained "unbridled attacks" on both organizations and on "the very notion of defending the human rights of Palestinians" adding that "Attacks by the state on human rights organizations active in it and on the sheer legitimacy of their existence pose a serious threat to democratic rule". HaMoked demanded that a revised statement be filed by the state. The state attorney's statements received support from Gerald M. Steinberg of NGO Monitor and were criticized by Israeli historian and writer Tom Segev, the New Israel Fund, the Association for Civil Rights in Israel and Israeli politician Zehava Gal-On. Israel's State Prosecutor's Office dissociated itself from the state attorney's comments, and said they "reflect neither the prosecution's position nor the position of the state, and were not authorized" and that the "state's position has been and continues to be that HaMoked: Center for the Defense of the Individual and the B'Tselem organization are human rights organizations". They confirmed that what they described as "inappropriate" comments would be excised and a revised version would be submitted to the court.

Paragraph 18: In Jaws: Unleashed, the player assumes the role of the shark. The shark first enters the island from the southern end and the player finds itself in a cove. The cove has tutorials to allow the player to become familiar with the controls, such as the ones for moving the shark and attacking other creatures. The shark has a menu for upgrades as well. These can be accessed from either the main menu or the pause menu. Upgrade points are earned by causing destruction around Amity Island (in levels and in free-roam mode), completing levels, and/or collecting bonus items, the most frequently found of which being treasure chests. There are numerous upgrade criteria to choose from. Players can choose to upgrade the shark's power, speed, hunger, health, or accuracy. During gameplay, there is a HUD in the lower-right corner of the screen. This HUD has four meters and a sonar that informs players of the positions of important objects, prey, and enemies. The two parallel meters above the sonar are for Jaws' health (right side, red-colored), and hunger (left side, green-colored). As Jaws becomes hungry, its health will diminish, forcing the player to "eat" constantly. The health bar will also diminish as Jaws takes damage. The last two meters are used to charge the shark's tail-whip and head-butt attacks. The more each meter fills, the stronger the attack is. The meters are on the left quadrant of the sonar, running along the arc with the head-butt meter on the outside and the tail-whip meter on the inside. The head-butt meter is orange when charging, flashing when fully charged, and is the same as the tail-whip meter, but it is purple instead of orange. Jaws has unique attacks in its arsenal. The shark can ram objects with its snout, whip others with its caudal tail, bite, and when the player earns enough points to upgrade Jaws' abilities, new attacks become unlocked, such as the "corkscrew" and the "body bomb". To perform a corkscrew attack, the player must charge up the head-butt meter and tail-whip meter; head-butt first, then release the tail-whip button and the shark will spin around, causing damage to anything caught in its wake. To perform a body-bomb, they simply charge the head-butt meter, point the shark upward, release the movement button and the shark will fly up in the air, and smash back down.

Paragraph 19: The caliphate armed forces had attacked the island of Crete from the 7th century AD onwards, as the ‘Abbasid navy during the rule of Caliph Harun al-Rashid had sent Humayd ibn Ma’yuf al-Hamdani for this purpose. During the reign of Caliph al-Ma’mun, he sent Abu Hafs ‘Umar ibn ‘Isa al-Andalusi, more famously known as al-Ikritish.  Later, Crete once again by the Muslim force from Spain during the reign of al-Ma’mun. In the year 226 AH/841 AD, a peace treaty was ratified by Theophilus and Caliph al-Mu‘tasim that was in force, until the Caliph ordered a naval expedition to attack Constantinople, while later in the year 227 AH/842 AD, the naval enterprise that was led Abu Dinar with 400 men to sail from the port of Levant. The Caliph died in the same year as Theophilus and did not live to witness the destruction of his navy as the naval forces of the caliphate were hit by a sea storm at Chelidonian along the coast of Lycian. Seven Abbasid battleships later made a decision to return to the Levant. At the end of the 3rd AH/early 10th AD, the Abbasid navy was already considered as formidable power in the Aegean Sea. At this time, there was a plot within the Byzantine nobility to depose Emperor Leo VI, known as Leo VI the Wise by General Andronicus, who was supported by his son, Constantine and an aristocrat named Eustace. This combination of three prominent rebels joining forces strength from the aspect of feudal land and naval commander descent. From the year 894 AD., Eustace was the Byzantine chief admiral.  In the year 289 AH/August 902 AD, Eustace engaged in conflict with the Muslim army and during the winter had met up with Nicholas Mysticus to come to an understanding for the common interest of all and the church. Samonas, an Arabic eunuch, had entered into the Emperor's service and helped Emperor Leo VI to abort a plan by the relatives of Augusta Zoe who wished to overthrow the Emperor. Samonas was then placed in personal service to the Emperor. However, Samonas attempted to flee to Levant in March 904 AD after betraying the Emperor, but was caught and brought back by the Byzantines. On Leo VI's order, Samonas was executed. In the middle of Sha‘ban 291 AH/early July 904 AD, the naval army had 54 galleys which each of them carrying about 200 fighters as well as officers and was led by the Rashid al-Wardani or Ghulam Zurafa.

Paragraph 20: In 1831 the General Assembly leased the College to Rev. John Barnett and Rev. Aaron Shelby for a term of years. The pecuniary difficulties of the Institution had become very great. The Church had become to some degree alienated; confidence in the final success of the enterprise was failing. Messrs. Barnett and Shelby were to have all the proceeds of the College after paying the necessary expenditures—to support a sufficient number of instructors, to keep up the boarding-house, and pay the debts of the College. They were considered men of great energy and perseverance, respectable financial ability, and devoted friends of the Church. Mr. Shelby continued his connection with the Institution till the summer or fall of 1833 when he sold his interest to Mr. Harvey Young. In the summer of 1834, Mr. Young died, and the entire management of the financial affairs of the College fell into the hands of Mr. Barnett. In the summer of 1834 cholera visited the town. A number of persons fell victim to the terrible disease. The College, however, did not disband. But the cholera was followed by a malignant fever, which extended to the College community, and spread over the country. The condition of things became so bad at the College, that a temporary suspension of operations was found absolutely necessary. The manager of the farm and boarding-house died; one of the professors was finally prostrated, one of the students died, and a number, in addition, was sick. It was a terrible blow to the Institution. It rallied, however, and the fall session commenced with favorable prospects. Still, there were financial troubles. The Church, too, began to complain about Mr. Barnett. Some thought he managed badly; others thought he managed wholly with a view to his own selfish ends; others went so far as to impeach his integrity as a man of business and a Christian. A change became necessary.

Paragraph 21: Inspired by the live shows, Simon and Benji decided to move away from the pure electronic sound of the first album A Flock of Bleeps and create a more organic sound. Having no band, they played the instruments themselves and recruited long-time friend and former Leftfield vocalist Ruu Campbell to perform the vocals.  The resulting album was Last Days of Gravity, with artwork made by Storm Thorgerson, who had also worked on albums by Pink Floyd, Alan Parsons and Led Zeppelin. Released in 2007, the album narrowly missed a nomination for the 2008 Mercury Music Prize and received positive reviews. They also returned to play shows with the "Younger Brother Live" band in Boulder and Denver, Colorado and in California, which included Marc Brownstein (The Disco Biscuits, Electron) on bass, Tom Hamilton (Brothers Past, The American Babies, Electron) on guitar, and Joe Russo (The Benevento/Russo Duo, Furthur, Joe Russo’s Almost Dead, Bustle In Your Hedgerow, The American Babies, Electron) on drums in Japan, the US and the UK.

Paragraph 22: In 1958, Tomás was chosen by then-Prime Minister António Salazar as the candidate of the ruling National Union party for the presidency of the republic, succeeding Francisco Craveiro Lopes. He ran against the opposition-backed Humberto Delgado.  It initially appeared that the election ended as soon as Tomás was nominated. The electoral system was so heavily rigged in favor of the National Union that he could not possibly be defeated.  However, in an unusually spirited contest, Tomás was ultimately credited with 76.4 percent of the vote to Delgado's 23.5 percent. Most neutral observers believed, however, that Delgado would have won had the election been honest.  Salazar was alarmed enough that he pushed through a constitutional amendment transferring the election of the president to the legislature, which was firmly controlled by the regime.  Tomás was re-elected by the legislature in 1965 as the only candidate.

Paragraph 23: The episode takes its title from a scene when an anonymous informant (later revealed to be Kermit the Frog) secretly meets Brian in an underground parking lot. Brian calls the informant "Deep Throat," in a reference to the anonymous informant Deep Throat. The meeting itself is a reference to the meeting with Deep Throat or to the 1976 film All the President's Men. The part-time job Peter had wherein he sings a song "Ding Fries are Done," was based on a song that was popularized by Doctor Demento in the 1990s concerning Burger King, and is a parody of the popular Christmas song "Carol of the Bells". The Noid attempting to ruin Mayor West's pizza is a reference to the Noid from former Domino's Pizza television advertisements. The scene where Cleveland runs off as a black panther when he notices Meg and Brian looking at him as he destroys Brian's cab with a crowbar is a reference to Michael Jackson's "Black or White" second ending known as the Panther Dance. Stewie references his cousin, Stewie Cruise, showing him jumping up and down on Oprah's couch while shouting "I'm in love with Katie Holmes! I'm not gay!" When Lois mentions to Peter that it would be fun to be in the community talent show, Stewie says "You know what else is fun? Watching Mr. Belvedere without people talking so loudly!". He then proceeds to sing the theme song loudly. When Peter is being driven around by Brian, he refers to him as Bitterman, a reference to the chauffeur in the 1981 film Arthur. The song Mayor West and Meg are listening to in the hotel together is the theme song to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles from the 1987 series. In the DVD version of the episode, Stewie and Brian bump into Scooby-Doo and the gang from Scooby-Doo, Where Are You?. Fred Jones and Stewie argue about who got to City Hall first, but then Stewie sends them off by humming a familiar tune.

Paragraph 24: In his second season, Flores made the decision at the start of the 2020 season to start veteran quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick over rookie quarterback Tua Tagovailoa. The Dolphins went on to open the season with an 0–2 start with back-to-back losses against the division rivals New England Patriots and Buffalo Bills by the scores of 21–11 and 31–28 respectively, before winning their first game of the season against the Jacksonville Jaguars by a score of 31–13, also Miami's first win over Jacksonville since 2014. During a Week 5 game against the defending NFC Champion San Francisco 49ers, the Dolphins blew out the Niners by a score of 43–17, which was their first time since 2015 scoring more than 40 points in a game, their first blowout win since December 3, 2017, and was also their first road win over the 49ers since 2004. They would also begin a 5-game winning streak for the first time since 2016, after beginning the season 0–2 and then 1–3. On a Week 6 contest against the division rival New York Jets, a 24–0 win, the Dolphins were the favorites to win for the first time since Week 16 of the 2018 season, a 17–7 loss versus the Jaguars. The Dolphins were also favored to win for the first time under Flores' tenure as head coach. It was also the Dolphins' first shutout win since November 2, 2014. On October 20, Flores confirmed Tua would be the team's starting quarterback for Week 8, following their bye week, after allowing him to play the final seconds in the shutout win against the Jets. In Week 8, Tua's first NFL start, the Dolphins defense upset the Los Angeles Rams 28–17, as the Dolphins defeated them for the 5th time since 2001. On November 8, Flores guided the Dolphins to a 34–31 win over the Arizona Cardinals, which was their first road win over the Cardinals since 1996 and they also began the season 5–3 for the first time since 2014. On November 15, the Dolphins defeated the Los Angeles Chargers 29–21 to improve on their 5–11 record from last season and to begin the season 6–3 for the first time since 2001. On December 6, after defeating the Cincinnati Bengals 19–7, the Dolphins began the season 8–4 for the first time since 2003. On December 20, 2020, the Dolphins defeated Flores' former team, the New England Patriots, by a score of 22–12, which eliminated the Patriots from the playoffs for the first time since 2008 and the Dolphins clinched their first winning season since 2016 as well as their first under Flores' tenure. On January 3, 2021, after a 56–26 loss to the Buffalo Bills in Week 17, and after the Pittsburgh Steelers lost and the Indianapolis Colts won their season finales, the Dolphins were eliminated from playoff contention for the fourth consecutive season.

Paragraph 25: Robert J. Cottrol reviewed The Myth of Race favorably, writing, "With The Myth of Race, Robert Sussman gives us a comprehensive history of the idea of race and particularly the rise and not total fall of scientific racism". Ruth C. Engs was less favorable in her review of the book, writing that "...rarely does [Sussman] compare the interpretation of one historian with that of another in an objective manner or compare interpretations from one time period to those from another, as other historiographical researchers usually do. Researchers in the past, or present, who do not agree with his conclusions are considered “racists” or part of “the eugenics bigot brigade.”" She concludes that "Sussman’s lack of objectivity in this book is disconcerting. For those looking for a work that summarizes the negative side of the hereditarian and eugenics movements, however, this book would be an adequate reference. Also in its favor is its extensive bibliography of contemporary and older works." In a mixed review, Kathleen Feyh wrote that "Sussman's book is an elegant genealogy of the myth of race from the Spanish Inquisition through the twentieth-century eugenics movement and its demystifiers among those who study human differentiation." She also criticized the book by writing that Sussman's "...analysis is limited in no small part by his method, which confines him to a history of racist ideas and ideologues rather than one of how racist ideas function in society, leaving the reader with a very well-written debate within the field of anthropology rather than achieving one of his stated goals, namely "to further...understanding of why racism is still so prevalent in our society"". In a generally favorable review, Jeffrey C. Long wrote that "The Myth of Race rightly points to a critical role for Franz Boas, who formulated anthropology along non‐racial lines, even before biological anthropology adopted the evolutionary principles established by the New Synthesis in the 1930s. This is an important contribution of the book. It clearly establishes that racists and eugenicists in the last century chose their ideologies over superior alternatives." In comparing The Myth of Race with Michael Yudell's book Race Unmasked, Nathaniel C. Comfort wrote that "The eugenics movement - particularly in the United States in the early twentieth century and in Nazi Germany - offers a cornucopia of evidence of scientific racism. But, in focusing on the US movement's most egregious leaders, such as Charles Davenport, Madison Grant and Henry Fairfield Osborn, both Yudell and Sussman over-simplify. Eugenics was about much more than just race."

Paragraph 26: One year later, Reilly and Villegas (by now her fiancé) returned to Big Brother for its thirteenth season, as part of a "Returning Duos" twist. Reilly claimed she was returning to the show in a bid to redeem herself following her previous appearance. Reilly and Villegas quickly forged an alliance with the four other returning players, father and daughter, Dick and Daniele Donato of Big Brother 8 and fellow couple, Jordan Lloyd and Jeff Schroeder of Big Brother 11, as well as a side alliance with Porsche Briggs. The alliance, known as "the Veterans," dominated the house in the early weeks, with Reilly winning Head of Household (HoH) in the first and third weeks, as well as the Power of Veto in a two-person challenge with Villegas in the first week. The alliance fell apart in the second of Reilly's HoH weeks, when Daniele was caught in her attempts to turn the two couples against each other. However, Daniele then proceeded to win the next HoH competition, nominating Reilly and Villegas against each other, sparking a long-running feud between the two women. After winning the Power of Veto, Villegas decided to use it on Reilly, effectively ensuring his own eviction. Reilly was nominated again the following week, but was spared when confusion about an upcoming twist caused Lawon Exum to volunteer to be evicted in her place, in the mistaken belief that it would give him an advantage in the game. In reality, the evicted player and the winner of an America's Choice vote would compete to return, with Villegas winning the vote and then beating Exum in the subsequent competition, regaining his place in the game. His stay was short lived however, as he was evicted at the hands of Donato once again a week later. Reilly took revenge the following week, evicting Daniele after finding herself as the swing-vote. After narrowly surviving an eviction vote 3-2 against Schroeder, Reilly paired with Lloyd when the duos twist briefly returned, and won a key Veto competition that kept them both in the game at the expense of Shelly Moore. Reilly then followed up by winning HoH for the third time, resulting in the eviction of Kalia Booker. After failing to win the final Veto competition, Reilly reformed her early alliance with Briggs, and the pair worked together to make the final two, with Briggs evicting Lloyd in the final four stage, and then Reilly evicting Adam Poch the following week after she won HoH for the fourth time. Reilly eventually was named as the winner of Big Brother 13 in a vote of 4-3 over Briggs, earning the jury votes of Brendon Villegas, Jeff Schroeder, Jordan Lloyd and Shelly Moore, and losing the votes of Daniele Donato, Kalia Booker and Adam Poch. Reilly won $500,000 for winning the show.

Paragraph 27: The verdict is handed down on December 26. They are found guilty, but punishment is remitted on account of their youth and pure motives, and they are released. That evening, a celebratory dinner is held at the Academy of Patriotism. Tsumura, the youngest student, is irritated by the jolly atmosphere and shows Isao a newspaper account of desecratory blunders made by Kurahara on December 16 at the Inner Ise Shrine. Iinuma, drunk, tells Isao that he was the informant. Isao is not surprised until Iinuma goes on to say that the Academy is run entirely with money paid by Baron Shinkawa as protection, and that Shinkawa made him promise, just before the May 15 Incident, never to allow Kurahara to be touched. Later, Honda hears the sleeping Isao mutter "Far to the south. Very hot...in the rose sunshine of a southern land," predicting his next reincarnation. In the morning he meets Tsuboi, who asks him to teach kendo to children, and he has a vision of himself doing so till old age. Sawa takes Isao into his room and lets him know that it was Makiko (whom Isao has not seen since the trial) who told Iinuma of their plan by telephone. This is the final straw for Isao.

Paragraph 28: His works include the novels Antoine Bloye (1933), Le Cheval de Troie [The Trojan Horse] and La Conspiration [The Conspiracy] (1938), as well as the essays "Les Chiens de garde" ["The Watchdogs"] (1932) and "Aden Arabie" (1931), which introduced him to a new audience when it was republished in 1960 with a foreword by Sartre. In particular, the opening sentence "I was twenty, I won't let anyone say those are the best years of your life" (J’avais vingt ans. Je ne laisserai personne dire que c’est le plus bel âge de la vie.) became one of the most influential slogans of student protest during May '68.

Paragraph 29: Physicians can enter service into the Air Force through several different paths.  Cadets at the US Air Force Academy can compete for selection to medical school at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences (USUHS) or at any CONUS medical school through HPSP.  An academy graduate who attends USUHS will incur a twelve-year (seven for USUHS and five for the Academy) service commitment not counting any training such as residency and fellowship; an academy graduate who attends a civilian medical school will incur a nine-year service commitment not counting any training such as residency and fellowship.  Civilian undergraduates can also apply to USUHS, they incur a seven-year service commitment.  USUHS students are commissioned officers at the rank of Second Lieutenant (O-1) and are paid as full-time active duty members.  All of their school and expenses are paid by the US Air Force.  USUHS graduates must complete residency training in a military residency program.  Civilian medical school students can apply for the Health Professions Scholarship Program (HPSP). HPSP medical students have their medical school tuition paid by the US Air Force and receive a monthly stipend for living expenses, but they are not on active duty.  These graduates can usually attend a civilian or military residency training program and incur a three or four-year service commitment (one year commitment per year of scholarship assistance).  Civilian resident physicians can enter Air Force service through the Financial Assistance Program (FAP).  FAP physicians receive payment while in residency, but do not receive funds to pay for medical school.  Unlike all other programs in the Air Force, they incur a service commitment of based on their length in the program, plus one year (e.g. two years in the program incurs a three-year service commitment).  All graduates of residency training enter active duty at the rank of Captain (O-3).  Most of the US Air Force Academy graduates pursue a career as an Air Force physician, while the vast majority of HPSP graduates leave the service as soon as their commitment is completed.

Paragraph 30: According to the driver, the train slid due to the rain and hail, as he noticed it, he attempted to brake and later tried to deactivate the autopilot system. As both actions failed, he contacted the Central Control Center to request them to cut the energy. The Center did not reply and, as he realized the train would impact the parked one, he decided to jump out of the cab before the crash. According to the train event recorder, the train had reached  at the Oceanía–Terminal Aérea slope (whose subsidence increased to at least 7% since its opening) and the driver did brake, reducing the speed to , but was ineffective as the tracks were wet and the slope increased the speed to . The Metro system director, Joel Ortega, concluded that the accident was mainly a consequence of a "double human error"; the first one caused by the driver, who did not deactivate the autopilot when he was requested to do so, and the second by the Central Control Center regulator, who did not request Train No. 5 to stop at any point, even when the Train No. 4's driver had warned he would stop the train due to the obstruction.