Paragraph 1: With the Acts of Union 1707, the Parliament of Scotland was dissolved, and Parliament House ceased to be used for its main original purpose. From then onwards the building was primarily used by the courts as the seat of the Court of Session, the High Court of Justiciary, the Admiralty Court, and the Court of Exchequer. The national records of Scotland were moved from the Laigh Hall to General Register House in 1789. From 1707 until 1844 the Lords Ordinary of the Court of Session sat in Parliament Hall, and as their courtroom the hall came to be known as the Outer House, while the judges of the Court of Session hearing appellate cases sat in one of the ground floor chambers in the south-east Treasury wing, which came to be known as the Inner House. Until the 19th century Parliament Hall was also, as the property of the town council, the main public hall of Edinburgh for the hosting of civic receptions. During music festivals held in 1815, 1819, and 1824, the hall hosted performances of George Frideric Handel's Messiah and Joseph Haydn's The Creation. A civic banquet was also held there during the visit of George IV to Edinburgh in 1822.

Paragraph 2: In the third film, a 39-year-old Apollo Creed appears at the first fight between James "Clubber" Lang, 23, and Rocky Balboa, 36, as a guest moderator. Before the match, the former champion Creed steps into the ring to greet the fighters. When he offers Lang a handshake, the latter slaps away Creed's hand and mockingly insists that he "don't want no has-been messin' in my corner". He further says, "You want to jump? Jump. Come on, Creed." When Creed walks away, stunned at this rude display from the belligerent challenger, Lang laughs at him and calls him a "chicken." This prompts Creed to tell Balboa to "give everybody a present and drop this chump." Following the match, in which Lang wins by a brutal second-round knockout, Balboa's beloved manager Mickey dies in the locker room. Determined in part to put the disrespectful brute in his place, Creed finds an apprehensive and bereaved Balboa at Mickey's gym. Despite hesitating at first, Balboa agrees to let Creed train him for a rematch against Lang, who laughs off the prospect of "one has-been teaching another" during a television interview. The pair subsequently travels to the "Tough Gym" in Los Angeles, California, where Creed used to train, in preparation for a rematch with Lang. Creed encourages Rocky not to ignore the naysayers that say he is too old but instead refocus himself. During this talk, he states, "Now when we fought ... you had that eye of the tiger". This quote is referred to throughout the movie, including the film's theme song, "Eye of the Tiger" by Survivor. Creed mentions that Rocky will owe him "a big favor" once he wins, which he does not specify at first. Rocky's training is geared toward making him quicker and more agile to counter the larger, stronger brawler. Creed teaches Rocky his (Creed's) own fighting style. Rocky has trouble concentrating during his training, suffering from guilt over Mickey's demise and self-doubt. Adrian helps Rocky recognize this as a simple fear of losing again and convinces him that he can't let fear control his life and that he has to fight again, not to prove a point but to live without fear. Rocky agrees and begins to put his fear aside. Creed helps Rocky rediscover the fire inside, which he had lost in the time leading up to the Lang fight, that had won him the title. Creed calls this fire the "eye of the tiger".

Paragraph 3: After expulsion of partisans out of srez of Bijelo Polje in May, Glišić gave orders to local population to report hidden partisans under threat of death and that attacking Chetniks and destroying of roads, bridges and telephone lines is punishable by death, after which he ordered return of normal functioning of all administrative organs and schools. Italians thought that Glišić didn't have right to give these orders, and quickly rejected them as illegitimate. Soon they demanded that Glišić leaves Nova Varoš altogether, which Glišić energetically rejected and threatened to fight Italians. Alongside men of Petar Baćović, Glišić's men took an operation in Bosnia in early. Chetnik advancement was quicker than expected, and Partisans were forced to retreat from Foča to Gacko. Near Foča they encountered forces of Independent State of Croatia, took the town from them on June 10. This time Muslim population of the town remained untouched, unlike in other Chetnik captures of Foča. Germans and Ustaše pressured Italian governor of Montenegro Alessandro Pirzio Biroli to order Glišić to return the town on June 13 and Glišić had no choice, but to retreat to Nova Varoš. This worsened already bad relation between Italians and Glišić. On 26th of June Glišić's main advisor and ally Vučko Ignjatović was killed by pro-Ljotić members of his Detachment. Glišić was visibly disturbed by Ignjatović's death and wanted to return to Serbia. Italians used this to take over the town from Glišić without a fight. Nedić ordered Glišić to cooperated fully with Italians from now on, however Glišić did not accept the obvious defeat. Presence of large number of legalised Chetniks in Nova Varoš was seen as unsustainable by Italians, especially those of Glišić's Požega Detachment. Under excuse of Ignjatović's murder, Nedić ordered dissolution of the detachment and demobilisation was to be done by Glišić. Glišić was dismissed from the post, but he stayed near Nova Varoš despite Nedić's orders to leave the area with several members of Sandžak Detachment. He admitted to Draža Mihailović that the town was lost on 11th of July, however he stayed to check possibility of collaboration with Italians. Unfortunately for Glišić, German secret police investigated him. He was outed as a member of Mihailović's movement by one of Ignjatović's murderers. After murder of important ally of Ljotić in Čačak on 30th of July, in which Glišić was involved, Gestapo took action against him. After Glišić's departure, influence of Nedić's government in Sandžak weakens and eventually disappears. Sandžak Detachment 'falls into chaos', most of its members either leave it for other Chetnik units or completely leaves the fight. Đurišić benefits the most, as he becomes main Mihailović's commander in the region.

Paragraph 4: Sprung is a video game for the Nintendo DS. It was released in North America on December 7, 2004 as one of the launch titles for the system. In Europe, the game was released under the expanded title Sprung: The Dating Game. Sprung puts players in the shoes of either Becky or Brett in a conversation-based visual novel that mostly consists of dialogue. Sprung can be regarded as a dating sim, though the linearity and variety in the game (as well as its humor) also lend it to being an adventure game. The game was one of the first dating simulation games to have a wide commercial release in North America.

Paragraph 5: Ahern was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the February 1982 general election and held the until 2011. In 1984, he received his first major promotion when he became Fianna Fáil Deputy spokesperson on Transport in Charles Haughey's front bench. During his career in the Dáil, Ahern has served on a number of committees, including the Public Accounts Committee, the Joint Committee of Health and Children and the Joint Committee on Finance and Public Service. Between 1992 and 1993, he served as Minister of State at the Department of Industry and Commerce with responsibility for Science and Technology. Between 1994 and 1997, he served as Opposition Spokesperson on the Office of Public Works and Taxation. In 2002, Fianna Fáil were re-elected and Ahern was appointed as Minister of State at the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Employment with responsibility for Trade and Commerce.

Paragraph 6: Less than a month after reporting for duty, Shepherd sailed for France on June 17, 1917, as a member of the 5th Marine Regiment with the first elements of the American Expeditionary Forces (Army and Marine Corps troops), and arrived at  Saint-Nazaire in western France on June 27. The 5th Marines became part of the 4th Marine Brigade, 2nd Division (2nd Infantry Division), when the division was organized on October 26 in France. The 2nd Division was placed under the command of Marine Corps Brigadier General Charles A. Doyen, who had been the 5th Marines commander. The 2nd Division trained with French Army veterans the winter of 1917–18.

Paragraph 7: The novel tells the tale of Julie de Rubine, a noble orphan, who after the death of her  parents moved from France to Turin, to live with her wealthy aunt Madame Laronne. Before her death Julie's mother made her to swear that she would marry, if ever, only a Catholic. Julie faithfully promised to do so. Her aunt led a fashionable life, so there were fetes, outings and balls to attend. Julie was admired for her beauty, and soon had a marriage proposal from Signor Vescolini, the only son of the Conte della Croisse. He is well off, but a Protestant, and his solicitations are distasteful to Julie. She rejects him twice, but her aunt insists,  and forces her into this marriage. Julie's situation becomes even worse when the Marchese de Montferrat, rich and handsome, starts courting her. Madame Laronne hoped to marry the Marchese, because he paid her attention at the beginning of their acquaintance. When the aunt realises that he is after her niece, she presses the marriage with Vescolini even harder and keeps a close watch on Julie. The Marchese de Montferrat finds means to enter Julie's room and to arrange an elopement. He proposes to her a clandestine marriage, to be made public after a while. She agrees. Marchese marries her and keeps her in a hunting villa in the woods. He is tender and loving at first; but after Julie becomes pregnant, he cools down, and after a while tells her that the marriage was a sham, and she is, in fact, just his mistress. Julie gives birth to a son, Enrico, and leaves the Marchese for a little cottage on the borders of the Lake of Geneva. Her faithful servant Dorothée departs with her. After several years of residency in the cottage Julie receives a letter from the Marchese. He asks her to look after a little girl, four months old, and promises her a large house to live in, a quarterly allowance, servants and career help for their son, Enrico. If she refuses, he writes, he will "revenge on her." After some deliberation, Julie agrees. She, Enrico, Dorothée and the little nameless girl (the Marchesse left it to Julie to baptize her and to give her a name) depart to Germany, to a castle which the Marchese desired them to occupy, in the company of the Marchesse's sinister servant, Paoli. On their way to Germany they met a man called La Roque, who is left ill and dying in the inn, with only his daughter to attend him. Julie, moved by compassion, tries to cheer them up, sends for a physician, hires them a servant and leaves them a present of money.  La Roque tells her to seek for them in a convent, him under the name of Father Francisco, and his daughter as sister Maria. Though Julie tried to locate them, she could not find them again, and met them only many years afterwards.

Paragraph 8: Anil Anto and his wife Amala shift from Kottarakara and settle down with the help of his friends in Kochi. They rent a small apartment and slowly settle down to their lives. Anil works for a cable TV company as a technician. "Gorilla" Darwin is a well known gangster, who, along with his brothers, rules the Kochi underworld. Meanwhile, Amala is pregnant, and she and her husband are very happy. During a drive by, Darvin's brother steals Amala's chain and pushes her down, causing a miscarriage. Their lives turn due to this incident. They complain to the police, but to no avail. During an installation, Anil sees the person who caused this problem. He chases them and gets into a fight. He brutally beats him up and takes him to the police. The police inspector is a cousin of Darvin and abuses Anil for beating up a culprit. He then calls up Darvin to come to pick up his brother. Darvin picks his brother from the police station and insults Anil by giving some money for Anil to get his wife a new chain. Anil slaps Darvin, which causes a scene. Darvin retreats back. Anil then faces Darvin's wrath. Darvin and the gang slowly steal every belonging from Anil and leave them with just an empty apartment. Anil loses all his possessions. A friendly policeman then explains that this is Darvin's style of reacting and he cannot do anything about it. After all this, Anil takes help from a small-time gangster to try to kidnap Darvin's child and fails spectacularly in a comedic fashion. They decide to kidnap Darvin's younger brother Gilli, who is a film buff. They make a ransom call to Darvin, only to be rebutted. While browsing through the photos on Gilli's phone, Anil finds the photo of a golden statue belonging to the church in their area. He realises that Darvin in the pretext of repairing the church has switched the golden one for a duplicate statue and holds the golden one in his chicken farm. Anil then steals this statue from the farm and starts negotiating with Darvin, knowing that Darvin has a deal fixed to sell this statue to a foreign customer. He asks Darvin to give him his stuff, not new but the exact items were stolen from him. Beginning a cat-and-mouse game, pushing Darvin's patience. The final item is Anil's bike, which was stolen from him and sold to Darvin's rival. Darvin fights with his rival Solomon to get the bike back. However, as Solomon tries to kill Darvin, Anil intervenes and helps Darvin out. Darvin initially plans to finish Anil for good once he tells him the location of the golden statue; however, he has a change of heart after Anil helps him out.

Paragraph 9: The name of Civitella appears for the first time in "Chronica S. Monasterii Casinensis". The country at that time was called Civitella dell'Abbadia for the presence of the monastery of Santa Maria di Casanova. The monastery was the first and most powerful of Abruzzo, the most illustrious and famous of the five Cistercian arising in the land of Abruzzo, and was erected in 1191 by the Countess Margarita, mother of Berardo II, Count of Laureto and Conversano, and was entrusted to the Cistercian Order in the 12th century with a rich endowment. Going forward in time the importance and prosperity of the monastery grew to the point that it, according to the Bindi, boasted among its fiefs the castrum of Rossi, which is to Civitella, the land of Carpineto, Fara, of Cretano of vestige of Brittoli and even the islands of Tremiti. Became so powerful that boast possessions in distant lands, as in Lucera in Apulia, to obtain the consent of Alexander IV in 1258 about the annexation and the total absorption of the thriving as illustrious monastery of San Bartolomeo di Carpineto, a project that was entitled to the political level the following year with a diploma of King Manfred. In times of prosperity, the monastery came to house 500 monks, many of which are devoted to the humanities, the transcription of the text and the thumbnail of the codes. Lived and worked Erimondo, a bookseller and minaturista digit code in Lombard born in Civitella Casanova. And if he is, thanks to the people of the area have been raised by the conditions of the serfs to that of expert farmers. Its codes were taken to Milan in the 17th century by Cardinal Federico Borromeo, abbot of the abbey, who ruled from 1591 until his death in 1631. The splendor of the monastery lasted for about seven centuries, during which the town developed with a certain peace of mind, living in the shadow of the abbey and following the instructions of the Cistercian fathers. We also remind you throughout all these years twinning Abbey Casanova, one of the most important and powerful of Abruzzo, with the Abbey of Casamari. Supervened, then, the decline and destruction by in 1807 during the reign of Joseph Bonaparte. Today there are only a few ruins of the monastery, on the border with the municipality of Villa Celiera. The country therefore had to fight not just in modern times to maintain its own identity and achieve full autonomy, especially in the neighboring countries.

Paragraph 10: A set of similar paradoxes occurs within the area of physics involving arrow of time and causality. One of these, the grandfather paradox, deals with the peculiar nature of causality in closed time-like loops. In its most crude conception, the paradox involves a person traveling back in time and murdering an ancestor who hadn't yet had a chance to procreate. The speculative nature of time travel to the past means that there is no agreed upon resolution to the paradox, nor is it even clear that there are physically possible solutions to the Einstein equations that would allow for the conditions required for the paradox to be met. Nevertheless, there are two common explanations for possible resolutions for this paradox that take on similar flavor for the explanations of quantum mechanical paradoxes. In the so-called self-consistent solution, reality is constructed in such a way as to deterministically prevent such paradoxes from occurring. This idea makes many free will advocates uncomfortable, though it is very satisfying to many philosophical naturalists. Alternatively, the many worlds idealization or the concept of parallel universes is sometimes conjectured to allow for a continual fracturing of possible worldlines into many different alternative realities. This would mean that any person who traveled back in time would necessarily enter a different parallel universe that would have a different history from the point of the time travel forward.

Paragraph 11: In the early 1950s, the New York City hairdresser M. Lewis popularized this style. Singer Toni Tennille of the 1970s pop duet Captain & Tennille wore one as her signature look along with 1976 Olympic champion and 1976 World champion figure skater Dorothy Hamill. In the Oscar-winning film One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, the villainous Nurse Ratched is known for her pageboy. In the Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode "Gone", Buffy has her hair cut into a pageboy. In the 1960s TV cartoon Underdog, the show's damsel in distress Sweet Polly Purebred (voiced by Norma MacMillan) has this hairstyle as her trademark look. AnnaSophia Robb as Violet Beauregarde and Missi Pyle as Violet's mother Scarlett Beauregarde in Tim Burton's film version of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory both sport pageboys. In the 2003 TV series All Grown Up! (a spin-off of Rugrats), Angelica Pickles (voiced by Cheryl Chase) sports a pageboy. Velma Dinkley, of the various Scooby-Doo animated series, has worn a short pageboy from her first appearance. Rei Ayanami from Neon Genesis Evangelion wears a shaggy pageboy. At the end of the Japanese anime series Kill la Kill, Satsuki Kiryuin cuts her hair into a page style. In John Green's novel The Fault in Our Stars, narrator and main character Hazel Grace Lancaster sports a pageboy haircut. The most prominent women to wear pageboys in the 1970s and 1980s were actress Joanna Lumley as the character Purdey in television's The New Avengers, and Diana, Princess of Wales. In fact it was also known as the "Purdey Cut" and the "Lady Di" in the UK at the time.

Paragraph 12: The storyline of Injustice: Gods Among Us features an alternate reality where the Joker has tricked Superman into killing Lois Lane and their unborn son and destroying Metropolis with a nuclear explosion. This tragedy completely ruins Superman's moral compass to the point of no return and the Kryptonian murders the Joker in retaliation. As time passes, he establishes a new world order, with himself as the High Councilor. Soon enough, Superman's iron-fisted rule triggers a war between the Regime and those allied with the Batman's Insurgency. High Councilor Superman begins a relationship with Wonder Woman who becomes one of his most devoted followers. Damian Wayne eventually sides with Superman against his father and kills Victor Zsasz. Cyborg also joins the Regime due to sharing his anger over the destruction of Metropolis. Dick Grayson is accidentally killed by Damian Wayne, which creates an even further rift between himself and his father, who mourns the death of his adopted son while Damian eventually adopts Dick's mantle of Nightwing. Harley Quinn leads a group called the Joker Gang who idolizes the Joker and fights alongside the Insurgency against the Regime. Both Black Adam and Billy Batson (Shazam) join the Regime. Hal Jordan becomes Yellow Lantern after joining the Sinestro Corps. which has allied itself with Superman's Regime against the Green Lantern Corps. The Green Arrow is killed by the Regime, leaving behind the Black Canary who is pregnant with their son Connor. The Black Canary is saved by Doctor Fate who transports her to an alternate Earth where Oliver Queen is still alive, though he has lost his Black Canary. Five years into the war, the Insurgency discovers an alternate universe where the Joker's plan did not succeed and transports several of its superheroes (Wonder Woman, the Batman, Aquaman, the Green Arrow, and Green Lantern) to their world in order to help them defeat the Regime. Also in this universe, Lex Luthor never becomes a criminal and instead he is a selfless businessman, best friend of this world's Superman and cares for the people of Metropolis, though he secretly sides with the Batman against the tyrannical Superman, only to be killed in battle. Together with the alternate universe Justice League and the Regime Flash, who defects from the Regime after Superman murders Captain Marvel when he objects to Superman's plans to attack cities, the Regime Superman is defeated and imprisoned in the Red Son prison along with fellow Regime members Cyborg and Damian Wayne (Nightwing). Hal Jordan and Sinestro are imprisoned on Oa by the Guardians. The Flash allows himself to be taken into custody to face charges for his role in the Regime. After the Regime's fall, Bruce Wayne works to rebuild the world after the fall of the Regime. The alternate Justice League return to their universe.

Paragraph 13: Rubrics can be classified as holistic, analytic, or developmental. Holistic rubrics integrate all aspects of the work into a single overall rating of the work. For example, "the terms and grades commonly used at university (i.e., excellent – A, good – B, average – C, poor – D, and weak – E) usually express an assessor's overall rating of a piece of work. When a research article or thesis is evaluated, the reviewer is asked to express his or her opinion in holistic terms – accept as is, accept with minor revisions, require major revisions for a second review, or reject. The classification response is a weighted judgement by the assessor taking all things into account at once; hence, holistic. In contrast, an analytic rubric specifies various dimensions or components of the product or process that are evaluated separately. The same rating scale labels may be used as the holistic, but it is applied to various key dimensions or aspects separately rather than an integrated judgement. This separate specification means that on one dimension the work could be excellent, but on one or more other dimensions the work might be poor to average. Most commonly, analytic rubrics have been used by teachers to score student writing when the teacher awards a separate score for such facets of written language as conventions or mechanics (i.e., spelling, punctuation, and grammar), organisation, content or ideas, and style. They are also used in many other domains of the school curriculum (e.g., performing arts, sports and athletics, studio arts, wood and metal technologies, etc.). By breaking the whole into significant dimensions or components and rating them separately, it is expected that better information will be obtained by the teacher and the student about what needs to be worked on next." (Brown, Irving, & Keegan, 2014, p. 55). Developmental rubrics are analytical but also meet developmental characteristics described below.

Paragraph 14: for outstanding courage, conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life above and beyond the call of duty, during an encounter with about 100 armed terrorists of the New People’s Army at Upper Limot, Tarragona, Davao Oriental, on 12 February 1988, while serving as a member of the Operational Team 1103, 11th Special Forces Company, Home Defense Group (Airborne) Philippine Army. When the combined patrol groups composed of a reinforced platoon of the 433rd Philippine Constabulary Company, the Operation Team 1103 and the Civilian Home Defense Forces were ambushed, Sergeant Granfil fearlessly, with determination and fierce fighting spirit, charged towards the pinned down lead elements of the government forces to provide the crucial cover and counter fires, the swiftness and effectiveness of which caught the enemy by surprise, thus inflicting upon the terrorists several casualties at this crucial stage of the combat action. By accurate and controlled fires and maneuver, he kept the stunned enemy at bay. Driven further by a deep sense of duty and the highest ideal of the profession of arms, he crawled stealthily towards the wounded at great risk to his life, and despite intense enemy fire, successfully retrieved his fallen buddies, including the already wounded Patrol Leader Lieutenant Rolito Bordeos of the Philippine Constabulary, whom he dragged out of the perilous killing zone to a relatively secured area. To prevent the enemy from getting the firearms of the wounded, he systematically recovered twelve high-powered firearms of the wounded which, with admirable presence of mind, he distributed to the Civilian Home Defense Force, since many of whom had no firearms in order to strengthen the fire power of the beleaguered government forces to seize the initiative and engaged the enemy in a well-directed and controlled fire. Under intense and continuous barrage from the enemy, Sergeant Granfil, having repaired a M60 Machinegun of Constable Second Class Reguyal, which earlier malfunctioned, boldly returned fires towards the well-emplaced and numerically superior enemy force. Despite his sensing the advance of the reinforcing rebels coming from the main body, he steadfastly stood his ground and fiercely fought with automatic fires and grenade launchers, while interchangeably operating the 60 millimeter mortar until the enemy withdrew, leaving behind 37 terrorists killed and several others wounded. This conspicuous and heroic act of Sergeant Granfil prevented the complete annihilation of the beleaguered troops, the saving of many lives and prevented the loss of government properties. By this display of exceptional courage and a high degree of leadership, Sergeant Granfil distinguished himself in the field of combat in keeping with the highest tradition of Filipino Soldiery, thereby earning honor and glory not only for himself and the Philippine Army but also for the Armed Forces of the Philippines."

Paragraph 15: Nick was on an expedition with the militia when he observed the arrival of Walker and his people to the community to settle there. Later he toasted with the rest for the union of both groups and a better future. Unfortunately, these ideals did not last long when one of the ranchers fired on the natives and this led all the natives to decide to arm themselves for protection. With the mission of stripping all the weapons that the residents of the ranch possessed, Nick along with Walker, Madison visited Troy's house to search for any weapons he possessed, but the mission turned into a war field when the deranged man attacked the natives shot. Accompanying his friend in an attempt to calm him down, Nick finally had no choice but to reveal that his father had not committed suicide, but that he had killed him. Nick becomes Troy's successor in the militia, and he cautions them to bide their time. When the natives try to take possession of the main well but Nick, armed with the ranchers' last pistol, leads a sit-in. There is a run for water, draining the aquifer. The militia move on the native guards but at the last moment is inspired by efforts to tap a new well. When Troy visits Nick in the night, this his warns him that the ranch will be destroyed. However Nick and Jake set out to find Troy and discover him using the grenade launcher to guide a herd of walking dead toward the ranch. Troy explains that the herd will force the people into the desert, as he was, and only the fittest will survive. Jake holds Troy at gunpoint but hesitates on learning that Nick killed their father and Alicia kept it secret. When the infected herd invades the ranch provoked by Troy, Nick and Troy drive through the herd and become trapped in the helicopter. Ofelia and Crazy Dog ignite the ranch's fuel depot. Madison, Strand, and Walker return and rescue Nick, Troy, and Alicia. After leaving the ranch that was overrun with the infected, Madison and Nick take care of Ofelia who reveals that she was bitten during her stay in the pantry. Nick goes on a binge of drugs and drinking, wrangling Troy into joining him, eventually wading through a group of walking dead when Nick confesses that he can't go with Madison. The next morning, Daniel agrees to let Madison's group come to the dam but Nick and Troy decide to stay at the bazaar. Nick is warned by Troy, that the proctors want to attack the dam, while Strand tells Nick to get his family out, having made a deal with the Proctors but no longer being able to guarantee anyone's safety. Nick is then questioned by Daniel about the herd, giving Nick another reason to get them out. However, when Madison learns that Troy led the herd she murders him in front of Nick. Strand opens a gate for the Proctors. As the Proctors overrun the dam, Strand takes the detonator and hides Madison and Nick. Beginning a fierce discussion with his mother, in which the boy recriminated his actions of killing everything that stood in his way, Madison clarified that he would never be able to put his life before his son's, despite his opinion otherwise. Holding Strand at gunpoint, Strand informed them that Alicia was at the facility, so they reluctantly agreed to Strand's plan to escape the prey safely. However, the operation was frustrated with the appearance of Lola, who in revenge for the death of all her people faced the supervisors until she was killed by John. Reuniting with his sister and being convicted along with his family and Victor for nearly ruining the supervisors' plans, Nick removed the detonator from Victor's pocket while hugging him and ordered his family to escape while he sacrificed himself. Despite receiving tactical support from a distance from Walker and Lee with their sniper, Nick was forced to detonate the bombs ahead of time and as a result, he could only watch as the raft his family was on ended up being dragged by the stream.

Paragraph 16: An example of what Asimov called his "late style," the story is a journalist's recollection of the events surrounding the discovery of an anti-gravity device in the mid-21st century. Heavy with physics theory, the story describes the relationship between the creator of the device, the billionaire inventor Edward Bloom, and his former classmate James Priss, a Nobel Prize-winning theoretical physicist who had developed most of the theory that made the device possible. The men are expert billiards players and bitter rivals. Challenged to execute a shot on a table which is equipped with the device, Priss sends a ball on a complicated trajectory, which finishes when it enters the device's field. At that point the ball vanishes and Bloom collapses, dead. There is a mysterious hole drilled completely through his chest.

Paragraph 17: The Phillies opened the season on the road for the first time since the opening of Citizens Bank Park in 2004; they defeated the Washington Nationals in their first game of the season, 11–1, behind seven innings from Roy Halladay and a grand slam from Plácido Polanco. Ryan Howard moved into a tie for fifth place on the franchise's all-time home run list by hitting his 223rd, matching Greg Luzinski's career total. He passed Luzinski the following day with a two-run home run to center field off of Jason Marquis in Philadelphia's 8–4 victory, sealing the team's first 2–0 start since the 2003 season. They did not complete the sweep, however, as the Nationals won the third game of the series, 6–5, after newly acquired relief pitcher Nelson Figueroa allowed an RBI double to Ryan Zimmerman in the seventh inning. The Phillies took sole possession of first place by defeating the Houston Astros in the opener of their second series on April 9, defeating Brad Mills' new club, 8–0; Raúl Ibañez broke out of a spring slump by collecting three hits and a walk in four official at bats. Jamie Moyer's first start of the season resulted in the Phillies' fourth win, backed by another Howard home run; Philadelphia scored 41 runs in their first 5 games. A complete-game victory for Halladay in his second Phillies start sealed the series sweep for Philadelphia, as they defeated the Astros, 2–1, on April 11. Halladay notched both the 150th win and 50th complete game of his career. In the home opener against Washington, Jimmy Rollins was scratched from the starting lineup due to a calf strain—which later sent him to the disabled list—and Jayson Werth left the game in the fourth inning with a sore hip; however, the Phillies scored five runs in the fifth inning to come from behind and defeat the Nationals, giving Hamels his second victory of the season. Figueroa earned his first victory as a Phillie on April 14 when Philadelphia defeated Washington in the second game of the series, 14–7; their 7–1 start was the best to open a season since 1993, when they appeared in that year's World Series against the Toronto Blue Jays. The bullpen, however, allowed a 4–2 lead to turn into a 7–5 loss in the final game of the series; Danys Báez allowed three runs on home runs by Adam Dunn and Zimmerman to take the loss.

Paragraph 18: In a letter of July 1971 Cardoso, who at that time was secretary of the Local Spiritual Assembly of Fortaleza in Brazil, wrote, on behalf of that Assembly, that "it is our intention to create an international Baháʼí Esperanto organisation". With this letter he included a first draft of the constitution of the proposed organisation in which its main aims were defined, namely, the publication of Baháʼí literature in Esperanto, the dissemination of the Baháʼí Faith amongst the Esperantists and the promotion of Esperanto in the Baháʼí Community. He also enclosed with his letter a list (all together 18 names) of Baháʼí Esperantists in Brazil (8), India (1), Spain (1), Iran (1), Portugal (1) and the USA (6). It is very likely that Cardoso's letter was addressed to these 18 people. Also enclosed with his letter was another list, compiled by Roan Orloff-Stone, that contained the names and addresses in 13 different countries of 47 further persons, almost half of them being in the USA. In addition Cardoso began to produce and distribute a newsletter entitled "Komuna Bahaa Letero" ("Communal Baháʼí Newsletter"), which later grew into the official BEL Newsletter. It was then during the 57th Esperanto World Congress in Portland, Oregon (USA), that the nine participating Baháʼís consulted together and decided to write to the Universal House of Justice to seek its approval for the founding of a Baháʼí Esperanto organisation. After consulting with "Hand of the Cause of God" Adelbert Mühlschlegel, who according to them was "enthusiastic" about this proposal, the Universal House of Justice gave their consent in a letter dated 19 March 1973 (18.19.129 BE), a date which effectively marks the birth of the Baháʼí Esperanto League. In issue No. 5 (April 1973) of "Komuna Bahaa Letero" the House of Justice's consent was announced to all the Baháʼí Esperantists who were known to the initiators of the project. Simultaneously, application forms for membership in the League were sent out, together with voting slips for the election of the League's first managing committee.

Paragraph 19: is a national university in the city of Chiba, Japan. It offers Doctoral degrees in education as part of a coalition with Tokyo Gakugei University, Saitama University, and Yokohama National University. The university was formed in 1949 from existing educational institutions in Chiba Prefecture, and over a period of years absorbed Chiba Medical University (1923-1960), a preparatory department of the Tokyo Medical and Dental University, Chiba Normal School (1872-1951), Tokyo Polytechnic High School (1914-1951), Chiba Horticultural High School, among others. Chiba University was reincorporated in 2010 under the National University Corporation Act. Chiba University has been ranked 168th on the Asia University Rankings 2019 Top 100 by "The Times Higher Education". Its abbreviated form is Chibadai (千葉大).

Paragraph 20: Spears performed the song for the very first time at her L'Oreal Hair Zone Mall Tour in New York City, USA on July 1, 1998. As part of promotion for "(You Drive Me) Crazy"s release as a single, Spears performed it at the 1999 MTV Europe Music Awards and at the 1999 Billboard Music Awards. It was also performed on five concert tours, the first being the ...Baby One More Time Tour (1999). The show began with a dance introduction by Spears' dancers among smoke effects. She appeared shortly after at the top of the staircase wearing a hot pink vinyl tube top and white vinyl pants with pink knee patches. During the 2000 leg of the tour, entitled Crazy 2k Tour, Spears changed the opening sequence of the show; the show started with a skit in which the dancers came out of lockers and stayed in the stage until a bell rang. They all sat until a female teacher voice started calling their names. After the teacher called Spears, she emerged at the top of the staircase in a cloud of smoke, wearing a top and white stretch pants, to perform a short dance mix of "...Baby One More Time". She then entered one of the lockers and appeared in another one on the opposite side of the stage to perform "(You Drive Me) Crazy", which included a chair dance sequence referencing Janet Jackson's "Miss You Much" music video that ended with Spears saying "Is that the end?", quoting Jackson's phrase from the video. The song was once again performed in a dance-oriented form on the Oops!... I Did It Again Tour (2000–2001), while on the Dream Within a Dream Tour (2001–2002), the performance featured Spears being captured by her dancers. "(You Drive Me) Crazy" was also performed on The Onyx Hotel Tour (2004). For the tour, the song was remixed with elements of latin percussion. "Crazy" would not be performed by Spears for another nine years until it was included on the setlist of her Las Vegas residency show, Britney: Piece of Me (2013–2017).

Paragraph 21: During the Second World War, he was conscripted into the Royal Navy and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal as signalman in a minesweeping flotilla "for distinguished service, efficiency and zeal" in clearance of mines in the Aegean and operations during the relief of Greece 1944–45. During his Navy service, he lost the tip of the third finger of his right hand while using a bread slicer. At the end of the war, he chose to remain in the Navy, but was discharged in 1948 because of a stomach ulcer. He joined the Merchant Navy as a baggage steward with P&O, but left after a recurrence of the complaint.

Paragraph 22: The contemporary landscape of central New York is primarily a result of glacial activity between one million and ten thousand years ago. The last glacier to recede (starting about 19,000 years ago and leaving New York entirely approximately 11,000 years ago) deposited the Valley Heads Moraine, a prominent geological feature that separates the St. Lawrence watershed from the Susquehanna watershed. Before the deposition of the Valley Heads Moraine, glaciers had deepened the many north-south oriented valleys that characterize the region. These valleys originally were streams that flowed to the south. The moraine formed a series of lakes in the valleys. Drainage was still to the south over the moraine until the glacier retreated far enough to the north to allow escape of the waters along the southern edge of the glacier. At an elevation of about 900 feet, the glacial lakes filling the finger lakes valleys joined to form an interlocking system of lakes to the west (glacial Lake Warren ). At first Lake Warren continued to drain to the west, but as the ice retreated west of Rome, New York, flow shifted to the east into the Mohawk-Hudson River system. As the ice continued to retreat, a series of east-west channels were cut by the easterly flowing glacial meltwater. According to Fairchild, the westernmost of these was the gully that runs from near Mud Pond about 4 miles north-northeast of Skaneateles and 4 miles north-northwest of Marcellus and empties into Nine Mile Creek 2 miles south of the Village of Marcellus. The water was impounded in the Otisco Valley (glacial Lake Marcellus), and the delta formed where debris carried by this meltwater stream was deposited as it entered the lake can be easily seen on topographic maps. The meltwater soon continued draining to the east, carving the channel now known as Pumpkin Hollow that leads east from the Village of Marcellus. With the continuing northward retreat of the glacier, meltwater deepened the Nine Mile Creek Valley and cut the Camillus Valley that runs east from Martisco to the Village of Camillus. For a time this channel discharged to the east towards Syracuse at an elevation of about 500 feet. Eventually the glacier receded far enough north to open the channel near Rome New York that resulted in the formation of Glacial Lake Iroquois at an elevation of about 440 feet. Lake Iroquois had a relatively long existence, but 13,400 years ago the collapse of an ice dam led to the rapid draining of Lake Iroquois, and Nine Mile Creek started to assume its present form.

Paragraph 23: Following reunification, the post became the property of the Bundesvermögensverwaltung. An initial plan to turn it into a center for education was scuppered by the resistance of the Hessian government of the day, which insisted on "renaturalizing" it. OP Alpha thus was supposed to be removed along with the other remaining observation posts at the inner German border. However, for a while a use as accommodation for asylum-seekers was envisaged. This use of the facility lasted from 1991 to 1994/95. In early 1994, a citizens' initiative was formed to prevent the post's destruction and turn it into a memorial. Although the Thuringian authorities supported the idea, the Hessian government opposed it. In spring 1995, the last asylum-seekers left the facility, which by now was in a terrible state of repair and was scheduled to be demolished. An association (Grenzmuseum Rhön Point Alpha e.V.) was founded, seated in Geisa, to prevent this from happening. The Verein gained increasing political support for its cause and the site was declared a "listed monument" by the Hessian , although work on demolishing it had already begun. The site was secured and in 1997 a caretaker was hired. To make use of public funds from Thuringia, a second association was set up in 1997, Mahn-, Gedenk- und Bildungsstätte Point Alpha e.V., with its seat at Geisa. The reconstructed border fortifications were completed in 1998 and a first permanent exhibition was opened in one of the camp huts. With the new Hessian state government of Roland Koch taking over in 1999, support from this direction increased. In 2000, two memorials at OP Alpha were inaugurated. One celebrates the American soldiers who risked becoming the first victims of a war with the Warsaw Pact. The other commemorates the victims of the division of Germany and the architects of reunification.

Paragraph 24: That these flights were possible a few days after Japan's surrender was the result of a lack of clarity about what had occurred. Although Japan had unconditionally surrendered, when Emperor Hirohito had made his announcement over the radio, he had used formal Japanese, not entirely intelligible to ordinary people and, instead of using the word "surrender" (in Japanese), had mentioned only "abiding by the terms of the Potsdam Declaration." Consequently, many people, especially in Japanese-occupied territories, were unsure if anything had significantly changed, allowing a window of a few days for the Japanese air force to continue flying. Although the Japanese and Bose were tight lipped about the destination of the bomber, it was widely assumed by Bose's staff left behind in Saigon that the plane was bound for Dairen on the Manchurian peninsula, which, as stated above, was still under Japanese control. Bose had been talking for over a year about the importance of making contact with the communists, both Russian and Chinese. In 1944, he had asked a minister in his cabinet, Anand Mohan Sahay to travel to Tokyo for the purposes of making contact with the Soviet ambassador, Jacob Malik. However, after consulting the Japanese foreign minister Mamoru Shigemitsu, Sahay decided against it. In May 1945, Sahay had again written to Shigemitsu requesting him to contact Soviet authorities on behalf of Bose; again the reply had been in the negative. Bose had been continually querying General Isoda for over a year about the Japanese army's readiness in Manchuria. After the war, the Japanese confirmed to the British investigators and later Indian commissions of inquiry, that plane was indeed bound for Dairen, and that fellow passenger General Shidea of the Kwantung Army, was to have disembarked with Bose in Dairen and to have served as the main liaison and negotiator for Bose's transfer into Soviet controlled territory in Manchuria.

Paragraph 25: The largest neighborhood of Amsterdam-Zuidoost is Bijlmermeer, planned in the 1960s as a modern, functional 'town of the future' in accordance with the principles of the Swiss architect Le Corbusier. In total, 18,000 homes would be built, 13,000 of which were in highrise tower blocks, many of them built together to form a distinct "honeycombed" pattern. Roads were elevated above the ground, with separate routes for cars, buses, bicyclists and pedestrians. The main architect of Bijlmermeer was Siegfried Nassuth. Construction of the Bijlmermeer began in 1963. The first tower block, named Hoogoord, was completed in 1968. The last of the 13,000 apartments was completed in 1975. In 1977, Amsterdam's first metro line was opened, connecting Zuidoost to the city center and Amsterdam Centraal.

Paragraph 26: "Too Little Too Late" was one of the first prospective songs from the album that Herbert played for JoJo. The singer claims she wanted to record the song as soon as she heard it for the first time, elaborating, "When my team heard that song, they knew I could hit the sweet spot, musically and in terms of subject matter." According to Vibe, the overall more mature, personal sentiment of the album prompted her to record "Too Little Too Late", having experienced both her first love and first heartbreak since the release of her self-titled debut album. The song was recorded at both Cryptic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Sony Music Studios in New York, New York. The songwriters got along both with JoJo and her mother Diana Levesque, who is also her manager, so well that they later returned to the studio to co-write a second song for the album with JoJo herself, entitled "How to Touch a Girl". In regards his musical style, JoJo described Steinberg as "more of a classic writer and producer." Having previously written several successful singles throughout the 1980s and 1990s for artists such as Madonna, Cyndi Lauper, The Bangles, Whitney Houston and Heart, Steinberg, aged 56 at the time, realized he is older than JoJo (15) and Alexander (24) combined while working in the recording studio with the two younger artists but didn't find it difficult to write lyrics appropriate for them, explaining, "I think that the part of me that writes lyrics isn’t really old or young ... I think the lyrics flow out in a way that has an honesty to it." On the difference between writing for younger versus older artists, Steinberg explained "you don't really know it's for somebody younger ... I've almost never really sat down and said, 'I'm going to try to write one that would be good for somebody younger.' I just write a song, and then if somebody younger likes it, then they sing it."

Paragraph 27: The President of the United States of America, in the name of Congress, takes pride in presenting the Medal of Honor (Posthumously) to Lieutenant Colonel (Infantry) Don Carlos Faith Jr. (ASN: O-46673), United States Army, for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action above and beyond the call of duty while Commanding the 1st Battalion, 32d Infantry Regiment, 7th Infantry Division, in action against enemy aggressor forces at Hagaru-ri, (Chosin Reservoir) North Korea, from 27 November to 1 December 1950. When the enemy launched a fanatical attack against his battalion, Lieutenant Colonel Faith unhesitatingly exposed himself to heavy enemy fire as he moved about directing the action. When the enemy penetrated the positions, Lieutenant Colonel Faith personally led counterattacks to restore the position. During an attack by his battalion to effect a junction with another U.S. unit, Lieutenant Colonel Faith reconnoitered the route for, and personally directed, the first elements of his command across the ice-covered reservoir and then directed the movement of his vehicles which were loaded with wounded until all of his command had passed through the enemy fire. Having completed this he crossed the reservoir himself. Assuming command of the force his unit had joined he was given the mission of attacking to join friendly elements to the south. Lieutenant Colonel Faith, although physically exhausted in the bitter cold, organized and launched an attack which was soon stopped by enemy fire. He ran forward under enemy small-arms and automatic weapons fire, got his men on their feet and personally led the fire attack as it blasted its way through the enemy ring. As they came to a hairpin curve, enemy fire from a roadblock again pinned the column down. Lieutenant Colonel Faith organized a group of men and directed their attack on the enemy positions on the right flank. He then placed himself at the head of another group of men and in the face of direct enemy fire led an attack on the enemy roadblock, firing his pistol and throwing grenades. When he had reached a position approximately 30 yards from the roadblock he was mortally wounded, but continued to direct the attack until the roadblock was overrun. Throughout the five days of action Lieutenant Colonel Faith gave no thought to his safety and did not spare himself. His presence each time in the position of greatest danger was an inspiration to his men. Also, the damage he personally inflicted firing from his position at the head of his men was of material assistance on several occasions. Lieutenant Colonel Faith's outstanding gallantry and noble self-sacrifice above and beyond the call of duty reflect the highest honor on him and are in keeping with the highest traditions of the U.S. Army.(This award supersedes the prior award of the Silver Star (First Oak Leaf Cluster) as announced in G.O. No. 32, Headquarters X Corps, dated 23 February 1951, for gallantry in action on 27 November 1950.)

Paragraph 28: Sanders' other portraits published in magazines include; English screenwriter and studio executive Joan Harrison, 1945; a scene from the film The Yearling, directed by Clarence Brown in 1946, which features American actors Claude Jarman Jr., Jane Wyman, and Gregory Peck; Actress Hildegard Knef on the streets of Germany, 1947; skater Jill Linzee, 1948; French cardinal Eugène Tisserant, April 1948; West German Economic Chief, Erhard Ludwig, May 1949; architect and designer Ernst Schwadron, June 1950; German Nazi concentration camp guard Ilse Koch on trial for the murder of inmates at Buchenwald, December, 1950; Marcel Breuer, architect, at Breuer Cottage on Cape Cod, August 1950; Irish-born magazine editor Carmel Snow with French fashion designer Coco Chanel in New York, December 1952; General James A. Van Fleet, 1953; Herbert Pulitzer in New York, March 1954; American politician and US Vice President (and later President) Richard M. Nixon talking to politician, author and editor Clare Boothe Luce and US Secretary of State John Foster Dulles in Washington DC, March 1956; Chinese Pei-Chao Li, separated from husband for seven years due to US immigration restrictions, 1956; American artist and sculptor Alexander Calder with a maquette of his mobile for Idlewild International Airport, 1957;  the barmaid at a restaurant where Rudolf Invanovich Abel and his agents met, August 1957; American businessman and Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus Catholic fraternal organization Luke E. Hart on the bleachers at Yankee Stadium, April 1957;  Scientists Dr. Vladimir Zworykin and Dr. John Biesele viewing cancer cells, magnified on the screen of color TV monitor at the Rockefeller Institute in July 1958; artist Marisol Escobar with her carved wooded sculptures, New York, 1958; American lawyer Paul A. Porter at the Arden House Economic Conference, New York, 1958; Canadian ice hockey player Lou Fortinato, of the New York Rangers, his broken nose covered by bandages, February, 1959; the wife of Canadian Prime Minister, Mrs. John Diefenbaker dressed for dinner with Queen Elizabeth; Widow Evalyn Gibson crying over a photo of her husband Orville in a newspaper; Opera singer Marian Anderson in front of an earlier photo of her 1939 free concert at the Lincoln Memorial, 1960; American jeweller Harry Winston at his 5th Avenue store, New York, March 1960; designer Pauline Fraccia of R&K Originals, 1960; Welsh screenwriter Keith Winter (1906 - 1983); fashion manufacturer Max Matlick, of Zelinka-Matlick,  in the Garment District, New York, 1960; American fashion designer Oleg Cassini; John F. Kennedy on the campaign trail, September 1960; and physicist Lise Meitner with others at a reunion for Nobel Prize-winners held at a resort on Lake Constance, Lindau, Germany in 1962.

Paragraph 29: On 9 May 1945, The New York Times reported that a body was claimed by the Soviets to belong to Hitler. This was disputed by an anonymous servant, who stated that the body was that of a cook who was killed because of his resemblance to Hitler, and that the latter had escaped. On 6 June 1945, the United Press reported that four bodies had been found in Berlin resembling Hitler, purportedly burnt by the Red Army's flame throwers. One body was considered most likely to be that of Hitler. A few days later, on Soviet leader Joseph Stalin's orders, Soviet Marshal Georgy Zhukov presented the official narrative that Hitler had escaped, stating, "We have found no corpse that could be [his]." In mid-1945, a Soviet major told American sources that Hitler had survived and claimed of the place in the Reich Chancellery garden where his body was said to have been burned, "It is not true that Hitler was found there! Our experts have established that the man found here didn't look like Hitler at all. And we didn't find Eva Braun either!" During their Soviet captivity, SS valet Heinz Linge, SS guard Josef Henschel, and Hitler's pilot Hans Baur were questioned about whether Hitler escaped by leaving a body double. From 1951 to 1972, the National Police Gazette ran stories asserting that SS physician Ludwig Stumpfegger had switched out a double for Hitler to help the dictator fake his death.

Paragraph 30: In 2011 Agricantus receive the award for the Mediterranean culture Bodini, that the group will dedicate to Amnesty International, which will be present at their live for the fiftieth anniversary of the founding, doing a series of concerts and TV broadcasts. In May 2012 Agricantus play in Barcelona in support of free radio, will be published in a CD with songs of all participants in the festival. On August 7, 2012 on Rai Uno Tonj Acquaviva announces the release of the new concept album Kuntarimari, thematic work inspired by the tales of the sea with various collaborations of international musicians. And in an interview on August 10 Ecoradio, send a preview of the title track of the album "Kuntarimari".  In October 2012, the Agricantus have the Cd Kuntarimari in Barcelona the seat of the SGAE (Spanish Society authors publishers). In November, the album will be presented to the “house of the Italian” with a screening of the documentary "Agricantus by Tonj Acquaviva" dedicated to the greatest composer of the band. The presentation will be made at the concert Tradicionarius, the theater more representative for world music in Barcelona, within the festival "Cose di Amilcare," in collaboration with the Catalan festival "Barnasants." Creator of the festival Sergio Sacchi Secondiano "cultural soul" of the Club Tenco, (the festival that in 1996 awarded the Targa Tenco Group Agricantus) of the event will be made a CD, "Cose di Amilcare" with songs of all participants in the festival. At the end of 2012 Mario Crispi, Mario Rivera and Paolo Dossena meet and decide to resume production of Agricantus through the project "reunion", calling on all artists who in the past had contributed to the creative level in various capacities, including, Acquaviva and Wiederkehr. Acquaviva and Wiederkehr respond negatively to the invitation, because in full activity with Agricantus. Immediately after, unbeknownst to Acquaviva and Wiederkehr, Paolo Dossena, Mario Rivera and Mario Crispi register the mark Agricantus claiming to be the sole holder of the right to represent continuity with the original project. In the same year, Rivera, Crispi and Dossena create the formation "Agricantus Reunion" involving the musician Federica Zammarchi, as female voice, and Giovanni Lo Cascio on drums. With this lineup the band does some concerts and participates in the video / single Uommene / Omini produced by :Blob, Amnesty International and Legambiente. In August 2013 Tonj Acquaviva and Rosie Wiederkehr released the album Kuntarimari with Discmedi / Warner Music editions España receiving an excellent reception from audiences and critics. In 2014 Agricantus Reunion publish Turnari, early exit of the single 'Nsunnai and its video, nonché dal Concerto del Primo Maggio 2014 tenuto a Piazza San Giovanni a Roma, as well as from the Concerto del Primo Maggio 2014 held in Piazza San Giovanni in Rome, where Federica Zammarchi is considered to be the new voice of Agricantus Reunion.  Following the controversy triggered by the contemporary use of the name between, Mario Crispi, Mario Rivera, Paolo Dossena on the one hand, and on the other Tonj Acquaviva and Rosie Wiederkehr, the two sides, confirming the two different paths, testify to the bitter legal conflict still course.  To avoid overlapping Tonj Acquaviva and Rosie Wiederkehr decide to use Agricantus "by Acquaviva."