Paragraph 1: The band's signing to a major label led to a minor name change. The addition of U.S.A. to the band's name was the result of a legal agreement with the British electronic group, Spring Heel Jack. It was done to avoid potential confusion between the two musical acts on album covers and live performance advertisements. While some considered it an actual name change, the band rarely referred to themselves as anything but Spring Heeled Jack. Spring Heel Jack was expected to add UK to their name, as part of the agreement, but this never occurred. With this legal business out of the way, the label booked the band to record at the legendary Hit Factory recording studio in New York City. The same studio had previously been used by musicians such as John Lennon, Bruce Springsteen, & The Rolling Stones. The resulting album was Songs From Suburbia, released in 1998. To promote the album, the band toured extensively with bands such as Reel Big Fish, The Mighty Mighty Bosstones and Dance Hall Crashers. One such performance, at Roseland Ballroom, was filmed for use in an episode of the HBO music series, Reverb. They also performed on several dates during the 1999 Warped Tour. The band also filmed their second video, for the song "Jolene". The song was about the band's first tour van, which, by the time the video was filmed, had been sold in order to purchase a new one. The band didn't feel right about doing the video without the original van and it was bought back. After filming, the van was sold yet again. Some fans from Connecticut were upset when the novelty license plate, shown in the video, was from New York. This was a circumstance of the video being filmed in New York City and therefore the prop plate that was made for the video, was from New York City as well. The video received minimal MTV airplay but a clip of the video appeared regularly as part of the introduction to the daily MTV show, I Spy Video.

Paragraph 2: Boston Scientific was formed  years ago, on June 29, 1979, in Watertown, Massachusetts, as a holding company for the medical products company, Medi-Tech, Inc., and to position the company for growth in interventional medicine. Medi-Tech was the brainchild of Itzhak Bentov, a Czech-born emigre to Israel and then to the United States, who worked at the Arthur D. Little think tank in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and ran a contract research company from his rented house in Belmont, Massachusetts, a venture he founded in 1965 with a business friend, Dan Singer. In 1967 he was asked by Boston Beth Israel Hospital radiologists to design a steerable, remotely controlled catheter; a series of engineering designs, polymer improvements and prototypes led to the release of a new steerable angiography catheter in 1969. That year John Abele joined the small company with an option to buy, and a year later he exercised his option with Cooper Labs as a business partner, and the operation was moved – out of Bentov's lab in the basement of the rectory of a Catholic church in Belmont – to Watertown. After a decade of steady growth, by chance Abele met Pete Nicholas in their neighborhood in Concord, Massachusetts. Their partnership hinged on Nicholas' goal to build business enterprises and Abele's predilection for the vision and potential in noninvasive surgical instrumentation; they gathered backers in the Boston banking community to buy out the Cooper Labs interest and form the new corporation.

Paragraph 3: Joined Curtis at Rolla, Mo., January 1862. Curtis' Campaign in Missouri and Arkansas against Price, January to March 1862. Advance on Springfield, Mo., February 2–11. Pursuit of Price into Arkansas February 14–29. Battles of Pea Ridge, Ark., March 6–8. March to Batesville April 5-May 13, then marched to Helena, Ark., May 25-July 14. Duty at Helena until October. Moved to Sulphur Springs, Mo., October 5–11. Pittman's Ferry, Ark., October 27 (3 companies). Moved to Pilot Knob, Mo., October 28–30. March to Patterson November 2–4, to Reeve's Station December 9–10. Return to Patterson December 18. Moved to Van Buren December 21–24, and toward Doniphan January 9–10, 1863. To Alton January 14–18, and to West Plains and Salem, Ark., January 28-February 2. To Pilot Knob and Ironton February 2–27. Moved to St. Genevieve and to Cape Girardeau March 8–12. Operations against Marmaduke April 17-May 2 (Company G). Mill Creek Bridge April 24 (detachment). Duty in southeast Missouri until June. Richfield, Clay County, May 19 (detachment). Ordered to New Madrid, Mo., June, and duty in District of Columbus, Ky., until January 1864. New Madrid, Mo., August 7, 1863 (1 company). Expedition from Union City, Tenn., to Conyersville September 1–10 (detachment). Conyersville September 10, Ordered to Vicksburg, Miss., January 1864. Meridian Campaign February 3-March 5. Meridian February 14–15. Marion February 15–17. Canton February 28. Red River Campaign March 10-May 22. Fort De Russy March 14. Occupation of Alexandria March 16. Henderson's Hill March 21. Battle of Pleasant Hill April 9. Cloutiersville and Cane River Crossing April 22–24. At Alexandria April 27-May 13. Moore's Plantation May 5–7. Bayou Boeuf May 7. Bayou LaMourie May 12. Retreat to Morganza May 13–20. Mansura May 16. Yellow Bayou May 18–19. Moved to Vicksburg, Miss.; then to Memphis, Tenn., May 22-June 10. Lake Chicot, Ark., June 6–7. Smith's Expedition to Tupelo, Miss., July 5–21. Pontotoc July 11. Camargo's Cross Roads, near Harrisburg, July 13. Tupelo July 14–15. Old Town Creek July 15. Smith's Expedition to Oxford, Miss., August 1–30. Tallahatchie River August 7–9. Abbeville and Oxford August 12. Moved to Duvall's Bluff, Ark.. September 1–6. Pursuit of Price through Arkansas and Missouri September 7 to October 6. Mineral Point, Mo., September 27. ordered to St. Louis, Mo., October 6. A detachment of veterans and recruits at Franklin, Mo., until November. Ordered to Paducah, Ky., November 7; then moved to Nashville, Tenn., and Columbia, Tenn., November 22–26. Temporarily attached to 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, XXIII Corps. Columbia November 26–27. Battle of Franklin November 30. Battles of Nashville, Tenn., December 15–16. Pursuit of Hood to the Tennessee River December 17–28. At Clifton, Tenn., and Eastport, Miss., until February 1865.

Paragraph 4: In 1917, he hailed the Russian Revolution as the beginning of that global revolution. In June that year on medical advice he moved to Bern, Switzerland. Here he was in contact with a group of Russian revolutionary exiles who shared news of the revolution with him. Following the Bolshevik seizure of power also enabled him to send a letter to Vladimir Lenin wishing him luck and offering him help (23 December 1917). Lenin's two replies arrived in February 1918. One wished him well with his health, the second requested him to find a some socialist experts, whether in Holland or Switzerland who could help in the restructuring of the banking system and setting up a state trading company. Gorter replied that month in a letter explaining that he had such people, but also raised political concerns over the direction of the Russian Revolution: Lenin had sanctioned the granting of concessions to the peasantry as regards establishing small scale agricultural production through land reform, whereas Gorter saw Communist Revolution in Western Europe, particularly in German and England arising from the seizure of power by the industrial working class, and saw extending property rights to small peasant businesses as undermining this. He also thought that the right to national self-determination should and could only be realised in Western Europe as part of a socialist revolution. In September 1918, he wrote to Lenin again concerning the failure of the Dutch Social-Democratic Party to oppose the imperialism of America, France and Britain with the same vigour they opposed German imperialism. He implored Lenin to write something in support of this view. Lenin responded sending a copy of State and Revolution, which Gorter offered to translate. Gorter also complained that the 4 members of parliament elected by the had voted in favour of relief aid from the United States, and thus were siding with an imperialist faction.

Paragraph 5: Mount Gay Rum is named for Sir John Gay Alleyne, 1st Baronet of Four Hills. He was a trusted friend of John Sober, who purchased the Mount Gilboa Plantation/Distilleries from William Sandiford in 1747.  Sir John Gay Alleyne agreed to become the manager of the company at John Sober's request. Sir John Gay Alleyne was so effective at leading the company, and earned such a widely respected reputation internationally as a business manager and community leader, that the company was renamed in his honour after his death in 1801 at the proposal of his longtime friend John Sober, whose estate benefited greatly over the years under Sir John Gay Alleyne's effective management. As there was already a Mount Alleyne in existence on the island of Barbados, the company was renamed Mount Gay Distilleries, incorporating the beloved Sir John Gay Alleyne's middle name. In 1757, Sir John Gay Alleyne was elected to the Parliament of Barbados, for the Parish of St. Andrew, a seat he held for the next forty years, with only a break in 1771. He became Speaker of the Barbados House of Assembly in 1767, serving until 1770 and after another two years was reappointed until 1779. Alleyne was named a Baron of Four Hills on 6 April 1769. According to Hilary Beckles, historian and principal of the University of the West Indies – Cave Hill Campus, Sir John Gay Alleyne was a popular leader among the planter elite and a great philanthropist. He was also one of the most influential voices of his time to speak out against the institution of slavery. On 29 April 2010, while speaking at the Founder's Day service at Alleyne School, which was founded by Sir John Gay, alumnus and guest speaker Monsignor Vincent Blackett stated that Sir John Gay Alleyne should certainly be named one of Barbados' National Heroes.

Paragraph 6: Ian Thorson was a close student of Roach and McNally and served as their attendant after he began attending lectures at Three Jewels Outreach Center in New York City in 1997. In 2000, Thorson's mother hired anti-cult investigators to stage an intervention after her suspicions grew. In 2010, one year after the dissolution of her marriage to Roach, McNally married Thorson. A few weeks later, they entered a three-year retreat at the Diamond Mountain Center; McNally was appointed as the retreat director and guiding teacher. After reports emerged of a series of erratic and even violent episodes between Thorson and McNally, and bizarre behavior by McNally in talks to the community, the Diamond Mountain board of directors asked McNally and her husband to leave the retreat, giving them a few hundred dollars and offering them airfare to any desired destination. Thorson and McNally left the Diamond Mountain property, setting up camp in a cave on Bureau of Land Management property within the retreat boundaries, secretly supplied by a number of retreat participants who felt themselves loyal to the pair. Thorson, aged 38, died in April 2012 of dehydration and exposure while McNally, then 39, would recover from dehydration and exposure. Authorities said that there was no suspected foul play in his death, and that there was no criminal responsibility on behalf of Roach. However, several journalists have noted that Roach's unorthodox teachings through ACI fostered dangerous outcomes. The whereabouts of McNally have been unknown since this deadly incident.

Paragraph 7: In the Cartesian view, the distinction between these two concepts is a methodological necessity driven by a distrust of the senses and the res extensa as it represents the entire material world.  The categorical separation of these two, however, caused a problem, which can be demonstrated in this question: How can a wish (a mental event), cause an arm movement (a physical event)? Descartes has not provided any answer to this but Gottfried Leibniz proposed that it can be addressed by endowing each geometrical point in the res extensa with mind. Each of these points is within res extensa but they are also dimensionless, making them unextended. 

Paragraph 8: Predominantly an R&B and soul album, The Diary of Alicia Keys was largely influenced by 1960s and 1970s music, with Keys calling music from that era "some of the best music ever created". Lyrically, the album mostly explores complexities of romantic relationships, following their different stages. However, some songs address social issues, such as materialism ("If I Ain't Got You") and war ("Wake Up"). The album opens with the intro "Harlem's Nocturne", a classical track with "hip-hop drums", which introduces the album as a diary in which Keys would express her thoughts. Horn-infused alternative hip hop song "Karma" follows; it contains excerpts from Violin Concerto in D major, Op. 77 by Johannes Brahms. Titled after the concept of karma, the song follows the narrator whose former lover wants to restart their relationship despite leaving her before, but she has moved on; the lover is now in the position she was once in, and in being rejected receives his just deserts ("what goes around comes around"). The third track "Heartburn" "marries the explosive brass and choppy guitars of a Blaxploitation soundtrack to a beat bearing the influence of visionary producer Timbaland". "If I Was Your Woman"/"Walk on By" is a double cover of "If I Were Your Woman" by Gladys Knight & the Pips and "Walk on By" by Isaac Hayes. The album's lead single "You Don't Know My Name" contains excerpts and a sample of "Let Me Prove My Love to You" by The Main Ingredient. An R&B-soul song, "You Don't Know My Name" follows Keys as a waitress who fell in love with a customer; the song is interrupted by a spoken-word interlude, which is Keys' phone call to her love interest in which she asks him out. Keys was inspired by Aaliyah's death and the September 11 attacks when writing the album's sixth track "If I Ain't Got You", as those events made her realize what's truly important in life. The soul-jazz song condemns materialism: "Some people want diamond rings / Some just want everything / But everything means nothing / If I ain't got you, yeah".

Paragraph 9: Adults of both sexes have a black cap joining a black postocular stripe behind distinctive white eyebrows. Their backs and flanks are gray and they have paler gray underparts; they have a short black bill, and a black bib. The typical adult wingspan is , and the overall length is . The Mountain Chickadee is one of 55 species of Chickadees and Tits. The mountain chickadee can be distinguished from other North American chickadees because mountain chickadees are marked with a white line through the side of their black cap, whereas all other North American chickadees have a solid black-cap. Another difference between the mountain chickadee and the 55 other species of chickadees is their location, range, and habitat.

Paragraph 10: The College campus, located near Interstate Highway 81 on the western boundary of the City of Watertown, consists of ten permanent buildings, athletic fields, and ample parking for its commuter student body. Jefferson's first on-campus student housing, east hall, opened in the Fall 2014 semester for full-time students. The 294-bed residence hall features fully-furnished suite-style units designed to accommodate 6, 5 and 4 students. In March 2016, the College opened the brand new Collaborative Learning Center, named for the College's 3rd president, John W. Deans. The first floor contains academic support services for students including academic coaching, placement testing, transfer counseling, career planning and job placement, veterans services and the Strategies To Achieve Results (STAR) and EOP programs. The second floor is home to tutoring services, the College library and media center. 

Paragraph 11: In 1823 he was captured in Afghanistan by Habib Ullah Khan, the nephew of Dost Mohammed Khan. Habib Ullah was fighting his uncle for the throne of Kabul, and he recruited Gardner to his cause as the commander of 180 horsemen. After an attack on a pilgrim caravan Gardner married one of the captives, a native woman, and went to live in a fort near Parwan where a son was born. When Habib Ullah was defeated in 1826, Gardner's wife and his baby boy were murdered by Dost Mahommed's forces.  Later that year Gardner fled north with a few companions and near the River Oxus his party was attacked by fifty horsemen: they lost eight out of their thirteen men and the survivors were all wounded but able to escape. Their route now lay towards Badakhshan and the valley of the Kokcha; the Oxus was finally crossed opposite the Shakhdara to reach the valley of Shignan. From this point his narrative is fragmentary and difficult to understand, large parts being highly improbable or impossible. He claimed to have reached Yarkand on 24 September but the year is uncertain, either 1827, 1828 or 1829 are possible, certainly he was there by 1830.  He returned to Afghanistan, and visited Kafiristan, possibly the first westerner to do so. In August 1831 he left Afghanistan as an outlaw for the Punjab, where he was appointed Commandant of Artillery. He served in this position for many years before he was transferred to the service of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, where he was one of between 32 and 100 Western soldiers in Ranjit's army. He was later promoted to the rank of colonel by Maharaja Ranjit Singh.

Paragraph 12: The feminist theory of gender archaeology gave archaeologists a new perspective of the past. This modern structure for theoretical perspective addressed many of the patriarchal biases instilled in the interpretation and excavation of past archaeology. Modern methods "treat gender as a process, not a thing".  The new gender studies introduced biases in archaeological theory. This shift of focus is theorized to be from the increase in women in the archaeological field and from the change in the social interpretation of gender. Women archaeologists began in the last twenty years, focusing on how the gender roles of our ancestors are not being represented correctly and also the gender roles were not as rigid as once believed.  The theory supports that prior archaeologists were not equipped to differentiate between the sex and gender of our ancestors. Due to this lack of technology, scientists made assumptions about a variety of topics including the division of labor between the sexes and past societies' views of sexual anatomy and desires. This caused a gap in our understanding of past social structures. Gender archaeology pushes for theories that are gender inclusive, unbiased, and factual.

Paragraph 13: Performance measurement should not be reduced to the evaluation of fund returns alone, but must also integrate other fund elements that would be of interest to investors, such as the measure of risk taken. Several other aspects are also part of performance measurement: evaluating if managers have succeeded in reaching their objective, i.e. if their return was sufficiently high to reward the risks taken; how they compare to their peers; and finally, whether the portfolio management results were due to luck or the manager's skill. The need to answer all these questions has led to the development of more sophisticated performance measures, many of which originate in modern portfolio theory.  Modern portfolio theory established the quantitative link that exists between portfolio risk and returns. The capital asset pricing model (CAPM) developed by Sharpe (1964) highlighted the notion of rewarding risk and produced the first performance indicators, be they risk-adjusted ratios (Sharpe ratio, information ratio) or differential returns compared to benchmarks (alphas). The Sharpe ratio is the simplest and best-known performance measure. It measures the return of a portfolio over above the risk-free rate, compared to the total risk of the portfolio. This measure is said to be absolute, as it does not refer to any benchmark, avoiding drawbacks related to a poor choice of benchmark. Meanwhile, it does not allow the separation of the performance of the market in which the portfolio is invested from that of the manager. The information ratio is a more general form of the Sharpe ratio in which the risk-free asset is replaced by a benchmark portfolio. This measure is relative, as it evaluates portfolio performance about a benchmark, making the result strongly dependent on this benchmark choice.

Paragraph 14: Fourteen years later, as Shenshin and Becker's marriage, registered in Germany, proved to be legally void in Russia, Afanasy had to change his surname from Shenshin to Foeth, that of his biological father. This proved to be an exceptionally traumatic experience for the boy, aggravated as it was by the fact that back in Darmstadt Johann Foeth refused to acknowledge him as his son. According to Tatyana Kuzminskaya (Sophia Tolstaya's sister), Fet's "greatest grievance in life was the fact that he was not a legitimate Shenshin like his brothers (who treated him as an equal) but the out-of-wedlock son of Foeth, a German Jew. But he couldn't bring himself to admit that the name Fet was so much superior to that of Shenshin, and that he himself had made it so through his poetry, a fact which Leo Tolstoy tried in vain to convince him of."

Paragraph 15: The historic district of Old Town Newhall (a.k.a. Downtown Newhall) is a major cultural and business center. It contains many independent restaurants, stores, and theaters, as well as a public library. Notable businesses in Old Town Newhall include Newhall Refinery (a gastropub), Newhall Press Room, The Old Town Junction, Brewery Draconum, Jazmin's Bakery, Commando Military Surplus, Pulchella Winery, National Glass, The Schiitr (a home audio store), Placerita Liquor, Santa Clarita Valley Food Pantry, and Hotel Lexen. The areas surrounding Old Town Newhall are predominantly Hispanic, and there are many Mexican restaurants including La Charrita, El Pueblo, El Taco Llama, and El Pariente. Theaters in Old Town Newhall include Canyon Theater Guild, The Main, and Laemmle. The Old Town Newhall Farmers Market is located on the grounds of the public library. Other notable sites in the area include the William S. Hart Park; Newhall DMV; Newhall Elementary School (part of the Newhall School District); Newhall Metrolink station; Newhall Terrace, Newhall Crossings, and Californian apartment complexes; Veterans Historical Plaza; First Presbyterian Church of Newhall; Unity Center mosque; Newhall Community Center; and the historic Saugus Train Station (Heritage Junction). The official Old Town Newhall website describes it as "Santa Clarita's premier arts and entertainment district." The Hart and Main wedding and event venue is scheduled to open in spring 2022. Some of the recent developments in Old Town Newhall have been described as gentrification.

Paragraph 16: The song was partially inspired by Martha & the Vandellas's 1965 song "Nowhere to Run", which Jackson originally considered covering for the album, but instead chose to record a new song after a suggestion from producer Jimmy Jam. After the proposal, Jackson and her producers developed the song's initial idea, which was based on having an anthem-like feel, and "Escapade" became one of the first songs to be recorded for the album. Jam also described the song's production and recording process, saying "While she was sitting in one room coming up with the lyrics, I put it on the 24-track. We hooked the drum machine up. On my left hand I played the bass, on the right hand I played the chord. And it was just enough for her to sing to, which we do a lot. Because we like to let her sing to as minimum of a track as we can do, then fill in the track around her so that her part is the main part of the song. With 'Escapade,' she sang it and we kept saying we'll go back and redo the track...we never redid the track. There's a keyboard bass and another thing, and that was it. All we added were the overdubs, little bells ... because we'd gotten so used to the feel of the track, the mistakes and all, we ended up leaving it the way it was."

Paragraph 17: In 1947, Fountain was elected to the North Carolina Senate where he served until 1952 when he was elected to the 83rd Congress as Representative from the Second Congressional District of North Carolina. He was reelected to each Congress through the 97th, at which time he did not seek reelection. He was a signatory to the 1956 Southern Manifesto that opposed the desegregation of public schools ordered by the Supreme Court in Brown v. Board of Education. As the price for his vote for legislation supporting the War on Poverty, he demanded the firing of deputy director Adam Yarmolinsky, who, while with the Defense Department, had helped force integration of public places near military bases in North Carolina.

Paragraph 18: William Meadows, the son of the curate of Epworth in North Lincolnshire, is sent to sea as a boy after his father dies. He finds himself ill-suited to a nautical life and leaves the ship at Archangel in Russia in the final years of the reign of Peter the Great (the 1720s). He falls foul of John Ernest Biren, the principal minister of Empress Anna, who ruled Russia from 1730 to 1740 and returns to England. His sister and brother-in-law rent a farm from. Earl Danvers (Richard Herbert) of Axholme. Lord Danvers, who has seen some of William's correspondence with his sister from his time in Russia, invites him to Millwood Park; he is fifty, a widower with one remaining son, Lord Bardsley who is 11. Lord Danvers, a solitary man with a tendency to melancholy, gives William the job of secretary and reveals his extraordinary history.  Richard dislikes his status and financial prospects as a younger son whose brother, Arthur, will inherit the earldom from their cousin, Robert. When Arthur unexpectedly dies in a duel in Austria and his wife, Irene, dies shortly after giving birth, Richard hides the identity of his infant nephew. Arthur's servant, Cloudesley, brings up the boy in Italy and marries the servant of the boy's mother, Eudocia. They call him Julian Cloudesley. Richard returns to England and marries Selina and they have four children. All but one of them die at the age of eleven, and Selina dies. Cloudesley tries to convince Richard that he should reveal his secret and restore the boy to his position and entitlements, but Richard refuses. Eudocia dies, and Cloudesley goes to Britain to confront Richard, but when he is away Cloudesley's friend, Borromeo, with whom he has left the 18-year-old Julian, writes to say that Julian has gone missing. Julian found it difficult to live with Borromeo, a blue beard character, and left to join his friends in the countryside whom he does not know belong to a group of bandits. Cloudesley is shot by one of the bandits, Francesco, and his secret about Julian's birth is left with his misanthropic friend, Borromeo. Robert dies, making Richard Baron Alton and Earl Danvers. Having formed a close bond with the chief bandit, St. Elmo, Julian returns to them. Borromeo writers to Lord Danvers to tell him of Cloudesley's death and of Julian's disappearance. Danvers sends Meadows to find Julian, who is now 21. Julian is about to be executed with the rest of the bandits. Meadows asks the consul-general to intervene, but he is only prevailed upon to do so when Lord Danvers arrives to confess his guilt. Danvers is dangerously ill and has recently lost his last child. St. Elmo, Francesco, and the rest of the gang are executed and Julian is released. Lord Danvers is buried according to his wishes in an unmarked grave in Naples. Witnesses are produced in England to corroborate the truth of Julian's birth for the English courts, and Meadows writes to Borromeo to inform him of what has happened. Borromeo learns that “The true key of the universe is love” (289). He renounces his misanthropy and proclaims that the most important human trait is “disinterested affection” (289).

Paragraph 19: Clement of Alexandria says: "Because of the angels". By the angels he means righteous and virtuous men. Let her be veiled then, that she may not lead them to stumble into fornication. For the real angels in heaven see her though veiled. Clement of Alexandria explicated this: "It has also been commanded that the head should be veiled and the face covered, for it is a wicked thing for beauty to be a snare to men. Nor is it appropriate for a woman to desire to make herself conspicuous by using a purple veil." Tertullian explains that in his days, the women of the Corinthian church from the age of puberty onwards (unmarried and married) were practicing Christian headcovering despite the fact that non-Christians in the region did not observe this ordinance; as such, the practice of Christians was countercultural. In his deliberative treatise De virginibus velandis ("On the Veiling of Virgins") Tertullian argumented from scripture, natural law and Christian disclipline that from puberty virgins ought to be veiled when in public. The custom of some Carthaginian consecrated virgins not being veiled when the church gathered was sharply criticised as being contrary to the truth. This is only 150 years after the Apostle Paul wrote 1 Corinthians. He said, "So, too, did the Corinthians themselves understand [Paul]. In fact, at this day the Corinthians do veil their virgins [and married women]. What the apostles taught, their disciples approve." "Early church history bears witness that in Rome, Antioch, and Africa the custom [of wearing the head covering] became the norm [for the Church]." The historian Cory Anderson stated that the reason for this is because the early Church understood Saint Paul's instruction to apply to the whole church. Origen of Alexandria () wrote, "There are angels in the midst of our assembly… we have here a twofold Church, one of men, the other of angels… And since there are angels present… women, when they pray, are ordered to have a covering upon their heads because of those angels. They assist the saints and rejoice in the Church." In the second half of the third century, women praying with their heads covered is mentioned as church practice by St. Victorinus in his commentary of the Apocalypse of John. The early Christian Acts of Thomas, written in Syriac Aramaic, assigns Hell as the fate of women who did not wear a headcovering, stating:

Paragraph 20:  On 1 November 2000 a company de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter had just departed the Vancouver Harbour Water Aerodrome en route to Victoria when its number 2 engine failed at . Even though the aircraft was being flown above VMC it impacted the water about 25 seconds later in a nose-down, right wing-low attitude. The two crew members and 15 passengers all escaped unharmed and were rescued by local watercraft present in the harbour. The Transportation Safety Board of Canada concluded that "Since most air taxi and commuter operators use their own aircraft rather than a simulator for pilot proficiency training, higher-risk emergency scenarios can only be practiced at altitude and discussed in the classroom. As a result, pilots do not gain the benefit of a realistic experience during training." As a result of this accident the company revised its training programs with "increased emphasis on aircraft handling and emergency procedures in response to loss of power at low altitude and low airspeed."

Paragraph 21: The commercial potential of the guesthouse had been greatly enhanced through the opening in 1833 of the Strada d’Alemagna (Road to Germany), now an imperial route linking Venice and the Mediterranean to Cortina and Toblach. Toblach was an important road junction (and from 1871 also the location an important railway station) where travellers could either turn east towards Vienna or west towards Brenner and the main route from Milan to Augsburg and the western German heartland beyond. The times were also propitious. The long period of economic stagnation that had followed a quarter century of warfare had given way to several years of cautious expansion. In Lombardy to the south and in Austria to the north, tentative industrialisation was leading to the expansion of a middle class which would accelerate through the nineteenth century, increasing the number of people with time and money for travel, whether for business or on vacation. Europe's first tourism boom was about to take hold in Austria. Joseph and Emma Hellensteiner were among the first alpine guest-house proprietors to improve quality and raise prices to levels closer to those being charged in the cities. Typical guests at the had hitherto been carriers, merchants and others stopping off en route to other places; but increasingly, by the middle of the nineteenth century, the "Schwarzadler", perfectly located in the main square at Niederdorf/Villabassa was also welcoming tourists. Following the creation of an "imperial route" through the little town, a customs office had also been erected in the town square, close to the hotel, further increasing the number and diversity of well-funded guests for the hotel and its restaurant. "Frau Emma" (as she was becoming known) grabbed at the opportunity to move upmarket, building up from the basic Puster Valley cuisine to a broadened range of dining options, introducing the consistently high standards of the "Biedermeier Cuisine" about which she had learned during her apprenticeship in Salzburg. She also replaced the furniture and fittings in the rooms, raising the quality of the overall offering. If Emma Hellensteiner is remembered today for her reputation as a tourism pioneer, both for her insistence on raising standards and for her personality and the charm with which she unfailingly greeted and looked after the guests, that reputation was based in the first instance on the real-world experience of the hotel guests. (She was by this time completely bilingual in German and Italian.) Hotel guests - especially those motivated by tourism - ere appreciative of the trouble she took when making suggestions as to which way they should walk to find the most scenic routes, the bluest lake, the largest area of open meadow on which to sit and rest, or indeed where to go if they wished to pray in the little church with the best renaissance frescoes: accessing the little "Mooskirche", a fifteen minute stroll from the hotel, built and adorned with frescoes by Paolina Gonzaga, the gifted daughter of Ludovico III of Mantua by his marriage to Barbara of Brandenburg, involved walking past a stretch of uninvitingly marshy ground and would have been almost impossible to find without the detailed directions which "Frau Emma" patiently provided. Every guest was put at ease and made to feel important: each was made to feel at home. Sources insist that Emma Hellenstainer really was the perfect hotel proprietress and hostess. 

Paragraph 22: The Overland Campaign, also known as Grant's Overland Campaign and the Wilderness Campaign, was a series of battles fought in Virginia during May and June 1864, in the American Civil War. Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant, general-in-chief of all Union armies, directed the actions of the Army of the Potomac, commanded by Maj. Gen. George G. Meade, and other forces against Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. Although Grant suffered severe losses during the campaign, it was a strategic Union victory. It inflicted proportionately higher losses on Lee's army and maneuvered it into a siege at Richmond and Petersburg, Virginia, in just over eight weeks.

Paragraph 23: It crosses the River Wharfe south of the breweries of Samuel Smith and John Smith. Near to the right is Oxton Hall, home of Humphrey Smith. At Oxton the road rejoins the former route. On the eastbound side is the Total Bilbrough Filling Station, with the York East former Little Chef and Travelodge at the point where the Roman road (and Ebor Way) join from the west, briefly following the road. In February 2004, work began on a new £11 million flyover at the Colton Lane/Bilbrough Top junction, allowing for the closing of the central reserve. The central reserve had long been an accident blackspot, and residents of the local villages had campaigned for its closure. The flyover was opened on 9 June 2005 by Dr Stephen Ladyman. The BP Bilbrough Top Service Station on the west-bound side was built as well, with a McDonald's. At the turn-off for Askham Richard, the road enters the City of York next to the Buckles Inn. On the left is Askham Bryan College (agricultural), then Copmanthorpe is on the right, followed by Bishopthorpe (where the Archbishop of York lives). There is a junction for York's northern bypass (A1237), which was built in the late 1980s, and on the left is Pike Hills golf club and Askham Bogs nature reserve where the road is followed by NCN 66. The East Coast Main Line (Selby Diversion) passes under the A1036 junction for York to the left. To the east of the junction, the former ECML (through Selby, now NCN 65) is crossed, south of York College. The road then crosses the River Ouse. The  £12 million dual carriageway York Bypass opened in April 1976. It passes under the B1222 and meets the A19 at the Fulford Interchange, near the headquarters of Persimmon plc, and is crossed by the Minster Way, then the Wilberforce Way.

Paragraph 24: Welles, plays himself taking a break from the filming of Othello, is driving in the Irish countryside one night when he offers a ride to a man (played by Michael Laurence) with car trouble. The man relates a strange event that happened to him at the same location. Two women flagged down, asking for a ride to their manor. They invited him in for a drink. The daughter, Lucy Campbell (played by Helena Hughes), was apparently the long lost love of the man's uncle by the inscription read in the cigarette case she admired. {Her first name is not revealed until the end of the story.} After leaving, he went back for his cigarette case but found the manor deserted and decayed. In Dublin, a real estate broker (played by John Dunne) told him the mother (played by Shelah Richards) and daughter had died years ago. The Broker gives him a set of keys to the manor so he can see if his cigarette case is there. Upon arrival, he hears voices and sees his footprints in the dust on the floor. On the fireplace mantle is the cigarette case and as he hears the clock chimes he flees from the house as Lucy cries, "don't go".  Having finished his tale, he shows Welles the cigarette case, who is now sufficiently spooked,  and drops the man off at his home. He leaves in a hurry when the man asks him in for a cup of tea or something stronger as the ghostly women had earlier invited him into Glennascaul. As Welles drives off he passes two flesh, and blood women (played by Isobel Couser and Ann Clery) who wave for a ride, who recognize the actor and he tries to hide his face as he drives past.

Paragraph 25:  Yohmei is Yoh's maternal grandfather and an onmyōji who specializes in divination and exorcism, and utilizes leaf shikigami. Born on July 2, 1919, he is the current head of the Asakura family. While highly respected as an onmyouji, Yohmei acknowledges that it has been difficult to find work in the modern era as fewer people believe in spirits.  His divination techniques, however, are high in demand from the rich and powerful wanting to know their fortunes, so he does not worry about money. Yohmei is also known for using leaf Shikigami, creating and controlling any number of these small Over Souls using small leaves as mediums. Yohmei almost constantly uses these, even outside of combat, to do small tasks like fetching items, holding the newspaper, and so forth. Strangely, these spirits can move through telephone lines.  His favored technique, the Asakura Shiki Onmyōjutsu Hyaku Shikigami (Asakura Style Yin and Yang Technique – Hundred Shikigami) creates countless Shikigami so he can surround an opponent and attack them from all directions at once. Before Yoh was born, Yohmei foresaw that Hao Asakura would be reincarnated in one of his daughter Keiko's unborn twin children and reluctantly decided that he would kill both children upon birth rather than risk allowing Hao to be reborn. However, Yohmei hesitated for a moment as he was hit with remorse for killing his own grandchildren, which was sufficient enough for Hao to summon the Spirit of Fire and escape. Though the Asakuras were disappointed with allowing Hao to escape, they embraced the fact that Yoh, Hao's twin brother, had survived and they believed that Yoh was the family's best chance of finally defeating Hao for good. Since Yoh's childhood, Yohmei has trained him to become Shaman King, though Yoh's lazy and stubborn nature made the task difficult. When Yoh fails to defeat Faust VIII in the qualifying round of the Shaman Fight, he returns in Izumo with Anna and Amidamaru to consult Yohmei on how to improve his furyoku levels; Yohmei suggests a dangerous method – traveling through the Yomi Cave (Tunnel of Tartarus). Before Yoh leaves for the Shaman Fight, he also sends a package containing the Futsunomitama sword to Yoh and later entrusts Anna to deliver the Ultra Senji Ryakketsu to Yoh along with the Asakura family's true relationship to Hao upon realizing that Yoh cannot hope to defeat Hao as he is now. He and Kino later go to the Patch Village during the Shaman Fight when it becomes apparent that Hao is unstoppable; in the manga, they are joined by Keiko, Mikihisa, and the spirit of Yohken Asakura, as they collaborate with the Tao family on how to deal with Hao.

Paragraph 26: The formation is subdivided on several stratigraphic levels, starting with the so-called facies of term A, composed of gypsum and salt, from the Triassic age, supported by the presence of volcanic intercalations of basalt. Above that, there are carbonates of term B alternated at the first with dolomites, pelites and limestones along with marly-silt crimes with plant debris, which had regular influence of a marine environment. That is proved by the presence of ooids, oncoliths, debris of molluscs and benthic foraminifers, being dissolved and recrystallized as sparite. The third level shows a transition between marine and continental deposits, through carbonate palustrine levels and caliche horizons, being continental layers superimposed in stratigraphic continuity over the marine carbonates of the lower Lias (Sinemurian-Hettangian). Those continental layers are rich in coarse volcano-detrital episodes as result of a sedimentary process of high sedimentation rates, where the strata, including the deposit with dinosaur fossils, were deposited on a short time interval, where Middle Jurassic Bajocian-Bathonian carbonate levels, frequent within the Atlas domain, do not exist not in Toundoute. The sedimentation on the Toundoute member has some common characteristics, such as lenticular channels with sieve conglomerate of ~5 m thick (≤ 5m) for visible decametric, composed of several volcanic product materials: blocks of volcanic rocks such as sands made of feldspars; black ferruginous grains from the surface of volcanic rocks in dry periods; and siliceous green fragments from post-eruption processes (veins, microgeodes, nippled concretions).  Also limestone debris with traces of roots and cracks (where, in some parts, traces of dark fine bushy algae filaments are still visible, similar to the genus Girvanella of blue-green algae. Other materials include schist and vein quartz, without bone and wood debris with a good cellular structure. The floodplain-like deposits are divided into two parts, with hard limestone nodules, pink or brick and very irregular, typical of profiles of calcimorph soils formed in climates with pronounced dry phases. Those nodules had a visible reorganization in the channels, as a result of erosion of the alluvial plain by the fluvial network. Finally there are present interlays of fine sandstone often laminated that mark the flood facies from channels in period of flood, being composed only by plagioclase feldspars and in a lesser proportion of orthoclases, along with small ferruginous grains or fine silts of quartz. There is documentation of warm climatic conditions locally, that alternated with wet and dry periods, as is seen on the other formations.  This gave rise to soils with differentiated limestone profiles, such as pedogenetic nodules or caliche. The accumulation in the channels from calcimorphic soil profiles shows the presence of an active erosion on soils with probably sparse vegetation.

Paragraph 27: Giancarlo Tognoni (22 June 1932 - 13 December 2020).Giancarlo Tognoni was an Italian painter, engraver and sculptor.  He was born in Pisa, but continued his studies in Florence, where he attended the art institute of the Tuscan capital. As soon as he graduated, he began his activity as a sculptor and ceramist, then coming to learn the various engraving techniques such as drypoint and etching, which will lead him to be considered one of the most important artists of Italian and foreign engravering art. Towards the end of the 1950s, he lived for some time in Paris, where he met Alberto Magnelli and Gino Severini and where, in particular, he could admire artists such as Jean Fautrier and Hartung. It is in this period, which will mark a transitory but significant season, that Tognoni approaches sign and material painting. At the beginning of the 1960s, he moved to Milan, where he began to attend the artistic circles of the city, spending most of his days at the "Spirale", the famous art printing house.  It is here that Tognoni meets Giuseppe Ajmone and Franco Russoli, with whom he will benefit form a strong friendship. The one with Franco Russoli, director of the Brera Art Gallery, will be a very important partnership, as will put Tognoni in contact with the main artists of the moment, such as Piero Manzoni and Lucio Fontana  and will encourage him to participate in many of the most important national and international exhibitions and reviews.  This is how the first significant successes and recognitions arrive, testimonies that will accompany him later, in his intense activity, both as a painter and as an engraver, but despite which, Tognoni will remain a secluded artist, out of the big spotlights, gathered in his own creativity, as well as study and experimentation. Many of the major Italian and international critics have written about him (Russoli, Ragghianti, Birke, Oberhuber, Santini, Monti, Venturi, Harprath, Freedberg, Bolelli, Nocentini, Perocco, Marchiori, Monteverdi, Miceli, Mugnoz, Carlesi, Gatto, Damiani, De Rosa, Federici, Settembrini, De Martino, Triglia, Paloscia, Luperini, and many others). His works are found in public and private collections: Florence, Gabinetto disegni e stampe degli Uffizi; Vienna, Accademia Albertina; Paris, special collections of the Bibliothèque nationale de France; Pisa, Department of History of Arts, University of Pisa "Collezione Timpano"; Barcelona, Fundació Joan Miró; Milan, Musei del Castello Sforzesco, collection "A. Bertelli"; Venice, International Gallery of Modern Art Ca'Pesaro; Washington, D.C., National Gallery of Art; Pisa, Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa Puteano palace; Lucca, National Museum of Villa Guinigi; Batavia, Illinois, Fermilab; Turin,Fondazione per la Scuola "Educatorio Duchessa Isabella della Compagnia di San Paolo"; Monaco, Staatliche Graphische Sammlung München; Oderzo, Foundation Alberto Martini; Bagnacavallo, Graphics National Center; Carrara Accademia di Belle Arti; Trieste, Revoltella Museum.

Paragraph 28: The origins of the firm date back to 1854 when Junius S. Morgan joined George Peabody & Co. (which became Peabody, Morgan & Co.), a London-based banking business headed by George Peabody. Junius took control of the firm, changing its name to J.S. Morgan & Co. in 1864 on Peabody's retirement. Junius's son, J. Pierpont Morgan, first apprenticed at Duncan, Sherman, and Company in New York City, then founded his own firm with a cousin, J. Pierpont Morgan & Company, in 1864. J. Pierpont Morgan & Company traded in government bonds and foreign exchange. It also acted as an agent for Peabody's. Junius, however, considered some of Pierpont's ventures to be highly speculative. Therefore, Pierpont took on Charles H. Dabney (a connection established when Pierpont was sent to the Azores as a child) as a senior partner, and the firm was known first as Dabney, Morgan, and Company (beginning in 1864) and then "Drexel, Morgan & Co." (in 1871). In those firms, Pierpont used his Peabody connection to bring British financial capital together with the rapidly-growing U.S. industrial firms, such as railroads, which needed financial capital. The Drexel of Drexel, Morgan & Co. was Philadelphia banker Anthony J. Drexel, founder of what is now Drexel University.

Paragraph 29: Siglap in its early days had four kampongs, side by side each other along the coastline, they were from east to west starting from Jalan Hajijah, Kampong Hajijah, Kampong Goh Choo, Kampong Siglap and Kampong Lim Choo which ended near Siglap Road. There were also a small community of Japanese fishermen living in the area, although by the end of World War II (WWII) they had mostly vanished. The inland areas of Siglap consisted mostly of coconut and nutmeg plantations and in 1912 the Frankels bought over these plantations. The Frankels were wealthy Jewish business people originating from Lithuania and had decided to settle in Singapore after accumulating considerable wealth from their sale of rubber, bread and even furniture in Singapore and around the region. They settled in the estate and developed the area by building roads named after famous Operas of their time including Carmen and Aida, which gave rise to the name of Opera Estate as it is known today. They were influential people that welcomed distinguished guests like Albert Einstein to visit and tour the area. At the onset of WWII the Frankels left for the United States. The area as well as along the wider East Coast Stretch saw machine gun pillbox being installed by the British in anticipation of a sea-bound attack by the Japanese that never materialise. During the Japanese Occupation, the coasts of Siglap and several of the nearby hills were used as execution sites in the Sook Ching operation carried out by the Japanese to clear out anti-Japanese personnel, the operation mostly targeted the Chinese population. At the end of the war many mass graves had been found in the area, one of such place was near the junction of Bedok South Avenue 1 and Upper East Coast Road. In 1953 during the heydays of Singapore film making, Cathay-Keris Studio, one of two major film companies in Singapore, set up its studio along Jalan Keris and the surrounding area was commonly used for shooting scenes in the films. In 1962 a huge fire broke out at Kampong Siglap when firecrackers were burnt out of control and set the village ablaze. The few HDB flats built in the area were built in the aftermath of the fire to house the homeless victims. Starting from the mid-1960s, the Government embarked on an ambitious land reclamation project that saw the coastline of the entire East Coast Region shift outwards. As a result, many villagers in the area could not depend on fishing as a form of livelihood and many eventually settled away or were relocated to the neighbouring estates. The reclaimed land was then redeveloped with numerous high rise flats built and the East Coast Parkway was also constructed. The area has throughout history been home to several of Singapore's Presidents, including the first President of Singapore, Yusof Bin Ishak.

Paragraph 30: In the 3-D Tetris mode, a layer disappears when it's filled with blocks, scoring players points which are displayed in the HUD. If blocks stack over the top of the well, the number of layers will go down by one. The game is over when the final layer is lost. One game mode is based on accumulating points, while the other mode requires players to complete multiple levels by clearing all five layers in each. In the Center-Fill mode, players place blocks in symmetrical patterns around center blocks placed in each well's layers. If a block is placed in a layer's center block, it disappears, and any other blocks in the layer will also disappear, if they have been successfully placed in a symmetrical pattern. Points are gained based on the number of blocks in, the complexity of, and the height of the symmetrical layer. A symmetrical pattern is indicated by a symbol shown in the HUD's radar, as well as the player's score. Like the 3-D Tetris mode, layers will be lost if the blocks go over the top of the well, and the game ends when all layers are lost. One variant requires players to complete as many layers as possible, while the other is the same except with obstacles added. The variant Clear It! requires players to clear ten symmetrical layers on each stage to progress to the next stage. In the Puzzle mode, a shape is displayed in the well at the beginning of each stage. Players are tasked with getting to the highest stage possible by placing blocks in the displayed shape to progress to the next stage. At the end of each stage, a stage-ending animation is displayed. If an incorrect shape is placed, the game ends. 3D Tetris includes an option to save high scores and names entered from the 3-D Tetris and Center-Fill modes, along with progress in the Puzzle mode, to a battery backup.