Paragraph 1: Irish orthography is very etymological, which allows the same written form to represent all dialects of Irish and remain regular. For example,  ("tree") is read   in Mayo and Ulster,  in Galway, or  in Munster. A spelling reform in the mid-20th century lead to , the modern standard written form used by the Government of Ireland, which regulates both spelling and grammar. The reform removed inter-dialectal silent letters, simplified some letter sequences, and modernised archaic spellings to reflect modern pronunciation but it also removed letters pronounced in one dialect but not in another. Some words may have dialectal pronunciations not reflected by their standard spelling, they may have dialectal spellings to reflect this.

Paragraph 2: Charles Whitley, a retiree at Sunnyvale Rest Home, thinks he has discovered the secret of youth. He is convinced that if he acts young, he will become young. His oldest and best friend Ben Conroy, whom he has known since childhood, thinks he is going crazy, and is able to persuade the home's superintendent, Mr. Cox that this is the case. Mr. Cox decides to put Charles in isolation and under observation. Ben tries to convince Charles to act as sedate as the other residents in order to avoid this fate, to no avail. While Ben sees aging as an inescapable fact of life, Charles is convinced that Ben's thinking of himself as old is what made him old.

Paragraph 3: Founded in January of 1984, the Landless Rural Workers' Movement of Brazil, was a socialist movement looking to challenge the status quo and promote the rights of labor over capital. Getting their start from the land gifted to them by the Catholic and Lutheran churches, members of this movement's first priority was to attain permanence on their settled land. Once settled, various MST branches were legitimized under the “social function” component of the Republic of Brazil’s constitution, meaning that their contributions to society were recognized by the government. Next, the MST looked for a way to promote their socialist values. The answer came in the form of collectivization, taking inspiration from cooperatives found in Cuba. One MST leader stated “Only agricultural cooperation would allow settlements to best develop their production, introduce the division of labor, allow access to credit and new technologies…”. However, they did not find immediate success as the rationalization of labor in these settlements sparked a great deal of tension between members.  Factors such as the inability to become profitable and the paralleled behaviors between landlords and administrators of the cooperatives stagnated the progress of the MST. However, a reevaluation of the MST’s ideals helped them refocus their struggle. First was the reintroduction of Campones tradition which placed the good of the family or community at center of decisions made on the farms. They also substituted large-scale production and rationalization of labor for subsistence farming which allowed for a less rigid organization of labor. The MST also partook in communal living, another significant element of Campones culture that encouraged families on the same cooperatives to live closely with one another. Finally, money earned by the cooperative was reinvested into the settlement to help sustain their farming technology, healthcare, and educational facilities amongst other things. The success of this rebrand created a number of opportunities for the MST. For example, in 1992 the Confederation of Agrarian Reform Cooperatives of Brazil provided the organization with support on a national level for things like education, technical training, and organizational support. The following year the MST established its first cooperative training course which became a part of the Technical Institute of Training and Research on Agrarian Reform. Furthermore, by 2008 “the MST had helped establish 161 cooperatives of various kinds, including 140 agro-industries”. Additionally, the MST collaborated with the Brazilian government to create economic stability in their settlements through the Food Acquisition Program, which requires 30% of milk served to Brazilian public Schools to be bought from agrarian reform settlements.

Paragraph 4: In the Cartesian view, the distinction between these two concepts is a methodological necessity driven by a distrust of the senses and the res extensa as it represents the entire material world.  The categorical separation of these two, however, caused a problem, which can be demonstrated in this question: How can a wish (a mental event), cause an arm movement (a physical event)? Descartes has not provided any answer to this but Gottfried Leibniz proposed that it can be addressed by endowing each geometrical point in the res extensa with mind. Each of these points is within res extensa but they are also dimensionless, making them unextended. 

Paragraph 5: On May 20, 1847, Lyons informed the Foreign Office in London that he had applied to the Greek Government for compensation for Don David Pacifico, a British subject, for loss of possessions, including documents relating to a substantial claim against the Portuguese government for monies owed. The British Foreign Secretary Lord Palmerston, a philhellene and supporter of the Greek War of Independence of 1821–1829, advised Lyons to have Pacifico compile an itemized valuation of his losses, and, if his statement was proven by satisfactory evidence, to present a note to the Greek Minister of Foreign Affairs requiring him to direct that the sum be paid to Don Pacifico. Pacifico complied on February 22, 1848, and Lyons duly dispatched a demand for payment to M. Drossos Mansolas, the Greek Minister for Foreign Affairs. He also wrote to M. Constantine Colocotronis, the Prime Minister. Colocotronis rejected Pacifico's claims, with the same objections used by his predecessor in office, M. Colettis. The objections of the Greek government were that the claimed damages were impossibly great, with some estimates of the claimed sum as being larger than the value of the Greek Royal Palace, while the Greek government also considered this to be an affair of the Judiciary, not the Executive branch. On August 31, 1848, David Pacifico again wrote to Lyons, mentioning that sixteen months had passed since the incident and satisfaction had not been forthcoming. Moreover, he had been forced to abandon his house during the Easter celebrations of 1848; and he drew to the attention of Lyons that several years earlier two Jews had been massacred at Patras, and likewise the synagogue at Negroponte had been burned down. After additional exchanges of letters among all the parties, on October 15, 1848, Don David Pacifico appealed again to the British Government to obtain the settlement of his claims.

Paragraph 6: Orange Reservoir is a reservoir located in the reservation's northern tract. Within the borders of West Orange, it is owned by the City of Orange and operated and maintained under contract with United Water. It was originally developed during the intense urbanization of northeastern New Jersey in the late 19th century, drawing from the Rahway River. The man-made lake is no longer part of the water-supply system and since the late 2000s (decade) various proposals have been made to allow its use as a recreational resource as part of the Recreational Complex. The complex abutting the reservoir includes a miniature golf course, and a boathouse-restaurant opened in 2011.  Proposals were complicated by the fact that while owned by one municipality, it lies within the borders of another, and it is unclear whether it is taxable. Offers by the Essex County Park System to buy or lease property were put in place as a possible resolution. The county was able to reach an agreement to lease the reservoir from the City of Orange until 2032. In November 2013 it was announced that bridges and other improvements for recreational use would be made.

Paragraph 7: Caribbean monk seals had a relatively large, long, robust body, could grow to nearly  in length and weighed . Males were probably slightly larger than females, which is similar to Mediterranean monk seals. Like other monk seals, this species had a distinctive head and face. The head was rounded with an extended broad muzzle. The face had relatively large wide-spaced eyes, upward opening nostrils, and fairly big whisker pads with long light-colored and smooth whiskers. When compared to the body, the animal's foreflippers were relatively short with little claws and the hindflippers were slender. Their coloration was brownish and/or grayish, with the underside lighter than the dorsal area. Adults were darker than the more paler and yellowish younger seals. Caribbean monk seals were also known to have algae growing on their pelage, giving them a slightly greenish appearance, which is similar to Hawaiian monk seals.

Paragraph 8: The Middle Awash research region is located south of Hadar and crosses the present Awash River. The area's palaeoanthropological significance was identified by Taieb in the 1960s, after geological work began in 1938. Between 1975 and 1978 Rift Valley Research Mission in Ethiopia conducted additional research, followed by their team in 1981. Sedimentary layers in Ethiopia's Afar depression's Middle Awash research area have revealed vertebrate fossils, including the world's oldest hominids. The hominid-bearing layers are 4.4 million years old, according to radioisotopic dating, geochemical examination of interbedded volcanic ashes, and biochronological factors. Sedimentological, botanical, and faunal evidence point to the Aramis hominid inhabiting a forest environment. The first deposits discovered are found around the western edge of Afar. Bio chronologically, these are from the late Miocene. They haven't found any skeletons of hominids. The heaviest and most broadly exhibited Middle Awash layers are Pliocene deposits, which crop out east and west of the current river. After Gen Suwa identified hominid fossils in the Aramis headwaters on December 17, 1992, the inquiry focused on the area revealed between both the upper Adgantoli and lower Sagantole drainages. On the sides of the center complex, older sediments were gradually elevated above the Awash river bottom and are now uncovered. Between 3.5 and 4.5 Myr, the Rift Valley Research Missin in Ethiopa 'Aramis' and 'Haradaso' members were biochronologically identified. The species A. afarensis, which is presumed to be descended from the Aramis hominids, is thought to have exhibited a wide range of ecological tolerances, as evidenced by the fact that its bones have been discovered in rather open settings. It's probable that early Aramis hominids avoided these rather open areas, which would have predated A. afarensis's spread out of woodland habitats. This could explain why there are so few basals in l Pliocene hominid remains in non-woodland locations in the Middle Awash and elsewhere.

Paragraph 9: Seda has appeared in more than two dozen movies, including Bad Boys II (2003) as Roberto, as well as numerous television appearances. Aside from Homicide, he has had notable roles as Dino Ortolani in Oz, Matty Caffey in  Third Watch, Paul Falsone (in a Homicide crossover with Law & Order), House, and CSI: Miami. He is featured as one of the three leads in the  HBO World War II mini-series The Pacific (released on March 14, 2010), portraying Marine John Basilone. Seda appeared as a guest star in an episode of Burn Notice, and in 2007 he made a cameo appearance in Ludacris' song "Runaway Love", as an abusive, alcoholic stepfather.

Paragraph 10: The dinar replaced the first Sudanese pound  (SDP) on June 8, 1992, at a rate of SD 1 = £S.10. On January 10, 2007, a second Sudanese pound (SDG) was introduced at a rate of 1 pound = 100 dinars. According to the Bank of Sudan, the dinar was to have stopped circulating after a six-month transitional period. The pound and the dinar were to be accepted as legal currency side by side during the six-month period but cheques would be cashed in pounds from the commercial banks. The Bank of Sudan began distributing the new currency to commercial banks and sent consignments of banknotes to the south in 2007. This second Sudanese pound became the only legal tender as of July 1, 2007.

Paragraph 11: The Moore 24 is a development of Grendal, a prototype sailboat that was intended for a Transpacific Yacht Race for boats under  in length. That race was never held, but Grendal went on to win the 1970 Midget Ocean Racing Class (MORC) championships. Grendal had a beam of under , but the production boat was given a wider beam of . The Moore 24 also received a raised deck to increase headroom below, a relocated keel and a new sail plan. Development has continued though the production period of the boat and production boats in 2021 were all flush-decked, with open transoms, while remaining class-legal.

Paragraph 12: In 1533 he accepted the ideas of the Anabaptists, and was baptized in Delft by Obbe Philips. According to the Mennonite Encyclopedia, "He was an influential figure in Anabaptism's consolidation period following the fall of Münster." He rejected the violence of Münster, but theoretically accepted polygamy (he is not known to have practiced it). After the Münster debacle, a number of diverse disciples of Hoffman gathered for counsel at Bocholt in 1536. Joris had some success in highlighting their common beliefs, while defusing the ideas of those who wanted vengeance. He believed that God would take vengeance, but that the saints should not. He promoted compromise on the question of polygamy, stating he thought the number of wives a man had was not important, as long as the family obeyed God. The group made no decision on the issue. David Joris remained on the "mystic" edge of Anabaptism, leading by citing dreams, visions and prophecies. Against this is his rationalist approach to the topic of the devil and supernatural evil. David Joris anticipated the views of Thomas Hobbes, John Epps and John Thomas in interpreting the devil as an allegory. He adapted in his own interest the theory of three dispensations: the old, with its revelation of the Father, the newer with its revelations of the Son, and the final or era of the Spirit.

Paragraph 13: The extraordinary success of Mrika led to an encounter between Enver Hoxha and Jakova. Hoxha asked Jakova to write another opera, this time on Albanian national hero, Skanderbeg, but Jakova answered that "operas are not like loafs which can be put in the oven at any time". It is reported that Hoxha laughed at that response and that he immediately assured Jakova, that he personally would provide to all the necessary conditions to guarantee the opera's success. Skënderbeu would indeed premiere 10 years after Mrika and was of a much better artistic quality then Mrika. Jakova worked very intensively on the music while at the same time he had other responsibilities as the director of the House of Culture and also teaching assignments. He spent several months only on the work of separating the Turkish music from the Arabic one, which was one of the elements of the opera, and many classical composers struggled with, because of the very distant relationship between classical music and oriental one. Wen Jakova finished the opera, he brought it to Tirana for an approval, but he was asked to review many parts of it. Jakova categorically refused to revise, eventually Fadil Paçrami, then Minister of Culture, backed him up. Although Skënderbeu was a great success, and Jakova was congratulated by Enver Hoxha, the vicissitudes of its realization had heavy consequences on Jakova's spirit. This occurred when Jakova's mother was paralyzed at home. The stress accumulated and the despair of a heavy life without recognition, brought him to attempt to kill himself on 9 September 1969, by throwing himself from the second floor of the House of Culture of Shkodër. He eventually died a few days later, on 16 September 1969 in a Tirana hospital, from the fatal wounds. The people of Shkodër, shocked and embittered for the great composer, organized an imposing funeral procession for Albania's greatest musician and composer of that time. The procession was unattended by public authorities, with the exception of the secretary of the Albanian League of Writers and Artists. The death ceremony was accompanied by the sounds of the musical band of the city of Shkodër, which Jakova himself had created.

Paragraph 14: The CMLL crew took less than 15 minutes to set up the steel cage for the main event, which was fast for the type of cage that CMLL uses. After the cage was assembled the participants for the Infierno en el Ring match came to the ring, tecnicos first (Ángel de Oro, Ángel de Plata, Ángel Azteca Jr., Diamante, Fabián el Gitano and Sensei) followed by the rudos (Doctor X, Hooligan, Puma King, Tiger Kid, Monster and Histeria). Before the match it was announced that there would be a three-minute time limit where wrestlers were not allowed to escape the cage. Once the bell rings all 12 wrestlers began fighting, some pairing up against the wrestlers they had been feuding with for a while, Dr. X and Fabián el Gitano, Los Ángeles and Puma King and Tiger Kid. The theme of the match was "every man for himself", demonstrated by Hooligan as he was the first man to escape after the time limit expired, distracting his teammate Doctor X in order to escape the cage. Ángel de Oro and Ángel de Plata both climbed the cage at the same time, only to have Ángel de Plata pull his brother off the cage so he could escape himself. While the other wrestlers were preoccupied Monster saw an opening and climbed out of the cage, the third man to escape the match. Moments later Sensei becomes the fourth man to escape the cage, keeping his mask safe. The brother team of Puma King and Tiger Kid are the next to try to escape the cage, but like with the Ángel brothers Tiger Kid prevented his brother from escaping so that he could get out of the cage himself. Out next was Ángel Azteca Jr. who climbed over the cage to ensure he would not have to fight for his mask that night. Puma King and Ángel de Oro seemed to work together to escape the cage, only for Puma King to double cross Ángel de Oro so that Puma King could escape the cage. With Diamante's escape there are only four wrestlers left in the ring. Histeria quickly abandons fellow rudo Doctor X to escape the cage, saving his match for the second time in a week. In the cage Ángel de Oro accidentally hit Fabián el Gitano when he was trying to hit Doctor X. This gave the Doctor an opening to escape the cage, choosing to leave the cage instead of trying to punish his rival Fabián el Gitano further.

Paragraph 15: After long training and practice, Zinga becomes an international opera star and succeeds in all kind of concerts and dramas. This brings him wealth and fame that he has never dreamt of. Yet he feels alienated from his African past, always being sarcastic towards his slave-born identity as his being referred as the Negro King. One day after a great performance, Zinga is instructed to give a speech about what he feels about his success. Not good at public speaking, he sings an old song derived from his long lost childhood memory that he barely remembers and into which has to put some words. In the song, he himself is regarded as a ‘wanderer’ and ‘hears the cold felt by his people’. John has a feeling that by singing the song he may find out some information about his origins, which means much to him. The result does not fail him. The song is moving and invokes one of the audience's memories about the song. He comes to the dressing room at the back of the stage and talk to John about what he knows. John then finds out that his ancestor belongs to the island of Casanga, located on the west coast of Africa. The man from the audience, Pele, was the only white man to escape from the island since it was dominated by a brutal queen, and it is now ruled by a wicked witch doctor. And the song John sang was the secret song passed on by every king, regarded as the "Song of Freedom" of the Casanga people. Pele also tells Zinga the medallion hanging on his neck, which he got from his father and his father had from his great-grandfather, is the symbol of the kingship-----he, John Zinga, is the king of his people. Hearing that his people are still uncivilized on the island, Zinga's idea of going back to his homeland to help his people became even more fixed. At this time Donizetti happens to come in and tells John some good news - a new contract to work in the great New York City. Zinga refuses to go to New York to carry on his singing career, since he considers his people bigger than his success. Donizetti is mad about Zinga leaving his career, but cannot stop him from crossing the ocean to come to the little island in Africa.

Paragraph 16: Damage to land and Forest and threat to the survival of biodiversity was done by the illegal and senseless mining. Mining exercises had been carried out places even where it was not permissible as per the regulations determining and governing the Sariska Tiger Project and National Park Status. At the same time, A PIL (Public Interest Litigation) filed in the Supreme Court against mining had led to prohibition made by Supreme Court to sanction and issue new mining leases. TBS filed a petition to the SC on 11 October 1991 to go into calling a halt to mining activities as also delimiting the sariska area. So much desperate and vexed interest of the mine-owners even fatally assaulted the General Secretary of TBS in the presence of the chairperson of the commission, and state and district administrative and police officials. At several places, TBS activists were assaulted to demoralise them. By this time the national press had started championing the TBS cause and TBS decided to take the battle to its logical conclusion. The apex court found the mine owners guilty of assaulting the TBS General Secretary and awarded appropriate imprisonment to the offender. The Environment Ministry of the GOI issued a notification to ban mining and industrial activities, in view of the alarming ecological degradation of the Aravallis. But the state government, under pressure from several quarters didn’t comply with the court orders. Not losing the pace, TBS spearheaded a Satyagraha, SARISKA BACHAO ANDOLAN in Jan 1993 on specific demand of closing down the mines. On 4 April 1993 the mine owners manhandled Dr Rajeev Dhawan, Advocate SC and the TBS activists. The offenders did not stop at that and attacked even the dispensary at TBS ashram. In a quick succession of events the SC ordered the Gov. of Rajasthan to stop all mining activity immediately. In May 1993, the SC ordered the state government to provide protection cover to TBS. Beginning 2 October 1993 Aravalli Bachao Yatra was launched all through the Aravalli range (from Himmatnagar in Gujarat to Delhi, via Rajasthan and Haryana). On 6 May 1994 the SC granted pardon to the assaulters, when they paid for it. With a warning of dire consequences of such act was committed again. On 6 May 1994, the Govt. of Rajasthan designated 8 April 1993 verdict of the SC as tentative which resulted in reopening of Sariska delimitation Issue. TBS did not stop working towards creation of water harvesting structures and soil management based on the traditional wisdom of the people in the Sariska Region. TBS can legitimately congratulate itself that it is playing the role of a catalyst in the awareness and confidence building campaign among the people.

Paragraph 17: Throughout the 1920s and 1930s, Italian military and political circles vigorously debated the role and necessity of aircraft carriers in the expanding Italian fleet. Gino Ducci (Regia Marina chief of staff in the early 1920s), Romeo Bernotti (assistant chief of staff) and naval officer Giuseppe Fioravanzo all championed development of a fleet air arm, the building of aircraft carriers and consolidation of the air and naval academies. Other factions opposed these ideas, especially carrier construction, not so much on the grounds of military usefulness, but rather on cost and practicality. More than anything else, Italy's limited industrial capacity, inadequate shipyard space and lack of financial capital prevented her from building the kind of well-balanced fleet envisioned by her naval theorists. Priority went to those ships deemed most necessary in a future conflict.

Paragraph 18: It is the year 1857, a large part of the Indian subcontinent is under the control of the British East India Company. On 7 April, in Barrackpore, Mangal Pandey (Aamir Khan), a sepoy (soldier of Indian origin) in the 34th Bengal Native Infantry of the company's army, is being led to his execution by hanging for fomenting mutiny against company rule. Witnessing the execution is Pandey's friend, Captain William Gordon (Toby Stephens), who is relieved when the execution is delayed due to the hangman's refusal to hang Pandey. The film then flashes back to four years earlier. While fighting in Afghanistan, Pandey saves Gordon's life by dragging him to safety when the two were targeted by Afghan snipers. Afterwards, Gordon seeks out Pandey at a camp and offers him his pistol as a token of gratitude. Three years later (31 December 1856), during the New Year Eve's ball at the Governor General's palace in Calcutta, Pandey angers Captain Hewson (Ben Nealon) when he attempts to stop him from severely beating an Indian servant for inadvertently touching Emily Kent, the daughter of Mr. Graham Kent, an influential British businessman. Gordon witnesses the assault but does not stop it leading to tension with Pandey. However he apologizes to Pandey during a wrestling match and a friendship is formed between them transcending rank, colour and race. 

Paragraph 19: In Marburg, he married a virgin and received 160 guilders from her father's estate, which he soon acquired. The marriage lasted less than 20 weeks, with Simeon murdering his wife after running out of money, after which he sold her clothes. Not long after, he married again to a 40-year-old widow. The marriage lasted less than four weeks, and he murdered her again, taking away 40 guilders. Shortly afterwards, he married the daughter of a farmer from the County of Hanau, whom he later abandoned. His next wife was the daughter of a tailor. He moved with her to Frankfurt, killing her half a mile outside of the town. He stole 12 guilders from her body. In Frankfurt, he married the wife of a rope maker. The marriage lasted nine weeks, after which Fleischer abandoned her, taking 39 guilders with him. He then moved to Miltenberg, where he married a baker's maid. After only 12 days, he killed her in the woods near Tauberbischofsheim and discarding the body there. The reward was 5 guilders, and he then sold her clothes for 11 guilders. Fleischer then travelled to Bad Mergentheim, marrying a carpenter's daughter there. Under the guise of taking her back to her parents, he threw her into the Main River, near Würzburg. The booty was 3 guilders, selling her clothes in Würzburg. In Würzburg, he married a tavern owner, but murdered her eleven days later, near Rothenburg ob der Tauber. On this occasion, no guilders were found. He then killed the daughter of a man named Hafner, from whom he stole 9 guilders. In Dinkelsbühl, he married a squire's maid, whom he then killed near a mill outside of Ellwangen. In Ellwangen, he married a blacksmith's daughter, whom he then murdered near Schwäbisch Gmünd. This time, he took 13 guilders. In Schwäbisch Gmünd, he married a landlady, whom he drowned in a river near Marbach am Neckar. His next target was a seamstress, with whom he stayed for three weeks, before extorting 28 guilders from her. With the previous stolen money, he moved to Pforzheim, marrying a young baker's daughter, whom he later killed. He then eliminated another wife in Baden-Baden. A similar crime occurred in Rastatt. A third such was allegedly committed either in Baden-Baden or Rastatt. Three guilders were taken from this crime scene. At Offenburg, he married a tailor's daughter, whom he then killed in Strasbourg. Another was killed in either Strasbourg or Haguenau. Another three women were killed after this, but no locations were given. In Wissembourg, he married a rich widow, who provided him with a lot of money. He murdered both her and her daughter in the forest near Kandel. He stayed in Seltz for about five days, where he married a maid. Not long after, he threw her down a well in Landau, stealing 18 guilders from her beforehand. In Speyer, he murdered the daughter of a man named Wagner. In Grünstadt, he married another woman, whom he cruelly murdered after eleven days. In Alzey, he married a baker's daughter, whom he then murdered near Bad Kreuznach. Not long after, he killed another woman, from whom he stole 60 guilders. He promised to marry a rich farmer's daughter in Kaiserslautern, for which he was given 100 guilders. After five weeks, he threw her into a latrine. At Neustadt an der Weinstraße, he married a tailor's maid. The marriaged lasted only seven days, after which he murdered her, but was then caught red-handed and arrested.

Paragraph 20: Nothing is known about the early history of this north Yemeni kingdom. The region later to be known as Ma’īn first enters history at the time of the Sabaean mukarrib Karib’il Watar I, and at that time consisted of a number of small city-states, which were under very strong Sabaean influence. The inscriptions from the city-state of Ḥaram, which date from this time, exhibit Minaean linguistic features, alongside the significant Sabaean impact. The Kingdom of Ma’īn emerged in the 6th century BCE, but then found itself under the rule of Saba’. Only in about 400 BCE were the Minaeans able to ally themselves to Ḥaḑramawt and free themselves from direct Saba’ rule. In the 4th century both Ma’īn and Ḥaḑramawt were ruled by the same family, a close relationship that broke up again probably in the second half of the same century (approx 350-300 BCE). The next capital of the kingdom was Yathill (modern Baraqish) and later Qarnāwu (near modern Ma’īn). The kingdom enjoyed its golden age in the 3rd century BCE when it was able to extend its influence all along the incense trail due to the conquest of Najrān, ‘Asīr and Ḥijāz. From the time of Waqah'il Sadiq I. (sources differ on when this golden age was, by as much as 2 centuries; Hermann von Wissmann has it a during 360 BCE, while Kenneth A. Kitchen dates it to approximately 190–175 BCE) Minaean rule reached as far as Dedan. The extent of their long-distance trade is also shown by the presence of Minaean merchants in the Aegean. With the expansion of Ma’īn as far as the Red Sea they were also able to carry out sea trade. At the end of the 2nd century BCE Ma’īn found itself under the rule of Qatabān, but after the collapse of the Qatabānian Empire a few centuries later, the Minaean Kingdom fell too. The area was under Sabaean rule at the latest by the time the Roman general Aelius Gallus waged a military campaign in the area in 25/24 BCE.

Paragraph 21: Many pubs in Brighton are listed buildings.  The Bath Arms is an early 19th-century house in The Lanes which became a pub later in that century. The Black Horse at Rottingdean is a timber-framed 16th-century building, although much altered. The oldest inn in continuous use in Brighton, the Cricketers Inn, dates from 1545 but was rebuilt in the 17th century, 1790, 1824 and 1886. The Druids Head Inn, also in The Lanes, was converted in 1825; it had been built as a house.  The Dyke Tavern (1895), Brighton's best example of a Tudor Revival/Arts and Crafts purpose-built pub, closed in 2016 and was listed the following year.  The Font (formerly the Font and Firkin) occupies a historic chapel in The Lanes, rebuilt in 1825 by Amon Henry Wilds and Charles Busby on the site of a 17th-century Nonconformist meeting-house.  The street-corner building at 83 Gloucester Road in the North Laine, now an office, was a pub for many years and retains elaborate decoration on the façade.  The Bier Haus, formerly the Jurys Out and the Thurlow Arms, was built in the early 19th century and has the local speciality mathematical tiles on the façade.  The historic King and Queen was rebuilt in a fanciful, "striking" Tudor Revival style in the 1930s by local architects Clayton & Black.  Two early 19th-century houses were combined in the 20th century to form the Market Inn in The Lanes.  The former Montpelier Inn dates from the 1830s, when the surrounding residential area was developing, and retains original features such as sash windows.  The Post and Telegraph, a J D Wetherspoon pub, was built as a bank in 1921–23. The Prince Albert, built in the 1840s, is famous for its Banksy mural and artwork depicting deceased musicians.  The Pump House, opened as a pub in 1776 and named after the pump house which fed seawater to one of the local bath-houses, may be older than 18th-century and is faced with mathematical tiles. The Quadrant, a mid-19th-century four-storey building, retains many original internal features. The Regency Tavern dates from the 19th century and stands at the corner of Regency Square. The Royal Pavilion Tavern, close to the site of the former Castle Inn, is an old house which became a hotel and, soon afterwards, a pub in the early 19th century. The Seven Stars on Ship Street, formerly O'Neil's, dates from around 1900 and has an elaborate three-storey façade. The Star Inn in Kemptown expanded to occupy three early 19th-century terraced houses and has a late 19th- or early 20th-century façade. The Sussex Tavern on East Street dates from the 18th century but was extended in the 19th century and has a low tile-hung wing to the rear on Market Street.  The Victory Inn is late 19th-century and has a distinctive façade of glazed green tiles and engraved windows, and retains some 19th-century bar fittings.

Paragraph 22: With Barrow's attention focused on Parker, the problem of acquiring food and rent money fell to Buck and Jones. On June 23, as the two were fleeing the scene of a clumsy grocery store robbery fifty miles away in Fayetteville, they crested a hill on Highway 71 and smashed into the back of a slower moving vehicle. The driver climbed out of his car and grabbed two rocks; the Barrows jumped out of their car, Buck with a shotgun and Jones with a BAR. Town Marshal Henry Humphrey of Alma and Crawford County Deputy Sheriff Ansel M. "Red" Salyers were also on Highway 71, driving toward Fayetteville to investigate the grocery store robbery. In the opposite lane the first car passed them — they waved to the driver, whom they knew — then seconds later came the speeding V-8. They heard the crash and turned around, and at the scene they recognized the V-8's Kansas plate. As Marshal Humphrey drew his gun and got out of the car, Buck shot him in the chest. Jones fired a round from the BAR at Salyers. Salyers ducked behind his car and fired back with a rifle, then as Jones fumbled to reload he dashed toward a farmhouse. Buck's shotgun had jammed; he ran to Salyers's car, yelling to Jones to get Humphrey's pistol. From the farmhouse a hundred yards away, Salyers took aim and managed to shoot off two of Jones's fingertips as the robbers careened away in his automobile. A few miles from Fort Smith Buck and Jones hijacked a couple's car at gunpoint, then realized the roads into Fort Smith were blocked. The car was found abandoned in the mountains. They staggered in the door of the tourist cabin ten hours after they had left. The Barrow Gang packed up what they could and  decamped.

Paragraph 23: Again, fire destroys The Queen Vic and Peggy transfers ownership to Phil before she leaves Walford. Phil renovates the pub and rents it to Alfie Moon and his wife Kat (Jessie Wallace). Kat is away temporarily in 2012 when Roxy again is landlady but upon Kat's return, The Queen Vic is forced to close down due to an outbreak of bed bugs, the source of which was thought to be Shirley Carter (Linda Henry), who has been staying. Instead, it was found that the source was the flat where Kat was meeting her lover Derek Branning (Jamie Foreman). The Queen Vic returns to Phil when Kat and Alfie fail to pay rent and Roxy is again made manager. However, Phil has a change of mind about Kat and Alfie when he finds out from Kat about her affair and subsequent attempt to save her marriage, all the while leaving Roxy as manager. During Christmas 2012, Alfie finds out about the affair, they separate and Roxy and Amy move back to The Queen Vic. Roxy replaces Kat as the joint licensee of the pub with Alfie, but leaves after Alfie reunites with Kat on the day of his and Roxy's wedding. As an act of revenge against the Moons, Phil decides to sell the pub and Alfie and Kat are forced to move out. Janine initially tries to buy the pub, but is arrested for murder before paying Phil. Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) buys The Queen Victoria on Christmas Day, 2013, and the following day moves into the pub with his wife Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) and son Johnny Carter (Sam Strike). Phil is surprised to discover that Mick is Shirley's brother. When Shirley persuades their estranged father into giving them £10,000 to repair the rising damp in the cellar, Mick and Linda give Shirley a 10% stake in the pub.

Paragraph 24: “The October evening wind flows coldly over the moorland. The houses are few and widely scattered. Lights shine here and there but one is more brilliant than the rest. Men and women are excitedly approaching the light. They are just plain folk, the women with shawls on their heads and clogs on their feet. The scene is in an ancient barn. The door opens and two men come through, one is old, the other of middle age. The old man rises and the service begins as he reads Isaiah Chapter 40 … Comfort Ye My People …The sermon has as its text ‘Watchman, what of the night? The Morning cometh’ and the speaker recounts the difficulties under which his followers have laboured. At this point he shows them a piece of paper – their licence – and dwells on what this means. The blessed morning has come. The big barn doors are open for public worship and, please God, the open door shall never be taken away again. Finally, he commends them for keeping alight the flame of the blessed Gospel in that place. The meeting ended with the singing of the 124th Psalm – not very well rendered for this was the first time they had ever dared to sing together aloud.”

Paragraph 25: Kumi odori was born out of the necessity of diplomatic acts. In 1372, King Satto of Chūzan consented to follow the tribute system with China and, as part of this system, Chinese envoys settled in Okinawa for approximately six months out of the year whenever the succession of a new king needed to be confirmed by the Chinese emperor (Foley 2). It was essential that these important visitors be entertained, so kumi odori was developed in 1719 by the odori bugyo, or minister of dance, Tamagusuku Chokun. Appointed to the position in 1715, his main responsibility was to commission entertainment for the lavish banquets held for the visiting emissaries. He had previously made five trips to Japan, stopping in both Satsuma and Edo (today's Tokyo). While there, he studied all the fine arts, gaining knowledge of kyogen, kabuki and Noh, which greatly influenced his work (Foley 3).  He was inspired by the Chinese arts as well, and at this time Chinese literature, Confucianism, and even the sanshin, an instrument later adapted for kumi odori performances, had been absorbed into Okinawan culture (Foley 2).  Kumi odori was staged for the first time at the Choyo banquet in spring of 1719: Shushin kaneiri (Possessed by Love, She Takes Possession of the Temple Bell) and Nido tekiuchi (The Children's Revenge), which were Chokun's first works, were performed by male aristocrats and remain a major part of the repertory to this day. With the fall of the Tokugawa shogunate and the rise of Meiji Rule in 1868, kumi odori was all but forgotten. The aristocrats who previously enjoyed the luxuries of time and money that allowed them to study court dance were now scarce in number but, through a few notable figures, it was passed down through the generations and performed for the general population. Even the common people now had the chance to enter the schools and become performers (Thornbury 233).  After the American occupation of Okinawa came to an end and Okinawa was ceded back to Japan in 1972, there was a revival of sorts of all the indigenous art forms. The Japanese support of local Okinawan arts is a source of much debate. Although Okinawan culture was suppressed by the Japanese government during the war, but the On May 15, 1972 kumi odori was proclaimed a nationally important intangible cultural property, or kuni no juyo mukei bunkazai, under the Cultural Properties Protection Law, or Bunkazai Hogoho. Kumi odori was the fifth performing art to be selected as such, joining gagaku (ancient court music), bunraku (puppet theatre), no, and kabuki (other traditional Japanese dances) as corporate entities. After its inception, gidayu bushi, tokiwazu bushi, itchu bushi, kato bushi, miyazono bushi, and ogie bushi- all musical or narrative arts- would join them in this esteemed category (Thornbury 233-234).  After a decade of petitioning for an arts complex to house the prefecture's native arts, the National Theatre Okinawa  was built in Urasoe-shi, near the city of Naha in 2004. The reasons for this are not entirely clear, but despite government funding shortages, the officials in Tokyo agreed to support the project. Not only does the theatre attach importance to the city of Okinawa, but it is also a tourist attraction, which gives a more rational basis for their support (Thornbury 243).

Paragraph 26: As the pyre is being readied, turmeric powder mixed with oil is applied on the body and later cleansed in warm water. If the deceased is a male person, close male relatives will perform the task and vice versa. Later the corpse is wrapped in a piece of cloth and brought inside the house. The corpse will be decorated by wrapping a turban, if the corpse is male and vermillon will be applied on the fore head, if the corpse is female. A garland made of 'tulasi leaves' is placed on the corpse. The body is then shifted on to a single plantain leaf and moved in such a position that the head rests in the south direction. Close relatives and prominent personalities in the village place sheets of clothes on the corpse. In recent times, sandal wood and flower wreaths placed on the body. Then the funeral pyre is built by adding logs of mango tree wood. Historically, the locals used to reserve a field exclusively meant for burning dead people. After woman sprinkling tulasi water into the corpse's mouth, the body is shifted on to a bamboo stretcher. Carried by sons or near relatives, the carrying of the stretcher to the funeral pyre is often accompanied by the chanting of 'govinda govinda'. The stretcher bearers circle the pyre anticlockwise direction and shift the body on the pyre. The body is positioned such that the head faces southern side. Additional fire wood is stocked such that it covers the corpse fully. Usually the eldest son lights the pyre near the corpse's feet direction. As the pyre turns into full blaze the knife, axes used in cutting the wood is thrown over the pyre from West to East. The remaining items like rice, paddy, coconut shells, incense sticks, plantain leaf, etc. is bundled together and thrown to the flames.

Paragraph 27: When the time came for resolution of the process, United Nations Secretary Gereral Kofi Annan appointed Martti Ahtisaari to lead the Kosovo status process in November 2005. In a period of fourteen months Ahtisaari held seventeen rounds of negotiations between Serbian and Kosovar officials in Vienna and made twenty-six expert missions to both capitals. These discussions had a great support of the Contact Group, which included the United States, the UK, France, Germany and Italy as well as Russia. On 2 February 2007, the final report was released which included the "Ten guiding principles", which created a structure and authorities for the broad governing of Kosovo and its government. The report contained a broad provision for Kosovo's autonomy which included the power to enter into international agreements as well as to become a member of international organizations but the report also constrains Kosovo's sovereignty because of the power sharing arrangements with the minority groups that international missions had the power to enforce. The only contact group state that refused the proposal was Russia, stating that the Serbian part of the agreement was not held. Because of Russia's rejection of the plan, a "Troika" from German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier of representatives from the United States, European Union, and Russia held additional negotiations to reach an agreement. However, the parties were not able to reach an agreement on the final status of Kosovo. Despite the stalemate inside the international consensus, Kosovo declared independence on 17 February 2008 and the Assembly adopted a declaration of independence in accordance with the Special Envoy of the U.N. Ahtissari and the plan agreed by the official Prishtina. (8) It pledged to be a democratic republic and accept all the obligations under the Ahtisaari plan, including the adoption of a new constitution within 120 days. The Kosovo Assembly approved a new constitution in April 2008 and it went into effect on 15 June 2008. Although Kosovo declared independence in February, the U.N. did not approve the plan of the Special Envoy, Ahtisaari; the Constitutional Commission began to draft the Constitution as early as March 2007. The commission was to be composed of 21 Kosovo members, 15 appointed by the President of Kosovo, 3 by the Assembly holding seats reserved for minorities especially Serbs, and 3 members of other minority communities also appointed by the Assembly. First the sub-groups of the Commission published the drafted segments of the Constitution in late summer of 2007. Then the entire Commission submitted drafts for the reviewing process, internal and international advisors did the review. By the end of 2007, the Commission produced a draft constitution, directly derived from the Ahtisaari plan. After the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution was published for public comment, with more than 1000 comments from the public and the Commission holding public hearings for gathering more suggestions the final draft was created. The final draft was completed in April 2008 and the ratification process then went into force on 15 June 2008. The new Constitution created a parliamentary republic with pledges to protect minorities. In terms of structure, the President is the head of state and the Prime Minister, elected by the Kosovo Assembly, is the head of the government. The unicameral Kosovo Assembly contains 120 seats. Of those seats, ten are reserved for ethnic Serbs, ten for other designated minorities, and three are for other non-specified minority groups.

Paragraph 28: In 1837, Illinois' legislature had approved moving the state capital from Vandalia to Springfield, despite the opposition of Governor Joseph Duncan, a former Jacksonian Democrat who had split with the President and won election as a Whig. The state government offices were constructed and the move occurred midway during Governor Carlin's term. Carlin's inaugural message blamed the Whig-controlled state bank and the Bank of Illinois at Shawneetown for Illinois' financial distress, which added to hardships encountered by frontier farmers. His predecessor, Governor Duncan, had urged Carlin to scrap the large Internal Improvements Act passed by the legislature in 1837, but Carlin tried to make a go of it, despite the large amount of money required and his lack of financial experience. He appointed former governor John Reynolds to try to sell bonds in Europe, since the  Illinois and Michigan Canal from Chicago to the Illinois River (which crossed Greene County near Carrollton) required at least $1 million in financing. The two deals Reynolds arranged were on unfavorable terms to the state, and it lost more than $150,000. One of the parties to a contract, Wright and Company (London bankers) went bankrupt while Governor Carlin vacillated on approving the contract. Illinois ultimately sold bonds with a face value of $804,000 for $261,500, which proved a source of political controversy for many years, and which led to suspension of canal construction in 1842. Legislators also wanted the state to purchase an additional $3 million in bank stock, arguing that its dividends would fund the internal improvements, but Carlin warned it would not work, and the Senate Committee on Banks defeated the proposal. The substitute, a one-mill property tax to pay the bond interest, proved inadequate. Carlin begged Congress to donate more land to construct the Illinois and Michigan Canal, and also recommended that the state legislature repeal the charters of the state and Shawneetown banks, as occurred during the administration of his successor, Thomas Ford. Despite his federal land office background, Carlin refused to accept any funds from federal land sales, and also ordered that settlers must pay with gold or silver despite the liquidity crisis, which exacerbated the crisis.

Paragraph 29: As the 16-bit era of video games began in the late 1980s, their content became more realistic. The increased graphical and audio fidelity of the products made violent scenes appear more explicit, especially those containing blood.  As controversy stemmed around the realism of this violence, 1992 games Mortal Kombat and Night Trap entered the limelight. Mortal Kombat is a "brutal" fighting game and Night Trap is a full-motion video Sega CD game where players protect a slumber party from vampires. The games were at the center of federal hearings held from December 9, 1993, to March 4, 1994 by United States senators Joseph Lieberman and Herb Kohl. . One quote that explains how Lieberman felt about video games during one of these trials is “Instead of enriching a child’s mind... these games teach a child to enjoy inflicting torture.”. As a result, the video game industry was given a year to create its own classification system or to otherwise have one imposed on them by the federal government. In May 1993, British censors banned Night Trap from being sold to children under 15 years old in the United Kingdom, which was an influence on Sega's decision to create an age rating system.

Paragraph 30: Klein is widely known for his work on skepticism. His most influential work, however, is on the nature of knowledge, where he has long defended the defeasibility theory. His recent work defends infinitism about justification. On this view, to be justified in believing P is to possess a reason R1 to believe P, and a reason R2 to believe R1, and a reason R3.....and so on, ad infinitum. Justification is, so to speak, "turtles all the way down." He has also recently advocated a picture of knowledge according to which one can have knowledge of p even if the justification for the belief of p is essentially based on false premises. Klein calls these "useful falsehoods".