Paragraph 1: Ratlinghope, in Domesday Rotelingehope, means the hope or valley of the people of Rotel, Rotel being the Saxon name from which the County of Rutland's name was derived.  At the time of the Domesday survey, Rotelingehope was a manor of two hides, which were waste, and was held by Robert fitz Corbet of Earl Roger de Montgomery. In Edward the Confessor's reign, Seuuard had held it. Robert fitz Corbet was a younger brother of Roger, the builder of Caus Castle; he left two daughters, his heirs, Sibil (or Adela), and Alice. Sibil, who had been one of Henry I's mistresses, married Herbert fitz Herbert, whilst Alice became the wife of William Botterell. Before 1209 Ratlinghope was acquired by Walter Corbet, an Augustine Canon, and a relative of Prince Llewelyn ap Iorwerth, who gave him a letter of protection. Walter Corbet founded here a small cell or priory of Augustinian Canons of St Victor, in connection with Wigmore. Nothing is known of its history, but at the dissolution there was a Prior and 29 Canons; and the possessions of the Priory, valued at £5 11s 1½d per annum, were sold in May 1546 to Robert Longe, a member of the Mercers Guild of the City of London.

Paragraph 2: In 1904, Cutler Fairchild was asked by the President of the American Library Association to prepare a statistical statement on “Women in American Libraries” which was published in the December 1904 issue of the Library Journal.  She opened the article by showing the growing prominence of women in American libraries through comparison of three conferences of the American Library Association.  “At the first meeting of the Association in Philadelphia, 1876, only 12 of the 103 members present were women; at the Chicago meeting in 1893, 166 of the 305 members present were women; at Magnolia in 1902, the largest conference yet held, 736 out of 1018 members present were women”.  To further illustrate her opinion that there was no discrimination in regard to sex in the American Library Association, she refers to Miss Caroline M. Hewins, librarian of the Hartford Public Library, who was the first woman to ask a question before a meeting of the American Library Association in 1877, the association's second meeting, and Miss Mary A. Bean, the librarian of the Brookline Public Library, who was the first woman to appear on a library program, by reading a paper on “The evil of unlimited freedom in the use of juvenile fiction” in the 1879 meeting in Boston.   Cutler Fairchild credits the open-minded attitude of the men in the library movement for contributing to the lack of self-consciousness displayed by women in association meetings by taking what women said or wrote at its actual value.  However, she noted that participation by women in American Library Association meetings was disproportionate to their attendance. Cutler Fairchild continued her evaluation of women in libraries by surveying 100 representative libraries to access the number of professional and non-professional positions and their salaries held by women as compared to those held by men.  The results of her inquiries proved that women greatly outnumbered men in the libraries selected, holding a large proportion of administrative positions but with little administrative responsibility, and outnumbered men in non-administrative responsible positions, but seldom held positions with the most responsibility.  In addition, women did not hold positions offering the highest salaries, but rather appeared to perform the same level of work for less compensation.  The following reasons were given for this discrepancy:

Paragraph 3: The first round hit White House press secretary James Brady in the head above his left eye, passing through underneath his brain and shattering his brain cavity; the small explosive charge in the round exploded on impact. District of Columbia police officer Thomas Delahanty recognized the sound as a gunshot and turned his head sharply to the left to identify the shooter. As he did so, he was struck in the back of his neck by the second shot, the bullet ricocheting off his spine. Delahanty fell on top of Brady, screaming "I am hit!". Hinckley now had a clear shot at the president, but Alfred Antenucci, a Cleveland, Ohio, labor official who was standing nearby, saw Hinckley fire the first two shots, hit him in the head, and began to wrestle him to the ground. Upon hearing the shots, Special Agent in Charge Jerry Parr almost instantly grabbed Reagan by the shoulders and dived with him toward the open rear door of the limousine. Agent Ray Shaddick trailed just behind Parr to assist in throwing both men into the car. The third round overshot the president, instead hitting the window of a building across the street. Parr's actions likely saved Reagan from being hit in the head. As Parr pushed Reagan into the limousine, Secret Service agent Tim McCarthy snapped his attention toward the sound of the gunfire, pivoted to his right, and put himself in the line of fire. Tim McCarthy spread his arms and legs, taking a wide stance directly in front of Reagan and Parr to make himself a target. Tim McCarthy was struck in the lower abdomen by the fourth round, the bullet traversing his right lung, diaphragm, and right lobe of the liver. The fifth round hit the bullet-resistant glass of the window on the open rear door of the limousine as Reagan and Parr were passing behind it. The sixth and final bullet ricocheted off the armored side of the limousine, passed between the space of the open rear door and vehicle frame, and hit the president in the left underarm. The round grazed a rib and lodged in his lung, causing it to partially collapse before stopping less than an inch (25 mm) from his heart.

Paragraph 4: After the release of their second LP, Reflections, Knight left the band to pursue a frustrated solo career as producer and singer. Meanwhile, The Pack, sometimes playing under the name "The Fabulous Pack", continued with Farner replacing Knight as lead singer, and Curt Johnson returning on guitar. The band released a few more 45 RPM singles in 1967 and 1968, starting with their cover of the old Bob and Earl hit, “Harlem Shuffle”. The song's flip side, “I’ve Got News For You”, was written by Dick Wagner, who also wrote the band's next single, “Wide Trackin”, intended for use in an advertising campaign for Pontiac's “wide tracking” automobiles; while a solid regional hit, this single did not chart nationally. Cameo-Parkway went out of business and Capitol Records picked up the remaining Cameo-Parkway contracts, including The Pack. The band went through several personnel changes, with Johnson and Caldwell leaving the group, replaced with Al Shane on keyboards and Kenny Rich on guitar respectively. In April 1968, The Pack released their final single on Capitol Records, a cover version of Jimi Hendrix's Fire retitled "Next To Your Fire", backed with a ballad written by Dick Wagner called "Without A Woman"; while popular in Michigan, this single failed to chart outside the state. By mid 1968, the band consisted of Farner on lead vocals and guitar, Brewer on drums, Craig Frost on keyboards and Rod Lester on bass. In August 1968, The Pack recorded a full-length LP that was never released, with three songs from these sessions, "Getting Into The Sun", "Can't Be Too Long (Faucet)", and "Got This Thing On The Move" subsequently appearing on the compilation album "Thirty Years of Funk: 1969–1999". In early 1969, after a botched tour which left them stranded on Cape Cod, The Pack broke up. Upon returning home, Farner and Brewer regrouped, forming the nucleus of Capitol Records' best-selling act of the early 1970s, Grand Funk Railroad, initially managed and produced by Terry Knight.

Paragraph 5: The anime adaptation of Eyeshield 21 received positive and mixed responses. Bobby Cooper from DVD Talk praised how the rules of American football are "explained to a foreign audience that has no clue what it's all about", adding that instructions at the commercial breaks "were informative and similar to the Go lessons of Hikaru No Go." He also said the explanations were "hilarious", but that "Eyeshield 21 is an excellent introduction to football". The on-field action was also praised, with he saying the sports action is "where Eyeshield 21 truly shines", although he criticized the scenes away from the football field, "the pacing slows to a crawl and the storyline gets a little boring". In her review, Erin Finnegan from Anime News Network stated, "[t]he pace of Eyeshield 21 is its saving grace. It's way less boring than all the time outs and commercial breaks in a regular NFL game. Football is hard to understand, but Eyeshield 21 explains the Byzantine rules ... in an entertaining way. We're never left waiting for the ref's decision for long minutes like in real life. A lot of dramatic tension carries the action between plays." Finnegan also criticized the artwork, saying, "any episode [of the show] without a game is clearly farmed out to an inferior animation studio". Chris Beveridge from Mania Entertainment wrote that Eyeshield 21 "has a good solid story idea, showing a young man finding his way through sports by finding friends and realizing he has potential, but it is so sidelined so often that it's frustrating to see it deal with situations as it does."

Paragraph 6:  SH 27 was a route proposed in late July 1917 to run from Ft. Stockton to El Paso. On March 18, 1918, a section from San Antonio to Sonora was added. On August 21, 1923, it became one continuous route from San Antonio to Balmorhea. Everything west of Balmorhea became a portion of SH 3. The section from Kerrville to Bandera was cancelled, and the section from Bandera to San Antonio was renumbered as part of SH 81. SH 27 was rerouted southeast to Boerne replacing a portion of SH 41. In 1927, it was cosigned with U.S. Highway 290. On May 20, 1931, SH 27 was extended west over a portion of SH 3, which was rerouted. On June 20, 1933 (map was on June 15), the western portion was reassigned northwest from Ft. Stockton, replacing SH 192 and the northern portion of SH 17, while the old alignment between Ft. Stockton and west of Balmorhea renumbered as SH 196. SH 27 also extended southeast to Port O'Connor, replacing portions of SH 81 and SH 29.  In 1934, SH 27 was no longer cosigned with US 290 (which was rerouted) east of near Junction but was still cosigned with it from Junction to Ft. Stockton. The section from Fort Stockton to New Mexico was codesignated with U.S. Route 285 by 1934. The section from San Antonio to Port Lavaca was codesignated with U.S. Route 87. On September 26, 1939, all cosigned sections were removed in favor of their U.S. Highway designations, the section from Port Lavaca to SH 185 was redesignated as an extension of SH 238, and the section from SH 185 to Port O'Connor was redesignated as an extension of SH 185. On March 18, 1975, the section from Junction to Mountain Home was removed as it was replaced by I-10.

Paragraph 7: On May 6, 2010 Blair and Tea have a confrontation that forever changes their prior relationship as enemies. Blair made a copy of Tea's medical records. She found out Tea was going to die of a brain tumor, so she invited Tea over to her mansion to discuss Tea's illness, apologize for how she has treated Tea in the past, and offer to help however she can. However, Tea is initially furious to find out Blair has copied her medical files, and threatens to sue. Blair says Tea can fight her all she wants. Tea assumes Blair cannot wait for her to die, so she can return to her old flame—Todd Manning. Blair says she has no intention of getting back together with Todd, and says she does not want Tea to die. Tea tries to push Blair away, even physically. Blair fights to contain Tea. Tea breaks down in Blair's arms. They cry together, and Blair tells Tea she will help however she can. Subsequently, Blair convinces Tea to seek medical treatment for her tumor. Tea initially fights her on the subject, but eventually gives in. Later, Blair invites Tea and Danielle over to get ready for prom with Danielle's older sister Starr (Kristen Alderson). Blair and Tea spend some quality time together and bond once the kids leave for prom. Shortly thereafter, Blair takes Tea to her first radiation treatment. Several weeks later, Blair finds Tea passed out lying on the floor of her hotel room, and she gets her to the hospital. Blair promises to make sure Danielle is a part of her family, once Tea dies, and she comforts Tea. Weeks later, Tea calls Blair over to ask Blair to be Danielle's legal guardian in case something happens to Todd. Blair promises to always be there for Danielle. Blair and Tea share an emotional goodbye with a memorable montage of some of their history together.

Paragraph 8: Alexander Guthrie was born in the parish of Menmuir in Angus, Scotland, in 1796, son of David Guthrie of Burnside and his wife Margaret Guthrie, née Guthrie. He went to Singapore in 1821 to set up a trading branch of Thomas Talbot Harrington and Company. Guthrie parted company with Harrington in 1823, and his company was renamed Guthrie and Company in 1833. He retired in 1847, handing the firm over to his nephew James Guthrie, and retired to London, where he died unmarried in 1865. James Guthrie was born in Tannadice in Angus in 1814, son of Alexander's brother David and his wife, Katharine Grant. James arrived in Singapore in 1829 and became a partner in 1837. In 1846, he married Susan Scott, a distant cousin, and had two daughters and a son before Susan's death in Singapore in 1853. James left Singapore in 1856 and returned to Britain. He retired from the firm in 1876 and died in 1900. Other partners included James' nephew by marriage, John James Greenshields, whose mother Margaret Lyall Scott was the sister of Susan Scott. Greenshields was born in Liverpool in 1823 and died there in 1873. Another was James Guthrie's brother-in-law Thomas Scott, born in Dun, Angus in 1832 and died in Angus in 1902, who became a partner in 1857 and senior partner in 1867.

Paragraph 9: Davey Osborne is an 11-year-old boy living in San Antonio, Texas. His father, Hal, is a military air traffic controller, who has problems relating to his son. Davey imagines the fantasy world of Cloak & Dagger, an espionage role-playing video game existing between fiction and reality. Davey befriends Kim Gardener, a girl living nearby. Davey reveres Jack Flack, the game's main character, who he imagines as a more dashing version of his father. He wants to live an action-packed life like Jack, and he carries around a water pistol as his "gun" and a softball as his "grenade". Davey spends much time playing the game and spending time with Jack as an imaginary friend.

Paragraph 10: Dion started working on her upcoming French-language album on 8 October 2002 in Paris when she met with four well-known French songwriters and producers: Jean-Jacques Goldman, Erick Benzi, Jacques Veneruso, and Gildas Arzel. After four days of rehearsals, Dion met with them again in Las Vegas in May 2003, during her break from performing in A New Day.... The songs were recorded between 2–11 May 2003. On 11 August 2003, Dion's official website announced that the release of the new French album titled 1 fille & 4 types (meaning 1 Girl & 4 Guys) was set for 13 October 2003 in Europe and 14 October 2003 in Canada. Dion worked on this project with "4 Guys" only: Goldman, Benzi, Veneruso and Arzel. Goldman, who wrote and produced the best-selling French-language albums of all time: D'eux and S'il suffisait d'aimer, guided 1 fille & 4 types as the artistic director. The first single, "Tout l'or des hommes" was sent to radio on 27 August 2003. It was written by Jacques Veneruso who wrote Dion's 2001 number-one hit, "Sous le vent". The music video for the song was serviced to video outlets in September 2003 and the CD single was scheduled for release on 6 October 2003 in France, Switzerland and Belgium, on 7 October 2003 in Canada and a few weeks later in Germany. The behind the scenes from "Tout l'or des hommes" video and making of the album was posted in the video section on celinedion.com on 28 September 2003. 1 fille & 4 types was also scheduled for release in the United States on 11 November 2003, in Japan on 17 December 2003, in Sweden on 9 February 2004 and in Spain on 19 April 2004.

Paragraph 11: After the Bothy Band disbanded, Lunny became a session musician on various projects, including Davey and Morris, the first album to feature Shaun Davey. In 1981, Lunny reunited with Moore to form Moving Hearts, along with a young uilleann piper, Davy Spillane. Following the example of the group Horslips, Moving Hearts combined Irish traditional music with rock and roll, and also added elements of jazz to their sound. The group disbanded in 1985. In February 2007, Moving Hearts reunited for a concert in Dublin. In 2008 and 2009, the group performed again in several concerts in Ireland and the United States.

Paragraph 12: Tacitus's contemporaries were well-acquainted with his work; Pliny the Younger, one of his first admirers, congratulated him for his better-than-usual precision and predicted that his Histories would be immortal: only a third of his known work has survived and then through a very tenuous textual tradition; we depend on a single manuscript for books I-VI of the Annales and on another one for the other surviving half (books XI-XVI) and for the five books extant of the Historiae. His books were clearly used by 2nd-early 3rd century historians such as Cassius Dio's report on Agricola's exploration of Britain, and Hegesippus may have borrowed from his account of the First Jewish–Roman War. His difficult historical methods and elliptic literary style, however, went unimitated except by Ammianus Marcellinus, who consciously set out to write a continuation of his works. His popularity waned with time: his unfavorable portrayals of the early emperors could not have earned him favor with Rome's increasingly autocratic rulers, and his obvious contempt for Judaism and Christianity (both troublesome foreign cults in the eyes of a 1st-century Roman aristocrat) made him unpopular among the early Church Fathers. The 3rd-century writer Tertullian, for example, blames him (incorrectly—see history of anti-Semitism) for originating the story that the Jews worshipped a donkey's head in the Holy of Holies and calls him "ille mendaciorum loquacissimus", 'the most loquacious of liars'.

Paragraph 13: There are two main types of stunts. In one, a line player, who would otherwise try to charge forward, instead drops back, and a nearby linebacker or defensive back charges forward instead. In the other, which is known as cross-rushing, line players, instead of charging straight ahead, cross paths.  One of them may follow a looping path that goes behind the other before moving forward (in which case the stunt is called a "loop"), or one may wait for the other to penetrate slightly first, and then cross behind, their paths angling across each other. In some variants, a rushing player will run around more than one rushing teammate.

Paragraph 14: Chandu (Gopichand) is a rich, rough youth brought up by his uncle Krishna Rao (Chandra Mohan) in Australia. Mahalakshmi (Trisha) stays in Australia along with her uncle Pichaiah (Dharmavarapu Subrahmanyam), who runs a restaurant. Chandu is fond of martial arts, but he never gets a chance to exhibit them in real situations. Mahalakshmi is another martial arts freak. After a few misunderstandings, they fall in love. One day, Mahalakshmi is forced to come back to her hometown in Rayalaseema. Chandu comes in search of her. Meanwhile, Sivaiah (Sathyaraj) and his archenemy, Mahalakshmi's father Pashupati (Kota Srinivasa Rao) are the rich leaders of  two neighboring villages, in Rayalaseema. They have longtime enmity. Chandu comes to Mahalakshmi's village and asks her hand in marriage. Though Pashupati's sister opposes this, Pashupati agrees based on one condition, that Chandu must escort his brother from railway station to home safely. The brother Rajappa (Supreeth), has been on a 23-year self-imposed exile from the district, due to his life being under threat of Sivaiah and his entire village. Chandu agrees and does so, beating 30 men of Siviah on the way. Then Chandu is challenged to go to Siviah alone to his house. While walking in Sivaiah's house, he is beaten up badly by Sivaiah's men that he laid at the door of the house. When Sivaiah saw his face, he recognized Chandu and rushed him to the hospital where he is saved. The incident reached to Chandu's uncle who flew to India. Uncle Krishna Rao is shocked to see Chandu with Siviah and proceeds to tell Chandu about his parents. Siviah is actually Chandu's father. 23 years ago, there was a big feud between village for sharing water, in which multitude of lives were lost in clashes. Siviah's wife pleads him to stop the fight, to which he pays no heed. She gives birth to twins, but one child and her parents are killed in a car-bomb, before her very eyes. This makes her to take Chandu and go to her native. After 2 years, she has a change of heart and comes to meet Siviah. As they are about to reconcile, Rajappa ambushes Siviah, and kills his wife before his eyes, despite his pleas. He sent Chandu with the uncle and has paid for all of his expenses since then. Chandu then joins Siviah as his heir, and the rest of the story is how he defeats both Pasupati and his brothers.

Paragraph 15: Before pre-production began, Don Dokken proposed as producer his German friend Michael Wagener, whose curriculum included works with Accept, Raven, Great White and the production and engineering of Breaking the Chains.  Predictably, Wagener's friendship with Dokken and Lynch's dissatisfaction for the sound of their debut album brought to the rejection of the singer's proposal by the rest of the band. Elektra Records selected instead the expert Tom Werman to produce the album; his accomplishments in the music business included multi-platinum albums with Cheap Trick, Molly Hatchet, Ted Nugent and the production of rising stars Mötley Crüe's second album Shout at the Devil. Werman was present at rehearsals and helped to select and arrange the songs before production began. The recording of the album started in Spring 1984 at Cherokee Studios in Hollywood, California with veteran sound engineer Geoff Workman, whose personality and erratic behaviour did not mesh easily with Werman's direction. This troubled relationship only added up to the escalating clash of egos between Lynch and Dokken, which was furtherly exacerbated by the abuse of cocaine and alcohol by musicians and technicians. Werman set the working schedule to avoid the contemporary presence of guitarist and vocalist in the studio, with the former recording with the rest of the band late morning and in the afternoon and the latter at night.  This arrangement was maintained for all the permanence of George Lynch in the band, as he and Dokken never worked together in a recording studio. After a few weeks of work, the situation exploded when Lynch violently rejected Werman's advice for some of his guitar solos and refused to work again with the producer. Werman quit and left for a summer vacation with his family, bringing Don Dokken to request again the hiring of Michael Wagener to complete the recordings and mixing the tracks. Despite Werman and Burnstein's agreement  on Wagener's involvement,  the rest of the band continued to refuse him, jeopardizing the release of the album.

Paragraph 16: He left Thessaloniki and went to Smilevo where the insurrectionary Congress was to be held. The purpose of this Congress was to set the date for the declaration of the general insurrection and to outline the methods and tactics in its prosecution. Here Gruev met Boris Sarafov, who had just arrived from Bulgaria. Gruev was elected as chairman of this Congress, and the latter decided that the day of the declaration of the insurrection was to be 2 August 1903. Gruev, Boris Sarafov, and Anastas Lozanchev were elected by the Congress as the three members of the General Staff and empowered to direct the insurrectionary forces in the Bitola region. Gruev lived to see the retreat of the Turkish troops from his native village of Smilevo. He was engaged, during the course of the insurrection, in numerous skirmishes with the Ottoman Army. But with the arrival of Ottoman troops, any progress of the insurrection was made impossible and in a period of six weeks, it was completely crushed. Gruev put himself on the task of touring various revolutionary districts, disarming the insurgents, and storing up the war materials for future use. Gruev and his followers continued the work of organization and preparation for another uprising.

Paragraph 17: In 2010, Wizards of the Coast launched a new organized play initiative called D&D Encounters at stores in the Wizards Play Network as a D&D equivalent of Friday Night Magic. The company "supplied GMs across the nation with adventures to run on Wednesday nights. [...] Each night's adventuring contained just a single encounter. These sessions were billed as running 60-90 minutes in length". Shannon Appelcline, author of Designers & Dragons, wrote, "by running Encounters simultaneously across the nation, Wizards hoped to take advantage of social media; they envisioned people talking about the games on Facebook and Twitter on Wednesday night and Thursday morning, comparing their experiences with those of other players across the nation. [...] Overall, the Encounters program would prove extremely successful. Though neither it nor Essentials made D&D Fourth Edition into an unprecedented success story, the Encounters program was well-loved; it got attention on CNN and elsewhere and was successful at drawing players into game stores to play. Eleven Encounters seasons ran through late 2012, before the program took a short break and shifted over to a mixed 4e and D&D Next format in 2013". The transition between editions of Dungeons & Dragons was called The Sundering and it included multiple structural changes to the D&D Encounters program.

Paragraph 18: The Ood are humanoid in appearance with tentacles on the lower portions of their faces. The Ood are a telepathic race; as such, they require a "translation sphere" to communicate with non-telepathic creatures. The sphere is connected to the Ood via a tube that originally connected their external brains to their body. Humans in the future would physically remove their hind brains and fix the translator sphere where the brain used to be. There appears to be no sexual differentiation among the Ood, though the Doctor seems to be able to determine their sex. When Donna refers to a dying Ood as an "it", the Doctor replies that the Ood is "a 'he', not an 'it'". The Ood say they require no names or titles as they are connected to a hive mind and function as one unit, but they do have designations given to them by humans such as "Ood 1 Alpha 1" or "Ood Sigma" to differentiate them. The Doctor suggests in "Planet of the Ood" that Ood individuality is a result of the Ood Hive Mind expressing itself differently within each Ood, saying "Funny thing, the subconscious. Takes all sorts of shapes. Came out in the Red-Eye as revenge, came out in the Rabid Ood as anger, and then there was patience. All that intelligence and mercy focused on Ood Sigma." The Ood are empaths, sharing among themselves a low-level telepathic communication field. When reaching out with their telepathic fields, it can be heard as singing. This ability has made them susceptible to telepathic control, and in several episodes they are shown to be controlled by a stronger telepathic force. Oods are a part of the Silence's religious order. They also know the Doctor's name as they had sung it to him in "Planet of the Ood".

Paragraph 19: Constructed in three stages, it was intended that the first section of the Newmarket State School's new brick building would be the nucleus of a building scheme to accommodate 1038 pupils. The complete scheme was to be:"of brick construction, two storeys in height, having an overall length of about 288ft [87.78 m], including the attached lavatory blocks at each end. The footings will be of concrete, the walls to the height of mould sill course will be faced brick, above which the brickwork will be rough-cast externally. Floors of porches, corridors and lavatory blocks will be of concrete and also the entrance steps and staircases. The floors of classrooms are to be sheeted with crow's ash. The main roof and roofs of sunshades will be covered with galvanised corrugated iron, and the ceilings of all classrooms finished in fibro-cement. The dividing walls of classrooms etc will be of brick with the exception of those to four classrooms on each floor, where they will be wooden folding partitions to enable these rooms to be thrown into one room for assembly purposes. All walls internally will be finished in cement plaster. The front elevation is neatly relieved by projecting gables panelled in fibro-cement, and wide overhanding eaves and sunshades added to the appearance, while also the long roof is broken by a large octagonal fleche.""The ground floor will have ...  classrooms ... [and] two teachers' rooms ... while the remainder of the floor space is taken up by hatrooms, corridors, lavatories, etc. The upper floor will contain ...  classrooms ... one teachers room ... also corridors etc, corresponding with those on the ground floor."Only the central and eastern portions of the overall plan for Newmarket State School's brick building were completed in 1934, and the scheme was never completed in its entirety. Keyed brickwork on the external walls indicated locations where the building was planned to be extended at a later date (still visible on the northern elevation). This situation was not uncommon, and occurred with other public buildings designed to be constructed in stages. Some examples are the University of Queensland Mayne Medical School), the State Government Offices, Townsville and the Depression-era brick school building at Ipswich North State School.Newmarket State School's new brick school building (now called Block A) was opened on 30 June 1934 by the Minister for Public Instruction (Frank Cooper). It was a two-storey masonry building, constructed from red brick with a darker brick base and pale stucco treatment to the upper floor. It had a hipped roof with gables over the entrances and a prominent ventilation fleche. The main entrance was through a portico with three round arches. Gables featured a half-timbered ornamental effect, utilising timber, fibre-cement panels and terracotta tiles. The building contained 13 classrooms, a head teacher's office, and retiring rooms on both floors. Circulation was provided by an internal staircase at the eastern end and an external timber staircase attached to the western wall. Windows on the southern elevation were protected by terra-cotta tile-clad window hoods. Landscaping in front of the new building including a row of fig trees along the Banks Street fence line (two of which survive), and the laying out of pathways.

Paragraph 20: As a direct result of the farm seizures in the previous few years, Zimbabwe entered into an unprecedented food crisis. Most of the countries food was produced by roughly one thousand large commercial farms owned by White Zimbabweans. When those farms were violently occupied by the Zimbabwean government, they were then redistributed to black Zimbabweans. However, in most cases they were given to members of the ruling party who had political connections, and in almost no cases were they given to anyone who had experience farming. As a result, the "landless peasants" who Mugabe has promised land mostly remained landless, however as of 2003 the country was plunged into an emergency in which there was not enough food to feed the population or even stock most grocery stores. By 2003, Zimbabwe's economy was the fastest shrinking economy in Africa. From 1984 to 1999, the United Nations' World Food Programme relied on Zimbabwean agriculture to produce food used for food aid throughout the rest of Africa, however, by 2003 the situation had reversed, and the WFP had to hire hundreds of international and Zimbabwean aid workers to distribute food throughout Zimbabwe for the first time ever. Western governments, including the United States and the United Kingdom, gave the organization $300 million to feed some 5.5 million Zimbabweans, nearly 50 percent of the country's population. In February, and then once more in December, opinion polls showed that the United Kingdom remained the "most positively viewed foreign country" in Zimbabwe, despite President Mugabe's very public feud with the British government. The 2003 Cricket World Cup, partially hosted by Zimbabwe, was marred by threats of violence and instability for the first time in the history of the institution, as Mugabe's government threatened players of the England cricket team with physical violence, leading several nations to refuse to play in Zimbabwe. The 2003 Cricket World Cup Final was the second most-watched television event of the year in Zimbabwe The 2003 Rugby World Cup Final was the most-watched television event in Zimbabwe in 2003. Global audience figures for the 2003 Rugby World Cup final totalled between 22 and 30 million. The treason trial of Morgan Tsvangirai began in the High Court in Harare on 3 February. President Robert Mugabe issued a decree on 7 December, announcing that Zimbabwe was permanently withdrawing from the Commonwealth to protest the organisation's criticism of ZANU-PF and the government's policies. Canaan Banana, Methodist minister, theologian and the first President of Zimbabwe, died of cancer on 10 November in London at the age of 67. 3,800 deaths from AIDS occurred in Zimbabwe each week of 2003.

Paragraph 21: He subsequently took coaching jobs in Dubai and with Al Naser in Kuwait. In 1990, he was appointed Chief Scout at Barnsley, a post he held until April 1994 when he returned to Norwich City assisting then manager John Deehan with administrative duties, whilst also coaching the Norwich goalkeepers. Deehan resigned in April 1995, and was replaced by Martin O'Neill, Deehan subsequently being appointed manager of Wigan Athletic. In November 1995, Benson became Deehan's assistant at Wigan. In the summer of 1998, Deehan left to coach at Sheffield United, with Benson taking over as caretaker. He was offered the job, but declined on the grounds of ill-health, Ray Mathias taking over instead, with Benson remaining in an advisory capacity. With expectations high and Wigan missing out on promotion, Matthias was sacked, and on 1 June 1999 Benson was appointed as Wigan's manager. As Wigan settled into their new home at the JJB Stadium, Benson's side went 26 league games undefeated, before losing at home to Oldham Athletic on 7 January 2000, Benson picking up 2 Manager of the Month awards in the process. Towards the end of the season Wigan lost their form and found themselves in the play-off final at Wembley against Gillingham. A few days prior to the game, Benson had announced he was stepping down but remained to lead his team out at Wembley and ultimately a 3–2 defeat after being 2–1 up with only 7 minutes of extra time remaining. In June 2000 Bruce Rioch took over as Wigan manager, with Benson appointed as general manager. In April 2001, Rioch was replaced by Steve Bruce and Benson's role changed to that of youth development officer. A month later Bruce also left, and the consequent arrival as Paul Jewell resulted in Benson being given the title of Director of Football. On 10 December 2001 he resigned from his post at Wigan to link up again, this time as assistant manager, with Steve Bruce, when Bruce finally completed his acrimonious move from Crystal Palace to Birmingham City. He later became general manager at Birmingham, but left on 2 June 2006 to rejoin Wigan Athletic, where his role was described as "a link between the playing and administrative sides" of the club. He left Wigan to join Sunderland in the summer of 2010.

Paragraph 22: The prototype of the U-2, powered by a 74 kW (99 hp) Shvetsov M-11 air-cooled five-cylinder radial engine, first flew on 7 January 1928 piloted by M.M. Gromov. Aircraft from the preproduction series were tested at the end of 1928 and serial production started in 1929 in Factory number 23 in Leningrad. Its name was changed to Po-2 in 1944, after Polikarpov's death, according to the then-new Soviet naming system, usually using the first two letters of the designer's family name, or the Soviet government-established design bureau that created it. Production in the Soviet Union ended in 1953, but license-built CSS-13s were still produced in Poland until 1959.

Paragraph 23: In the 4th Test match of the series in South Africa in January 2005 Hoggard took 12 wickets for 205. Of Englishmen, only Johnny Wardle, who took 12 for 89 in Cape Town in 1956–57, has bettered his figures in South Africa since World War II. His match figures were England's best anywhere since Ian Botham's 13 for 106 against India in 1979–80. During the 2005 Ashes series, Hoggard scored 8 not out with Ashley Giles against Australia in the fourth Test at Trent Bridge in the 2005 Ashes series, which included a well-executed cover drive for four off a Brett Lee full toss, as England won by three wickets by reaching 129 to take a 2–1 series lead.

Paragraph 24: Micro venture capital is money invested to seed early-stage emerging companies with amounts of finance that is typically less than that of traditional venture capital. In contrast to traditional venture capital which is money used to invest in companies looking to fund growth (also referred to as a Series A round of funding), micro venture capital consists of smaller seed investments, typically between $25K to $500K, in companies that have yet to gain traction. In the United States, the number of micro venture capital firms have continued to rise rapidly over the last 5 years, and have become an important source of finance for startup companies.

Paragraph 25: This is a list of cricketers who have captained the West Indian U-19 cricket team for at least one U-19 One Day International. The table of results is complete to the sixth and final youth ODI match for the WI U-19 in the 2022 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup, and includes all six youth ODI match for the WI U-19 in the 2021 West Indies Under-19 tour of England, all six youth ODI match for the WI U-19 team in the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup, all six youth ODI match for the WI U-19 team in the 2019 Under-19 Tri-Nation Tournament in the West Indies, all six youth ODI matches for the WI U-19 team in 2018 Under-19 Cricket World Cup, all three youth ODI match for the WI U-19 team in the 2017 West Indies Under-19 tour of Zimbabwe, all five matches for the WI U-19 team in the 2017 West Indies Under-19 tour of South Africa, all six matches for the WI U-19 team of the 2016 U-19 Cricket World Cup, all three matches for the WI U-19 team of 2015/2016 West Indies U-19 tour of Bangladesh, all six matches for the WI U-19 team of the 2014 U-19 Cricket World Cup, the one and only youth ODI match of the 2013/2014 West Indies U-19 tour of Bangladesh (the other six matches were cancelled following an explosion near the WI U-19 team hotel), all seven youth ODI matches of the 2013/2014 Bangladesh U-19 tour of the West Indies, the 2012 U-19 Cricket World Cup (all six matches including the fifth place playoff), all seven youth ODI matches for the West Indies U-19 team in the 2011/12 U-19 Quadrangular Series in India, all three youth ODI matches of the 2011 Dubai Series between the West Indies U-19 team and the Australia U-19 team and all six matches of the West Indies team in the 2009/10 U-19 Cricket World Cup where they lost in the semi-finals to the Pakistan U-19 cricket team but beat the Sri Lanka U-19 cricket team in the playoff to place third in the tournament. West Indies U-19s' best result in an U-19 World Cup has been as champions in 2016. Previously they were a finalist in 2003/04 and 2007/08 they won the plate final for the U-19 World Cup.

Paragraph 26: Their first title was claimed in 1997 and the only title they would win for the island.  Later, the team won the most titles since the breakup of the island division in 1997.  Their next title was in 1998 and first after the breakup.  After winning the 2000 title, the club did not participate in the national championships, in fact no team participated from the southern zone in 2000.  Académica celebrated its 25th anniversary of foundation in 2006.  In 2011, success started to rise and finished with 23 points. Four clubs withdrew for the 2012 season and had only four clubs played, the club had six wins, no draws and losses and finished with 18 points, a low number. The 2013 season was Académica Porto Novo's successful career and best season where the club had 36 points and not a single draw or loss, their second was the 2014 season where the club had 34 points and not a single loss, their third was in 2015 and fourth in 2013.  Académica's next loss in a few seasons was at the final week losing to their second rival Marítimo 2–1 on April 23, their only success was in goal scoring which scored 60 and was the club record.  Overall in any of the island leagues, Académica had about four years without a loss numbering 53 matches, though in a championship with a club less than São Vicente's and no second division, the record is mostly tied with CS Mindelense's, the record is four matches ahead of Brava's Sporting. Also, on week 13, Académica defeated Sporting with a high margin of 11–0. From 2012 to April 2016, Académica's away matches came without any loss numbering 30, ahead of Santiago South's Sporting Praia which had 23 matches without any loss away from home. On April 30, 2017, one part its recently extended 22 match seasons, and third is Mindelense.  Also, it holds the record of being without a loss that is a combined South Zone championship-cup-super cup matches numbering about 60 and the winning run lasted until April 23 but not on home matches. It does not include the single Santo Antão Island Cup which the club lost one match and getting knocked out of the competition .  In the 2015–16 season, the club had ten titles, One of the few clubs of each island leagues ever to win six titles in six straight years, the others being CS Mindelense of nearby São Vicente several times between the foundation up to 1994, Botafogo of Fogo in 1981 and Brava's Nô Pintcha in 1996.

Paragraph 27: Kkusum (Nausheen Ali Sardar) lives in Ludhiana with Kkumud (Aashka Goradia), Sumitra (Savita Prabhune) and her family-like neighbour Madhuri ( Alpana Buch) and her daughter Simran (Jennifer Winget). Kkumud secures a scholarship to study in a famous University of Mumbai. Kkusum doesn't allow her to go to Mumbai but later agrees with her as she doesn't want to take any chance with Kkumud's career. Kkumud always has hated her father. She comes to Mumbai along with her friend Simran for the scholarship. Kali (Rucha Gujarathi) is grown up to be a spoilt brat due Mahi's evil teachings. She will go to any limit to fulfill her obsession. She also studies in the same university where Kkumud has taken admission. Kali tries to rag Kkumud and Simran but is then left shameful by them. She wreaks havoc in Kkumud's life. She leaks exam papers, keeps drugs in Kkumud's bag and accuses her for all these crimes. But Kkumud manages to prove herself innocent. So, Kali joins hands with her boyfriend Nakul (Karanvir Bohra). They accuse Kkumud of molesting him. In the courthouse, Kkusum (who is now replaced by Manasi Joshi Roy) and Abay meet each other as Nakul is the younger son of Abhay's best friend Aryaman. Still, they don't reunite as Mahi creates even more misunderstandings between them. Nakul is proven to be lying, so Abhay breaks the engagement, Kali is forced to get engaged to Garv (Chetan Hansraj), Esha's Godson, who loves Kali, but she still loves Nakul. Kali still secretly meets Nakul. Soon, Garv finds out that Kali doesn't love him so he breaks the engagement. But soon Kali finds that Nakul is just after her wealth and she finds out that she genuinely loves Garv and not Nakul. Abhay finds out that Kkumud is his daughter, Kali feels insecure. Kkumud likes Kshitij (Amit Sareen) who is Nakul's elder brother. Esha plans to avenge Kkusum. She drugs Kkumud and Kshitij and they consummate. Kkumud becomes pregnant with his baby, but Kshitij finds out that he has cancer, so he pretends to hate Kkumud. Kkumud's friend Garv (who is also Kshitij's friend) tells her to forget Kshitij. She does so and marries Garv to get away from the society and also because he offered her to help. On Garv's and Kkumud's wedding day Kshitij finds out that he doesn't have cancer and that it was the conspiracy of his grandmother and Nakul.

Paragraph 28: In December 1989, during The Adventures of Women & Men Without Hate in the 21st Century tour, guitarist Stefan Doroschuk was involved in a car accident in which both his legs and one of his arms were broken, necessitating the postponement of the tour. To pass the time, bandleader Ivan Doroschuk began jamming with Voivod drummer Michel Langevin and Doughboys member John Kastner and listening to Bleach by Nirvana, which would shape the sound of the album. According to Doroschuk, he was tired of being pressured by his record label to come up with another "Safety Dance", and instead wanted to take the album in a very different direction than anything the band had done in the past. A few months later, Stefan rejoined the band, this time switching to bass, and the new band began to tour. On 6 September 1990, Men Without Hats debuted the new image and sound in a surprise appearance at Les Foufounes Electriques in Montreal, with Mitsou Gelinas as a guest. The group performed many of their hits, rearranged in their new hard rock style, and most of the tracks that would become Sideways. The band eschewed the use of either of their logos (the crossed out man wearing a hat and the heart with the number 21 in it) for this release, instead opting to use a simple font (MENWITHOUTHATS). They also decided to abandon the left-wing politics that had defined Pop Goes the World and In the 21st Century, instead writing simple non-political songs about life.

Paragraph 29: In late 1994, Andersson formed The Hellacopters as a side project together with Dregen, Kenny Håkansson and Robert Eriksson, all of whom earlier had been roadies during Andersson's time in Entombed. In January 1995 they released their first single Killing Allan on their own label Psychout Records. Their first full-length album Supershitty to the Max! was released in 1996 and was recorded in 25 hours and later awarded with a Grammies. The group recruited Anders Lindström and supported KISS on their Scandinavian shows in 1997. The album was followed up the next year with Payin' the Dues. Due to the band's success, Andersson left Entombed to focus full-time on his new band. However the next year guitarist Dregen left The Hellacopters to focus full-time on his other band Backyard Babies. With their third record The Hellacopters changed the direction of their music to a more cleaner sound than the early garage/punk rock style. The band continued to tour with temporary replacements before Robert 'Strings' Dahlqvist joined the band as their full-time guitarist. The band continued to release albums and tour extensively in Scandinavia, Europe and other parts of the world as well as opening up for The Rolling Stones on two shows in 2002. In 2006 The Hellacopters joined forces with The Hives, Backyard Babies, The Soundtrack of Our Lives and Millencolin and embarked on a successful tour throughout Sweden. The band broke up after the release of their 7th full-length album 'Head off', a collection of cover songs which was  followed in 2008 by a last tour through Europe and Scandinavia.

Paragraph 30: Till his twenty-ninth year he was intimately connected with the history of his native town and mingled actively in its affairs. He was prominent in politics early in life; was town treasurer in 1819 and 1820 and representative to the general court in 1821. In 1822 he removed to Derry, formerly a part of the town of Londonderry. He commenced life a comparatively poor boy and had only the education of the common schools of his day. At the age of fourteen he became clerk in the general store formerly conducted by his father and served an apprenticeship of five years. When he was nineteen years old he and his elder brother Thomas started in business on their own account in a general store at Windham. They prospered and as soon as their cash capital and enlarged credit would warrant the adventure they removed to New York City and built up a large and highly profitable trade. In 1831, foreseeing the future importance of Lowell, Massachusetts, as a manufacturing centre, the brothers settled in that city.  Lowell is not far from their native town; doubtless their love for the old New Hampshire hills influenced their selection of a location as well as their personal knowledge of the town and its vast possibilities as a manufacturing place. They invested largely in real estate and identified themselves with every movement and measure calculated to develop the town or increase its prosperity. They were leaders in enterprise and progress, shrewd and farsighted men of affairs. John Nesmith became interested in the manufacture of blankets, flannels, printing cloths, sheetings and other textile fabrics and that became eventually his principal vocation. He became agent or part owner in mills in Lowell, Dracut, Chelmsford, Hooksct and other places, and managed those enterprises with almost unvarying and uninterrupted success. He was also a large stockholder in the Merrimack Woolen Mills Company. Appreciating more than any other man the natural advantages of the water powers which have made Lowell what she is, he bethought himself of securing the supply of water in Winnepesaukee and Squam lakes in New Hampshire as reservoirs for the Lowell Mills in dry seasons and letting the water into the Merrimac River when needed by artificial canals. This brilliant conception was at first scouted by the manufacturers along the river, but Mr. Nesmith, satisfied that they would eventually require the water, bought the right to use both these lakes for the purpose and before long the manufacturers had to buy of him at a handsome profit.