Paragraph 1: In February 1944, the Army relocated to the area of the Perekop Isthmus. The Crimean Offensive was launched across the Perekop Isthmus on 8 April 1944 by elements of the 2nd Guards Army and 51st Army, under the 4th Ukrainian Front. On 1 May 1944 the army comprised the 13th Guards Rifle Corps (3rd, 24th and 87th Guards Rifle Divisions); 54th Rifle Corps (126th, 315th, and 387th Rifle Divisions); 55th Rifle Corps (33rd Guards, 87th, and 347th Rifle Divisions); and the 78th and 116th Fortified Regions. In cooperation with other troops of the 4th Ukrainian Front and the Black Sea Fleet, Sevastopol was liberated on May 9, 1944. In May and June the 2nd Guards Army was relocated to the area of the cities Dorogobuzh Elnya. On May 20, was moved to the Reserve of the Supreme High Command and on July 8 the unit was a part of the 1st Baltic Front. By that time, it consisted of the 11th and the 13th and 54th Guards Rifle Corps. In this structure, on 5–20 July 1944 took part in the Vilnius Offensive/operation at the end of July, and in the Siauliai offensive reflect enemy counterattacks west and north-west of Siauliai. In October, the 2nd Guards Army participated in the Memel offensive. On December 20 it was reassigned to the 3rd Belorussian Front.

Paragraph 2: The songwriting process for California was much less collaborative than the band's previous albums. Despite having a more accessible sound than prior releases, saxophonist Clinton McKinnon has stated, "It wasn’t some attempt at reconciling how much we’d previously tortured our audiences with white-noise [...] it wasn’t some conscious attempt to normalise our music or make it all the more palatable." On the album's writing and sound, Trevor Dunn stated in a 2017 interview that, "[we] never discussed our projected direction. We never sat down and said, 'ok the last record was like that so now let’s attempt this.' Instead we individually brought things to the collective table that somehow coalesced without premeditation." He goes on to state that "the recording of California was a bit of a nightmare. We attempted frugality by recording a lot in our rehearsal space which [our guitarist] Trey [Spruance] had partially turned into a recording studio.  But we also spread the work out over various outside studios with a number of engineers as well as additional musicians.  In the end we had two 24-track tape machines and two ADAT machines linked. That record would have been much easier to manage had Pro Tools come along a bit sooner."

Paragraph 3: A neighbour offered Taylor, aged 15, a job as a camera assistant to William Shenton, a cinematographer working for Gainsborough Studios at their Islington base. In 1929, Taylor worked on the studio's final two silent films. Shenton took Taylor to Paris where he worked on two more silent films, before returning to Gainsborough. He then worked at Elstree for British International Pictures, where he was clapper loader on the Alfred Hitchcock film Number Seventeen (1932). Despite his junior status, formally a second camera assistant, Taylor was entrusted with some of the special effects work, including the use of mattes, to disguise the roofs of poorly-maintained buildings.

Paragraph 4: Fasciola hepatica, also known as the  common liver fluke or sheep liver fluke, is a parasitic trematode (fluke or flatworm, a type of helminth) of the class Trematoda, phylum Platyhelminthes. It infects the livers of various mammals, including humans, and is transmitted by sheep and cattle to humans the world over. The disease caused by the fluke is called fasciolosis or fascioliasis, which is a type of helminthiasis and has been classified as a neglected tropical disease. Fasciolosis is currently classified as a plant/food-borne trematode infection, often acquired through eating the parasite's metacercariae encysted on plants. F. hepatica, which is distributed worldwide, has been known as an important parasite of sheep and cattle for decades and causes significant economic losses in these livestock species, up to £23 million in the UK alone. Because of its relatively large size and economic importance, it has been the subject of many scientific investigations and may be the best-known of any trematode species. F. hepatica's closest relative is Fasciola gigantica. These two flukes are sister species; they share many morphological features and can mate with each other.

Paragraph 5: No. 6 Squadron next saw action in late 1944. From late October it and the other units of No. 71 Wing conducted attacks on Rabaul and other locations in New Britain to support the Australian 5th Division's Landing at Jacquinot Bay and subsequent operations on the island. Between December 1944 and January 1945, No. 6 Squadron moved to Dobodura airfield to support Australian Army operations in New Britain and the Aitape–Wewak area of New Guinea. There were few targets within range of Dobodura, and the squadron saw little combat during 1945. Despite the limited nature of the raids conducted from Dobodura, the squadron's offensive operations were hampered by a shortage of bombs. A detachment of six aircraft was deployed to Tadji between late April and 13 May to participate in attacks on Japanese positions near Wewak alongside Beauforts from No. 7, No. 8, No. 15 and No. 100 Squadrons. The squadron conducted little operational flying from late May, and in June its commander recommended in his monthly report that No. 6 Squadron be either disbanded or re-equipped and sent to a more active area. RAAF Headquarters did not respond to this proposal, and many other Australian squadrons were similarly under-employed at the time. The squadron's last combat operations were undertaken by a detachment of two Beauforts which were deployed to Biak during July; these aircraft bombed Japanese positions in the area alongside P-40 Kittyhawks operated by No. 120 (NEI) Squadron. Following the end of the war the squadron dropped leaflets to advise Japanese troops that their country had surrendered and continued to make anti-submarine patrols. In September all of the squadron's aircrew were posted to units located further from Australia and were replaced by aircrew from these squadrons. The squadron also began regular courier flights between Dobodura and Milne Bay during the month. No. 6 Squadron remained at Dobodura until 18 October 1945, when it returned to Australia and was disbanded at Kingaroy, Queensland, on the 31st of the month. The squadron suffered 35 fatalities during World War II.

Paragraph 6: Polytechnic Schools (Escolas Politécnicas) were created in the 19th century in Lisbon (Escola Politécnica) and Porto (Academia Politécnica), and were merged into the newly created universities of Lisbon and Porto in 1911. Other than the name, they were not related at all with the current polytechnic subsystem which exists in Portugal since the 1970s, or to any current institution belonging to them. The current "Polytechnical Institutes" started to open after 1974. Some of them have its origins in the former vocational education "Institutes of Industry and Commerce" (Institutos Industriais e Comerciais) like the ones founded in Lisbon (Instituto Industrial e Comercial de Lisboa), Porto, and Coimbra. A few polytechnical higher education institutions, though formed as such in the 1980s, have their origin in 19th century educational institutions - this is the case of the Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Lisboa, the Instituto Superior de Engenharia do Porto and the Escola Superior Agrária de Coimbra. The polytechnic institutes (institutos politécnicos) of Portugal used to be higher education institutions with very different roles and competences of those encompassed and provided by the universities, because the polytechnics didn't award neither masters nor doctoral degrees, and unlike universities, they didn't develop independent research activities. In the following decades after their start in the 1970s and 1980s, the polytechnic institutions didn't assume their specific role as tertiary education vocational schools, which were created to award practical diplomas in more technical or basic fields. Non-university intermediate professionals and skilled workers for the industry, agriculture, commerce and other services where needed. As more new public university institutions were founded or expanded, polytechnics didn't feel comfortable with their subaltern status in the Portuguese higher education system and a desire to be upgraded into university-like institutions grew among the polytechnic institutions' administrations. This desire of emancipation and evolution from polytechnic status to university status, was not followed by better qualified teaching staff, better facilities for teaching or researching, or by a stronger curricula with a more selective admission criteria, comparable with those enforced by almost all public university institutions. Criteria ambiguity and the general lower standards in polytechnic higher education and admission, were fiercely criticised by education personalities like university rectors, regarding issues like the lack of admission exams in mathematics for polytechnic engineering applicants, and the proliferation of administration and management courses everywhere, many without a proper curriculum in mathematics, statistics and economics-related disciplines. Since 2007, after many reforms, upgrades, and changes, including the Bologna process, the Portuguese polytechnic institutes started to be considered as de facto technical universities in a number of fields, with little formal difference between their 1st and 2nd cycle degrees and those awarded by the classic full chartered universities (polytechnics do not have competences to award 3rd cycle doctorate degrees and, in general, they don't develop fundamental research work). The polytechnical institutes are organized into confederations of autonomous polytechnic higher education units comprising a wide range of fields from engineering or technologies to education to accountancy to agriculture (called institutes and schools). Since the creation of the first polytechnical institutes that started in the late 1970s, to 1999 after new legislation has been approved for these institutions, the polytechnics were only allowed to offer a three-year bachelor degree (bacharelato). In opposition, the Portuguese universities conferred 4 to 6 years major bachelor degrees, known in many countries as licentiate degree (licenciatura). The universities were also the only institutions awarding masters and doctoral degrees in Portugal to graduated people having the licenciatura diploma conferred exclusively in the universities. In general, the polytechnic system has been often regarded as a second choice alternative to the university for a large number of students. There was a historic connotation of the Portuguese polytechnical institutes as the schools of last resort, because of their general low selectiveness (which was clearly substandard from the 1980s to the mid-2000s), lack of historical notability, and diminute number of highly distinguished alumni and professors, which some feel hurts their reputation. However, the changes introduced by the Bologna Process in Portuguese higher education created a more uniform and homogeneous higher educational system, at least in the public university and polytechnical institutions, which within a decade (1997–2007) became more equal, as far as is concerned with the formal attribution of academic degrees.

Paragraph 7: The early rabbinic literature contains also the traditions which portray Eve in a less positive manner. According to Genesis Rabbah 18:4 Adam quickly realizes that Eve is destined to engage in constant quarrels with him. The first woman also becomes the object of accusations ascribed to Rabbi Joshua of Siknin, according to whom Eve, despite the divine efforts, turned out to be “swelled-headed, coquette, eavesdropper, gossip, prone to jealousy, light-fingered and gadabout” (ibid. 18:2). A similar set of charges appears in Genesis Rabbah 17:8, according to which Eve's creation from Adam's rib rather than from the earth makes her inferior to Adam and never satisfied with anything. Finally, the gravest evils attributed to Eve appear in Genesis Rabbah 17:8:Why does a man go out bareheaded while a woman goes out with her head covered? She is like one who has done wrong and is ashamed of people; therefore she goes out with her head covered. Why do they [the women] walk in front of the corpse [at a funeral]? Because they brought death into the world, they therefore walk in front of the corpse, [as it is written], “For he is borne to the grave ... and all men draw after him, as there were innumerable before him” (Job 21:32f). And why was the precept of menstruation (nidah) given to her? Because she shed the blood of Adam [by causing death], therefore was the precept of menstruation given to her. And why was the precept of “dough” (ḥalah) given to her? Because she corrupted Adam, who was the dough of the world, therefore was the precept of dough given to her. And why was the precept of the Sabbath lights (nerot shabat) given to her? Because she extinguished the soul of Adam, therefore was the precept of the Sabbath lights given to her.In addition to this, the early rabbinic literature contains numerous instances in which Eve is accused of various sexual transgressions. Told in Genesis 3:16 that “your desire shall be for your husband,” she is accused by the Rabbis of having an overdeveloped sexual drive (Genesis Rabbah 20:7) and constantly enticing Adam (ibid. 23:5). However, in terms of textual popularity and dissemination, the motif of Eve copulating with the primeval serpent takes priority over her other sexual transgressions. Despite rather unsettling picturesqueness of this account, it is conveyed in numerous places: Genesis Rabbah 18:6, Sotah 9b, Shabat 145b–146a and 196a, Yevamot 103b and ‘Avodah zarah 22b.

Paragraph 8: In the German version of the model, there are paramedics (called Rettungsassistenten).  Medical control is on-line, immediate, and direct. The training of the Rettungsassistent is comparable to that of many North American paramedics, but they may be limited in their scope of practice. Paramedics may practice advanced life support skills at all times when the physician with whom they work is physically present. In some cases they are restricted in action if there is no physician present, a legal position mostly claimed by the physicians' lobby. Under German law, unless an immediately life-threatening or potentially debilitating emergency is present, such individuals may be limited to basic life support skills only, or to restricted ALS skills, which are defined in the "standing orders" of the medical director of each respective county. In 2003, there was a reform movement to expand the "standing competency", especially in the realm of pain treatment, by offering additional training to the level of "Notfallsanitaeter".

Paragraph 9: Delegated jurisdiction rests either on a special authorization of the holders of ordinary jurisdiction (delegatio ab homine), or on a general law (delegatio a lege, a jure, a canone). Thus, the Council of Trent transferred a number of papal rights to the bishops "tanquam Apostolicae Sedis delegati", i.e. also as delegates of the Apostolic See, and "etiam tanquam Apostolicae Sedis delegati", i.e. also as delegates of the Apostolic See. In the first class of cases, bishops do not possess ordinary jurisdiction. The meaning of the second expression is disputed, but it is generally taken as purely cumulative. If the delegation applies to one or several designated cases only, it is special delegation; if it applies to an entire class of subjects, it is then general delegation or delegation for the universality of causes. Delegated jurisdiction for the total of a number of matters is known as delegatio mandata. Only those can be appointed delegates who are competent to execute the delegation. For an act of consecration the delegate must have himself the necessary sacred orders. For acts of jurisdiction he must be an ecclesiastic, though the pope could also delegate a layman. Papal delegation is usually conferred only on ecclesiastical dignitaries or canons. The delegate must be twenty years old, but eighteen years suffices for one appointed by the pope. He must also be free from excommunication. Those placed under the jurisdiction of the delegator must submit to the delegation. Delegation for one matter can also be conferred upon several. The distinction to be made is whether they have to act jointly and severally (collegiately), jointly but individually (solidarily), or solidarily at least in some given case. The delegate is to follow exactly his instructions, but is empowered to do all that is necessary to execute them. If he exceed his power, his act is null.

Paragraph 10: On 14 April 1930, the Ministry of the Interior, through its Directorate General of Political and Civil Administration, issued a circular letter defining the heraldic standards to be used in the coat of arms, flags and seals of all municipalities. These were based on the regulation draft created by Dornellas. The municipal heraldic rules were reformed in 1991, but the basic standard rules established in 1930 were kept and are still in force. Most of the municipal arms were then gradually reformed in order to comply with the standard rules. In most cases, the reform kept the basic design of the original coat of arms, occasionally with a mere adjustment of the tinctures and charges in order to fully comply with the heraldic rules. However, in many cases the standardization led to a radical change, with completely new designs being introduced in some cases. While the blazon of the old municipal coat of arms tended to have an erudite meaning, with frequent references to the history of the municipality or puns regarding their names, the blazon of the municipal coat of arms introduced after 1930 tended to have more mundane meanings, frequently referring to their economical activities or landmarks. This resulted in the frequent repetition of some charges (like bunches of grapes representing the local production of wine or castles representing the existence of castles in the area), which made many of the coats of arms very similar to each other. Some municipalities refused to abandon their traditional and distinctive heraldic emblems and maintained them, even if they were non-conforming to the new standards. Caldas da Rainha, for example, kept the coat of arms that was bestowed upon the settlement by Queen Leonor and Horta kept the coat of arms granted to the city, together with the title "most loyal" bestowed by King Louis I in 1865. Angra do Heroísmo, despite having its traditional coat of arms replaced in 1939 by a completely new design intended to be standards-compliant, decided in 2013 to readopt its old coat of arms granted to the city by Queen Mary II in 1837, even though it defied the standards in the inclusion of a crest, in the divisions of the field and in not using the round bottom shape shield.

Paragraph 11: Pearl was born into an upper-middle-class family on June 3, 1879, in Farmington, New Hampshire, the son of Ida May (McDuffee) and Frank Pearl. At an early age, Pearl was exposed to the classics.  His parents and grandparents wanted him to study Greek and Latin.  However, when he attended Dartmouth College at 16 years old, he became fascinated by biology and graduated with a B.A. as the youngest in his class.  At Dartmouth, he was known to be an exceptional student as well as a skilled musician.  He was capable of playing almost every wind instrument, and he planned amateur music performances with his friends and colleagues.  In 1899, Pearl attended the University of Michigan where he received his PhD in zoology for his work on the behavior of planarians.  He also was involved in studying the variation of fish for the Biological Survey of the Great Lakes.  While working in a zoological laboratory, he met his future wife, Maude M. De Witt.  In 1903, they married, and together in 1905 and 1906, they traveled abroad and worked at the University of London, University of Leipzig, and Marine Biological Station in Naples.

Paragraph 12: In 1985, after becoming an American citizen, Curren reached the final at Wimbledon with the help of coaching from Tony Roche. After defeating Larry Stefanki, Mike De Palmer, David Mustard and then future champion Stefan Edberg in the fourth round in straight sets, he eliminated the then-world No. 1, John McEnroe, in the quarterfinals, and world No. 3 Jimmy Connors, in the semifinals. Curren was the first player to beat both American players in the same Grand Slam event. McEnroe commented that he felt overpowered and later that he had difficulty in dealing with Curren's highly individualistic and very fast serving, which, in its low toss, was hard to read and tended to produce low balls that skipped on the grass courts of the time. In the final, he lost in four sets to Boris Becker, in a match best remembered for making the 17-year-old Becker the youngest male Grand Slam champion (a record which was later eclipsed by Michael Chang in 1989 at the French Open). The final was intense, and Becker sent several hostile glares to Curren before and after points. On one of the final change-overs, Becker bumped Curren's shoulder as they passed one another. After his defeat, Curren was noted as saying that he thought the game would see an increase in the number of successful young players and predicted that they would have more intense, but shorter careers. Curren was the last American man to reach the final at Wimbledon until Andre Agassi did so seven years later in 1992.

Paragraph 13: On 10 August 1519 Duarte Barbosa sailed from Seville on Magellan's voyage of circumnavigation, along with his friend João Serrão.  His curiosity led him to leave the expedition for the company of locals several times during the voyage, to Magellan's annoyance. Magellan even came to arrest him. On 2April1520, however, the help of Duarte Barbosa was crucial to facing down a riot in Puerto San Julian (Argentina), and thereafter Barbosa become captain of the Victoria. According to Antonio Pigafetta's account, after Magellan's death on 27April1521 at the Battle of Mactan (Philippines), Barbosa was one of the few survivors of the battle and was made co-commander of the expedition along with João Serrão. Barbosa  tried to recover Magellan's body without success. He tried to land Enrique of Malacca, but gave up. Despite the manumission he was entitled to according to Magellan's will made before departure, Duarte Barbosa or João Serrão then threatened to enslave him to Magellan's widow. The fear of Enrique has since been considered an argument for him conspiring with Rajah Humabon. On 1 May1521 all were invited by the rajah to a banquet ashore near Cebu, the Philippines, to receive a gift for the king of Spain. There Barbosa and many others were killed. João Serrão was brought by natives who wanted to exchange him for weapons, but was left behind and was saved by the pilot João Carvalho. Enrique disappeared.

Paragraph 14: On March 23, 1993, on certiorari the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the government, voting 7–2 to reverse the lower court—the Court of Appeals.  Justice Antonin Scalia, joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist, and Justices Byron White, Sandra Day O'Connor, Anthony Kennedy, David Souter, and Clarence Thomas, held that the unaccompanied alien children had no constitutional right to be released to someone other than a close relative, nor to automatic review by an immigration judge. In an opinion by Scalia, joined by Rehnquist, White, O'Connor, Kennedy, Souter, and Thomas, it was held that the INS policy—242.24—did not violate substantive due process under the Fifth Amendment. While lawyers for the plaintiffs alleged in a "novel" way that children have a fundamental right to liberty, in which a child who has "no available parent, close relative, or legal guardian, and for whom the government was responsible" has the right "to be placed in the custody of a willing and able private custodian rather than the custody of a government-operated or government-selected child care institution." The Court ruled that if that fundamental right existed, "it would presumably apply to state custody over orphaned and abandoned children as well." They ruled that "under the circumstances" "continued government custody was rationally connected to a government interest in promoting juveniles' welfare and was not punitive" and that "there was no constitutional need to meet even a more limited demand for an individualized hearing as to whether private placement would be in a juvenile's "best interests," so long as institutional custody was good enough." The Court held that the INS "did not violate procedural due process, under the Fifth Amendment, through failing to require the INS to determine in the case of each alien juvenile that detention in INS custody would better serve the juvenile's interests than release to some other "responsible adult," not providing for automatic review by an immigration judge of initial INS deportability and custody determinations, or failing to set a time period within which an immigration judge hearing, if requested, had to be held." The Court also held that this was not "beyond the scope of the Attorney General's discretion" because the INS 242.24 "rationally pursued the lawful purpose of protecting the welfare of such juveniles." It held that the juveniles could be "detained pending deportation hearings pursuant" under 8 CFR § 242.24 which "provides for the release of detained minors only to their parents, close relatives, or legal guardians, except in unusual and compelling circumstances."

Paragraph 15: Archaeologists believe that the palace was designed by architects and built by slaves and paid workers (contractors).  Herod was considered one of the greatest builders of his time and was not daunted by geography—his palace was built on the edge of the desert and was situated atop an artificial hill. The largest of the four towers was built on a stone base 18 meters in diameter. This was most likely where Herod lived; he decorated his rooms with mosaic floors and elaborate frescoes. The other three towers, which consisted of living spaces and storage, were 16 meters in diameter. Outside, several cisterns were built to collect water that was channeled into the palace.

Paragraph 16: The family later goes to the hospital to visit the farmer who was injured in the giant accident, only to find that Mr. Charming (revealed to be Prince Charming) has beaten them and erased the farmer's memory. Despite this, they interview the farmer's wife at his bedside. The farmer's wife, Mrs. Applebee, informs them that her husband had sworn he'd seen a giant, but she believes a different theory. She says there was a British man who often visited their farm and asked to rent their field, but became hostile when they refused. She says that later, the man had returned, apologized for being so rude, and offered to pay for them to stay in New York City as an apology. Mrs. Applebee had gone with her sister rather than her husband. When they arrived, the hotel had no record of their reservation. On the way out, the family is ambushed by a group of 'goons' who threaten the Grimms to abandon the case. Granny is not scared, and instead sees this as a sign they are on the right path. Granny decides to follow the gang and find out who employed them in a stakeout. On the way, she tells them about giants. the only person to ever have successfully robbed and killed a giant was Jack,(from Jack and the Beanstalk), but now he works at a retail store in town. On the stakeout, while granny and canis are distracted, sabrina makes an attempt to escape with Daphne, despite Daphne's protests. just after they leave the car, it is attacked by a giant. The giant, chanting about how he must find "the englishman" picks up the car, containing granny and canis, and walks away with it, leaving the girls alone in the woods with only granny's handbag. They try to hitchhike, but encounter Officer Hamstead, one of the three little pigs. He offers to drive the girls home, but they discover he works for Mr. Charming, and make an escape. The girls follow pixie lights into the woods and soon meet Puck (from A Midsummer Night's Dream). Puck originally believes they are spies and tries to drown them, claiming they have stolen the old lady away from him. they mistake  him for the infamous Peter Pan, which enrages him even further. He originally decides that he won't help them find granny because he is a self-proclaimed villain. Ultimately he follows them home, helps them get back into the house, and agrees to help them save their grandmother just because she was kind to him and fed him since he was little. Puck and Sabrina share a clear hatred for each other and spend the majority of the time bickering. Sabrina and Daphne find their father's diary, detailing his accounts with Mayor Charming. It reveals that the upcoming fundraiser ball at prince charming's mansion is a scam he created to make money after a series of business fails. They also find out that giants are very gullible. They theorize that Mayor Charming tricked a giant into crushing the house for him, and that Mayor Charming is the 'Englishman'.

Paragraph 17: Ma'an was divided into two distinct quarters since the Umayyad period: Ma'an al-Shamiyya and Ma'an al-Hijaziyya. The latter served as the main town, while the former was a small neighborhood inhabited by Syrians from the north. The city continued to be a major town on the Hajj pilgrimage route and its economy was entirely dependent on it. Its principal trade partner was the coastal city of Gaza in southern Palestine, from where supplies were brought to Ma'an for resale to pilgrims. Provisions were also imported from Hebron. In addition to provisions, Ma'an's outward caravan was dominated by the sale of livestock, particularly camels for transport and sheep for ritual sacrifice. The incoming caravan was a buyer's market for goods coming from across the Muslim world. Ma'an's culture was highly influenced by its role on the Hajj route and unlike many other desert towns, most of its residents were literate and many served as imams or religious advisers for the Bedouin tribes in the area. Swiss traveler Johann Ludwig Burckhardt noted that the people of Ma'an "considered their town an advanced post to the sacred city of Medina." The townspeople's relationship with Bedouin was also unique. While most Transjordanian towns had uneasy relationships with the nomadic tribes to whom they paid regular tribute (khuwwa), Ma'an's residents and the Bedouin enjoyed positive relations. Finnish explorer Georg August Wallin wrote the level of economic interdependence between the two groups was unlike anywhere else in Syria's desert regions. As a testament to their relationship of mutual trust, Ma'an's inhabitants were able to bargain down or withhold payment of the khuwwa during tough economic years. The major tribes around the city were the 'Anizzah and the Huwaytat.

Paragraph 18: Dog Man was the best cop of the world, but he only had one weakness. He was eating out of the garbage cans, rolling in the dead fish and sniffing the other dogs. The cops (even the chief) decided to give him a bath, but Dog Man ran away because he doesn't like baths. The cops searched all around the city looking for Dog Man, but they couldn't find him anywhere. Soon, Petey decided that he should escape. He put the newspaper in the toilet, and he clogged the toilet by flushing the chain. The water from the toilet began going higher and higher and Petey escaped cat jail to his crime spree by robbing banks, stealing jewels and hijacking cars. But the cops could never catch them, they wish Dog Man would return. Meanwhile, Dog Man was hiding in an alley, eating out of a garbage can, and saw a newspaper. He felt ashamed, but he knew he must be brave and returned "bravishly" to stop Petey. He searched for him and picked up a trail which led straight to Petey's house, but it was a trap. Petey sprayed water and Dog Man got scared, so he ran away from Petey by digging a hole to the zoo. Dog Man came up in a cage where the skunks live, and the skunks sprayed on Dog Man. Dog Man "liked stinky stuff but that was too much"!  Petey ran out of the hole and got caught by a net. The cop sent Petey back to cat jail while the cops gave Dog Man a bath. Dog Man was now clean, but then he rolled on the dead fish again. This comic was both seen on the full-color version of the third Captain Underpants book in 2014 and Dog Man Unleashed in 2016.

Paragraph 19: From the club's inception in 1880, Manchester City – first known as St Mark's (West Gorton), then as West Gorton A.F.C. and by mid-1884 as just Gorton A.F.C. – had struggled to find a stable location to base themselves. Originally simply playing on a dangerously bumpy patch of grass near to the church of their origin, the club quickly signed an agreement to ground-share with the Kirkmanshulme Cricket Club before being turfed out only a year later. Three further pitches were then created on wasteland over the following four seasons, but all proved inadequate for one reason or another. When their fifth pitch arrangement collapsed in 1887, with the landlord of the Bulls Head Hotel demanding a rent increase for the use of a nearby field, the club were forced to seek an alternative venue. Then-captain Kenneth McKenzie discovered an area of waste ground on Hyde Road in Ardwick and near to his place of work, and informed the club committee. Lawrence Furniss, the club secretary, ascertained that the ground was owned by the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company. Following an initial letter of enquiry by Gorton player Walter Chew to railway company estate agent Edwin Barker, Furniss and Chew negotiated a seven-month lease at a cost of £10, and the club changed its name to "Ardwick A.F.C." to reflect the new location. A few weeks later, using materials provided by the nearby Galloway engineering works, a rudimentary football ground was ready for use. The ground had no changing rooms, and teams changed in a nearby public house, the Hyde Road Hotel, where the football club held business meetings. The ground's first seating area was built in 1888, with 1,000 seats, paid for by Chesters Brewery in return for the right to be the sole provider of alcohol inside the ground. Ardwick were admitted to the Football League in 1892. The first league match held at Hyde Road was a 7–0 Ardwick win against Bootle on 3 September 1892. Two years later the club reformed as "Manchester City F.C."

Paragraph 20: On December 31, Fujimoto entered the Super Ice-Cup tournament, defeating Mai Ichii in her first round match. On January 4, 2010, Fujimoto first defeated Hikaru Shida in the semifinals and then Emi Sakura in the finals to not only win the Super Ice-Cup, but to also become the new ICE×60 Champion. After successful defenses against Hamuko Hoshi, Makoto and Hikari Minami, Fujimoto lost the title to Miyako Matsumoto on March 21. For most of 2010, Fujimoto was involved with NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling performer Natsuki☆Taiyo, first as her partner and then opposite her, unsuccessfully challenging her for the NEO High Speed Championship on May 3. On October 20, Fujimoto and Shida received their first shot at the International Ribbon Tag Team Championship, but were defeated by Emi Sakura and Nanae Takahashi. On December 11, Fujimoto became a champion again, when she defeated Kazumi Shimouma and Hamuko Hoshi for the Triangle Ribbon Championship. Just two weeks later on December 23, Fujimoto and Shida defeated Sakura and Takahashi in a rematch to become the new International Ribbon Tag Team Champions. Fujimoto's December was capped off three days later, when she defeated Command Bolshoi to regain the ICE×60 Championship, meaning that she now held all three Ice Ribbon championships simultaneously. Fujimoto and Shida went on to successfully defend the International Tag Team Championship against Hikari Minami and Riho on January 4, 2011, and against the teams of Mochi Miyagi and Ryo Mizunami, and Makoto and Riho on February 6, winning the "Ike! Ike! Ima, Ike! Ribbon Tag Tournament" in the process. In early 2011, Fujimoto began feuding with Ice Ribbon newcomer Ray, starting on February 26, when Ray pinned Fujimoto in a tag team match, only her second match in the promotion. On March 2, Ray challenged Fujimoto for the Triangle Ribbon Championship in a three-way match, which also included Chii Tomiya. The match ended with both Fujimoto and Ray simultaneously pinning Tomiya, which resulted in Fujimoto being stripped of the title. She would regain the title three days later by defeating Hikaru Shida and Makoto. On March 19, Ray and Emi Sakura defeated Fujimoto and Shida in a non-title match and afterwards laid a challenge for the International Ribbon Tag Team Championship. On March 21, Fujimoto successfully defended the ICE×60 Championship against Ray. However, five days later, Ray and Sakura defeated Fujimoto and Shida for the International Ribbon Tag Team Championship, ending Muscle Venus' reign at 93 days and breaking Fujimoto's Triple Crown. On June 29, Fujimoto lost the Triangle Ribbon Championship to Neko Nitta in a match that also included Ray.

Paragraph 21: NRG Esports signed the Kings of Urban roster after a strong finish in their region in RLCS Season 1 in 2016. RLCS Season 2 saw NRG bow out of the RLCS finals after a loss to Flipsid3 Tactics, finishing 5-6th. In the off-season, GarrettG was picked up from his former team Orbit, replacing Sadjunior. This new roster achieved a 3rd-place finish in the RLCS Season 3 finals, losing out to the eventual champions in Northern Gaming. After a disappointing last-place finish in the RLCS Season 4 Finals, NRG dropped mainstay and fan-favorite Jacob for rookie prodigy jstn. With jstn, NRG came one goal away from becoming the Rocket League world champions in Season 5. After going undefeated in both regular season and the first two days of the RLCS tournament, NRG met Dignitas in the Grand Finals. Dignitas reset the bracket with a 4–1 win in the first best-of-seven, which meant one final series would crown the champs. In Game 7, NRG trailed by one goal in the final moments, but jstn scored a last-second goal to send the game into overtime, where they ultimately lost. NRG would continue to dominate RLCS regional play in seasons 6 and 7, only to fall short of expectations at both finals. Several days after the end of Season 7, NRG legend Fireburner announced he was stepping away from competitive Rocket League. Nearly a month later, it was announced that three-time RLCS champion Turbopolsa, a member of the same Dignitas team that defeated NRG for the world title in season 5, would replace Fireburner, becoming the first player to make a cross-region move from Europe to North America. Months after Turbopolsa's move to North America, NRG Esports would finally go on to win the Rocket League World Championship series on December 15, 2019, beating Renault Vitality in a seven-game Grand Finals with jstn scoring the winning goal in overtime. They would then drop Turbopolsa in order to sign SquishyMuffinz, a player coming from the recently disbanded team Cloud9. With this roster, they went on to win RLCS X North American Championship, and lose in the Grand Finals of Fall Major RLCS 11 to Team BDS. They qualified for the Winter Major as the number 1 seed from NA,they went 1-2 in groups and were placed in the lower bracket against the eventual runner ups Team Queso, which they lost. NRG failed to qualify for the Spring Major, this was the first time NRG failed to qualify for an RLCS international LAN,but they qualified for the RLCS 2021-2022 Finals wildcard in Fort Worth. Although they failed to qualify for the Spring Major they still had enough points to qualify for the Main Event in Fort Worth. Following Version 1's loss against Moist Esports, NRG qualified for the Main Event in Fort Worth as the 3rd seed from North America.

Paragraph 22: The Laporte rule is a selection rule formally stated as follows: In a centrosymmetric environment, transitions between like atomic orbitals such as s-s, p-p, d-d, or f-f, transitions are forbidden. The Laporte rule (law) applies to electric dipole transitions, so the operator has u symmetry (meaning ungerade, odd). p orbitals also have u symmetry, so the symmetry of the transition moment function is given by the triple product u×u×u, which has u symmetry. The transitions are therefore forbidden. Likewise, d orbitals have g symmetry (meaning gerade, even), so the triple product g×u×g also has u symmetry and the transition is forbidden.

Paragraph 23: In 1704, Murray succeeded his father as a Knight of the Thistle. In 1704 an unsuccessful attempt was made by Lord Lovat, who used the Duke of Queensberry as a tool to implicate him in a Jacobite plot against Queen Anne. The intrigue was disclosed by Robert Ferguson, and Atholl sent a memorial to the Queen on the subject, which resulted in Queensberry's downfall. But the affair had a damaging effect on Murray's career, and he was deprived of office in October 1704. He subsequently became a strong antagonist of the government, and of the Hanoverian succession. He vehemently opposed Union during the years 1705–1707, and entered into a project which would have resisted the crown by force by holding Stirling Castle with the aid of the Cameronians but this plan was never followed. After the vote for Union,  he accepted compensation of £1,000 for back pay from services owed him (although in Lord Polwarth's memoirs the monies were not a 'bribe' as has been suggested by the Jacobite, Sir George Lockhart of Carnwath, but remuneration owed him since 1698 for service to the crown). On the occasion, however, of the planned invasion of 1708 he took no part, on account of illness, and was placed under arrest at Blair Castle.

Paragraph 24: In 1988, the general elections were held again which marked the PPP coming in power but dismissed in two years following the amid lawlessness situation in the country. In 1990, the general elections saw the right-wing alliance forming the government but dismissed in 1993 after the alliance collapse. The general elections in 1993 saw the PPP forming government after successfully seeking plurality in the Parliament. Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto made critical decisions during her era, ranging from working to strengthening the education, defense, foreign policy and pressed her policies hard to implement her domestic programs initiatives. Despite her tough rhetoric, Prime Minister Bhutto's own position deteriorated in her native province, Sindh, and lost her support following the death of her younger brother. Tales of high-scale corruption cases also maligned her image in the country and was dismissed from her post by her own hand-picked president in 1996. The 1997 general elections saw the centre-right, Pakistan Muslim League (N), or PML (N), gaining the exclusive mandate in the country and supermajority in the parliament. Despite Sharif's popularity in 1998 and popular peace initiatives in 1999, the conspiracy was hatched against Sharif by General Musharraf, accusing Sharif of hijacking the plane and pressed terrorism charges against Sharif in the military courts; thus ending Sharif's government.

Paragraph 25: In Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU) in 2007, Martinez began teaming with Angel Orsini. In March 2008, they began feuding that culminated in many grueling matches throughout 2008 into 2009, including a Steel Cage on January 10, 2009; 2 months later, Martinez defeated Orsini in a Bullrope match on March 7, 2009 at the Second Anniversary Show in Boonton, New Jersey to win the WSU Championship, ending Orsini's record reign of just over nine months. They had one more match that rewrote the record books in a 60-minute Iron Woman Match on June 6, 2009 in Boonton, New Jersey, that went a total of 70 minutes including going 10 minutes into sudden death and resulted in Mercedes getting the pin after a fisherwoman's buster and retaining the title. Martinez would continue to defend the title against the likes of Nikki Roxx, Awesome Kong, Rain, and Portia Perez. Along the way, Martinez and Orsini briefly captured the WSU Tag Team Championships. Martinez continued her WSU Championship title reign by defending against more challengers including Alicia, Amber O'Neal, Mickie James, and Jazz throughout 2009–2010. In January 2011, Martinez defeated Angel Orsini again in a ladder match to unify her title with Orsini's All Guts No Glory championship. Martinez then successfully defended her championship against Serena Deeb in the main event of WSU's 4 year anniversary show and also defeated Brittney Savage at WSU's Uncensored Rumble event. In August 2011, Mercedes put her title on the line against Uncensored Rumble winner, Lexxus in a match that would become the longest women's wrestling match in history as the match continued past the 60 minute time limit until Martinez was able to get the win after 73 minutes, breaking the record of the Orsini match by three minutes. Martinez then became involved in a violent rivalry with Jessicka Havok that culminated in Havok putting an end to Martinez's unprecedented three year title reign at the WSU 5th Anniversary Show.

Paragraph 26: The  Kolathiri  Dominion  emerged  into  independent 10 principalities i.e., Kadathanadu (Vadakara), Randathara or Poyanad (Dharmadom), Kottayam (Thalassery), Nileshwaram, Iruvazhinadu (Panoor), Kurumbranad etc.,   under   separate   royal   chieftains   due   to   the   outcome   of   internal dissensions. The Nileshwaram dynasty on the northernmost part of Kolathiri dominion, were relatives to both Kolathunadu as well as Zamorin of Calicut, in the early medieval period. The  origin  of  Kottayam Royal Family (the Kottayam referred here is Kottayam-Malabar near Thalassery, not to be confused with Kottayam in Southern Kerala)   is  lost  in  obscurity. It  has been stated that the Raja of Kottayam setup a semi-independent principality of his  own  at  the  expense  of  Kolathiris.  In  the  10th  century  AD,  the  region comprised erstwhile Taluks of Kottayam, Wayanad and Gudallur was called Puraikizhanad  and  its  feudal lord  Puraikizhars.  The  Thirunelly  Inscriptions refer  to  the  division  of  Puraikizhar  Family  into  two  branches  viz.,  Elder (Muthukur)  and  Younger  (Elamkur)  in  the  beginning  of  the  11th  century.  In 17th  century  Kottayam-Malabar  was  the  Capital  of  Puraikizhanad  (Puranattukara) Rajas. It was divided into three branches i.e., Eastern, Western and Southern under separate dignitaries known as Mootha, Elaya and Munnarkur Rajas. The Kottayam Rajas extended their influence up to the border of Kodagu. By the end of the  17th  century,  they  shared  the  area  of  Thalassery  Taluk  with  the Iruvazhinadu Nambiars and were in possession of North Wayanad and the small Village  of  Thamarassery  which  formed  the  Eastern  portion  of the  present Vadakara, Quilandy and Thamarassery Taluks.

Paragraph 27: In 1982, the Seattle Sounders selected Fry out of high school with the first pick of the 1983 North American Soccer League draft.  He played for the Sounders during their last year in existence, 1983, scoring four goals and assisting on three more.  Because he was from the local area, he lived with his parents while playing for the Sounders.  In October 1983, the Tulsa Roughnecks selected Fry in the dispersal draft.  He played for the Roughnecks during the 1983–1984 NASL indoor season.  He continued to mature as a player, seeing time in 22 games, scoring 8 goals and assisting on 4 more during the 1984 outdoor season. At the end of the season, the Roughnecks and the NASL folded.  In October 1984, Fry moved to the Chicago Sting as the team prepared for the upcoming Major Indoor Soccer League season, but the Sting sold his contract to the New York Cosmos in November.  As the Cosmos began to fail financially, they released Fry and several other players in March 1985.  In the summer of 1986, he signed with the Milwaukee Wave of the American Indoor Soccer Association, but was traded to the expansion Fort Wayne Flames.  In 1986, Fry was with the San Jose Earthquakes in the Western Soccer Alliance (WSA).  While the Earthquakes finished sixth out of seven teams, Fry had an excellent year, scoring 8 goals (second in the league).  In 1987, Fry moved to the Seattle Storm.  This year he finally experienced some team success as the Storm finished second in the league, falling to the Earthquakes in the wild card game.  In 1988, Fry remained with the Storm, helping it to the WSA championship, scoring an unassisted goal in Seattle's 5-0 destruction of the Earthquakes.  Fry ended the season 8th on the points list with 3 goals and 3 assists.  In 1989, Fry continued to produce for the Storm, finishing fifth in the league's points chart with 20 off 8 goals and 4 assists.  In 1990, the Western Soccer League merged with the American Soccer League to form the American Professional Soccer League.  Fry dominated the new league, scoring a league high 17 goals, assisting on 5 more and topping the APSL points list with 39.  The team, however, did not do as well.  It finished with a 10-10 record and folded at the end of the season.  Fry remained in the APSL, but moved to the San Francisco Bay Blackhawks for the 1991 season.  While Fry did not produce as many points for the Blackhawks as he did for the Storm, (6 goals, 2 assists and 14 points), the team still won the 1991 APSL championship.  In 1994, Fry returned to the second version of the Seattle Sounders of the APSL.  That year, he scored 11 goals in 18 games and was selected as a 1st Team All Star.  He would play with the team through the 1997 season.

Paragraph 28: Claiming he had important and intricate knowledge of IRA arsenals in the Dublin area, he was one of 60 men swiftly enlisted with the assistance of Special Branch in London as a street agent to serve in Ireland against the IRA on behalf of a newly formed "Combined Intelligence Service" (CIS) managed from Dublin Castle from May 1920 onward by Colonel Ormonde de L'Épée Winter. Special Branch was then under the command of Sir Basil Thomson, Director of Home Intelligence (not to be confused with either the Secret Intelligence Service or the British Security Service) and a former British prison governor. It is possible, if not likely, that Basil Thomson knew Hardy quite well from the latter's extended stays in Dartmoor and other British prisons, and that Thomson had personally recruited Hardy for his Dublin assignment, while serving as his London handler. Indeed, in his official after-action report, penned in 1922, Colonel Winter, attempting to run damage control over the ensuing fiasco, claimed that Hardy had not been recruited by "his men," implied that Hardy had been forced upon his unit, and that Hardy was, in fact, a bona fide turncoat, and manifestly ill-suited to serve as an intelligence operative. "His men" was a reference to Inspectors Godfrey C. Denham and Charles Tegart, two senior detectives on temporary loan to Winter from the Indian Imperial Police.  At face value, this statement strongly suggests that Thomson personally recruited Hardy for Winter's CIS, and that Hardy's subsequent offer to betray Thomson to the IRA may have been genuine. And it strongly suggests that Basil Thomson handled Hardy personally from London.  At a minimum, it does seem that Hardy knew Thomson personally. The training of these 60 agents was carried out at a safe house in England by Denham and Tegart, including training in impersonal communication, principally secret writing techniques. This enabled Hardy and the other 59 agents to send their intelligence reports directly back to a blind cover address in London, before being thoroughly analysed and forwarded by Denham and Tegart to Winter at Dublin Castle by means of official coded wireless messages or in locked courier pouches.  This impersonal reporting arrangement eliminated the need for Winter's Dublin Castle staff to directly handle Hardy and others in Ireland, and was intended to protect their informants from being observed by IRA operatives in street meetings with known Irish counterintelligence officers.

Paragraph 29: David is the Superior General of the secret organization the Talamasca, which researches and investigates the supernatural. David is introduced in The Queen of the Damned (1988). He meets both Lestat and Louis at the end of the novel. Lestat taunts David, offering to turn him with his powerful vampire blood, which David soundly refuses. In The Tale of the Body Thief (1992), it seems he and Lestat have become friends. After Lestat tries to end his immortal life by flying into the sun in the Gobi Desert, he visits David. He also seeks advice from David when Raglan James offers to switch bodies with him, though he doesn't listen to what David has to say. David helps Lestat regain his body. In the struggle with Raglan James, David switches into a much younger body, described as that of an Anglo-Indian with dark brown hair, while Lestat returns to his preternatural body. Lestat kills David's old body, which is possessed by James. At the end of the book, Lestat forces the blood upon David, making him his fledgling. David becomes somewhat of a confidant to Armand, and eventually records the story of his life in The Vampire Armand (1998). He is also described as having sexual preferences for young women and men, preferring men in The Tale of the Body Thief. David also appears in Merrick (2000), where he contacts the title character, who also happens to be part of the Mayfairs. In this book, Merrick raises the spirit of Claudia for Louis. In the end, it is revealed that Merrick has been using Vodou to bring both David and Louis to her so she can attain eternal life. This plan works, as Louis gives her the blood and makes her immortal. After he makes Merrick his fledgling, he tries to commit suicide by placing his coffin in the open where he would be burned to death when the sun rose. He nearly succeeds, but he is too old for the sun to end his life. David, Merrick, and Lestat find him and give him their blood to heal his burned form. Their combined blood makes Louis stronger than he had been before. The four then form a coven in New Orleans, but the Talamasca, enraged that three of their members had taken the blood, threaten the vampires and demand that Merrick, David, and Jesse return to them. Lestat wants to retaliate against the Talamasca, but David talks him out of doing anything rash, and the four leave their home in the Rue Royal.

Paragraph 30: In December 2021, Neighbours released a promotional trailer for Roxy's upcoming storylines that revealed Buchanan had reprised the role once again for her on-screen daughter's wedding to Kyle Canning (Chris Milligan), which she initially disapproves of. Gemma's return scenes aired on 7 January 2022 in the UK and 10 January 2022 in Australia. Buchanan was happy to return once again and believed that Neighbours''' tradition of character returns was a success, though she worried viewers may not remember Gemma anymore. When Gemma returns, she has concerns about Roxy and Kyle's decision to marry. Gemma's attitude causes issues with Roxy who retaliates by banning her mother from helping her choose a wedding dress. Buchanan told Alice Penwill from Inside Soap that "I think Gemma's worried that Roxy and Kyle are too young to get married - it's all very sudden." She explained that Gemma does "like" Kyle and is accepting of their relationship, Gemma's issue is that Roxy is too young for commitment. Buchanan assessed that Roxy "has a history of being spontaneous and making rash decisions" and Gemma's failed marriage to Adam adds to her worries. Roxy banning her mother from bridal shopping made things "very awkward" but Gemma "tries to stand her ground". Buchanan noted that Gemma does not want to ruin her relationship with Roxy but they are too alike. Describing their likeness, the actress added "it's tough because they're similar in way - very headstrong! Gemma and Roxy both know what they want... and what they don't!" Buchanan enjoyed the opportunity to reconnect with her old cast mates and working with Anderson. She concluded that "many of my scenes have been with Zima and I just love her. She's just great, and it's honestly been so great to get back into it. The storylines been fun aswell – I've loved it all" Buchanan returned once more in April 2022, where Gemma helps Roxy move to Darwin and discovers that Roxy is pregnant.