Paragraph 1: The album features two lead vocalists, Molly Bancroft and Jan Burton, as well as backup vocals from Dave, Josh, Gabriel's wife, Kristy; and their little son, Rowan. The vocals also set in onslaught; this can make a background vocal chopped, reversed, reverbed, delayed, phased and distorted. The sound is made by Gabriel and Dresden with a Studio Projects tube microphone through a Grace 101 preamp into a Summit Audio TLA-50 compressor as well as in a MOTU 828mkII interface. Some vocal songs like "Let Go" featuring Molly Bancroft and "Enemy" with Burton prove how Gabriel and Dresden's methodology of creating an obvious lead vocal into separated, secondary layers. The background vocals provide a midpoint between high and low due to the sibilance; the highest part of the voice is the thing that gives one intelligibility, the high end is what makes the words clear since there is nothing clearer than one voice; everything else is blurrier once it is added. A song that meets these criteria is "Tracking Treasure Down", which features one clear voice and the additional background vocals at a certain high end pulled down so high frequencies don't interfere with the lead voice. By taking away the high end it would become muddier, which is something Dave evaded; he took all high-end voices away, except for one, which peaks through and creates a definite position of all minor vocals. The layer comes from the pitch part of the voice and not the sibilance, which eliminates most high end and low end voices making it sound in layers. Leaving several vocals with all the high end in position overloads the sound for the ears. By taking all ends off it hurts the ears; in this situation they used a shelf, so it would pull 5 dB less from 5,600 Hz, making it sound like if the vocals lose edge, as if it were falling behind, which does not remove the bass. Dresden uses a high-pass filter at 1,100 Hz which lies in-between. Rocktronica singer and songwriter Jes Brieden helped with the writing of lyrics for songs like "Enemy" and "Dangerous Power". Tracks "Enemy" and "Dangerous Power" are adaptations from the track "Imagination" by the duo's group Motorcycle with Jes Brieden. "Dust in the Wind" is a cover of the band Kansas; alternatively the duo wanted to cover "Black Hole Sun" by Soundgarden but they decided for "Dust in the Wind" since Dave felt it was a tribute to 9/11.

Paragraph 2: Public bathhouses were a prominent feature in the culture of the Muslim world which was inherited from the model of the Roman thermae. Muslim bathhouses, also called hammams (from ) or Turkish baths (due to their association with the Ottoman Empire), are historically found across the Middle East, North Africa, al-Andalus (Islamic Spain and Portugal), Central Asia, the Indian subcontinent, and in central and eastern Europe under Ottoman rule. In Islamic culture the significance of the hammam was both religious and civic: it provided for the needs of ritual ablutions (wudu and ghusl) but also provided general hygiene and served other functions in the community such as meeting places for socialization for both men and women. Archaeological remains attest to the existence of bathhouses in the Islamic world as early as the Umayyad period (7th–8th centuries) and their importance has persisted up to modern times. Their architecture evolved from the layout of Roman and Greek bathhouses and featured a similar sequence of rooms: an undressing room, a cold room, a warm room, and a hot room. Heat is produced by furnaces which provide hot water and steam, as well as smoke and hot air passing through conduits under the floor. The process of visiting a hammam was similar to that of Roman bathing, albeit with some exceptions such as the absence of exercise.

Paragraph 3: Examples of diseases of affluence include mostly chronic non-communicable diseases (NCDs) and other physical health conditions for which personal lifestyles and societal conditions associated with economic development are believed to be an important risk factor — such as type 2 diabetes, asthma, coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, peripheral vascular disease, obesity, hypertension, cancer, alcoholism, gout, and some types of allergy. They may also be considered to include depression and other mental health conditions associated with increased social isolation and lower levels of psychological well-being observed in many developed countries. Many of these conditions are interrelated, for example obesity is thought to be a partial cause of many other illnesses.

Paragraph 4: WULM has had many different formats over the years since it started broadcasting.  Originally country (as WJEL) when it was founded, when it was sold to a group of local businessmen and the call letters were changed to WBLY for the principals - Bailey, Lucas and Yontz.  The station operated at 1600 kHz with 1,000 watts of power from sunrise to sunset.  During winter months, WBLY was authorized to operate at 250 watts from 6:00 AM until sunrise. The format was changed to talk in the morning along with music, with its host Smilin' Bob (Bob Yontz) and was a MOR station (Middle of the Road) the rest of the day.  Smilin Bob remained a personality on the station through the 1970s and into the early 1990s.  He became greatly known all around the valley.  He was famous for giving all of his callers a nickname, and he handed out many.  WBLY also aired a Sunday morning big band program hosted by Roger Sharp that was the top rated program in its time slot for the Dayton area.  Upon Sharp's death in 1989, the Sunday morning program was hosted by Tom Eipper (airname Tom James).  In 1981 WBLY changed its format to classic country and switching to oldies in 1987 and the following year it was "sold" to Yontz's son Ron, who operated RAY broadcasting.  In 1988 WBLY moved its tower from its former AM-friendly location off West First Street to a more FM-friendly location on Miller Road.  The tower move increased WAZU's coverage in the Dayton area, but was detrimental to the AM station.  Also in 1988 WBLY (which was a "daytime" station) received authorization to operate 24 hours per day. The authorized power from sunset to sunrise was 30 watts.  To celebrate, and in keeping with the format, staff members Dale Grimm and Jim Mosier were on the air for 24 continuous hours, operating from the station's "street studio" on the first floor of the Marketplace on South Fountain Avenue.

Paragraph 5: Perceived by many as one of the weaker nations in the World Cup, Angola were paired with former colonial masters and Euro 2004 runners-up Portugal, then FIFA World Ranked 4th nation and seeds Mexico, and previous qualifier Iran in Group D. Despite predictions that Angola would be the whipping boys of the group, Gonçalves employed disciplined and organised tactics amongst his defence, and coupled this with a strong midfield and quick wingers both capable of retaining possession in the middle of the park and also launching pacey counter-attacks, with onus particularly placed on playmaker Figueiredo, wingers Ze Kalanga and Edson, and lone striker and national icon Akwa. Gonçalves's dedication to these tactics paid off with Angola only being edged out by Portugal 1–0 in their opening game, a marked difference over the previous meeting between the rivals, where the game had been abandoned due to wild challenges from the Pancalas Negras on Portuguese players. Gonçalves then arguably masterminded Angola's greatest ever sporting moment in the following game against 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup winners Mexico. Once again disciplining his defence to be watertight, and also entrusting free agent Joao Ricardo in goal, Angola kept a clean sheet against the Mexicans to draw 0–0 against the odds. Gonçalves's impressive stewardship of the much unfavoured Angolans meant that remarkably the then 57th FIFA Ranked team in the world had a conceivable chance of qualifying from the group as runners-up. Gonçalves's resolute defending plus quick counter-attacking tactics continued into his team's match against Iran, with Flávio creating history by scoring Angola's first ever goal in the World Cup. An Iranian equaliser finally ended Angola's brave World Cup campaign, leaving the West Africans third in Group D with a respectable two points and only two goals conceded, much credit going to Gonçalves strict management of his team - the only African coach at the tournament.

Paragraph 6: Daily Planet reporter Tim Crane interviews Lois Lane – who has married a man named Jordan Elliot – for a story about the last days of Superman, as she is the last person to have seen him before his disappearance ten years prior. Lois explains that a period of relative peace had ensued after four of Superman's most dangerous enemies were rendered inactive; Brainiac had been damaged beyond repair, Lex Luthor had gone missing, and the Parasite and Terra-Man killed each other. With no one left to fight against, Superman dedicated himself to conducting research in space. Upon returning from an expedition, Superman finds Metropolis destroyed at the hands of Bizarro, who until then was a well-meaning being endowed with a reversed reasoning that leads him to perform the opposite of his intentions. When Superman demands an explanation, Bizarro reveals his plan to become the "perfect imperfect duplicate": since Superman is a superhero who saves lives, Bizarro would become a villain who kills; since Superman's home planet of Krypton was accidentally destroyed and he came to Earth as a baby, Bizarro destroyed the Bizarro World himself and came to Earth as an adult; and since Superman is alive, Bizarro commits suicide with a piece of blue kryptonite.

Paragraph 7: Lawrence James Henry Tynes (born May 3, 1978) is a Scottish-born former American football placekicker. After playing soccer for Milton High School a coach suggested he try out for the football team as a kicker. He played college football at Troy and was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2001. He spent two seasons on the practice squad in Kansas City, then played in NFL Europe and in the Canadian Football League (CFL). He came back to Kansas City and played for the Chiefs for three seasons, and was then traded to the Giants in 2007. In his first season with the Giants, he kicked the game-winning field goal in overtime against the Green Bay Packers in the 2007–08 NFC Championship Game, which qualified the Giants for Super Bowl XLII. Four years later, he kicked another overtime field goal against the San Francisco 49ers in the 2011–12 NFC Championship Game, which qualified the Giants for Super Bowl XLVI. He experienced his best success in New York, winning two Super Bowl championships in 2007 and 2011, defeating the New England Patriots in both games.

Paragraph 8: Pendennis Castle (Cornish: Penn Dinas, meaning "headland fortification") is an artillery fort constructed by Henry VIII near Falmouth, Cornwall, England between 1540 and 1542. It formed part of the King's Device programme to protect against invasion from France and the Holy Roman Empire, and defended the Carrick Roads waterway at the mouth of the River Fal. The original, circular keep and gun platform was expanded at the end of the century to cope with the increasing Spanish threat, with a ring of extensive stone ramparts and bastions built around the older castle. Pendennis saw service during the English Civil War, when it was held by the Royalists, and was only taken by Parliament after a long siege in 1646. It survived the interregnum and Charles II renovated the fortress after his restoration to the throne in 1660.

Paragraph 9: A player may freely travel the entirety of Drakkhen's game world not long after beginning a new game, although this can be unwise in practice. Chance encounters with hostile monsters are regular, but in contrast to other RPGs, the player may be attacked while stationary. All battles are automated by default but allow the player to micromanage their four combatants. The player is given time to focus on the real-time tactics of each enemy encounter, such as activating defense magic, moving around, or switching weapons on the fly. The player's party may also be accosted at night when viewing constellations in the sky, or any time after bumping into a half-buried urn.

Paragraph 10: In 1980, Morris returned to his native state to be writer-in-residence at the University of Mississippi in Oxford, Mississippi where he encouraged a new generation of Mississippi writers including John Grisham, who acknowledged auditing Morris's writing classes, and Donna Tartt, who enrolled in the University of Mississippi in 1981, and whose writing caught the attention of Willie Morris when she was a freshman. Following the suggestion of Morris and others, she transferred to Bennington College in 1982. One of Morris' books, Good Old Boy: A Delta Boyhood was made into a TV movie for Public Television by Disney and PBS Wonderworks and later re-titled The River Pirates in 1988 not far from where Morris lived. It starred Richard Farnsworth, Maureen O'Sullivan, Dixie Wade, Ryan Francis, Caryn West and Richard E. Council. In 2000, My Dog Skip, another of Morris' books and an unofficial prequel to the earlier film, was made into a major motion picture starring Frankie Muniz, Diane Lane, Luke Wilson and Kevin Bacon. (Morris had previously written for Reader's Digest a profile of his dog 'Pete,' whom he had adopted while living in Bridgehampton, New York. When Morris left Bridgehampton, he took Pete, who had formerly belonged to the owner of a local service station and whom Willie referred to as 'the Mayor of Bridgehampton,' back to Mississippi with him. Later, after Pete's death, Morris requested and received permission from the Episcopal church for a burial of Pete within the same cemetery where Morris himself would later be buried.) Morris died of a heart attack just before the movie debuted, after seeing an advance screening of the film and praising it.

Paragraph 11: The B31 made its racing debut in 1975 at the 1000 km of Mugello, which was part of the World Championship for Makes; KVG Racing entered John Hine and Ian Grob in a B31, and Team Italiano Chevron also ran the new car, choosing Eris Tondelli and Mauro Nesti to drive it. Team Italiano Chevron, however, had the B31 fitted with a 1.3-litre Cosworth straight-four engine in place of the Hart 420R; thus, whilst the KVG Racing car was classified in the Sports 2000 category, the Team Italiano Chevron car was classified in the Sports 1300 category. Although the 1300cc car retired, KVG Racing won the Sports 2000 class, and finished fifth overall. The 1300cc car was then entered in the second round of the Campionato Italiano Group 5 Sport, held at Varano; "Bramen", its driver, was classified eighth in the Sports 1300 category. The car's next international event was the 800 km of Dijon, where KVG Racing were the only team to enter a B31; they took third overall, and the Sports 2000 class victory. At the 1000 km of Monza, Grob crashed his B31 in practice, leaving the car too damaged to compete in the race; instead, "Bramen" and Pasquale Anastasio were the only B31 drivers to compete in the race; they won the Sports 1300 class, and finished 13th overall. At the 1000 km of Spa, KVG Racing were once again the only entrants; this time, they finished third in the Sports 2000 class, and 14th overall. At the 1000 km of Pergusa, KVG Racing entered their car, whilst "Bramen" partnered Giancarlo Gagliardi in a 1.6-litre Cosworth FVA straight-four engined car that had been entered by Scuderia Citta dei Mille; although KVG Racing finished ninth overall and last (second in the Sports 2000 class), Scuderia Citta dei Mille won the Sports 1600 class (as they were the only entrant in that class to finish), and finished sixth overall. At the 1000 km of Nürburgring, both of the entered B31s featured Hart 420R engines; KVG Racing had entered one, as usual, but this time they were joined by Fisons Racing, who entered Martin Raymond and Tony Goodwin in their car. However, neither car had a successful race; the Fisons Racing car suffered an oil leak after 23 laps, and was forced to retire, whilst the KVG Racing car was classified eighth in the Sports 2000 class (26th overall), but suffered a throttle linkage failure after 30 laps, whilst leading its class. Four Hart 420R-engined B31s were entered in the European 2-Litre Championship (E2LC) opener, held at Brands Hatch; KVG Racing entered Hine and Grob in two separate cars, whilst Fisons Racing entered Raymond, and the fourth entrant did not show up. Although Raymond did not compete in the race, having blown his engine up, Hine won the first heat, and Grob finished fourth in that heat; in the second heat, Grob finished third, whilst Hine span, stalled, and was forced to retire. At the rain-shortened 1000 km of Zeltweg, Fisons Racing (now called Team Fisons) and KVG Racing both entered B31 Harts; the KVG Racing car blew its engine after nine laps, but the Team Fisons car finished 13th overall, and sixth in class. At the Hockenheim round of the E2LC, four B31 Harts were entered; KVG Racing entered Grob and Richard Lloyd, although the latter did not attend, whilst Team Fisons Racing entered Raymond, and Jörg Zaborowski entered as a privateer, but did not attend the race. Grob finished fourth in the first heat, whilst Raymond finished second; Grob's 21st in the second heat dropped him to 17th overall, but Raymond won the second heat, and won the event outright. This would prove to be the car's last major international event of the season, although Raymond did enter his B31 in the Interserie championship, as he had been doing throughout the season.

Paragraph 12: The two-stage NEPTUNE rocket uses high-performance liquid oxygen and densified propane propellants. The first stage is powered by four stationary throttleable ablatively-cooled liquid rocket engines, each generating 10,000-lbf of thrust.Throttling of the engines generates the pitch, yaw, and roll control moments required for steering. By using throttleable stationary engines instead of gimballed engines, the heavy and complex gimbals, gimbal actuators, and the gimbal actuator drive hardware are eliminated, substantially reducing the weight and complexity of the propulsion system. The second stage is powered by a single stationary ablatively-cooled liquid rocket engine generating 3,000-lbf of thrust. Cold-gas thrusters provide pitch, yaw, and roll control during the second-stage engine burn and on orbit. All of Interorbital's ablatively-cooled rocket engines are rapidly manufactured using a filament-winding process. These state-of-the-art composite engines are manufactured with the most advanced high-temperature resistant composite materials allowing the engines to be safely operated for up to forty minutes. They are more reliable and much lighter than the typical regenerative-cooled engines that use primitive nineteenth-century steam-engine technology for cooling and they simplify the engine plumbing and the multiple engine start process while on orbit.

Paragraph 13: Austria has a multi-party system. From 1945 to 1986, Austrian politics had a two-party system, where two main parties, the SPÖ on the center-left and the ÖVP on the center-right, generally dominated politics. However, a third party would sometimes also win seats in the National Council. From 1986 onward a multi-party system has evolved, with no one party having enough support to hold a majority of seats in parliament, and the resultant need for alliances and power-sharing in a series of coalition governments. The two most recent coalition governments --- ÖVP & SPÖ and ÖVP & FPÖ—both failed. Following the 2019 National Council elections, in which its former coalition partners suffered heavy losses, the victorious ÖVP is now negotiating with the Green Party to form a third variant of a two-party coalition government; one for which examples so far only exists at the state level.

Paragraph 14: The 321st MMC continued its logistical support to the Southwest Asia Theater and deployed Land forces under 3rd Army. A permanent Forward Detachment of the 321st MMC was domiciled at Camp Doha, Kuwait from 1992 to 2005. In October 2000, the 321st MMC was officially reorganized as a Theater Support Command MMC and multi-component unit of the U.S. Army. On 12 October 2001 detachments of the 321st TMMC were mobilized in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in response to the tragic 11 September 2001 attacks on the United States. These elements provided the necessary additional capability to the 321st for support of the Coalition Force Land Component Command (CFLCC) operations in Afghanistan and the Horn of Africa. Additional personnel were deployed to Baton Rouge, La., and Camp Doha, Kuwait during these operations. In August, September and October 2002 additional personnel were mobilized to continue and expand support for Operation Enduring Freedom, as the 321st TMMC operated as the single Corps Theater Automation Support Center (CTASC) in the CENTCOM AOR. On 2 January 2003 the remainder of the 321st TMMC was mobilized to Fort Polk, Louisiana. By 27 January 2003 the 321st had deployed 200 personnel to Kuwait to support Operation Iraqi Freedom. The 321st TMMC was given the mission as the Theater Support Command MMC and the Theater Army MMC during the buildup and execution of Operation Iraqi Freedom. This operation saw the Army provide support over the longest land lines of communication in Army History. The operation was successful resulting in the overthrow of the Iraqi government. The 321st TMMC began a phased demobilization on 15 July 2003 still maintaining a continual mission presence at Baton Rouge, Camp Doha and Camp Arifjan, Kuwait. On 26 January 2004, Third Army designated the 321st CTASC as the single CTASC for the entire Southwest Asia Theater, processing more transactions in one day that any other CTASC processes in a month. This CTASC mission expansion, as well as the expansion of operations in Arifjan in April 2004 in response to the current insurgency in Iraq, caused the MMC to once again mobilize additional soldiers comparable to its full scale mobilization in 2003. Today the MMC simultaneously administers to both a fully staffed Reserve Component organization and a split-based mission-support organization staffed predominantly through large numbers of dedicated soldiers cross-leveled from throughout the Army Reserve. In October 2003 the 321st began a unique affiliation with the 304th CMMC from Los Angeles, California, to provide a large number of soldiers still serving today. The 321st TMMC permanent mission continues to change with the evolution of today’s Army. The unit is transforming its Reserve Component element from that of a Materiel Management Center to that of a Sustainment Brigade Headquarters. It is the only unit in today’s Army endeavoring to accomplish that transformation while simultaneously performing a wartime mission.

Paragraph 15: As far as they drug policy is concerned, states under the rule of law, according to Bröckers 1990, have reached the level of the medieval inquisition. He compares drug control to Michel Foucault's fabrication of madness for the establishment of the Enlightenment.The increasing recourse to the methods of the Holy Inquisition in the current drug war, however, suggests that the suppression of drug users is as constitutive of the authority of industrialized states as the exclusion and confinement of the "insane" was of the rise to power of "reason."He described the free choice of stimulants and intoxicants as human rights, the duty of states was accordingly "to guarantee the supply and to teach people the responsible use of these means".  Bröckers called the state's measures against drug abuse counterproductive and, moreover, implausible in light of alcohol advertising, flat-rate drinking, and "coma drinking." The belief in the effectiveness of repressive drug policies was disproved (WHO 1971, UN study 1997, Paul Flynn's report to the Council of Europe 2002). The blame for drug deaths is not the drugs, but their prohibition. The "war on drugs" since the 1980s has been primarily about business; this war consumes budgets in the billions; the privatized U.S. prison industry makes more than one-third of its publicly traded revenues from drug criminals. World sales of illicit drugs represent the main source of revenue for organized crime and terrorism, he said. Prohibition is also desired in terms of foreign policy, since Pakistan, for example, would be ruined without the drug business. The solution would be a general ban on advertising for all drugs and the sale of heroin and cocaine in pharmacies. Bröckers attributes the demonization of the hemp plant to propaganda campaigns by Harry Anslinger in the United States, who declared the hemp plant a "killer weed" and, as head of the UN's drug agency, also brought cannabis into international disrepute.  In 2018, he joined the call of the Bund Deutscher Kriminalbeamter for the legalization of cannabis and a "complete decriminalization of cannabis users."The ban, according to BDK chairman André Schulz, was "historically arbitrary and to this day neither intelligent nor purposeful." Instead of criminal repression, which stigmatizes people and promotes criminal careers, there are better methods of drug policy that also ensure effective protection of children and young people.Bröckers sees hemp as an important medicinal plant and an incomparable raw material for the construction industry, energy production and the textile industry.

Paragraph 16: In 1969, Lightwater Valley began as a small self-pick fruit farm attraction. The farm was owned by the Staveley family, who had owned the land since 1516. In 1976, the farm was affected by drought, resulting in the excavation of a lake to help reduce the effects of future droughts. The lake's popularity instigated the transition of the farm into a tourist attraction. Early attractions included an adventure playground (later Fort William), canoes, rowing boats and a circus. Later on, Staveley introduced a petting zoo, BMX bikes, Go Karts, a pitch and putt golf course, a hell slide and a water chute ('Devil's Cascade', later re-themed to 'Toad Hole'). During this time, the park was advertised as a country park and self-pick fruit farm with a pay-one-price and ride-all-day system in place, with the exception of a small number of pay-to-play attractions. A range of different fairground rides were introduced into the entrance areas of the park and the Lightwater Shopping Village was established.

Paragraph 17: In the world of American silver, one book has remained the indispensable reference guide, the quintessential vade mecum for any serious collector. This is Ensko's American Silversmiths and Their Marks, first compiled in 1915 by Robert Ensko, revised and enlarged by his son Stephen in 1927, again reissued with corrections and additional names and marks as Ensko III in 1948, and now available in this elegantly printed and up-to-date fourth edition. ... Their New York firm, founded in 1878 and finally dissolved in 1970, was central to the study and appreciation of fine American silver, and, in the world of collectors, the Ensko name was synonymous with high quality and taste. ... 

Paragraph 18: After the death of Azes II, the rule of the Indo-Scythians in northwestern India and Pakistan finally crumbled with the conquest of the Kushans, one of the five tribes of the Yuezhi who had lived in Bactria for more than a century, and who were then expanding into India to create a Kushan Empire. Soon after, the Parthians invaded from the west. Their leader Gondophares temporarily displaced the Kushans and founded the Indo-Parthian Kingdom that was to last until the middle of the 1st century CE. The Kushans ultimately regained northwestern India circa 75 CE, where they were to prosper for several centuries.

Paragraph 19: The Passion of Rita Camilleri was Buhagiar's writing, directing and producing debut. The film has won several international prizes. The Karlovy Vary film Festival held a retrospective of Valerie's work as an actor and a filmmaker. Other filmmaking credits include: One Day I Stood Still, L’amour L’amour Shut the Door Por Favor and BoomBoom Baby Wants to Go. She has directed a Public Service Announcement for Centre of Opportunity, Respect and Empowerment (C.O.R.E), a biography on Colin Linden for the Toronto Arts Awards and two Bravo!FACT shorts entitled Pictures from Home and Omneya – Wish. Valerie also directed the Festival of Lights, a parade full of vignettes set on rooftops of Toronto's Kensington Market, as well as video images for Theatre Gargantua's production of Nod. Tell Us the Truth Josephine – a bitter immigrant story and Small, Stupid and Insignificant both won the best experimental film at the Female Eye Film Festival.  Buhagiar continues to work on both stage and screen. She has returned from the UK where she is developing a theatre piece with the support of the National Theatre Studio in London, England. In Vancouver, she performed the one-woman show 9 Parts of Desire. She has starred in the award-winning theatre production of Scorched at The Tarragon Theatre, National Arts Centre and the national touring company. She played in One Light /Neptune theatre's The Veil and won a Merritt Award nomination for best leading actress. Valerie has played the leading roles in the Feature Films A Winter Tale (Toronto) Sheltered Life (Vancouver), and Adriatico My Love (Croatia).   Buhagiar can be seen on the small screen as well with recent roles including a guest star spot on the CBC hit series The Border and in a recurring role on the international hit series Degrassi and most recently NBC's Beauty and the Beast. Valerie has developed a theatre piece titled Peter and Valerie with UK artist Peter Reder through the National Theatre Studios in London England. The piece was seen at the Magnetic North Theatre Festival in June 2013. She was also in Frankfurt to perform the one-woman show titled We are not Afraid of the Dark by Tine Van Aerschot. This piece was performed at the Theatre Center in Toronto in May 2014.

Paragraph 20: In econometrics, as in statistics in general, it is presupposed that the quantities being analyzed can be treated as random variables. An econometric model then is a set of joint probability distributions to which the true joint probability distribution of the variables under study is supposed to belong. In the case in which the elements of this set can be indexed by a finite number of real-valued parameters, the model is called a parametric model; otherwise it is a nonparametric or semiparametric model. A large part of econometrics is the study of methods for selecting models, estimating them, and carrying out inference on them.

Paragraph 21: Gingle's next film came in 2021, as the pandemic ravaged Taiwan's domestic film industry in 2020 and led to postponement in production or release. She appeared in a supporting role as Wang Ting in Plurality, directed by Aozaru Shiao. Later the same year, Chung Mong-Hong cast Gingle, alongside Alyssa Chia, in female lead roles as the mother-daughter duo in The Falls before he even met the pair, as he thought the impressionable looks of Gingle and Alyssa could help the audience connect to the characters. Her emotionally rich and contagious performance in The Falls captured the hearts and imagination of viewers and producers alike, as she was nominated for the Best leading actress at the 58th Golden Horse Awards, firmly establishing her as a future star in the film industry. The movie also turned out to be critically acclaimed as it was nominated for or won nearly a dozen separate awards at the 58th Golden Horse Awards, including winning the Best Feature Film. The film also garnered international attention at the Venice International Film Festival and the New Mexico Critics Awards, winning Best Foreign-Language Film in the latter. Gingle worked with renowned director Giddens Ko for the first time in the fantasy romance Till We Meet Again, in which she portrays Pinky, a dissatisfied high school girl turned trainee love god, alongside her divine partner Ah Lun, played by Kai Ko. The film was a resounding commercial success, raking in a quarter billion NT dollars at the domestic box office alone. Winning three of eleven nominations, Till We Meet Again also did well at the 58th Golden Horse Awards, though Gingle's major supporting role did not gain as much traction this time. During the promotion for the film, Gingle reassessed her talents in dancing, stating her interest in taking part in a musical in the future. On October 22, More Than Blue: The Series was released worldwide on Netflix. The ten-part series, one year in the making, featured Gingle as Cream, an orphaned high school girl, and follows her adventures with K, played by Fandy Fan, in an emotional rollercoaster ride. The three-part television series Light the Night saw Gingle make special appearances in part two (released December 30, 2021) and three (released March 18, 2022) of the work, playing a younger Rose, the female protagonist of the series. Gingle was widely praised for her role upon the series' release, notable names that publicly displayed their support and admiration included director Chu Yu-ning, the executive producer of The Falls, among others.

Paragraph 22: Mr. Burns reserves the Springfield Air and Space Museum for a plant company party. While there, Burns acts strangely kind to all of his employees. At the end of the party, Burns announces that he will terminate the prescription drug plan. The workers chase after him, but Burns is able to escape in a wacky flying machine, based on the Pitts Sky Car. At home, the Simpsons try to figure out how they can afford new prescription drugs. Homer decides to get another job, but he can not have his choice of starring on Friends as Rachel's Irish cousin, and is unable to get a new job. Other companies follow Burns's lead and all prescription drug plans are canceled. Marge and Lisa go to the pharmaceutical company to voice their concerns but are ignored.

Paragraph 23: The division of 1956 was much different from the wartime pattern. There were tight military budgets for conventional forces in the Nuclear Age since the predominant belief was that battlefield nuclear weapons would be used early and often. This in turn made riflemen obsolete. This, combined with the fact the new 101st would be built from scratch, made the division a test of what was called a Pentomic, for "pentagonal atomic" division. The division was made up of five "battle groups", each one consisting of five companies (1 headquarters company, four rifle companies) plus a heavy mortar section. There was even a nuclear-armed rocket battery in Division Artillery. But there was only room for one "battle group" of each of the 101st's old regiments (327th, 501st, 502nd, and 506th, with the 187th coming in from the 11th). The lineage of the 502d was revived with the activation on 25 April 1957 of HHC, 1st Airborne Battle Group, 502d Infantry (bearing a lineage going back to Company A of the original 502nd PIB) as a unit within the 101st. As the rest of the Army converted to the Pentomic structure, the 2d Airborne Battle Group, 502nd Infantry was activated on 1 March 1957 in West Germany by reflagging existing elements of the 11th Airborne Division. Perpetuating the lineage of Company B, 502d PIB and thus the World War II 2d Battalion, it was inactivated on 1 July 1958 when the 11th itself was inactivated. Its personnel and equipment were reflagged to other unit designations under the 24th Infantry Division, which retained a partial Airborne capability with two battle groups (1-187th and 1-503d) before they rotated back to the United States to become part of the 82d Airborne Division. Their departure from the 24th was concurrent with the arrival of two non-airborne battle groups arriving from the United States.

Paragraph 24: El Salvador is a hammock cultured country, and a large producer and exporter of hammocks. The valley in which San Salvador City sits upon is dubbed "The Valley of the Hammocks" because the Native Americans, used hammocks to repel constant earthquakes. Later, the colonizing Spaniards used the term as an allusion of earthquakes constantly rocking the valley where San Salvador City is, like a hammock. Hammocks are a big part of Salvadoran culture and are often used for afternoon naps. Hammocks swing from doorways, inside living rooms, on porches, in outdoor courtyards, and from trees. Just about everywhere a hammock can be seen hung in all social classes of Salvadoran homes. It is completely socially acceptable to lay around in a hammock all day in this Central American country, that hammocks can be seen from the most humble rural home, to the most prestigious city hotel chains, where there are the colorful and comfortable hammocks. To honor such a pleasure craft, the municipality of "Concepcion Quezaltepeque" celebrates its traditional Hammocks Festival, where artisans produce and sell hammocks as a tradition that begun in 1989 and has been celebrated every year since then, between the first and second weekend of November, it is “The Festival of the Hammocks”. Hammocks are sold in every corner in towns and cities.

Paragraph 25: Empire of Japan had built up a very strong force on Palau and Truk. Japan had built two runways in an X pattern on the southern part of the island, now the Peleliu Airfield. The runways were about 3,900 feet long. Peleliu island is 5 1/2 half miles long and 2 1/2 miles wide. The coast is mostly rocky and has about 2 miles of sandy beaches. On October 12, 1944, Peleliu becomes the Marine island command center.  October 20, 1944, the 1st Marine Division on Peleliu was relieved by the United States Army 81st Infantry Division. Three US Navy Seabee groups were part of the US Marine's landing on Peleliu on September 15, 1944. The 33rd Seabee Battalions and 73rd Seabee Battalions, with Construction Battaltion Detachment 1054 helped get supplies on the beaches. The nature of the reefs around the island made getting supplies ashore difficult. Seabees used 24 self-propelled pontoon barges to shuttle cargo ashore. Three days after the landing Seabees built a pontoon floating pier to get out past the reef. On the four days after landing LST ships started to unload large cargo on the beach. With the airfield secured, Seabees removed debris and mines. On the fifth day after landing Seabees brought the Seabees' construction equipment to the airfield and started repair work. The eighth day after landing, September 23, the 4,000-foot airfield was opened and three squadrons of fighter planes landed and provided ground support for the troops still fighting. VMO-1 a Marine Observation Squadron also started operation from the Airfield. Seabees 33rd Battalion started construction of a runway that long-range bombers could use, 6,000 feet long, on September 23. On September 23, the bomber runway was opened and in used 24/7. During this time Seabees also built vast support facilities. At Blue Beach, a pontoon causeway was built for unloading and loading landing craft tank (LCT), completed on November 1, 1944. On November 16, 1944, Marine Vought F4U Corsair from Peleliu and Grumman TBF Avenger from Ulithi launch an attack on Empire of Japan troops on Yap Island. Because the captured Peleliu dock was small and not yet a deep enough, amphibious operations continued. LST-19 and LST-225 were some of the amphibious ships used to shuttle cargo ashore. Between November 4 and 9, 1944 a typhoon hit Peleliu. Some ships and some facilities were damaged but was quickly repaired. November 27, 1944 VMF-541, a night fighter squadron with Grumman F6F Hellcat of the United States Marine Corps. move to Leyte, they had been on Peleliu for four months. Peleliu Naval Base lacked a large protected fleet anchorage, thus Naval Base Ulithi became the US Navy's primary fleet support base in the western Pacific. The Army air base was abandoned in June 1945. Seabees dismantled and boxed up usable structures and goods, shipping them out starting July 11, 1945. The last Marines departed Peleliu Naval Base on July 1, 1947. Naval Base Peleliu did not have a port for fleet anchorage, the US Navy used Naval Base Kossol Roads at the north tip of Palau.

Paragraph 26: In accordance with Title 1, Chapter 2 §106a of the United States Code, the Archivist of the United States also receives the original version of all statutes of the United States, once enacted. Joint Resolutions and Acts of Congress signed into law by the president are delivered by the office of the president to the National Archives. The same happens if a bill becomes law because the president fails to approve or veto it within the constitutionally mandated period of time (ten days, excluding Sundays, and only counted when Congress is in session). If the president vetoes a bill but the presidential veto is overridden, the new law is transmitted to the National Archives not by the office of the president, but by Congress: in this case, the presiding officer of the last House to consider the bill certifies that the presidential objection was overridden, and sends the new law to the Archivist of the United States. In all cases, the office of the Archivist (the National Archives) maintains custody of the original document and (by means of the Office of the Federal Register, a division of the National Archives), assigns the new Act of Congress a public law number, provides for its publication as a slip law and for the inclusion of the new statute in the United States Statutes at Large. The actual printing and circulation of the slip law and of the volumes of the United States Statutes at Large is the responsibility of the Government Publishing Office, headed by the Director of the Government Publishing Office.

Paragraph 27: At SummerSlam, Brock Lesnar defeated John Cena to win the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Cena would receive his rematch the following month at Night of Champions which he would win by disqualification after Seth Rollins interfered and attempted to cash-in his Money in the Bank contract. At the next event, Hell in a Cell, Cena defeated Authority member Randy Orton in a Hell in a Cell match to earn a future title shot at Lesnar. The Authority was then removed from power after losing the 5-on-5 Survivor Series elimination match at Survivor Series with Cena being the only one who could bring them back if he chose to. At TLC: Tables, Ladders and Chairs, Cena faced Rollins in a Tables match which he won to retain his #1 contender status. Later in the event, it was announced that Cena would face Lesnar for the title at the Royal Rumble. On the final Raw of 2014, Rollins attacked special guest host Edge and threatened to perform a Curb Stomp on him if Cena did not reinstate The Authority. Cena came down to save Edge but reluctantly brought The Authority back after Rollins held Edge hostage. On the January 5, 2015 episode of Raw, Rollins was added to the Lesnar-Cena title match by Triple H as a reward for bringing back The Authority, turning the singles match into a Triple Threat. That same episode, the members of Team Cena from Survivor Series (Dolph Ziggler, Ryback and Erick Rowan) were fired by The Authority for helping Cena to remove them from power. The following week, Lesnar returned for the contract signing with Cena and Rollins. A brawl broke out between all three men and ended when Rollins performed a Curb Stomp each on Cena and Lesnar. On the final Raw before the Royal Rumble, Triple H forced Cena to compete in a 3-on-1 Handicap match against Rollins, Big Show and Kane  to not only secure his spot in the Triple Threat match, but also win Ziggler, Ryback and Rowan their jobs back. During the match, Sting, who previously assisted Team Cena at Survivor Series, caused a distraction which allowed Cena to roll-up Rollins for the win to keep his spot in the match and reinstate Ziggler, Ryback and Rowan. Lesnar then came down to the ring and attacked Rollins before executing an  F-5 each on Kane and Big Show. Rollins then retreated to avoid further punishment.

Paragraph 28: In the early 1950s, Priester was a member of Sun Ra's big band, recording several albums with the group, before leaving Chicago in 1956 to tour with Lionel Hampton, and he then joined Dinah Washington in 1958. The following year he settled in New York and joined the group led by drummer Max Roach, who heard him playing on the Philly Joe Jones album, "Blues for Dracula" (1958). While playing in Roach's group, Priester also recorded two albums as a leader, Keep Swingin' and Spiritsville, both of which were recorded and released by Riverside (the latter by their Jazzland subsidiary) in 1960.

Paragraph 29: During the crucial Battle of Takur Ghar part of Operation Anaconda a small team of DEVGRU assigned to an AFO task force was tasked with establishing observation positions (OPs) on the high ground above the proposed landing zones of U.S. conventional forces. It was one of the most violent battles of Operation Anaconda. In the early hours of March 4, 2002 a MH-47E Chinook helicopter piloted by the U.S. Army's 160th SOAR "Nightstalkers" was carrying Mako 21 and Mako 30 teams mostly made up of SEALs from DEVGRU. The original plan was that MAKO 21 would to link up with AFO team Juliet at the northern end of the valley, resupply it and then establish a hide site/observation post on the eastern ridge above Task Force Rakkasan's blocking position; whilst  MAKO 30 planned to establish an observation point on the peak of Takur Ghar, which commanded a view of the Shahi-Kot valley. Mako 30 would be inserted at a point  east of the peak, but circumstances led the SEALs to choose the summit of Takur Ghar itself as the insertion point. As the helicopter was nearing its landing zone both the pilots and the men in the back observed fresh tracks in the snow, goatskins, and other signs of recent human activity. As the pilots and team discussed a mission abort, an RPG struck the side of the aircraft, wounding one crewman as machine-gun bullets ripped through the fuselage, cutting hydraulic and oil lines. Fluid spewed about the ramp area of the helicopter. As the pilot struggled to get the helicopter away Neil C. Roberts, a DEVGRU SEAL in the ramp area of the aircraft, was hit and slipped on the oil as the helicopter took off. He fell approximately  to the snowy ground below. Roberts immediately engaged enemy forces with his weapons including an Mk.46 Mod 0 Light Machine Gun, SIG Sauer P226 Mk.25 Mod 0 9 mm semi-automatic pistol and grenades. He survived at least 30 minutes before he was shot and killed at close range. Mako 30 was inserted in an attempt to recover Roberts, the ran into a bunker housing 3 al-Qaeda fighters and killed them, they were engaged in a 20-minute firefight and suffered several wounded, forcing them to break contact and call for a QRF. USAF Technical Sergeant John Chapman, a Combat Controller with the 24th Special Tactics Squadron, was mistakenly left behind by the SEALs.  Chapman fought alone, killing enemy fighters with scrounged weapons and in hand-to-hand combat.  He was finally killed while providing covering fire to distract Taliban fighters from an approaching rescue helicopter. For his actions, Chapman earned the Medal of Honor. After the mountaintop of Takur Ghar was cleared of all enemy forces and secured by United States Army Rangers after the battle of Takur Ghar lasted 17 hours. All American casualties including Neil C. Roberts and John Chapman were recovered. Mako 30 SEALs from DEVGRU along with all the other American units such as the Army Rangers extracted from Takur Ghar by Chinooks.

Paragraph 30: The temples shows influences from Bengal architecture which at that time had absorbed British influences in colonial India. The temples also seem to be influenced by the Deulas of Orissa, later assimilated into Bengali architecture. The temple dome shows Buddhist influences in its profile, as originally North Indian Hindu temples had a Shikhara shaped like a mountain peak to signify the divine Meru. Domes like this one were also used on Buddhist Stupa prevalent in India since the time of emperor Ashoka, or around the third century BCE. However they were inaccessible mounds and it is with the arrival of Persian architecture through the Khalji dynasty that true free standing domes at major scales developed in India. They were later further developed by the Mughals. As such, the dome of the temple has Persian influences as at the time it was built the architecture had already been well syncretised and had become common in Indian architecture. The main temple, the Vishnu temple, the Devi temple and the Nataraja temple all have domes. As well, domes are a common feature in the old Hindu temples of Mauritius. The main temple is a variation of the panchayatna temple whereby a central shrine is dedicated to the main deity with 4 subsidiary deities in each corner. The early panchayatna temples had 5 separate entities with the central shrine being most prominent. Here the style happens on a single building, the principal deity is towered by the main dome and an ornate amalaka stylised with floral designs topped with the kalash and trishul. The four subsidiary spires rise from the four corners and have images of deities like Brahma and Kartikeya. This style of temple is also known as the Pancharatna style temple in West Bengal whereby the style is named by the number of pinnacles or ratnas the temples have. If it has one ratna, it's called Ekratna and it can go up till nine in which case it's called Navratna as the Dakshineshwar Kali temple is known. The veranda attached to the main temple resembles the thakur-dalan, which is common in the old houses of Calcutta, probably an influence from the British as it's a common feature in the zamindar mansions. The thakur-dalan is a veranda where the deity of Durga is invoked during the Durga Puja in West Bengal, Orissa and parts of Bihar. This also seems to be the case for the Vishnu temple on the right. The main temple is decorated with images of various Hindu deities and floral designs. Since its construction, the temple is always painted white while the sculptures and the floral designs are colorful, in contrast to the white background. The central part of the main temple is dedicated to lord Shiva in the form of the shiv ling and the four corners his wife, goddess Parvati, their sons; lord Ganesha and lord Kartikeya and another form of Shiva; lord Bhairava. Facing the shiv ling is Nandi, the gate-keeper.