Paragraph 1: Ab Anar | Ab Anbar | Ab Chekan | Ab Duzak-e Pain | Ab Gushtukan | Ab Namard | Ab Shirin | Abadan | Abadan | Abadi Kharut | Abady Emam Zeman | Abak Ziri Haj Shir Mohammad | Aband | Abayegan | Abbas Abdollah | Abbas Bazar | Abbas Rostam | Abbas Shah Gol | Abbasabad | Abbasabad | Abbasabad | Abbasabad | Abbasabad | Abbasabad-e Senjadi | Abbasabad-e Sheykh Visi | Abbasiyeh | Abchegi | Abd ol Aziz | Abd ol Azizabad | Abd ol Ghafur | Abdol Ghani Brick Works | Abdol Rahman Safarzayi | Abdol Rahman Sarani | Abdolabad | Abdollah Bazar | Abdollahabad | Abdollahabad | Abdu Zehi | Abeshki | Abgah | Abgurandan | Abil | Abil Pol Randeh | Abkas | Abrin | Abtar | Abzan | Achkidar | Achu Bazar | Adamabad-e Baluchi Now | Adelabad | Adernag | Adimi | Adireh | Afghan | Afsalabad | Afshan | Afzalabad | Afzalabad | Afzalabad | Afzalabad | Afzalabad | Afzalabad | Afzalabad | Afzalabad-e Pain | Agosk | Agrestan | Agrichan | Agund | Ahmadabad ol Masaki | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad | Ahmadabad-e Bogan | Ahmadabad-e Durban | Ahmadabad-e Gurak | Ahmadabad-e Vashnam | Ahu Ab | Ahugan | Akbarabad | Akbarabad | Akbarabad | Akbarabad | Akbarabad | Akbarabad | Akbarabad | Akhundzadeh | Akramabad | Akshi | Al Gari | Al Gorg | Al Gorg | Alamabad | Alamabad | Alanjan-e Do | Alari | Ali Akbar Khamr | Ali Bakshabad | Ali Dar | Ali Hoseyna | Ali Jafar-e Sofla | Ali Khan | Ali Khan-e Kachkul | Ali Khan-e Zaman | Ali Modad | Ali Mohammad Bazar | Ali Mohammad-e Pir Morad | Ali Moradan | Ali Morady | Ali Piri | Ali Reza | Ali Tigh | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad | Aliabad-e Bala | Aliabad-e Bogan | Aliabad-e Chagardak | Aliabad-e Chah Chamran | Aliabad-e Chah Zar | Aliabad-e Garnechin | Aliabad-e Goldasht | Aliabad-e Kargah | Aliabad-e Ladi | Aliabad-e Pain | Aliabad-e Pudchah | Alijan-e Darvish | Ali-ye Sufi | Aliyeh Dorudy | Allah Dad | Allah Dad-e Zehi | Allah Dow | Allah Now Bazar | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad | Allahabad-e Baku | Allahabad-e Bala | Allahabad-e Dumak | Allahabad-e Luchu | Allahabad-e Minuyi | Allahabad-e Rowghani | Allahabad-e Sulkuk | Allahadadabad | Allahi | Allahiabad | Amanabad | Amidiyeh-ye Chah Zar | Aminabad | Amir Nezam | Amir | Amirabad | Amirabad | Amirabad | Amirabad | Amirabad | Amrabad | Amrudi | Anar Shahi | Anaran | Anaran | Anaran | Anari Dap | Anari | Anari | Anarmantak | Anaruk | Andeh | Angiar | Angurabad | Anguri | Angury | Anjerah | Anjerak-e Pain | Anjir Mehi | Anjirak | Anjirak | Anjirak | Anjirak | Anjirak-e Bala | Anjirak-e Pain | Anjirak-e Shahrak Shurchah | Anjiraki | Anjiruk | Anushirvan | Anvarabad | Anza | Apak Chushan | Apareng | Apatan | Apatan | Apudam | Arab Zehi | Arag Khan Malek | Aram Gan | Arbabi | Arbabi | Archini | Arefabad | Arefabad | Army Garrison | Aru Sajahi | Arzantak | Arzaq | Arzuni | As Hajji | Asak | Asak | Asan Kuh | Asanu | Asda | As-e Qazi | Asghar Jama | Ashar | Asheqan | Askan | Askuh | Aspi Tir | Aspich | Ata Mohammad | Avaran | Ay Beyk | Aydow Bazar | Azad Gaz | Azad | Azadabad | Azadi | Azadi-ye Olya | Azadi-ye Vosta | Azadkur | Azarabad | Azati-ye Sofla | Azgandi | Azimabad | Azimabad | Azizabad | Azizabad | Azizabad | Azizabad | Azizabad | Azizabad | Azizabad | Azizabad | Azizabad | Azizabad | Azizabad-e Golestan | Aziz-e Bamadi | Azmanabad

Paragraph 2: A determined high school girl who was inspired by Arata in elementary school to play karuta and to dream of becoming the "Queen" of karuta. She begins a karuta club at her high school with Taichi. She is first introduced to competitive karuta by her childhood friend, Arata. Karuta has remained as Chihaya's passion despite being separated from Arata. She has an exceptional hearing ability that gives her an advantage in playing karuta. While she is beautiful, she is considered too weird, her classmates referring to her as a "beauty in vain". She is crazy about karuta (her friends calls her "karuta baka"), to the point that she can be oblivious to other people's feelings. Chihaya is the captain of Mizusawa Karuta Club. She works very hard at improving her karuta skills, and reaches Class A near the beginning of the series. She is a strong, passionate person who loves karuta and is dedicated to her teammates and friends. Chihaya shares a strong bond of trust and friendship with Taichi and appreciates his skill in leading the club, though oblivious towards his feelings for her. Eventually both Arata and Taichi confess that they have feelings for her and though she admitted to herself rather ardently that she will “always love Karuta and Arata” she does yet know how she feels for Taichi. However, she rejects Taichi’s confession saying “gomen” (sorry) and he decides to quit the Karuta club. This leaves a massive hole in both their dynamics as team (they are missing a president) and in Chihaya’s heart. She feels immense guilt for unintentionally hurting him which forces her to almost quit Kaurta. However she powers through without him leading to the high-school tournament. There she finally plays the match with Arata and she wins against him. Thereby her initial goal of being someone worthy to “sit in front of Arata” before she can be with him is no longer an obstacle. Sometime before the Meijin and Queen matches, Chihaya finally responds to Arata’s confession. She tells him that she is currently focusing on being queen. He is understanding and tells her he will “try again” once he reaches Tokyo. However, during the Queen match Chihaya has some very powerful revelations about her feelings towards Taichi (who is currently avoiding watching Chihaya and Arata play). However, though it was subtly building up, like Chihaya hallucinating Taichi at omi shrine, it is not until the “Su” card is read that Chihauya finally verbalizes that Taichi has “always been there” - the person who was working hard beside her. Chihaya finally wins the title of Queen alongside Arata. However, she does not confess to either of them at that moment. It is not until arrives spring that Chihaya returns to the clubroom and confesses her feelings towards Taichi- in a simple but poignant way. In chapter 247, the final chapter of Chihayafuru, Chihaya and Taichi have started dating.

Paragraph 3: In 2006–2007, the school began hosting its Air Force JROTC program. It is a federal program authorized under United States Code, Title 10, Sections 2031-2033, and the ROTC Revitalization Act of 1964 and mandates that all participating cadets be volunteers.  There is no military service obligation associated with participation, but cadets who participate for at least three years, and are subsequently recommended by the Senior Air Science Instructor, may earn accelerated promotions in the active duty military.  These programs vary depending on the branch of service and experience level of the cadet.  Battlefield's AFJROTC program is supervised by Colonel (Ret) Dan Vasenko and Senior Master Sergeant (Ret) Dave Shuler. The program is renowned, and according to faculty, students, and parents alike, their accolades are well-deserved. Day to day operations are led by a cadet staff composed of seniors, with a senior 4th-year AFJROTC cadet leading each class under the supervision of the faculty instructor.  The curriculum is set by the Air Force and includes a 40% breakout of Air Science classes, 40% in leadership and character development, and 20% personal wellness (fitness and nutrition).  All extracurricular activities are led by cadets, including drill team, rocketry club, Academic Bowl, and the Raider team (a form of field skills and physical fitness competition).  Additionally, the cadets field their own CyberPatriot team to compete in the yearly competitions sponsored by the Air Force Association.  By Headquarters AFJROTC directives, the cadet corps must number no less than 100 cadets based on Battlefield's total number of students, and no more than 180 cadets, based on PWCS authorized instructor staffing.  Since the 2010-2011 school year, cadet enrollment has stabilized at roughly 150 cadets each year.  Battlefield's program earned the AFJROTC Distinguished Unit Award (with Merit) in 2011, the Distinguished Unit Award in 2012, and after a brief hiatus of unit accolades, received the Outstanding Organization Award in 2017.  For the 2016-2017 school year, they performed over 1,400 hours of community service in and around Haymarket and participated in 43 color guards for local organizations.

Paragraph 4: Langenlonsheim had a Jewish community until sometime between 1938 and 1942. It arose sometime in the 17th or 18th century. The earliest mention of a Jewish family in the village – named Benedict – comes from 1685. In 1695 a Wendel Judt was named. In 1722, two Jewish families were named (Jud Benedict and Mayer), while in 1743 it was four (Hayum Benedict, Götz Benedict, Juda Kahn and Meyer). In 1790, the following Jewish household heads were named: Hayum Benedict (widow), Joseph Benedict, Nadan Benedict Maier, Gottschlag Jude, Benedict Joseph, Sükkind Juda, David Götz and Benedict Nadan. In the 19th century, the number of Jewish inhabitants developed as follows: in 1808 there were 45; in 1843, there were 42 (of all together 1,236 inhabitants); in 1858, 73; in 1895, 70. In 1808, the following Jewish families were listed (the names given in brackets were those borne after Napoleonic French rule ended): Israel Brill, Benoît (Benedict) Goetz, Gottschalk Kahn, Widow (?) Rebekka Kuhn, Widow (of Joseph Kaufmann) Schoene Kaufmann née Kuhn, Benoît (Benedict) Natt, Mayer Natt, Jacques (Jakob) Scheier (Scheuer), Moses Schweiss (Schweig), Widow Judith Stern, Seeligmann Stern. In the way of institutions, there were a synagogue (see Synagogue below), a Jewish school (a schoolroom at the synagogue), a mikveh and a graveyard (see Jewish graveyard below). To provide for the community's religious needs, a schoolteacher was hired, who also busied himself as the hazzan and the shochet (preserved is a whole series of job advertisements for such a position in Langenlonsheim from such publications as Der Israelit). Among the religion teachers were, about 1855 David Cahn from Mertloch, in 1857 Heinrich Hirschfeld from Dessau, in 1861 Julius Kappel (or Koppel) and in 1893 Michael Boreich. The Jewish household heads were active in various occupations, foremost in trading. There were several businesses and shops in Langenlonsheim belonging to Jewish families (businesses with domestic products and fertilizer, several wine dealer's shops, men's and women's clothing and bedding shops as well as livestock and grain dealerships). There were also Jewish bakers and butchers. The Jewish inhabitants were fully integrated into village life and played a lively part in public life and in the village's clubs, even as club founders and chairmen: Heinrich Natt and Siegmund Hirschberger were founding members in 1887 of the Verein für Leibesübungen 1887 Langenlonsheim e.V. (a club for physical exercise), while Siegmund Heymann, Siegmund Hirschberger, Carl Mayer and Emil Natt were, among other such endeavours, founding members in 1902 of the Langenlonsheim volunteer fire brigade. Two members of Langenlonsheim's Jewish community fell in the First World War, Unteroffizier Sally Natt (b. 7 July 1889 in Langenlonsheim, d. 26 September 1914) and Gefreiter Arthur Metzger (b. 6 November 1883 in Langenlonsheim, d. May 1915). Both names appear on the monument to the fallen in the First World War that stands before the general graveyard. All together, fourteen Jewish men were in wartime service; several came back highly decorated. About 1924, when there were still some 50 persons in the Jewish community (2.5% of the total population of some 2,000 inhabitants), the community leaders were Ludwig Mayer and Fritz Natt. Then living in each of Bretzenheim and Laubenheim were seven Jews. In 1932, the community leader was Carl Mayer. Tending the community's religious needs was Rabbi Dr. Jacob (Bad Kreuznach). About 1930, the following families were living in Langenlonsheim: Karl Mayer (wine dealer, Bingerstraße 2), Rudolf Mayer (men's and women's clothing, bedding and manufactured goods, Bingerstraße 11), Ludwig Mayer (livestock dealer, Hauptstraße 52), Fritz Natt (wine dealer, Hollergasse 28/corner of Weidenstraße), Moritz Weiss (butcher and livestock and wine dealer, Hauptstraße 24), Siegmund Heymann (domestic products, Hauptstraße 39), Carl Nachmann (wine and grain dealer, Hauptstraße 35), August Weiss (livestock dealer, Schulstraße 12), Gustav Kahn (plumber, Hollergasse 20) and the Family Blank (religion teacher, Kreuznacher Straße).

Paragraph 5: Division into ajzāʼ has no relevance to the meaning of the Qurʼān and anyone can start reading. from anywhere in the Qurʼān. During medieval times, when it was too costly for most Muslims to purchase a manuscript, copies of the Qurʼān were kept in mosques and made accessible to people; these copies frequently took the form of a series of thirty parts (juzʼ). Some use these divisions to facilitate recitation of the Qurʼān in a month—such as during the Islamic month of Ramadan, when the entire Qurʼān is recited in the Tarawih prayers, typically at the rate of one juzʼ a night.

Paragraph 6: Liverpool began their Premier League campaign on 12 August with a trip to Vicarage Road to take on Watford. Watford opened the scoring in the eighth minute with a Stefano Okaka header off a corner kick, however Mane levelled in the 29th minute, only for Abdoulaye Doucouré to give Watford a 2–1 in the 32nd where it stood at the half. In the second half, Liverpool took the lead after goals from Firmino from the spot and Salah in the 55th and 57th minutes, respectively. However, in the 93rd Miguel Britos once again levelled the game with a controversial equalizer off another corner kick to set the score at 3–3 where the game finished. Following the match, manager Klopp expressed disappointment in the equalizer counting making the claim that Britos was offside when scoring. Liverpool had no time to despair over lost points as they set off to Germany to square off with Hoffenheim in the first leg of their Champions League qualifier on 15 August. The match was Liverpool's first Champions League match since December 2014. In the tenth minute, Simon Mignolet made a penalty save to keep the game level at 0–0 where it stood until Trent Alexander-Arnold's 35th minute free kick goal, the first in a Liverpool shirt for him. A James Milner attempted cross deflected off Håvard Nordtveit and that went down as an own goal to make it 0–2 in the 74th. Hoffenheim responded with a Mark Uth 87th-minute goal but, despite the nervy finish, Liverpool saw off the final minutes of the 1–2 victory in the away leg. Liverpool returned home for the first time in the season where on 19 August they played Crystal Palace. The Reds were victorious defeating Palace 1–0 thanks to a Mane goal in the 73rd. This marked the first victory at home against Palace for Liverpool since 2013. On 23 August, Liverpool played the home leg of their Champions League qualifier against Hoffenheim. Liverpool got off to a fantastic early start with a 3–0 scoreline after 21 minutes thanks to two goals from Emre Can and one from Salah. Uth pulled one back in the 28th to make it 3–1, however, Firmino tacked one more on in the 63rd making it 4–1. Sandro Wagner made it 4–2 in the 79th, but it was only a consolation goal as Liverpool won 4–2 (6–3 on aggregate) and advanced on to the Champions League group stage. Liverpool's final game of the month, and before the international break, was at home against Arsenal on 27 August. In what was called a "dazzling attacking display", Liverpool won 4–0 thanks to goals before the half from Firmino and Mane in the 17th and 40th minutes, respectively, and goals after the half from Salah in the 57th minute and Sturridge in the 77th minute. On 29 August Liverpool made a transfer move for the 2018–19 season as the club announced Naby Keïta from RB Leipzig would join the club effective 1 July 2018.

Paragraph 7: Second mortgages can be structured as either a standalone deal or a piggyback loan. Standalone second mortgages are opened subsequent to the primary mortgage loan to access home equity without disrupting the existing arrangement. Typically, the home buyer purchases a primary mortgage for the full amount and pays the required 20 percent down payment. During the loan term, monthly mortgage repayments and appreciating real estate prices increase the property's equity. In such instances, standalone second mortgages are able to use the property's equity as collateral to access additional funds. This financing option also offers competitive interest rates relative to unsecured personal loans which reduce monthly repayments. With reference to unsecured personal loans, lenders are exposed to a greater level of risk as collateral is not required to secure or guarantee the amounts owed. If the borrower were to default on their repayments, the lender is not able to sell assets to cover the outstanding debt. Accordingly, second mortgages not only ensure access to greater amounts but also lower interest rates comparative to unsecured loans. With increased cash flow, second mortgages are used to finance a variety of expenditures at the discretion of the borrow including home renovations, college tuition, medical expenses and debt consolidation.

Paragraph 8: While as an undergraduate at the University of Dayton, Thomas worked with the college's basketball team for three years. He helped the coaching staff with player workouts and had roles such running video exchange, maintaining the video library, and writing opponent scouting reports. In 2003, Thomas joined the University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown, where he assumed the position of head assistant coach. While at the school, he was also the recruiting and academic coordinator. He had the additional responsibility of scouting the team's opponents. In August 2015, Thomas became a part of the coaching staff for the RedHawks of Miami University. He assumed the role as administrative assistant and helped the team by overseeing film exchange, film edits, study tables, and travel arrangements. While Thomas was at Miami, the team won the Mid-American Conference tournament and appeared in the 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. Following his tenure with Miami, Thomas spent time with the Golden State Warriors, Chicago Bulls, and Utah Jazz, as an NBA Advance Scout. He worked with the Slovenia national basketball team for two summers as an assistant coach where he worked with NBA Players Goran Dragic, Zoran Dragic, and Boki Nachbar. In September 2015, Thomas joined the Orangeville A's of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL) as a head coach. In the summer of 2016, Thomas took over the Head Coaching position of the Luoyan Golden Stars in the NBL of China where he coached former NBA Champion Josh Powell and led them to the NBL Playoffs.  In September 2016, Thomas joined the Westports Malaysia Dragons of the ASEAN Basketball League as their new head coach. After resigning from the Westports Malaysia Dragons, Thomas then became the Head Coach of KK Zlatorog Lasko where he led the team to the best regular season turnaround in wins the Slovenian League for the 18-19 season.  During that season, Thomas oversaw Nejc Baric obtain 1st Team All-Slovenian League honors and had Matur Maker, Cleveland "Pancake" Thomas, and Emani Gant win Player of the Week at various points of the season as well.  Thomas was named the Head Coach of Bambitious Nara in the B League of Japan for the 2019-20 season where he led the team to the longest winning streak in the history of the franchise.  Thomas is currently the Head Coach of the Guaynabo Mets in Puerto Rico.  During the re-start of the BSN season, Thomas led the Mets to a Semifinals appearance in the playoffs and came within one game of advancing to the finals.

Paragraph 9: Bogut was born in Melbourne in 1984. His parents, Michael and Anne, immigrated to Australia from Croatia in the 1970s, with his father from Osijek and his mother from Karlovac. Bogut grew up playing Australian rules football and tennis in addition to basketball. As a child, he patterned his basketball game after Toni Kukoč, a Croatian NBA player who spent the majority of the 1990s playing for the Chicago Bulls. As a 15-year-old, he was cut from the Victoria junior state representative team. In response to this setback, Bogut began to improve his game with the help of Siniša Marković, a professional basketball player from Yugoslavia. Bogut's emergence began after he earned a roster spot with the Australian Institute of Sport (AIS) in 2002. He competed in the South East Australian Basketball League (SEABL) in 2002 and 2003, helping the AIS win the East Conference title in his first season. He later joined the U-19 Australian junior national team, and was named the most valuable player of the 2003 FIBA Under-19 World Cup, in Greece, after leading the Emus to the title. In eight games, he averaged 26.3 points, 17 rebounds, 2.5 assists and 1.5 blocks per game, and he shot 61 percent from the field and 74 percent from the free throw line. One of the highlights of his MVP conquest was a 22-point, 18-rebound performance, in a 106–85 win over the US, in the quarter-finals of the medal round.

Paragraph 10: Royal visits were made to St Columb in 1909, 1977 and 1983. On 9 June 1909 the town was visited by the Prince of Wales (George V) and his wife, the Princess of Wales (Mary of Teck). The visit was to open the Royal Cornwall Agricultural Show. The Prince gave 2 silver cups: one for the best bull and another for the best horse. In August 1977 The Queen and Prince Philip visited the town during their Silver Jubilee tour of Cornwall. On 27 May 1983: The town was visited by the Prince and Princess of Wales (Charles and Diana). The visit was to commemorate the 650th anniversary of the signing of the town charter by Edward III. A plaque commemorates this visit outside the former Conservative club in Union Square.

Paragraph 11: In 1961, a Danish ophthalmologist named Mette Warburg reported on a Danish family that showed seven cases of a hereditary degenerative disease throughout seven generations. The first member of the family to be thoroughly studied was a 12-month-old boy. At the child's examination at three months, it was noticed that he was normal except that his lens appeared to be opaque and his irises were deteriorating. The area behind his lens was filled with a growing yellowish mass. Five months later, his left eye was removed due to suspicion of retinoblastoma, a cancerous tumor on the retina. A histologic examination showed a hemorrhagic necrotic mass in the posterior chamber, surrounded by undifferentiated (immature, undeveloped) glial tissue. The diagnosis included a pseudotumor of the retina, hyperplasia of retinal, ciliary, and iris pigment epithelium, hypoplasia and necrosis of the inner layer of the retina, cataract, and phthisis bulbi. The physician had suspected a tumor, although it emerged that it was a developmental defect that led to the malformation of inner parts of the eye. Because the eye was not functional, cells had already begun to die (necrosis) and the eye globe began to shrink due to its dysfunction (phthisi bulbi). In this Danish family, five of the seven people in these cases developed deafness later in life. Also, in four of the seven, mental capacity was determined to be low. After Warburg researched literature under various medical categories, she discovered 48 similar cases which she believed were caused by this disease as well. She then suggested this disease be named after another famous Danish ophthalmologist, Gordon Norrie (1855–1941). Norrie was greatly recognized for his work with the blind and for being a surgeon at the Danish Institute for the Blind for 35 years. The NDP gene was previously named the “Norrie disease (pseudoglioma)” gene, which is still used widely when referring to NDP. However, the current approved name for NDP is “Norrin cystine knot growth factor”.

Paragraph 12: In 1996, Hodges filed a $40 million lawsuit against the NBA and its then 29 teams, claiming they blackballed him for his association with Louis Farrakhan and criticism of "African-American professional athletes who failed to use their considerable wealth and influence to assist the poor and disenfranchised." After he was waived by the Bulls in 1992, he did not receive an offer or a tryout from a single NBA team, even though he was only 32 years old and still able to contribute to contenders. The lawsuit claimed that Bulls assistant coach Jim Cleamons told him that the team was troubled by his criticism of players' lack of involvement in inner-city communities. The suit also claimed Billy McKinney, the director of player personnel for the Seattle SuperSonics initially showed interest in Hodges in 1992, and then shortly after backed away, telling Hodges he could do nothing because "brothers have families, if you know what I mean." While a Bulls official said Hodges was waived as he was getting old and could not play defense, head coach Phil Jackson said, "I also found it strange that not a single team called to inquire about him. Usually, I get at least one call about a player we've decided not to sign. And yes, he couldn't play much defense, but a lot of guys in the league can't, but not many can shoot from his range, either."

Paragraph 13: Sue obsesses with the idea of having another child but no matter how hard she and Ali try, they cannot conceive. A phantom pregnancy in May 1986 leaves her heartbroken and she later tries to convince Michelle to let her adopt Michelle's daughter Vicki, culminating in Michelle slapping Sue. In September, Sue begins toying with the idea of adopting a Turkish child from Cyprus, which is met with indignation from Ali's family. She and Ali decide to apply to adopt in the UK instead. They meet a social worker to assess their suitability; however, their application is rejected because it is felt they are applying too quickly after the death of their child. Sue agonizes over this and in 1987, she faces more turmoil after finding a lump on her breast; she fears she has breast cancer. After much worrying, she is eventually persuaded to get the lump checked out and is subsequently given the all-clear. Later in the year, Sue grows attached to Ali's nephews and niece when they come to stay with her in Walford, and is saddened when they go home several months later. Still unable to conceive, Sue begins to crave a baby more than ever and Ali tires of her eternal broodiness. Sue decides she wants to move to the Isle of Dogs, thinking that the milder climate may increase her chances of conceiving. Ali refuses and in a fury, Sue packs a suitcase and disappears without word. Ali believes she has left him, but Sue is only visiting an old school friend and she returns in October 1987 to announce that she is expecting another baby. In March 1988, she gives birth to another son, "Little Ali", who is delivered by Lofty Holloway (Tom Watt) and Pauline Fowler (Wendy Richard). Sue's desperation to be a good mother means that she often excludes her husband from parental duties. She becomes so obsessed with her baby's welfare that she has no time for Ali and their relationship suffers. Feeling neglected and tired of his wife's nagging, Ali has sex with Donna Ludlow (Matilda Ziegler). However, Donna blackmails Ali, threatening to inform Sue about their tryst unless he pays her regularly. A fearful Ali pays, silencing Donna for a while, but in March 1989 Sue argues with Donna, banning her from the café. In retaliation, Donna informs Sue about the affair. Upset, Sue turns to Ali's brother Mehmet (Haluk Bilginer) for comfort and attempts to kiss an innocent Mehmet in front of Ali for revenge. Believing that Sue is having an affair with his brother, Ali assaults Mehmet then informs Mehmet's wife Guizin (Ishia Bennison) about the fabricated affair, causing the Osman family to fracture. Following threats from Ali, Sue takes their son and leaves Walford.

Paragraph 14: Flint was born in Redbridge, London, to Clive and Yvonne Flint, on 17 September 1969. Clive Flint worked as an engineering consultant. Keith Flint was initially raised in East London, but in the mid-1970s his parents moved out to a quiet suburban cul-de-sac in Springfield, in Chelmsford, Essex. His childhood was described as unhappy, and he feuded with his parents, who parted when he was young. He attended the Boswells School in Chelmsford and moved to Braintree after leaving school. Flint was described as being a "bright boy with dyslexia" and was disruptive in class. He was expelled from school at the age of 15. Flint then worked as a roofer and later enthusiastically embraced the acid house scene of the late 1980s. Musically, Flint was a childhood fan of The Jam, and in the late 1980s he listened to bands like Siouxsie and the Banshees.

Paragraph 15: The institution was established in 1859 as the Higher Agricultural College (Den høiere Landbrugsskole). In 1897 the institution was transformed into the Norwegian College of Agriculture (Norges Landbrugshøiskole, later spelled Norges Landbrukshøiskole, Norges landbrukshøyskole and Norges landbrukshøgskole, abbreviated NLH). It received the status of a university-level college (vitenskapelig høgskole). In 2005 it received university status and was renamed the Norwegian University of Life Sciences (Universitetet for miljø- og biovitenskap; UMB). In 2014 the it merged with the Norwegian School of Veterinary Science (NVH) in Oslo; it retained its English name but was formally renamed Norges miljø- og biovitenskapelige universitet (NMBU) in Norwegian. It is the only educational institution in Norway to provide veterinary education.

Paragraph 16: According to several historians, including Gyula Pauler and Jenő Szűcs, the young Béla's appointment as Duke of Slavonia was the reason that the relationship between father and son deteriorated. In contrast, Zsoldos considered Béla's appointment was the consequence of their tense relationship, not the root cause. Jenő Szűcs argued that Béla IV – who attempted to restore royal authority and revise his predecessors' land grants in Hungary – strongly opposed Stephen's generous donations to his own partisans (for instance, Denis Péc) in Styria, which strained their relationship. According to Szűcs, the monarch tried everything to protect the proportion of royal estates in Slavonia. Attila Zsoldos considered the defeat at Kressenbrunn one of the major reasons for the deterioration of the relationship. After initial successes, Béla arrived. His mistakes in battle led to the Hungarians suffering a major defeat. Stephen, severely injured as a result, barely escaped. Zsoldos assumed a possible fierce confrontation took place between Béla and Stephen after the battle. Throughout his reign, Béla IV was "far from the ideal of warrior-king", according to Romanian historian Tudor Sălăgean. Even the Illuminated Chronicle notes that Béla "was a man of peace, but in the conduct of armies and battles the least fortunate" when narrating Béla's defeat in the Battle of Kressenbrunn. In contrast, the ambitious Duke Stephen "possessed all the qualities needed to become an exceptional military commander" (Sălăgean). According to Sălăgean, Stephen, who represented a "late medieval chivalry", could select appropriate combat-capable accompaniment from the young members of lesser noble families (e.g. Reynold Básztély, Egidius Monoszló and Mikod Kökényesradnót). With his donations, Stephen established a new political and military elite, which opposed the old aristocratic families centred around King Béla IV and Queen Maria Laskarina. Stephen strived to establish an independent government in Transylvania, filling positions with his partisans. Shortly after his arrival, he dismissed Ernye Ákos – his father's faithful baron – as Voivode of Transylvania. Gyula Kristó emphasised the social base of the two kingdoms as the main factor behind the conflict, instead of the personal contrast between father and son. According to Kristó, Stephen turned against his father under pressure from his own confidants and supporters, who wanted to take control of the country from the old elite. Showing another aspect, Zsoldos considered Stephen was transferred from Slavonia to Transylvania because of the danger of a possible Mongol invasion at the turn of 1259 and 1260; this may show Béla actually respected his son's military abilities. Their relationship was not yet irreversibly bad in 1261: Stephen and his father jointly invaded Bulgaria and seized Vidin that year.

Paragraph 17: From 1 April until 30 June, Barkhorn was posted to Fliegerausbildungs-Regiment 10 (10th Aviators Training Regiment) based in Pardubitz, present-day Pardubice in the Czech Republic, as a company commander. In June 1940, Barkhorn fell ill and was diagnosed with scarlet fever. He was sent to a hospital in Wildenschwert, present-day Ústí nad Orlicí in the Czech Republic. By July, he had fully recovered and on 1 July was posted to the 4. Staffel of Jagdgeschwader 52 (JG 52—52nd Fighter Wing), a squadron of II. Gruppe. This squadron was commanded by Oberleutnant Johannes Steinhoff while the Gruppe was led by Hauptmann Horst-Günther von Kornatzki. Barkhorn conducted many training flights with 4. Staffel at Nordholz and Stade. Shortly after 18 August, he was transferred to 6. Staffel. His new Staffelkapitän (squadron leader) was Oberleutnant Werner Lederer. Lederer commanded the Staffel until 6 October when he was transferred and replaced by Oberleutnant Rudolf Resch. Flying from Peuplingues on 27 September, Barkhorn for the first time had enemy contact on a combat air patrol across the English Channel during the Battle of Britain. Near Maidstone and Chatham, the flight encountered Royal Air Force (RAF) fighters. He flew many fighter escort missions to England, on 29 September he participated on a mission providing protection for bombers from II. Gruppe of Lehrgeschwader 2 (LG 2—2nd Demonstration Wing) targeting London. On 4 October, he helped escort bombers from I. Gruppe of LG 2, and again on the following day. Barkhorn flew two further missions in support of I. Gruppe of LG 2 on 5 October and three days later, he escorted II. Gruppe of LG 2 and fighter bombers to London. On 10 October, he flew a courier mission, taking documents to Rouen, Beaumont and Cherbourg, before returning to Peuplingues. On 11 and 12 October, Barkhorn flew two further missions to London. On 23 October 1940, for his service he was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd Class ().

Paragraph 18: On the day of the bank robbery, all six dogs do exactly what they are trained to do and enter the bank one at a time, lying down and waiting for the command to start the robbery. Dillinger is the last to enter and carries the note giving the instructions to the tellers. Just before he’s supposed to blow the dog whistles corresponding to each dog, Barney has second thoughts (because June , looking for a bigger share, tells him the dogs will be killed afterwards to get rid of evidence) and leaves the command post across the street. Eddie and June are left to finish the operation and blow the whistles. While Sammy and Jojo head back to the training ranch, sprinkling dirt from the ranch along the way as a sort of trail of breadcrumbs, June picks up where Barney left off. The operation goes off exactly as planned, and the dogs collect the money and head home. One of the Dobermans is hit by a car, and another dog collects that dog’s saddlebag and continues on its way. Another dog is distracted by a standard poodle in a backyard and stops to make friends with it. Eddie connect with Sammy and Jojo at the ranch, but June goes to a different spot and blows the whistles again, giving the command to the dogs to attack the bank robbers. She blows the whistles again, and the dogs collect the bags of money and run to June’s location, where she hopes to get the money, but the dogs will not let her have it. They're not robots—only Barney had any feeling for them, so they feel no connection to anyone else.  She tries to get the whistles to signal to the dogs one more time, but J. Edgar takes the whistles and runs off as the Dobermans follow him. June runs after the dogs but can’t catch them. As June watches, J. Edgar and the five remaining Dobermans run into a valley carrying the bags of money.

Paragraph 19: Salmon is a proponent of the theory of direct reference. Salmon has provided accounts both of propositional attitudes and of Frege's puzzle about true identifications, i.e., truths of the form "a = b". Salmon maintains that co-designative proper names are inter-substitutable with preservation of semantic content. Thus, on his view the sentence "Samuel Clemens was witty" expresses exactly the same content as "Mark Twain was witty", whether or not the competent user of these sentences recognizes it. Therefore, a person who believes that Mark Twain was witty ipso facto believes that Samuel Clemens was witty, even if he or she also believes, inconsistently, that Clemens was not witty. Salmon argues that this is made palatable by recognizing that to believe a proposition is to be cognitively disposed in a particular manner toward that proposition when taking it by means of some proposition-guise or other, and that one may be so disposed relative to one proposition-guise while not being so disposed relative to another. Salmon applies this apparatus to solve a variety of famous philosophical puzzles, including Frege's puzzle, Kripke's puzzle about so-called de dicto belief, and W. V. O. Quine's puzzle about de re belief. For example, Quine describes a scenario in which Ralph believes that Ortcutt is no spy, yet Ralph also believes that the man in the brown hat is a spy, when unbeknownst to Ralph the man in the hat is none other than Ortcutt. Under these circumstances, is Ortcutt believed by Ralph to be a spy? The grounds for an affirmative or negative judgment seem equally balanced. On Salmon's account Ortcutt is believed by Ralph to be a spy, since Ralph is appropriately cognitively disposed toward the proposition about Ortcutt that he is a spy when taking that proposition by means of one proposition-guise, even though Ralph is not so disposed relative to an alternative, equally relevant proposition-guise.

Paragraph 20: The franchise was founded in Los Angeles in 1961 by Gene Autry as one of MLB's first two expansion teams and the first to originate in California. Deriving its name from an earlier Los Angeles Angels franchise that played in the Pacific Coast League (PCL), the team was based in Los Angeles until moving to Anaheim in 1966. Due to the move, the franchise was known as the California Angels from 1965 to 1996 and the Anaheim Angels from 1997 to 2004. "Los Angeles" was added back to the name in 2005, but because of a lease agreement with Anaheim that required the city to also be in the name, the franchise was known as the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim until 2015. The current Los Angeles Angels name came into use the following season.

Paragraph 21: While there is no one definition of public sociology, the term has come to be widely associated with Burawoy's particular perspective of sociology. An excerpt from Burawoy's 2004 ASA presidential address provides a succinct summary of his understanding of the term: "As mirror and conscience of society, sociology must define, promote and inform public debate about deepening class and racial inequalities, new gender regimes, environmental degradation, market fundamentalism, state and non-state violence. I believe that the world needs public sociology - a sociology that transcends the academy - more than ever. Our potential publics are multiple, ranging from media audiences to policy makers, from silenced minorities to social movements. They are local, global, and national. As public sociology stimulates debate in all these contexts, it inspires and revitalizes our discipline. In return, theory and research give legitimacy, direction, and substance to public sociology. Teaching is equally central to public sociology: students are our first public for they carry sociology into all walks of life. Finally, the critical imagination, exposing the gap between what is and what could be, infuses values into public sociology to remind us that the world could be different."Elsewhere, Burawoy has articulated a vision of public sociology that is consonant with the pursuit of democratic socialism. In Critical Sociology, Burawoy writes: "We might say that critical engagement with real utopias is today an integral part of the project of sociological socialism. It is a vision of socialism that places human society, or social humanity at its organizing center, a vision that was central to Marx but that was too often lost before it was again picked up by Gramsci and Polanyi. If public sociology is to have a progressive impact it will have to hold itself continuously accountable to some such vision of democratic socialism."As Mark D. Jacobs and Amy Best write, "The mission of public sociology, in Michael Burawoy's formulation, is to strengthen the institutions of civil society against the encroachments of both state and market." Indeed, Burawoy maintains that, since the last half of the twentieth century and into the twenty first, the political stance of sociology has drifted more leftward, while the all encompassing influence of neoliberalism has dragged the rest of world more rightward. In the aftermath of Reaganomics, the state and market have begun to work in collusion to propagate the ideals of market fundamentalism, replacing the state's role in redistributing resources and providing social welfare services, to one of creating economic opportunities for enterprise. In his view, this will have devastating consequences for civil society, the very subject of sociology itself, unless the discipline embraces his call to unashamedly engage with the world's diverse (and at-risk) publics to achieve some greater good, thus resisting the perverse allure of neoliberalism. One example of this can be seen in the vast increase in adjunct professors in universities and the impact that has had on the inability of professors to publish articles that would give them credence in the eyes of not only publics but also within the discipline itself.

Paragraph 22: Their initial recording line-up comprised Bruce Brookshire, John Samuelson, Ric Skelton, Eddie Stone and Herman Nixon, who recorded their self-titled debut album in 1980.  It was produced by Tom Allom and peaked in the Top 30 of the Billboard 200. This was followed the next year by Doc Holliday Rides Again, which used the services of both Allom and co-producer David Anderle. The band went on to share tours with Black Sabbath, Gregg Allman, April Wine, Loverboy, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Charlie Daniels Band, Blackfoot, Pat Travers, Point Blank, Molly Hatchet and many others. Doc Holliday's third album, Modern Medicine, was recorded in Munich by famed German producer 'Mack', who was chosen by the band for his success with Queen, and with Billy Squier at that time. "His name was at the top of the charts then. It was that simple. When we first met (Mack), I said that I would provide the songs and asked that he handle the production his way." said Brookshire. "Techno, synthesizers, and Duran Duran were taking over the music world. We wanted a hit record and thought that was the best way to do it." The resulting album alienated some of their existing fan base for its change in musical direction. After a lukewarm release, a failed tour, and being dropped by their management and record label simultaneously, the band ground to a halt in 1984. Determined to reinvigorate the group, a powerful and charismatic drummer named Jamie Deckard pushed Brookshire, Stone, and Samuelson to reform, and by 1986 the group released a fourth album, the harder edged Danger Zone on the London-based Metal Masters label. Its European success found the band returning to its classic style. During the mid-80's, keyboardist Tony Cooper, guitarist Tommy "Too Tall" Evans, drummer Ross Lindsey, original guitarist Ric Skelton, and drummer John Vaughn would contribute their talents to an ever-evolving lineup. Guitarist Billy Yates, later with Outlaws, had two stints in the band, and female backing vocalists June Reppert and Karen Barlow were featured for a time.  In 1989, the album, Song for the Outlaw - Live, garnered good reviews. A version of the group not on the album embarked on an extensive overseas tour in support of the release, with dates in Scandinavia,  England and Wales, Switzerland and Germany. Throughout the 90's the band solidified with Brookshire on lead guitar and vocals, original member John Samuelson on lead and rhythm guitar, Daniel "Bud" Ford on bass guitar, and Danny "Cadillac" Lastinger on drums. They released the albums "Son Of The Morning Star" and "Legacy", touring Europe with each. The album "Gunfighter-The Best of the 90's" also came from this line-up. During that time, the band headlined festival shows in Scandinavia and Europe, including 'The Bulldog Bash', a large annual U.K. Music Festival in Stratford-Upon-Avon, which was featured in Kerrang! Magazine, and Headbanger's Ball on British MTV. By late 2000, original member Eddie Stone would rejoin the band and appear on all subsequent albums and tours including "A Better Road", "Rebel Souls"  "Twenty-Five Absolutely Live" and "Good Time Music". For another decade the band continued to record and tour, maintaining a consistent presence in Europe  Doc Holliday's final release was a collection of remixed, lost, and bonus tracks titled "From The Vault".  In 2011, the band embarked on their 30th Anniversary-Farewell Tour of Germany, Sweden, France, Belgium, and London (U.K.). A few years later, Eddie Stone (and occasionally Daniel Ford) recruited various musicians to perform under the name Doc Holliday at various one-off shows. These performances re-imagined the band to a segment of its hard-core fans, but has not led to a consistent presentation or any new material. Eddie Stone is currently the only Doc Holliday band member who still performs rock shows, occasionally as a member of Capricorn Records' group Stillwater. Stone today is primarily the keyboard and vocalist for Southern Rock legends Wet Willie featuring Jimmy Hall.

Paragraph 23: In "Sugartime", Buster meets the first lesbian couple: Karen Pike, a photographer, her partner Gillian Pieper, a health educator, and their three children: Emma, Emma's brother David, and her stepbrother James. One scene shows family photos of the three kids, then Buster's attention turns to a framed photo of Karen and Gillian together; Karen is Emma and David's mother, and Gillian is James' adoptive mother. Buster says to Emma, "So Gillian's your mom, too?" Emma replies that she is her stepmom, to which Buster comments "Boy, that's a lot of moms!"; Emma adds that she loves her mother and stepmother very much, and no other comments are made about the couple. After meeting Emma's family, Buster meets yet another lesbian couple: Tracy and Gina, and their three children at a dairy farm nearby. Later in the episode, both families get together at a bonfire, then take a family picture, with Buster sitting in the middle between the children. PBS vice president of media relations Lea Sloan said at the time, "Ultimately, our decision was based on the fact that this is a sensitive issue, and we wanted to make sure that parents had the opportunity to introduce this subject to their children in their own time."

Paragraph 24: At the age of 15, his grandparents built in his room next to his bed and among his personal belongings a small recording studio, where he began recording Christian and even some political jingles. His work was going full steam ahead, and again his grandparents trusting their grandson's talent was gaining seriousness they decide to give him the second story of their house. It is here where Eliel prepared a more elaborate recording studio where he began experimenting with reggaeton. At 16, known as DJ Menor, he began his work with the most successful rappers at the time: Baby Rasta & Gringo, Bebe, Hornyman y Pantyman, Charlie y Felito, among others. Later on he is offered a professional contract and moves to Santurce, Puerto Rico, close by to all the record companies. It was in the Santurce area where he met the then rookie artist, Don Omar, his now colleague and best friend. Immediately he signs a contract with the record company VI Music to record the voices of all of their artists. His made his first musical track for Daddy Yankee y Nicky Jam for the album Las Gargolas. Upon listening to it the singers did not believe it had been made by Eliel and thought it was a track taken out of a movie soundtrack. It is this special musical touch in his tracks in which he includes different rhythms and musical instruments that make his tracks something hard to believe. He has created more musical tracks that are the representation of the reggaeton scene in Puerto Rico; these are "Donde estan las Gatas" in the voice of Daddy Yankee, "Salen Inquietas" by Magnate y Valentino, and "Dile" and "Vuelve" in the voice of Don Omar. In 2002 he worked on the albums La Reconquista of the former duo Héctor & Tito, a compilation of various artists Mas Flow 1, and on "Don Omar: The Last Don (album)." With his success in the reggaeton world, his colleagues tried to give him an artistic name, but the name Eliel was already established. It is because of his shy nature that he becomes known as "the one that speaks with his hands" and has been consecrated as the genius behind the music that is taking over. Eliel has produced hit songs and converted them into hits.for reggaeton stars such as Daddy Yankee, Don Omar, Héctor el Father, Magnate y Valentino, amongst others. Eliel recently worked with Don Omar's new recording production, King of Kings, and in the production Reggaeton Confessions, where exponents of different musical genres are uniting with reggaeton.

Paragraph 25: The Toyota MZ engine family is a piston V6 engine series. The MZ series has an aluminium engine block and aluminium alloy DOHC cylinder heads. The cylinders are lined with cast iron, and is of a closed deck design (no open space between the bores). The engine is a 60 degree V6 design. It uses multi-port fuel injection (MFI), four valves per cylinder, a one-piece cast camshaft and a cast aluminium intake manifold. The MZ family is a lightweight V6 engine of an all-aluminium design, using lighter weight parts than the heavier duty VZ block engines in an effort to lower production costs, decrease engine weight, and decrease reciprocating weight without sacrificing reliability. Toyota sought to enhance the drivability pattern of the engine (over the 3VZ) at exactly 3000 rpm, since that was the typical engine speed for motors cruising on the highway. The result was less cylinder distortion coupled with the decreased weight of rotating assemblies, smoother operation at that engine speed, and increased engine efficiency.

Paragraph 26: In Combat Racing, the player controls characters from the Jak and Daxter series, all of which race in customizable dune buggy-style vehicles. The two main modes of play in the game are Adventure and Exhibition. Jak, the main character of the series, is the only playable character in the Adventure mode, and must participate in a series of Eco Cup Championships in the game's story to obtain an antidote to a poison he and his comrades have consumed. Jak can also take part in a variety of Events in the Championships as to earn Medal Points and advance through the ranks. The main event of the game is the Circuit Race, in which Jak must finish a set of laps in a course while avoiding the wrath of the other racers. The player can destroy these racers as well by picking up Yellow and Red Eco weapons, with Yellow Eco acting as an offensive weapon made to attack and destroy opponents, and Red Eco acting as a defensive weapon made to protect the player from incoming attacks. Green and Blue Eco can also be picked up, acting as health recovery and turbo respectively. Causing and taking damage causes a Dark Eco meter to fill up which, once full, causes weapons to become more potent versions of themselves. Save data from the first three Jak and Daxter games, Daxter and Ratchet: Deadlocked unlock several drivers for the game, including Ratchet from Ratchet & Clank. For the PlayStation 4 port, the save data of the PS4 ports of the first three Jak and Daxter games, Uncharted: The Nathan Drake Collection and Ratchet & Clank (2016) are required to unlock the content.

Paragraph 27: The UWA had a tradition of inviting Japanese wrestlers from New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) to come to Mexico for shorter or longer tours, traditionally they used the Japanese Heavyweights, but with the emergence of Los Misioneros they began using younger, lower card wrestlers for matches against Los Misioneros. One such rivalry saw the team of Gran Hamada, Kobayashi and Enrique Vera defeat Los Misioneros in a Luchas de Apuestas match, forcing the three of them to have their hair shaved off as a result. In 1981 the Los Misioneros de la Muerte name became a household name after a match in El Toreo de Quatro Caminos ("The Bullring with four corners"), UWA's main venue. During the main event Los Misioneros faced off against then 64-year-old El Santo, teaming with Huracán Ramírez and Rayo de Jalisco. In that match El Santo collapsed in the middle of the ring, suffering a heart attack during the match. His life was only saved due to the quick witted actions of Ramírez. After the match the Lucha Libre magazinez, prompted by Francisco Flores, played off the real life tragedy by promoting Los Misioneros as the team that nearly killed the biggest name in Lucha Libre ever. The event made the team the most hated trio in Mexico for years to come and helped fill El Torero arena to the brim when Los Misioneros teamed up with Perro Aguayo to face El Santo, Gory Guerrero, Huracán Ramírez and El Solitario in El Santo's retirement match. Following Santo's retirement Los Misioneros feuded with the top faces (wrestlers portraying "good guy" characters) such as Los Tres Caballero (Aníbal, El Solitario and Villano III both in trios and in individual competition. During the storyline El Solitario turned on his two partners, when he attacked El Signo with a bottle and costing Los Tres Caballeros an important match. The attack made the smaller Los Misioneros more sympathetic to the crowd, who began to support them more and more despite Los Misioneros being booked on the shows as heel characters ("bad guys").  The trio also continued fighting various Japanese teams, including defeating the team of Kobayashi, Saito and Takano at the UWA 7th Anniversary Show on February 14, 1982, and again a few months later in a Luchas de Apuestas match that saw the Japanese trio leave Mexico with their hair shaved off. Their popularity as a trio also led to them being invited to tour Japan, facing off against New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) light weight wrestlers such as Gran Hamada, Tiger Mask, Takano, Akira Maeda and Osamu Kido. In 1984 Los Misioneros won the UWA World Trios Championship for the first time, although it is not documented for exactly how long. In the mid-1980s the "War" between the UWA and EMLL had cooled off enough for Los Misionerios to actually work a series of EMLL shows leading up to the EMLL 53rd Anniversary Show. In the weeks before the show Los Misioneros defeated the trio of El Dandy, Talismán and Jerry Estrada in a Luchas de Apuestas match during CMLL"s weekly Super Viernes show. This was part of the build to the main event of the 53rd Anniversary where Los Misioneros lost a Luchas de Apuestas match to CMLL mainstays Ringo Mendoza, Américo Rocca and Tony Salazar and thus were forced to get all their hair shaved off as a result of the loss. Los Misionerios regained the UWA World Trios Championship in 1987 defeating Los Villanos (Villano III, Villano IV and Villano V), after what was considered the "peak" of Los Misionerios. With an influx of other popular trios both in the UWA and in Mexico in general Los Misioneros days on the top of the Trios scene came to an end, which was followed by the end of Los Missioneros de la Muerte in its original form. During a UWA World Trios Championship match against Los Villanos El Texano threw in the towel to save his partner El Signo any more punishment. After the match and title loss his partners turned on El Texano and attacked him. The attack was done primarily to write El Texano out of the UWA storyline as he had given notice that he was leaving.

Paragraph 28: Richard Blackwell (August 29, 1922 – October 19, 2008) was an American fashion critic, journalist, television and radio personality, artist, former child actor and former fashion designer, sometimes known just as Mr. Blackwell. He was the creator of the "Ten Worst Dressed Women List", an annual awards presentation he unveiled in January of each year. He published the "Fabulous Fashion Independents" list and an annual Academy Awards fashion review, both of which receive somewhat less media attention. His partner of sixty years, Beverly Hills hairdresser Robert L. Spencer, was also his manager. He wrote two books, Mr. Blackwell: 30 Years of Fashion Fiascos and an autobiography, From Rags to Bitches.

Paragraph 29: Born in Blackfriars, Bert Hardy rose from humble working class origins in Southwark, London. The eldest of seven children, he left school at age 14 to work for a chemist who also processed photos. His first big sale came in 1936 when he photographed King George V and Queen Mary in a passing carriage during the Silver Jubilee celebrations, and sold 200 small prints of his best view of the King. His first assignment, at age 23, was to photograph Hungarian actor Sakall at the Mayfair Hotel. Hardy freelanced for The Bicycle magazine, and bought his first small-format 35 mm Leica. He signed on with the General Photographic Agency as a photographer, then founded his own freelance firm Criterion.

Paragraph 30: Eurasian otters are strongly territorial, living alone for the most part. An individual's territory may vary between about  long, with about  being usual. The length of the territory depends on the density of food available and the width of the water suitable for hunting (it is shorter on coasts, where the available width is much wider, and longer on narrower rivers). The Eurasian otter uses its feces, called spraints, to mark its territory and prioritize the use of resources to other group members. The territories are only held against members of the same sex, so those of males and females may overlap. Mating takes place in water. Eurasian otters are nonseasonal breeders (males and females will breed at any time of the year) and it has been found that their mating season is most likely determined simply by the otters' reproductive maturity and physiological state. Female otters become sexually mature between 18 and 24 months old and the average age of first breeding is found to be  years. Gestation for the Eurasian otter is 60–64 days, the litter weighing about 10% of the female body mass. After the gestation period, one to four pups are born, which remain dependent on the mother for about 13 months. The male plays no direct role in parental care, although the territory of a female with her pups is usually entirely within that of the male. Hunting mainly takes place at night, while the day is usually spent in the Eurasian otter's holt (den) – usually a burrow or hollow tree on the riverbank which can sometimes only be entered from underwater. Though long thought to hunt using sight and touch only, evidence is emerging that they may also be able to smell underwater – possibly in a similar manner to the star-nosed mole.