Paragraph 1: As one of the founders and president of the Savage Club in 1857, he naturally took an interest in dramatic writing, and on Boxing night 1858, in conjunction with Frederick Lawrence, produced at the Strand Theatre a burlesque entitled Kenilworth, which ran upwards of one hundred nights, and was followed by a travesty of Romeo and Juliet. In partnership with William Brough he then wrote the Pretty Horsebreaker, the Census, the Area Belle, and several other farces. In domestic drama he was the author of Daddy Gray, the Loving Cup, Checkmate, and Love's Dream, pieces produced with much success by Miss Oliver at the Royalty Theatre. The Great City, a piece put on the stage at Drury Lane on 22 April 1867, although not remarkable for the plot or dialogue, hit the public taste and ran 102 nights. The opening piece at the new Vaudeville Theatre, London, 16 April 1870, For Love or Money, was written by Halliday. He also was the writer of a series of dramas adapted from the works of well-known authors. These pieces were: Little Em'ly, Olympic Theatre, 9 October 1869, which ran two hundred nights; Amy Robsart, Drury Lane, 24 September 1870; Nell, Olympic Theatre, 19 November; Notre Dame, Adelphi Theatre, 10 April 1871; Rebecca, Drury Lane, 23 September; Hilda, Adelphi, 1 April 1872; The Lady of the Lake, Drury Lane, 21 September; and Heart's Delight, founded on Dickens Dombey and Son, Globe Theatre, 17 December 1873. After visiting Australia James Robertson Anderson appeared in 1874 at Drury Lane as Richard I in Halliday's adaption of Sir Walter Scott's novel The Talisman.

Paragraph 2: Bianca's rape was heavily debated; viewers who despised the storyline argued the rape as "punishment" for her sexuality, and as unnecessary; others felt that it realistically captured what gay women sometimes face from men who want to force themselves on lesbians. When GLAAD (Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation) was asked by Metro Weekly why GLAAD sent out an action alert voicing their concern over the rape of Bianca, but two days later sent out another release which seemed to support how the storyline was told, Joan M. Garry, executive director of the organization, responded that they had "some concerns" about [the storyline] and "that the broader context of the [daytime television] genre kind of needs to be taken into account." Metro Weekly felt that this did not answer their question. They wanted to know why there was a sudden reversal in GLAAD's statement, specifically citing that GLAAD's second press release spoke of rape experience for lesbians and how men who rape lesbians not only engage in gender based acts of violence, but in acts of hate violence, and that this release was supportive of how Bianca's rape storyline was told, as opposed to GLAAD's first press release on the matter. Garry said she felt that their first press release concerning Bianca's rape was premature. Metro Weekly countered by asking what is the "actual process" GLAAD uses to select what to criticize, what raises their organization's red flags. "There's a whole host of input we receive about things as we hear about them, as we see them in script form, as we see them in pilots," Garry relayed. "We have a strong team of program folks who represent different regions around the country, different communities. We get an awful lot of stuff that comes across the transom via our website raising concerns. And we did get quite a number of concerns coming over email, particularly about All My Children." Garry continued, "So it's basically community feedback, as well as some of our own observations and perceptions. Combine that with conversations that we have with folks that are actually producing the images and we really try to work our way through those different opinions and shape a position we think makes sense."

Paragraph 3: SR 71 begins concurrent with US 441 within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park at the North Carolina state line on  Newfound Gap. US 441/SR 71 is known as Newfound Gap Road within the park, and follows along a valley carved by the West Prong of the Little Pigeon River as a narrow and curvy 2-Lane highway. Newfound Gap Road then becomes concurrent with SR 73 Scenic (Little River Road) before having an interchange with the Gatlinburg Bypass and entering the city of Gatlinburg, where US 441/SR 71/SR 73 Scenic leaves the park and becomes Parkway, a 4-lane undivided highway as it passes through the city. Parkway then has an intersection with US 321/SR 73 (East Parkway), where SR 73 Scenic ends and US 321/SR 73 joins Parkway. Parkway heads north to have another  interchange with the Garlinburg Bypass before leaving Garlinburg and becoming a divided highway known as the Foothills Parkway Spur (more commonly known as The Spur). Parkway then enters the city of Pigeon Forge and widens to a 6-lane. It passes through the city and has an intersection with SR 449 (Dollywood Lane/Veterans Boulevard) before US 321/SR 73 head north along Wears Valley Road. US 441/SR 71 (Parkway) then crosses a bridge over the West Prong of the Little Pigeon River to enter Sevierville. They pass by several tourist attractions and a Tanger Outlets before again crossing the West Prong of the Little Pigeon River and turning of the Parkway and north onto Forks of the River Parkway at the southern edge of downtown. They bypass downtown on the west side as an undivided highway before coming to an intersection with SR 66 (Winfield Dunn Parkway) and US 411/SR 35 (W Main Street), where US 441/SR 71 turns left to become concurrent with US 411/SR 35 as a 4-lane undivided highway known as Chapman Highway. Chapman Highway then crosses a bridge over West Prong of the Little Pigeon River and leaves Sevierville as a divided highway through rural areas. It then passes through some mountainous areas as an undivided highway before entering Seymour. Chapman Highway passes by several homes and businesses before coming to an intersection with SR 338 (Boyds Creek Highway), where US 411/SR 35 heads south along Maryville Highway. US 441/SR 71 (Chapman Highway) continues north to pass through a small portion of Blount County before leaving Seymour and crossing into Knox County.

Paragraph 4: Upon reaching Prague and after delivering the message to President Beneš, Mason-MacFarlane telegraphed a cable to London stating based upon what he had seen in the Sudetenland that the Czechoslovak Army was suffering from low morale and would swiftly collapse if Germany invaded. Colonel H.C.T Stronge, the British military attache in Prague very strongly disagreed with Mason-MacFarlane's assessment of the Czechoslovak Army. Wilson saw Mason-MacFarlane's report predicating that Czechoslovakia would last a few days against the Wehrmacht as a reason not to go to war with Germany and circulated it widely through the corridors of Whitehall. From Berlin, Wilson telegraphed Chamberlain: "Military attache has just returned from Czechoslovakia and is convinced that resistance will prove feeble. This must be known to the French too and to the Czech General Staff as it is clearly known here". When Wilson returned to London on 27 September 1938, he took Mason-MacFarlane with him, straight to a cabinet meeting at 10 Downing Street. Mason-MacFarlane told the cabinet: "It would be very rash to base any policy on the assumption that the Czechs would fight like tigers". Cadogan wrote in his diary about the impact of Mason-MacFarlane's presentation to the cabinet: "Unfortunately Mason-Macfarlane (MA in Berlin) also here and he painted a gloomy picture of Czech morale. What does he know about it? Also meeting with Chiefs of Staff who were called in. Not very reassuring...all this produced a glacial period in Ministerial feet". General Sir Henry Pownall, the Director of Military Operations and Intelligence wrote in his diary: "We were much influenced by the views of Mason-Macfarlane who flew over from Berlin that afternoon [27 September] – he has done noble work." On 30 September 1938, the Munich Agreement put an end to the crisis which had pushed Europe to the brink of war. After the Munich Agreement, Mason-MacFarlane served as part of the Anglo-German-French-Italian commission which had the duty of deciding how much of the Sudetenland would go to Germany. In the months

Paragraph 5: Capcom created Final Fight for the arcade in 1989. The game involved players choosing among three fighters on a quest to save the mayor's daughter, who was kidnapped by a criminal gang known as Mad Gear. In 1990, Capcom presented Nintendo with a version of the game for the 16-bit Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES). According to David Sheff's book Game Over, Nintendo stated that Capcom could not put a female enemy in a video game published for the SNES, as that violated Nintendo's ban on violence against women. Capcom countered that there were no female enemies in the game, revealing that the female characters Roxy and Poison were transsexuals. The characters were nevertheless removed from the international versions of the SNES port (the Japanese Super Famicom version retained the characters). However, in 1993, Sega obtained the rights to release the game for their Sega CD. In a sign of Sega's more liberal policies, Poison and Roxy could remain in the international versions, but with less-provocative clothing, and there could be no indication of their transgender status.  (Sega of America later removed a homosexual boss and unlockable playable character called Ash from the international versions of Streets of Rage 3.)

Paragraph 6: After noticing some odd occurrences in their hometown of Oedo, involving a Ghost Woman at the local temple and ghost animals that come from the temple at night, Goemon and Ebisumaru decide to investigate. After defeating the Ghost Woman, she reveals herself to be Kurobei, a ninja cat. She explains that she was looking for strong people to help her, then offers the duo money and tells them to search for her boss, Koban, on Shikoku Island. Upon arrival, they find Hyotoko dancers in town during a festival, of whom some of the townspeople are suspicious. After finding and defeating the Lantern Man, leader of the evil dancers, they rescue Koban, who informs them that Princess Yuki, daughter of the Emperor, is believed to have been kidnapped by an odd group of mimes and clowns counterfeiters known as the Otafu Army. His clan of ninja cats were unable to investigate further because of devices the army has that disable their shapeshifting powers. He then directs the duo to nearby Awaji Island, where Goemon and Ebisumaru find that the army has set up a bizarre, anachronistic amusement park. The pair then make their way across the park to the nearby town of Yamato, where they discover that the army has been recruiting the townspeople. Upon invading the Otafu HQ and defeating its leaders, they free Yae, the ninja. She tells them that the Otafu Army never had Yuki, but that a wise man in Iga may be able to help them. The Old Wise Man's palace in Iga is guarded by an army of robotic clockwork ninjas, and the pair fight through the palace and its leader, Sasuke, to get to the old man's chamber. The Old Wise Man tells them that the White Mirror in the Dragon Pond of faraway Izumo can find what they seek. He uses his "Miracle Transport Machine" (which is only a cannon) to shoot them there. To save the princess, the protagonists must travel through different regions of Japan to find clues about the army and the location of the princess.

Paragraph 7: While video games and advertising were initially gender-neutral, advertising began to narrow its focus to young boys as a target market following the video game crash of 1983. Although commercial hits such as Myst and The Sims appealed to women, these were nonetheless seen by some as being outside the gaming mainstream. Critic Ian Bogost opined, "We're looking at where there isn't diversity and we're saying those games are the most valid games." Industry studies on the lack of women in gaming have also suffered at times from biases of interpretation. Kevin Kelly of Joystiq has suggested that a high degree of circular reasoning is evident when male developers use focus groups and research numbers to determine what kinds of games girls play. After making a bad game that targets those areas suggested by the marketing research, the game's lack of popularity among both genders is often attributed to the incorrect prejudice that "girls don't play games" rather than the true underlying problems such as poor quality and playability of the game. Whereas market data and research are important to reveal that markets exist, argues Kelly, they shouldn't be the guiding factor in how to make a game that appeals to girls. The argument has also been advanced that emphasis on market research is often skewed by the participants in the study. In studies on male gamers of the baby boomer generation, for example, players displayed a marked aversion to violence. The incorrect conclusion that could be drawn from this result—that men dislike violent games—may also be comparable to incorrect conclusions drawn from some female-oriented gaming studies. It has been suggested that developers can learn what girls want in a game by observing similarities in how different girl teams will react to and modify a game if given the opportunity.

Paragraph 8: But this marriage is not to be. Max and Skye, bent on revenge, set them up, making it appear as though Blair has slept with Max the night before her wedding to Todd. They drug Blair, making sure that Todd sees them together. Todd does not let on to Blair what he thinks he saw until the wedding itself. His voiced laced with hostility, he announces to everyone that he cannot marry Blair because she is the one who shot Max in the back. Blair is stunned at Todd's betrayal and cannot understand why he is doing this. She later forces Max, at gunpoint to tell her what he has done. Blair goes to Todd to tell him the truth, but it is too late. Todd has already made a deal with the DA and has turned in the clothes Blair wore the night of the shooting, in return for a deal where he is spared jail time. Blair is arrested for shooting Max and is put in jail. In the hope that he will testify on her behalf to keep her and her baby out of jail, she lies when she tells Max that she is pregnant with his child. Blair is unaware, however, that she really is pregnant. She later discovers this when Max drags her to the hospital for a pregnancy test — except, she privately discovers that she is pregnant with Todd's child. Max agrees to testify on her behalf, but Starr locks him in Asa's wine cellar on the day of the hearing so that he never makes it there. Instead, Todd testifies that Blair was totally out of her mind the day that she shot Max. The judge sends Blair to St. Ann's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there. After talking with Addie, Blair realizes that Todd had actually been trying to help her by keeping her out of jail. Blair wonders if she should try again to tell Todd the truth.

Paragraph 9: Godfather's Pizza was founded in Omaha, Nebraska, in 1973. Willy Theisen bought out the pizza parlor and the name in 1974 from Gregg Johnson (who later started the Minsky's Pizza restaurants), and sold his first franchise. Theisen sold the company to Pillsbury in 1985 and stepped down from actively managing the company. In 1986, Pillsbury named Herman Cain CEO and president of the brand. Cain and Ronald B. Gartlan, the company's executive vice president, led a group to purchase the Godfather's brand from Pillsbury, which they did by the beginning of 1990 in a leveraged buyout for what was reported to be $100 million. It was reported to be the fifth largest pizza chain in the United States at the time, down from third place in 1985. About this time, many Godfather's locations in the St. Louis area were bought out by Pantera's Pizza. Under Cain's leadership, Godfather's closed approximately 200 restaurants and eliminated several thousand jobs, and by doing so returned to profitability. Cain stepped down from his position as CEO and president in 1996 and Gartlan became CEO. Cain stayed on as chairman until 2002. In 2009 Gartlan bought out Cain. According to the company's official website, as of August 2016, the chain had 453 locations in the U.S. Godfather's Pizza also operates in some Speedway locations, as well as most Minit Mart locations in Kentucky and northern Tennessee, as of 2007.

Paragraph 10: Carole is an African-American bright girl with a natural riding ability. She became devastated when her mother died of cancer, and when Cobalt died, she almost gave up riding. But her father, U.S. Marine Colonel Mitch Hanson, reminded Carole that her mother would have wanted her to follow her passion. With money left by her mother, she bought a buckskin gelding, Starlight. Carole knows her future lies with horses, but there are many paths to follow and she does not know which road to take. Her grades are high enough for her to become a veterinarian but she would also love to breed and train Thoroughbreds. She would never mind being a professional steeplechase jockey or maybe traveling the world teaching dressage clinics. Whatever career she chooses, her most immediate goal is to be the very best rider she can be. Carole has little time for boys; therefore, she has never understood why anyone would prefer the company of a boy to that of a horse. This is when the pressures of family, friends, school, and competition cannot touch her. Anyone who catches a glimpse of horse and rider moving as one along the lush creek cannot help but be in awe. Like the other Saddle Club girls, Carole is becoming a young woman. In "Moving On, Part 1", Carole's dad got re-deployed and she almost left Pine Hollow, The Saddle Club, and Starlight behind forever when it was decided that she'd live with her Aunt Penny. Thanks to Mrs. Reg, however, Carole becomes the first live in boarder at Pine Hollow Stables as of "Moving On, Part 2" which allowed her to stay at Pine Hollow, continue to be in The Saddle Club, and keep Starlight. Carole has never forgiven Veronica for killing Cobalt. In "Itchy", Carole thought that she was allergic to horses, but after a visit to the doctor it was revealed that she is allergic to camels as the saddle blanket that her father sent her is made out of camel hair. When Carole suggests naming Samson after "Samson and Delilah", it was a hinted indication that Carole is a Christian. Whenever Carole's sad, to cheer herself up she'll ride Starlight or play her guitar. Carole is focused, determined, stubborn, and passionate just like her mother was. In the books, Carole and Lisa go to Willow Creek Junior High School together and Carole and Stevie are the same age. in the "Pine Hollow" series Carole goes to Willow Creek High School with Lisa. Carole's favorite color is purple. She is the most wisest girl I ever knew and the best rider at Pine Hollow. 

Paragraph 11: Eldar was the first to notice a problem, when he observed that the plane was banking right. Shortly after, the flight path indicator changed to show the new flight path of the aircraft as it turned. Since the turn was continuous, the resulting predicted flight path drawn on screen was a 180° turn. This indication is similar to those shown when in a holding pattern, where a 180° turn is required to remain in a stable position. This confused the pilots for nine seconds, during which time the plane banked past a 45° angle to almost 90°, steeper than the design allowed. The A310 cannot turn this steeply while maintaining altitude, and the plane started to descend quickly. The increased g-forces on the pilots and crew made regaining control extremely difficult for them. The autopilot, which no longer controlled the ailerons, used its other controls to compensate, pitching the nose up and increasing thrust. As a result, the plane began to stall; the autopilot, unable to cope, disengaged completely. A second, larger indicator light came on to alert the pilots of the complete disengagement, and this time they did notice it. At the same time, the autopilot's display screen went blank. To recover from the stall, an automatic system lowered the nose and put the plane into a nosedive. The reduced g-forces enabled Kudrinsky to retake his seat. Piskaryov then managed to pull out of the dive, but over-corrected, putting the plane in an almost vertical ascent, again stalling the plane, causing the plane to enter a spin. Although Kudrinsky and Piskaryov regained control and leveled out the wings, they did not know how far they had descended during the crisis and their altitude by then was too low to recover. The plane crashed at high vertical speed, estimated at . All 75 occupants died on impact.

Paragraph 12: In general, the genus of a knot is difficult to compute, and the Seifert algorithm usually does not produce a Seifert surface of least genus. For this reason other related invariants are sometimes useful. The canonical genus  of a knot is the least genus of all Seifert surfaces that can be constructed by the Seifert algorithm, and the free genus  is the least genus of all Seifert surfaces whose complement in  is a handlebody. (The complement of a Seifert surface generated by the Seifert algorithm is always a handlebody.) For any knot the inequality  obviously holds, so in particular these invariants place upper bounds on the genus.

Paragraph 13: The general consensus among scholars is that dual federalism ended during Franklin Roosevelt's presidency in 1937 when the New Deal policies were decided constitutional by the Supreme Court. Industrialization, economic modernization, and conditions surrounding the Great Depression elevated commerce to a more national level, so there was an overlap in the powers of the federal government and the states. The federal government, using the Commerce Clause, passed national policies to regulate the economy. The Interstate Commerce Act and Sherman Antitrust Act solidified Congress's authority to regulate commerce between states and expanded its role. This, in addition to the New Deal policies, led to the federal government and the states working together more, ending the era of dual federalism and moving America into cooperative federalism. However, political scientists have argued different theories concerning the end of dual federalism. As opposed to a clear transition from dual federalism to cooperative federalism, some political scientists say there was a much more complicated relationship between the states and the federal government. Rather than a competition for power, the powers of the state and federal government change according to national political movements and their agendas; a dynamic that existed both before and after the New Deal. Other political scientists see dual federalism ending much earlier than the New Deal; This would have been the beginning of cooperative federalism as the federal government identified a problem, set up the basic outline of the program to address the problem, and make money available to fund that program, and then turning over much of the responsibility for implementing and running the program to the states and localities. Daniel Elazar argues that there was substantial cooperation among the states and federal government beginning in the 19th century, leading up to the Civil War and several political scientists assert that starting from the 1870s and throughout the Progressive Era, the federal government and states worked together to create national policies.

Paragraph 14: He has written film scores for feature films, documentaries, TV drama and animated films. Whistle (2002), directed by Duncan Jones, was shown at festivals around the world, including several broadcasts on Film Four.  In 2004, he refined his audio-post production skills under the leadership of  Frank Verderosa at Planet V, New York City. Working with digital artist and multimedia producer Helena Bulaja resulted in composing and recording the score for the fairytale Regoch (2006), which can be heard on the release of "Croatian Tales of Long Ago, Part Two" and collaborating in Helena Bulaja's latest project about Nikola Tesla, which features Laurie Anderson and Terry Gilliam amongst other artists. Christian composed the score for director Marc Meyer's film Sunday, in August, which was broadcast on France 3, and won the Minister of Art Promotion Prize at the Film Festival in Dresden in 2005. The same year he teamed up with New York-based director Matthew Timms, sound designing and scoring the film How I know you (2005). Working at Park Road Post as an editor in 2006, Christian contributed also a string quartet piece for Academy Award nominee, Taika Waititi's feature film "Eagle vs. Shark" (2007) alongside the original soundtrack by the Phoenix Foundation.  In 2007 he composed the score for Marc Meyer's feature film debut  (2007) and the music for Paul Swadel's TV One New Zealand documentary  "The Big Picture" (2007) in collaboration with Dave Whitehead and Riki Gooch, which won "Best Original Score" at the Qantas Television Awards 2008. The same year, he completed the score for Brigitte Bertele's award winning feature film: "Nacht Vor Augen"(2008), which premiered on the 58th Berlin International Film Festival 2008 and one episode of the classic German crime show  "Tatort", directed by Didi Danquart. Christian wrote the film music to Brigitte Bertele's second feature film  (2011) which won for "best director" at the Montreal World Film Festival 2011, and to Juraj Lerotic's short film "Then I See Tanja" (2010), which won in the category "Checkers" at the Zagreb Film Festival 2010. In 2011 he scored 4 episodes of the German children's TV series "Löwenzahn" and the documentary "Family Meals" by Dana Budisavljević.

Paragraph 15: Keats introduced four new projects in 2010. In January he created a pinhole camera intended to take a single 100-year-long exposure. Printed in Good Magazine, the simple box camera was designed to be cut out, folded, and glued together, and then left to take a picture which the magazine promised to publish in a "special folio" as part of the January 2110 issue. In February, Keats expanded his filmmaking for plants into a new genre. Observing that plants aren't mobile, he produced a travel documentary – showing footage of Italian skies – which he screened for an audience of ficus and palm trees at the AC Institute in New York City through early March, and later in the year presented to an audience of mixed species, with musical accompaniment by the composer Theresa Wong, at the Berkeley Art Museum in California. He also produced an online version of the movie for viewing by plants at home, posted by Wired News Following an AFP wire story, news of the travel documentaries was reported worldwide, though not in Italy. Keats launched an alternative space agency, the Local Air and Space Administration (LASA), in October. Headquartered at California State University, Chico, the organization claimed to be taking on the exploratory role abandoned by NASA, and announced simultaneous missions to the Moon and Mars. Rather than building rockets, LASA amassed lunar and martian terrain locally in California, by pulverizing meteorites. The first LASA astronauts were potatoes grown in water mineralized with lunar anorthosite and martian shergottite, exploring the Moon and Mars by osmosis, according to Keats, who further argued that the minerals they absorbed over their month-long missions made them "alien hybrids". LASA also entered the space tourism business, offering humans the opportunity to explore the Moon and Mars by buying and drinking bottled lunar and martian mineral waters at an "exotourism bureau" in San Francisco. At the same time that he was managing the Local Air & Space Administration, Keats started independently to produce pornography for God. The source for his pornography was the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) which had just begun to replicate Big Bang conditions at a small scale. Reasoning that the Big Bang was "divine coitus", Keats screened a live feed from the LHC on a votive altar. He opened his "porn palace for God" at the alternative art space Louis V. ESP in Brooklyn, New York. While Keats explained that he had become "God's pornographer" in order to encourage God to create additional universes since our own was doomed by cosmic expansion, worldwide opinion on the worthiness of his project was mixed.

Paragraph 16: Towards the end of his life, Leroux claimed the character was based on a real opera singer "whose real name I hid under that of Christine Daaé".  It is likely he was referring to the Swedish singer Christina Nilsson (1843-1921) (sometimes known as "Christine Nilsson"),  whose real life heavily reflects details in the fictitious Christine Daaé's history.  Nilsson, like the fictional Daaé, was born in rural Sweden, and both were discovered by a well-to-do patron performing in a Swedish marketplace: Nilsson singing along to her brother's violin playing in Ljungby, Daaé singing along to her father's violin playing in (fictitious) Ljimby. Both were taken under the protection of a family named "Valerius" in Gothenburg, and both were brought to Paris by their respective patrons for operatic training. Even the rivalry between the youthful and inexperienced Christine Daaé and the seasoned veteran diva Mme Carlotta, and specifically the replacement of Carlotta with Daaé in the role of Marguerite in Gounod's Faust, loosely reflects the public competition between Christina Nilsson and the older Caroline Miolan-Carvalho over the role at the Paris Opera in 1868-1869, even to the point of using ideas and language from contemporary reviews of Nilsson's performances.

Paragraph 17: The neighborhood was originally a "point" or peninsula surrounded by New Haven Harbor on the east and south, bordering what is now Hallock Ave. & South Water Street, and the West River wetlands on the west, bordering what is now Greenwich Ave. In the 19th and early 20th Century, until public health authorities condemned the oyster beds, City Point's economy included oyster harvesting and fishing from the waters of New Haven Harbor and Long Island Sound. In 1929 the Boulevard was extended to Sea St., and the West River salt marsh began to be filled in (ultimately becoming Kimberly Field, consisting of two baseball diamonds). In the early 20th century, Second St. was extended to Kimberly Ave. and the first St. Peter Catholic Church was built. The parish included the traditional City Point neighborhood between Greenwich Ave. and Hallock Ave, as well as the Kimberly Ave. area. Thus by the mid 20th century, some residents of Kimberly, Grant, Cassius & Plymouth streets also considered themselves to be City Point residents—even though this area never was part of the geographical "point" from which City Point had derived its name. With the construction of the Connecticut Turnpike/Interstate 95 in the mid-1950s, most of the water on City Point's eastern border also was filled in. The eastern waters were replaced with the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad's yard, One Long Wharf's parking lot, the New Haven Food Terminal, & both Sargent Drive and Long Wharf Drive. Thus today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water. Yet when viewing a map of the area, the street grid still clearly shows the original outline of the neighborhood and "point" bounded by Greenwich Ave. and Hallock Ave. In 1978 the (Ella T. Grasso) Boulevard finally was completed, with the construction of a bridge over the railroad tracks, thereby connecting lower Kimberly Ave. to the rest of the Hill. At the end of the 20th century, the second St. Peter Church was demolished along with St. Peter & Kimberly Ave. Schools, and Second St. was returned to its original 1868 configuration. Consequently, today most residents of Kimberly, Grant, Plymouth & Cassius streets consider themselves to be in the Kimberly Square neighborhood or simply part of The Hill, rather than part of City Point.

Paragraph 18: Doom eventually became the leader of the Resistance and during a visit to Tom's Shop, he encounters Barda, Lief (Endon's son) and his now slightly older daughter Jasmine. However neither he nor his daughter realize they're related and Jasmine is suspicious of him, however she does somewhat agree with his opinion on the royal family. Doom later competes in the Rithmere Games with the aim of exposing the Games as a means of scouting out great fighters and taking them to the Shadowlands. However he is forced to alter his plans as Barda, Lief and Jasmine are competing as well. Ironically he ends up fighting Jasmine in the final before faking a loss to witness Lief, Barda and Jasmine being captured by Grey Guards. He rescues the three from the Grey Guards. He tells them he has heard rumors about three travelers who seem to be causing the Shadow Lord trouble and offers to take them to a resistance hideout. Barda thanks Doom for the help but declines their offer to join the resistance, stating he did not wish to put the Resistance in danger by helping them in their quest (while keeping the true nature of their quest hidden). Doom is disappointed at their refusal and leaves them with a warning to not speak of their encounter to anyone. Doom later encounters the trio at a Resistance stronghold following their adventure on Dread Mountain, along with an injured Dain who had saved them from two Grade 1 ols (shapeshifting servants of the Shadow Lord). Doom, angered at discovering they have learned of the Resistance's password system and unsure of their true identity, tests them by putting them in a prison for three days. As three days pass, Doom does not let up and keeps them imprisoned. Dain frees them from the cave in exchange for them to take him to Tora. He later shows up at Tora with Neridah, finding Dain, Barda, Lief and Jasmine. Dain departs with him, while Neridah remains with the trio. Doom later appears in the final book, learning of the Belt and he makes most of the preparations for the gathering of the seven tribes. Dain (believed by Lief to be the heir of the Belt) is kidnapped by Ichabod before Lief could hand over the Belt. Lief, Jasmine, Barda, Doom and the Resistance members head to Del to rescue Dain, but fall into an elaborate trap where the puppet master is revealed to be none other than Dain himself. Doom is the only one to evade capture. Dain is revealed to be a Grade 3 Ol and he has been fooling them all along. After Doom attacks Dain, Lief manages to kill him with the Belt, but Doom sustains an injury to the head, which causes him to regain his memory and reveals to everyone's surprise that he is Jasmine's father. However their reunion is cut short as they are arrested by Grey Guards, save for Lief (who realizes that he was the heir all along) who rescues them and defeats the Shadow Lord.

Paragraph 19: The main pioneers of child migration in the nineteenth century were the Scottish Evangelical Christian Annie MacPherson, her sister Louisa Birt, and Londoner Maria Rye. Whilst working with poor children in London in the late 1860s, MacPherson was appalled by the child slavery of the matchbox industry and resolved to devote her life to these children. She bought a large warehouse in Spitalfields and turned it into the Home of Industry, where poor children could work and be fed and educated. The building was previously used by the Sisters of Mercy as a cholera hospital. It opened in 1868 and could hold up to two hundred children. She later became convinced that the real solution for these children lay in emigration to a country of opportunity and started an emigration fund. MacPherson began relocating children in 1870, departing for Canada on the twelfth of May with one hundred boys. Hastings County provided rent for a distribution centre in Belleville once she arrived. In the first year of the fund's operation, 500 children, trained in the London homes, were shipped to Canada. She shipped children from her own organisation and other agencies such as Barnardo's. MacPherson opened another receiving home in the town of Galt in Ontario and persuaded her sister, Louisa Birt, to open a third home in the village of Knowlton, 112 km from Montreal. MacPherson's other sister Mary, and her husband Joseph Merry, were superintendents of the Home of Industry for several years. They later ran the receiving home in Galt and its successor in Stratford. One of MacPherson's assistants at the Home of Industry went on to take charge of the Belleville home. This was the beginning of a massive operation which sought to find homes and careers for 14,000 of Britain's needy children. In 1887, the Home of Industry moved to purpose-built premises in Bethnal Green. The building was designed by Sir George Grenfell-Baines. MacPherson retired in 1902.

Paragraph 20: Kirtivarman I died in 597-98, probably leaving several minor children, and the throne, therefore, passed to his younger brother or step-brother Mangalesha (A. D. 597-98 to 610–11), also known as Mahgalisa (sic), Mahgalaraja, and Mahgalisvara. The new king enjoyed the virudas Rana-vikranta and Uru-rana-vikranta, besides Prthivivallabha or Sri-prthivivallabha. Mangalesha has been described as a Paramabhagavata, i.e, devout worshipper of the Bhagavat (Visnu). The victory over the Katachhuris (Kalachuris) and the conquest of Revatidvipa, referred to in the Aihole inscription and echoed in the Kauthem grant, were his greatest e achievements. According to the Nerur grant and Mahakuta pillar inscription, the Kalachuri king Buddha, son of Sankaragana, was defeated before the 12th of April, A. D. 602, and his entire possessions were appropriated, when the Chalukya king was desirous of conquering the northern region. Buddharaja was in possession of Nasik district as late as AD 608. The struggle between the Chalukyas and Kalachuris, therefore, appears to have continued for some years, after which the former came into complete possession of the central and northern Maratha country. The Nerur grant of Mangalesha also refers to the killing of the Chalukya Chief Svamiraja who was apparently ruling in the Konkan and was said to have been famous for his victories in eighteen battles. Most probably this Svamiraja was placed in the Konkan by Kirtivarman I as his viceroy; and he sided with Pulakeshin II in his struggle against Mangalesha. It is also not unlikely that Svamiraja had his headquarters at Revatldvipa in the waters of the Western or Arabian Sea (i.e, the fortified promontory of Redi to the south of Vengurla in the Ratnagiri district), which is said to have been conquered by Mangalesha, and that the conqueror appointed Indravarman of the Bappura (i.e, Batpura) lineage, apparently related to his own mother, as the new Governor of the region. According to a Goa grant, Satyashraya-Dhruvaraja-Indravarman was ruling four visayas or mandalas with his headquarters at Revatldvipa in January 610 or 611 A. D, which was the twentieth year of his government, and granted a village in the Khetahara desa (Khed taluka in the Ratnagiri district) with the permission of the Chalukya emperor of Badami. It is usually believed that Indravarman was placed as a viceroy in the Konkan by Kirtivarman I about A. D. 590, the first year of the former's rule according to the Goa grant. But possibly he was ruling as a subordinate ruler elsewhere and was stationed at Revatldvipa only after the conquest of that place by Mangalesha sometime after A. D. 597-98. It was as a result of the difficult days through which the Chalukya emperor was passing about this time that he appears to have become bold enough to issue the charter, dated in his own regnal year.

Paragraph 21: In July 1917, the assistant manager was Mr. Goodrich. Around the end of World War I, the Sixty Club, a group of sixty men-around-town (a mixture of actors and socialites), and their dates would meet at the Astor House each Saturday night. Shanghai was considered the "Paradise of Adventurers", and the "ornate but old-fashioned lobby" of the Astor House was considered its hub. The lobby was furnished with the heavy mahogany chairs and coffee tables. By 1918 the lobby of the Astor House, "that amusing whispering gallery of Shanghai", was "where most business is done" in Shanghai. After China signed the International Arms Embargo Agreement of 1919, "sinister-looking German, American, British, French, Italian, and Swiss arms dealers appeared in the lobby of the Astor House . . . to dangle fat catalogs of their wares before the eager eyes of any buyers." In 1920, the lobby "with its convivial atmosphere, presents to the visitor a welcome oasis, where congregate travelers from afar to chat pleasantly." Another recorded: "The effervescence at the Astor is more tangy than elsewhere. All the latest scandal of the town is an old story in its lobbies almost before it occurs." Powell added: "At one time or another one saw most of the leading residents of the port at dinner parties or in the lobby of the Astor House. An old resident of Shanghai once told me, "If you sit in the lobby of the Astor House and keep your eyes open you will see all of the crooks who hang out on the China coast." According to Ron Gluckman, "Opium was commonplace, says one woman who lived in Shanghai before World War II. 'It was just what you had, after dinner, like dessert.' Opium and heroin were available via room service at some of the old hotels like the Cathay and Astor, which offered drugs, girls, boys, whatever you wanted."

Paragraph 22: In 1683 the Ottomans were defeated in the Battle of Kahlenberg outside Vienna. The Field marshal of the Austrian army was Ragusan Frano Đivo Gundulić. In 1684, the emissaries renewed an agreement contracted in Visegrád in the year 1358 and accepted the sovereignty of Habsburg as Hungarian Kings over Ragusa, with an annual tax of 500 ducats. At the same time Ragusa continued to recognize the sovereignty of the Ottomans, a common arrangement at the time. This opened up greater opportunities for Ragusa ships in ports all along the Dalmatian coast, in which they anchored frequently. In the Treaty of Karlowitz (1699), the Ottomans ceded all of Hungary, Transylvania, Slavonia, Dalmatia and Podolia to the victorious Habsburgs, Venetians, and Poles. After this, Venice captured a part of Ragusa's inland area and approached its borders. They presented the threat of completely surrounding and cutting off Ragusa's trade inland. In view of this danger and anticipating the defeat of the Ottomans in 1684 Ragusa sent emissaries to Emperor Leopold in Vienna, hoping that the Austrian Army would capture Bosnia. Fortunately for the Republic, the Ottomans retained control over their hinterland. With the 26 January 1699 peace agreement, the Republic of Ragusa ceded two patches of its coast to the Ottoman Empire so that the Republic of Venice would be unable to attack from land, only from the sea. One of them, the northwestern land border with the small town of Neum, is today the only outlet of present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina to the Adriatic Sea. The southeastern border village of Sutorina later became part of Montenegro, which has coastline to the south. After the treaty, Neum and Sutorina were attached to Sanjak of Herzegovina of Bosnia Eyalet. Ragusa continued its policy of strict neutrality in the War of Austrian succession (1741–48) and in the Seven Years' War (1756–63).

Paragraph 23: The list of aircraft of World War II includes all the aircraft used by those countries which were at war during World War II from the period between their joining the conflict and the conflict ending for them. Aircraft developed but not used operationally in the war are in the prototypes section at the end. Prototypes for aircraft that entered service under a different design number are ignored in favour of the service version. The date the aircraft entered serviceor was first flown if the service date is unknown or it did not enter servicefollows the name, followed by the country of origin and major wartime users. Aircraft used for multiple roles are generally only listed under their primary role unless specialized versions were built for other roles in significant numbers. Aircraft used by neutral countries such as Spain, Switzerland and Sweden (or countries which did no significant fighting such as most of those in South America) are not included.

Paragraph 24: However, others such as Isaiah Tishby maintain that Sefer Chassidim is an "enormous anthology, reflecting the work of generations of Ashkenazi Hasidic leaders". This led him to formulate this phenomenon as a movement which existed for generations and had a distinct group of leaders. Ivan G. Marcus raised support for the community's historicity by pointing out references to Chassidei Ashkenaz practices in Arba'ah Turim and Sefer ha-Manhig. He further admitted that all of the points questioning its existence do raise questions, but the questions raised by Dan and Gruenwald "do not prove that the pietist world as described in SH [Sefer Hasidim] did not exist", and "the existence of the hasidim per se and the influence of their customs are attested in non-pietist rabbinic sources". Tishby also postulates that the fact that they considered all other Jews resha (iniquitous) and other anti-social tendencies (asceticism), is the reason they are not mentioned by anyone other than the Baal Tur and the Safer Haminhag, both of which only mention them but do not give them respect, rather than a reason they would be counted by their contemporaries, and the Jewish community, precisely opposing what Israeli scholar Joseph Dan holds. Prior to Dan no one questioned their existence over the centuries in which the book was studied.

Paragraph 25: A signal on a transmission line can become distorted even if the line constants, and the resulting transmission function, are all perfectly linear.  There are two mechanisms: firstly, the attenuation of the line can vary with frequency which results in a change to the shape of a pulse transmitted down the line.  Secondly, and usually more problematically, distortion is caused by a frequency dependence on phase velocity of the transmitted signal frequency components.  If different frequency components of the signal are transmitted at different velocities the signal becomes "smeared out" in space and time, a form of distortion called dispersion.

Paragraph 26: The effect is inducted by looking at a test image similar to that below. It contains oppositely-oriented gratings of lines, horizontal and vertical. Next, the subject stares alternately at two induction images similar to the ones directly beneath the top image. One image should show one orientation of grating (here horizontal) with a colored background (red) and the other should show the other orientation of grating (here vertical) with a different, preferably oppositely colored background (green). Each image should be gazed at by the subject for several seconds at a time, and the two images should be gazed at for a total of several minutes for the effect to become visible. The subject should stare approximately at the center of each image, allowing the eyes to move around a little. After several minutes, the subject should look back to the test image; the gratings should appear tinted by the opposite color to that of the induction gratings (i.e., horizontal should appear greenish and vertical pinkish).

Paragraph 27: The temptation is one that could turn the game upside down forever. The contestants were in a room with baked goods. Whoever ate the most calories in 10 minutes would be able to choose the new teams, black and blue. However, the lights were off so no one could see who was eating what. In the end, Heba won the temptation and kept her original team except for switching Phillip to the black team and putting Amy C. into the blue team. The challenge this week was the longest challenge in Biggest Loser history. It lasted for 14 hours. The teams would have to walk up and down the mountain for 14 hours. After they reached the top or bottom of the mountain, they had to take a picture. If all 5 members were in the picture, they would get a bonus point. After several hours, it started to become hotter and hotter. Everyone decided to take a break. Shellay and Colleen wondered if the other team was actually telling the truth. They were thinking of going out during the break to walk but did not. In the end, the black team won the 2 pound advantage at the next weigh in. Also, Brady walked the most out of anyone, by walking 20 miles. Michelle was emotional because she thought her dad wouldn't love her if she loved her mom. Jillian let Michelle talk to her dad and he encouraged her to stay and said she was his inspiration. He thought that what she was thinking was silly and that he loves her. At the weigh in, Ali wonders if Michelle is going to quit, and in the end, Michelle ends up staying. The black team loses a combined total of 30 pounds plus the 2 pound from the challenge. The blue team had to lose more than 33 pounds in order to stay safe. Amy C. lost 9 pounds moving out of the 200s and weighing 199. Brady, Vicky, and Amy P. all lost 6 pounds. The pressure was on Heba and she had to lose more than 6 pounds. Phillip was thinking she would not be able to lose more than 6 pounds, since she had lost 8 pounds the week before. In the end, Heba lost another 8 pounds and the black team had to vote someone out. At an emotional voting ceremony, Colleen had to break the tie breaker between Renee and Shellay, and Shellay was voted out. This was a very tearful elimination. Shellay feels like she is now 30 years old and has continued to work out. Shellay started the competition wearing a size 18 and is now a size 10. Shellay hopes to be a size 6 at the finale.

Paragraph 28: Nitti, a liberal Italian politician was known for his calls for a "United States of Europe", believing that only when all of the nations of Europe become one would all of the problems of modern Europe be solved. In this regard, Nitti was strongly opposed to the Treaty of Versailles, which he called the "instrument of oppression" against Germany, the "most cultured nation" in the world. As part of his critique of Versailles, Nitti wrote that the French had put the most "backward nations" in the Rhineland, declaring some of the "most cultured cities in Europe" that been subjected to "Negro violence" and to "physical and moral trials unknown for centuries in civilized countries". Nitti wrote the occupation of the Rhineland "had no military aim" but rather was an "attempt to force Germany to the point of moral exhaustion". At the same time, Nitti, who was very well worried about the prospect of a Communist revolution in Germany, used the "black horror" stories as a way of creating unity in Germany, urging that all Germans regardless of class should unite in the common struggle against France. As part of his call for European unity, Nitti went out of his way to portray France's African soldiers as an alien body that did not belong in Europe at all, which allowed him to condemn France as the nation responsible for this state of affairs. Nitti wrote the Senegalese were guilty of "any form of violence and crime" as their "yesterday the representatives of cannibalistic races" whom were now occupying the "country of the greatest thinkers in Europe". Throughout his speeches and essays, Nitti drew a contrast between Europeans who constituted civilization vs Africans who represented barbarism. Nitti even went so far as to say he was shocked to see and hear "music gangs of Negroes and Berbers of Africa" play "African music programmes" on the "squares of the occupied cities". Nitti wrote for him it "seemed unbearable" that Germans whose nation was a "cradle of musical genius" to listen to "Negro music". As part of his call to revise Versailles, Nitti urged that the other European nations together with the United States were under the obligation to "save culture...from the flood of barbarism" as "Germany's fall" would mean "the downfall of one [of] the largest driving forces of humanity". As part of his demand for a pan-Western effort to save Germany, Nitti wrote he could hear the “cry of pain of the German woman", which he wrote was a “most terrible accusation against Christian peoples,” who called themselves “civilized and democratic.”

Paragraph 29: Multiple outfits and costumes are featured throughout the tour. Her first costume, which is worn during the "Prismatic" act, is a silver, mirrored leather skirt, complete with fingerless gloves and matching heels. The neckline, waistline, arms, and bottom of the skirt all are installed with lights that glow during the performance. Perry also has light-up extensions to match her dress for this section. During the "Egyptian" act, Perry wears a hand-embroidered purple leotard, a hand-embellished collar and an ornate purple and gold skirt, complete with thigh-high purple high heel boots. She also wears a blonde wig with black bangs and ends. The "Cat-oure" act has Perry wearing a sparkly, pink, leopard leotard, complete with a tail and a matching pink plastic hat with cat ears and a short black bobbed wig attached to it. The chest and abdomen of the costume are nude colored, and the costume also contains a shimmery belt and collar. For the "Acoustic" act, Perry wears a butterfly-inspired dress, along with a short, silver glittery cape. The dress had a butterfly over the chest, and the bottom of the dress is see-through, also containing butterflies imprinted on it. She also adorns a multi-colored wig, featuring pastel blues, pinks, and greens. The "Throwback" act has Perry emerge on stage wearing a yellow smiley face push-up bra, leggings with yellow peace signs on them, as well as a yellow skirt. For "It Takes Two", Perry wears a Yin-Yang crop top over her smiley face bra and a large Yin-Yang dress that inflates as she rises on the stage. Following "It Takes Two", the Yin-Yang costume is removed and Perry now wears a yellow leather jacket with a smiley face on the back and sunglasses. The "Hyper Neon" act follows, where Perry wears a green palm tree-inspired bra, high waisted underwear containing palm tree decor around it, and pink heels with thigh-high socks on. After exiting and returning to perform "Birthday", Perry emerges wearing a full-body, skin-colored leotard. The leotard features many birthday-themed items on it, such as balloons over the breasts, a cake over her pubic region, a bow on the buttocks, confetti, and glitter everywhere, as well as 'Happy Birthday' embroidered on the back of it. During the entire "Hyper Neon" act, Perry wears a green ombre wig, that is dark towards the top, and transitions into a more lime green towards the tip. The wig is also pulled down into small buns. For the "Encore", Perry emerges with a long black wig and a firework-inspired dress. The corset and pants and heels are both glittery blue, and the corset features fireworks over the breasts. Perry adorns elbow-length blue gloves with fireworks on them. She also wears a dress that straps onto the corset and reveals the front of her body. The dress is orange and features many different fireworks around it.

Paragraph 30: John Haliburton, second son of Sir Adam Haliburton, married the daughter and co-heiress of William de Vaux, Lord of Dirleton. One of the first things he did was to order the reconstruction of the castle of Dirleton. John was later killed at the battle of Nisbet in 1355, a battle between the English forces from Morham Castle on the Tweed and local landowners including Halyburton. Haliburton’s son John inherited Dirleton and from around 1382 is known as Sir John Haliburton of Dirleton. Sir John married Margaret, daughter of Sir John Cameron of Ballegarno and the couple had three children, the eldest, Walter, being the heir to the lands and title. Walter Haliburton of Dirleton appears in various charters dating from the reign of Robert III. This Walter married Isobel, daughter of the Duke of Albany. Their son, Sir Walter Haliburton of Dirleton, was a hostage in England on behalf of King James I. In 1403 he married Mary, daughter of Archibald the third Earl of Douglas, and widow of David, Duke of Rothesay the eldest son of King Robert III. In 1438 he was appointed Lord High Treasurer of Scotland, and in 1441 was created Lord Dirleton or Halyburton of Dirleton. The couple had several children of whom John, the eldest, succeeded by 1447. This John, Lord Haliburton, was appointed Sheriff of Berwick. He married Janet, sister of Lord Seton, and they had two sons Patrick and George. Patrick duly became the second Lord Haliburton of Dirleton. He was granted a charter of the Barony of Dirleton in 1451, and another of the dominical lands of the said barony and castle in 1452. On his death in 1459 the land and titles went to his brother George. George, the third Lord Haliburton of Dirleton, had a wife named Mariota and three sons. The eldest Archibald had a charter of Dirleton but he is thought to have been killed, along with his father, at the battle of Sauchie on 11 June 1488. He and his wife were the parents of James who then became the fourth Lord Haliburton of Dirleton. Lord James died unmarried in 1503 and was succeeded by his uncle Patrick. Patrick, fifth Lord Haliburton of Dirleton, had three daughters by his first wife Margaret Douglas, and on his death the title and lands passed to their daughter Janet. Janet, Baroness Haliburton of Dirleton, married William second Lord Ruthven, and when she died around 1560 the titles fell to her son Patrick, the third Lord Ruthven. Patrick was implicated in the murder of David Rizzio, the favourite of Mary, Queen of Scots, in 1566. Patrick’s son William, Lord Ruthven and Dirleton, was created Earl of Gowrie in 1581 but was attainted and subsequently executed in 1582, and all honours forfeited. In 1586 his son James was restored to all honours, including the Barony of Dirleton, but when he was found guilty of treason through his part in the Gowrie Conspiracy the honours were again forfeited. The Ruthven Raid or Conspiracy was an attempt by a group of disaffected noblemen led by William Ruthven to replace the government of Arran-Lennox with one more favourable to the Reformers, and to kidnap the king.