Paragraph 1: Dave the Dude (Glenn Ford), a very successful New York City gangster, has one superstition: he believes that the apples he buys from alcoholic street peddler Apple Annie (Bette Davis) bring him luck. Annie assures the Dude that his latest purchase is especially lucky. He then meets Elizabeth "Queenie" Martin (Hope Lange), the daughter of a recently murdered friend and deeply indebted nightclub owner. Queenie offers to pay him $5 a week from her cashier's salary toward the $20,000 owed him. Instead, trusting Annie's claim, he decides to make Queenie a nightclub star. To the astonishment of his right-hand man, "Joy Boy" (Peter Falk), he succeeds, and Queenie is able to pay off all her father's creditors after two years, just as Prohibition ends.

Paragraph 2: The Paleoclimate Modelling Intercomparison Project is a project, somewhat along the lines of AMIP or CMIP, to coordinate and encourage the systematic study of atmospheric general circulation models (AGCMs) and to assess their ability to simulate large climate changes such as those that occurred in the distant past. Project goals include identifying common responses of AGCMs to imposed paleoclimate "boundary conditions," understanding the differences in model responses, comparing model results with paleoclimate data, and providing AGCM results for use in helping in the analysis and interpretation of paleoclimate data. PMIP is initially focussing on the mid-Holocene (6,000 years before present) and the Last Glacial Maximum (21,000 yr BP) because climatic conditions were remarkably different at those times, and because relatively large amounts of paleoclimate data exist for these periods. The major "forcing" factors are also relatively well known at these times. Some of the paleoclimate features simulated by models in previous studies seem consistent with paleoclimatic data, but others do not. One of the goals of PMIP is to determine which results are model-dependent. The PMIP experiments are limited to studying the equilibrium response of the atmosphere (and such surface characteristics as snow cover) to changes in boundary conditions (e.g., insolation, ice-sheet distribution, CO2 concentration, etc.)

Paragraph 3: Roger Ebert called it a "fun" movie and gave it a rating of 2.5 out of 4. He criticised the pacing as cluttered and unfocused, and concluded "It's a film you enjoy in pieces, but the jigsaw never gets solved." The New Yorkers Bruce Diones called it "more surprising and effective than the usual kiddie-matinée madness." John Anderson of Variety wrote: "Sprinkled with tongue-in-cheek humor, fairly adult jokes and some well-known faces acting very silly, this adventure story should have particular appeal to fans of The Princess Bride, but in any event will never be mistaken for a strictly-for-kids movie." Anderson praised Pfeiffer for her comedic timing and called De Niro's performance "as engrossing as a car crash". He says the romance is the least interesting part of the film, but the sweep of the story and the humor keep the film together. Stephen Holden of The New York Times wrote: "Michelle Pfeiffer is Lamia, as deliciously evil a witch as the movies have ever invented" and suggested she should be the center of the film. Holden said that Danes was miscast, and described De Niro's performance as "either a piece of inspired madcap fun or an excruciating embarrassment." Kurt Loder of MTV News was critical of De Niro's performance saying "This could be the most pointlessly grotesque performance of De Niro's career; it's flabbergastingly unfunny." Michael Dwyer of The Irish Times described the film as "diverting in its whimsical way, but burdened with nonsequiturs, and it ought to have been subjected to more rigorous pruning in the editing suite". Dwyer criticised the cameos of Gervais and De Niro as unsubtle, jarring, and self-indulgent, and said Danes was miscast. He praised Pfeiffer, saying she gave the film "the kiss of life". Dan Jolin of Empire magazine called it "Patchy but great fun, peppering plenty of black humour into a sweet if silly fairy-tale romance." Glenn Kenny of Premiere called it "an eye-poppingly elaborate fantasy that's shot through with action-movie adrenaline and attitude." Time Out London compared the film to Time Bandits or The Princess Bride "but it lacks the former's originality and the latter's heart". Tim Robey of The Telegraph wrote: "There's a shameless romantic streak here, quite welcome in a boy-targeted genre that usually insists battles are cool and love is for wimps."

Paragraph 4: Till his twenty-ninth year he was intimately connected with the history of his native town and mingled actively in its affairs. He was prominent in politics early in life; was town treasurer in 1819 and 1820 and representative to the general court in 1821. In 1822 he removed to Derry, formerly a part of the town of Londonderry. He commenced life a comparatively poor boy and had only the education of the common schools of his day. At the age of fourteen he became clerk in the general store formerly conducted by his father and served an apprenticeship of five years. When he was nineteen years old he and his elder brother Thomas started in business on their own account in a general store at Windham. They prospered and as soon as their cash capital and enlarged credit would warrant the adventure they removed to New York City and built up a large and highly profitable trade. In 1831, foreseeing the future importance of Lowell, Massachusetts, as a manufacturing centre, the brothers settled in that city.  Lowell is not far from their native town; doubtless their love for the old New Hampshire hills influenced their selection of a location as well as their personal knowledge of the town and its vast possibilities as a manufacturing place. They invested largely in real estate and identified themselves with every movement and measure calculated to develop the town or increase its prosperity. They were leaders in enterprise and progress, shrewd and farsighted men of affairs. John Nesmith became interested in the manufacture of blankets, flannels, printing cloths, sheetings and other textile fabrics and that became eventually his principal vocation. He became agent or part owner in mills in Lowell, Dracut, Chelmsford, Hooksct and other places, and managed those enterprises with almost unvarying and uninterrupted success. He was also a large stockholder in the Merrimack Woolen Mills Company. Appreciating more than any other man the natural advantages of the water powers which have made Lowell what she is, he bethought himself of securing the supply of water in Winnepesaukee and Squam lakes in New Hampshire as reservoirs for the Lowell Mills in dry seasons and letting the water into the Merrimac River when needed by artificial canals. This brilliant conception was at first scouted by the manufacturers along the river, but Mr. Nesmith, satisfied that they would eventually require the water, bought the right to use both these lakes for the purpose and before long the manufacturers had to buy of him at a handsome profit.

Paragraph 5: The Haj subsidy was a subsidy based on religion that was given to Hajj pilgrims by the Government of India in the form of discounted air fare so that a pilgrim can fly to Mecca for Hajj. The program has its origins in British colonial era. In post-colonial era, the Government of India expanded the program in 1959 with the Hajj Act. The subsidy initially applied to Indian Muslim pilgrims traveling for religious reasons to Saudi Arabia, Syria, Iraq, Iran and Jordan by road and by sea. Expanded Haj subsidy started in 1954, as an idea initiated by the then government, with flights between Mumbai and Jeddah. Additional flight legs were added over the years, and since 1984, all Haj traffic has been shared by Air India and Saudia, the national carriers of India and Saudi Arabia. The monopoly of these airlines had proven the most contentious point of the subsidy, with some claiming that the real beneficiary is Air India as the subsidy is actually a discount on an overpriced air fare. In the past, the Haj board used to call for a bid to fly these Muslims to Mecca; for many years, Saudi Arabia (Saudi Arabian government owned airline) has been the lowest bidder. There were also requests by Muslims to withdraw subsidy, including from some Muslim Members of Parliament, since they believed it was unnecessary and provided poor quality service to Hajis. Since 2000, over 1.5 million Muslims have used the subsidy; since 2008, over 120,000 Indian Muslims every year made use of the subsidy. The Haj subsidy includes an airfare subsidy, as well as assistance to Muslim pilgrims for domestic travel to reach specially designed Haj departure airport terminals, meals, medical care and lodging assistance provided by the Government of India. The Indian government has created separate Haj air terminals for Muslim pilgrims for their convenience at major airports. The average airfare subsidy was about  per Muslim pilgrim in 2008, while the average non-airfare financial assistance was  per pilgrim. The total subsidy provided by the Government of India was US$1,815 per Muslim pilgrim in 2008. In a Central Haj Committee meeting in November 2017, it was decided that Haj subsidy would be completely phased out by 2018 and that the funds would be used for educational programmes, especially for girls in minority communities. On 16 January 2018, the Union minister for minority affairs confirmed that the Haj subsidy had been ended and that its funding would be used for educating girls from minority communities.

Paragraph 6: Rollason began feeling unwell in 1996 during an eight-week assignment to the US, where she was covering that year's Olympic and Paralympic Games. She was diagnosed with cancer of the colon in August 1997, which she was told had also spread to her liver. She was initially given three months to live, but confounded medical opinion by fighting the disease long after that. She underwent treatment with chemotherapy, but also used a combination of holistic therapies and diet to treat her condition. The cancer later metastasised to her lungs. Rollason continued to work throughout her illness, despite sessions of chemotherapy that left her feeling weak, and cited her work as the thing that had kept her going throughout her treatment. "I stay working because I love it, and because I feel best on the days when I'm busy. I'd far rather work than hang around the house – even though there are days when I can hardly get out of bed." She presented sports bulletins for BBC News, wrote a weekly column about her illness for the Sunday Mirror Magazine and worked on a book about her experience that she hoped would help others diagnosed with the disease. She cited the determination of the many disabled athletes she had got to know through her work as having given her the strength of mind to fight her illness. In October 1998, the BBC aired a special edition of its QED documentary series titled Hope for Helen, which followed her as she underwent a course of treatment. The film earned her much support from the public for her courage. in December 1998, colleagues paid tribute to an emotional-looking Rollason during the BBC's Sports Review of the Year, a compliment that produced mixed feelings for the presenter. She later wrote of the incident, "I felt a mixture of horror, embarrassment and incredible warmth towards my colleagues that they should think of doing this".

Paragraph 7: Executives at BCTV also perceived a Toronto-bias in the production of CTV National News, and as such continued to push for a Vancouver-based national newscast. The station produced pilots for CTV's board in 1990; however, the proposal was turned down by the network. As a result, WIC decided in 1993 to launch its own early evening semi-national newscast, Canada Tonight. The newscast was a joint production of BCTV and WIC's recently acquired CHCH in Hamilton, Ontario, and was co-anchored by Tony Parsons and CHCH's Donna Skelly; it also aired on WIC's independent stations in Alberta. However, as BCTV, CITV in Edmonton and CHCH were all uplinked to satellite by Cancom (now Shaw Broadcast Services) for nationwide distribution, this meant many could watch the program via their cable companies (if they carried one of the three stations outside of their primary areas, as a superstation) or satellite dishes, thus expanding the newscast's reach.

Paragraph 8: During the season 3 finale, she discovers Claire Meade had an illegitimate child with Cal Hartley and plans to use this information to force Claire to step out of her sudden position of power. However, Claire artfully fixes the situation for herself and confesses everything to Cal first, including how Wilhelmina used the information for attempted blackmail. As a result, Wilhelmina goes back to being under heavy suspicion with the company. At the end of the finale, she is seen hiring a manhunter to track down Connor, stating she feels the only way she can keep her position in the company is to find Connor...dead or alive, and take back the lost money in order to push Cal out. After the manhunter leaves, she is seen walking into a room, and upon seeing someone, drops her shot glass, obviously shocked at this mystery person's appearance. In the season 4 premiere however, we found out that it was her daughter Nico, who was covered in blood as she had just killed her boyfriend. In Plus None we find out that Nico didn't really kill her boyfriend, she is just trying to extort money from Wilhelmina, with her boyfriend posing as a private investigator blackmailing the Slaters. In desperation, Wilhelmina planned to flee the country with Nico, and resigned from her position at Mode effective after the upcoming "Fearless shoot" in the Bahamas. However, Marc later overheard Nico and her boyfriend scheming, and after initially refusing to believe him, Wilhelmina set a trap for Nico by showing her an expensive family heirloom that they could use to pay off the blackmailer. Nico took the bait, and was caught red-handed and confessed to everything. Wilhelmina later learned from Claire Meade that Connor had been found dead in Panama, and having lost everything, Wilhelmina broke down in tears.  After Marc demanded a vacation, Wilhelmina forced Betty into becoming her assistant on the Bahama's trip, but after learning that her rival had taken a job she desired, Wilhelmina momentarily gave up, and began eating cheeseburgers on a private beach, only to be approached by Connor, alive and well. The pair shared a romantic trip together, and planned to escape together, but moments before their boat arrived, the police arrived having received a tip off that Connor was at the hotel, and realizing he had been caught, he insisted that Wilhelmina pretend that she had been the one to turn him in, in order to get her position back at Mode.

Paragraph 9: We hold that the statute, as construed and applied to the appellants, deprives them of their liberty without due process of law in contravention of the Fourteenth Amendment. The fundamental concept of liberty embodied in that Amendment embraces the liberties guaranteed by the First Amendment. The First Amendment declares that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. The Fourteenth Amendment has rendered the legislatures of the states as incompetent as Congress to enact such laws. The constitutional inhibition of legislation on the subject of religion has a double aspect. On the one hand, it forestalls compulsion by law of the acceptance of any creed or the practice of any form of worship. Freedom of conscience and freedom to adhere to such religious organization or form of worship as the individual may choose cannot be restricted by law. On the other hand, it safeguards the free exercise of the chosen form of religion. Thus the Amendment embraces two concepts,—freedom to believe and freedom to act. The first is absolute but, in the nature of things, the second cannot be. Conduct remains subject to regulation for the protection of society.  The freedom to act must have appropriate definition to preserve the enforcement of that protection. In every case the power to regulate must be so exercised as not, in attaining a permissible end, unduly to infringe the protected freedom. No one would contest the proposition that a state may not, by statute, wholly deny the right to preach or to disseminate religious views. Plainly such a previous and absolute restraint would violate the terms of the guarantee. It is equally clear that a state may by general and non-discriminatory legislation regulate the times, the places, and the manner of soliciting upon its streets, and of holding meetings thereon; and may in other respects safeguard the peace, good order and comfort of the community, without unconstitutionally invading the liberties protected by the Fourteenth Amendment.

Paragraph 10: Weddell seals measure about  long and weigh . They are amongst the largest seals, with a rather bulky body and short fore flippers relative to their body length. Males weigh less than females, usually about  or less. Male and female Weddell seals are generally about the same length, though females can be slightly larger. However, the male seal tends to have a thicker neck and a broader head and muzzle than the female. A molecular genetic-based technique has been established to confirm the sex of individuals in the laboratory. The Weddell seal face has been compared to that of a cat due to a short mouth line and similarities in the structure of the nose and whiskers.

Paragraph 11: PA 441 crosses the Conewago Creek into Londonderry Township in Dauphin County and continues north between farmland and some woods to the east and the Norfolk Southern Royalton Branch and the Susquehanna River to the west. The route passes to the east of Three Mile Island, which is the location of the former Three Mile Island Nuclear Generating Station, the site of a partial nuclear meltdown in 1979. Past the former nuclear power plant, the road curves northwest and then north as it runs through wooded areas of homes with the river and railroad tracks to the west of the road. PA 441 crosses the Royalton Branch at-grade and enters the borough of Royalton, heading northwest through residential areas along Canal Street. The route becomes parallel to Amtrak's Keystone Corridor railroad line to the east and crosses the Swatara Creek into the borough of Middletown. Here, PA 441 follows Ann Street northwest and intersects South Union Street, passing through residential areas. The road curves north and comes to a bridge over Norfolk Southern's Royalton Branch, Amtrak's Keystone Corridor, and the Middletown and Hummelstown Railroad at the Middletown station serving the Amtrak line before it reaches an intersection with PA 230. At this point, PA 441 turns east to form a concurrency with PA 230 along West Main Street, a three-lane road with a center left-turn lane, running along the border between Lower Swatara Township to the north and Middletown to the south. The road passes north of the Middletown station along Amtrak's Keystone Corridor before it heads northeast away from the railroad tracks and fully enters Middletown. PA 230/PA 441 passes businesses before running through residential areas as a two-lane road. PA 441 splits from PA 230 by turning north onto North Union Street. The route passes more homes and heads to the east of a cemetery, becoming the border between Lower Swatara Township to the west and the borough of Middletown to the east as it continues north and comes to a bridge over the Pennsylvania Turnpike (I-76).

Paragraph 12: In the UEFA Cup, luck smiled at AEK as they were drawn for the first round with the Albanian Vllaznia Shkodër. Thus, in September they travel to Shkodër, where they faced bigger problems than the local team, contrary to the predictions of a very comfortable victory. Vllaznia surprised AEK and in the first twenty minutes, they put a lot of pressure on them. However, as the minutes went on and after the initial excitement of the Albanians, AEK leveled the game and took the away victory with a beautiful goal by Dimitriadis. The rematch in Nikos Goumas Stadium had already acquired a procedural character and the formality of the case ended very quickly, since only at the 8th minute Papaioannou eliminated any possibility of the Albanians taking a positive result. AEK cleared the obligation with a second goal and just waited for the draw for the second round of the competition. This time, the draw was tough against Aleksandr Mostovoi's and Valery Karpin's Spartak Moscow. In the vast and cold Luzhniki Stadium they managed to achieve a difficult goalless draw against Oleg Romanchev's squad. In Athens, the Russians took the lead in the 15th minute with a penalty by Mostovoi and everything seemed to be over. However, with a rare display of soul and crowd that overwhelmed the stadium, AEK managed to turn the game around in the last half hour of the match. The whole crowd believed it and transmitted their energy to the team and in the 64th minute the in-form Batista leveled the game and in an amazing atmosphere 11 minutes later, Dimitriadis gave AEK a qualifying score. In the minutes that followed, the Russians put an incredible amount of pressure on the goalposts of the Minou and missed many chances to turn the tables on their side, but AEK endured and eventually celebrated a huge qualification. For the next round, AEK were drawn against the historic Torino. In the first match at home the stadium was buzzing, AEK was carried away by the excitement and closed Toro in their frames. Finally, the goal would come after a powershot from Batista with the completion of the 22nd minute. AEK continued attacking at the same pace and which payed by the Italians' first counter attack. The shock was huge and before the team realized it, Torino completed the comeback. What followed was an attacking monologue by AEK, but the counter-type Italians managed to save their backs and just accept the equalizer from Šabanadžović. AEK arrived in Turin for the rematch knowing that their task was by definition difficult. They pressed on and worried Emiliano Mondonico's team, but early in the second half, Toro with an impressive header by Casagrande, ended the qualification case. Several years later and due to the preliminary investigation into the "Calciopolis" scandal, the then general manager of Torino, Luciano Mozzi, was accused of having also influenced the referees in Toro's European matches that season, securing favor for the Piedmontese club and in the games against AEK.

Paragraph 13: Minaya was subject to intense scrutiny and criticism from many in Major League Baseball and by the New York City media for his handling of the firing of Willie Randolph as the Mets manager. Many members of the media and fans criticized the timing of the decision, a day into a west coast road trip, and some referred to the late night episode as the Mets' "Midnight Massacre." He fired Randolph in Randolph's hotel room in California after Randolph finished managing the first game of the Mets series with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, a game which they won, 9-6. Minaya also fired pitching coach Rick Peterson and first base coach Tom Nieto. Randolph was removed from his position with no media present and the decision came to light through a press release from Minaya at 3:12am EST (12:12am PDT); as such, many of the Mets team members were unaware that this had transpired and, upon being informed (not by Mets management, but by various team reporters and commentators) expressed shock and disbelief. Randolph's job was in question for the two to three weeks prior to the decision being made, and the uncertainty of Randolph's job had been more at the forefront of the questions surrounding the team than the actual baseball they had been playing.  Jerry Manuel, Randolph's bench coach, was appointed the interim manager of the Mets. Coaches Ken Oberkfell (new first base coach), Dan Warthen (new pitching coach), and Luis Aguayo (new third base coach) also joined the team after this decision (Sandy Alomar Sr. became Manuel's bench coach). During his 5pm EST press conference from California, Minaya confirmed that Manuel would remain as the Mets manager during the remainder of the 2008 season. On October 3, 2008, it was reported that Manuel had agreed to a two-year deal to remain Mets manager, with a club option for a third year.

Paragraph 14: In the interest of creating the possibility of longer duration space flight, NASA has invested in the research and application of preventative space medicine, not only for medically preventable pathologies but trauma as well. Although trauma constitutes more of a life-threatening situation, medically preventable pathologies pose more of a threat to astronauts. "The involved crewmember is endangered because of mission stress and the lack of complete treatment capabilities on board the spacecraft, which could result in the manifestation of more severe symptoms than those usually associated with the same disease in the terrestrial environment. Also, the situation is potentially hazardous for the other crewmembers because the small, closed, ecological system of the spacecraft is conducive to disease transmission. Even if the disease is not transmitted, the safety of the other crewmembers may be jeopardized by the loss of the capabilities of the crewmember who is ill. Such an occurrence will be more serious and potentially hazardous as the durations of crewed missions increase and as operational procedures become more complex. Not only do the health and safety of the crewmembers become critical, but the probability of mission success is lessened if the illness occurs during flight. Aborting a mission to return an ill crewmember before mission goals are completed is costly and potentially dangerous."  Treatment of trauma may involve surgery in zero-gravity, which is a challenging proposition given the need for blood sample containment.  Diagnosis and monitoring of crew members is a particularly vital need.  NASA tested the rHEALTH ONE to advance this capability for on-orbit, travel to Moon and Mars.  This capability is mapped to Risk of Adverse Health Outcomes and Decrements in Performance Due to Medical Conditions that occur in Mission, as well as Long Term Health Outcomes Due to Mission Exposures.  Without an approach to perform onboard medical monitoring, loss of crew members may jeopardize long duration missions.

Paragraph 15: The MSC is a registered charity  and non-profit organisation  and depends on various sources of funding. From 1 April 2011 to 31 March 2012, the MSC's total income was £15 million. Total expenditure for the same period was £12 million. The MSC Board recognises it as generally good practice to hold reserves as a protection against any financial difficulties in the future. A reserves target of 6 to 9 months’ cover is considered to be necessary, at least as an aspiration, given the MSC's absence of a subscribing membership and uncertainty, as a market-based program, of its various income streams.

Paragraph 16: Moved to Green River, Kentucky, February 7, 1862, thence to the Ohio River, February 14, and to Cairo, Illinois, with Nelson's Division, Army of the Ohio, February 17–20. Detached from Division and moved to Commerce, Missouri, February 27-March 3. Siege of New Madrid, Missouri, March 5–14. Siege and capture of Island Number Ten, Mississippi River, March 15-April 8. Riddell's Point March 17. Garrison duty at New Madrid, Missouri, April 7 to June 14. Expedition down Mississippi River to Fort Pillow, Tennessee, May 19–23 (Detachment). Capture of Fort Pillow June 5 (Detachment). Moved to Memphis, Tenn., June 14–15. Expedition up White River, Ark., June 26-July 14. Action at Grand Prairie July 6–7. Near Duvall's Bluff July 7. Aberdeen July 9. Arrived at Helena July 14, and duty there until April, 1863. Expedition to Arkansas Post November 16–22, 1862. Ordered to Milliken's Bend, Louisiana, April 14. Movement on Bruinsburg and turning Grand Gulf April 25–30. Battle of Port Gibson May 1. Fourteen-Mile Creek May 12–13. Battle of Champion's Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Mississippi, May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Advance on Jackson, Mississippi, July 4–10. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. Ordered to New Orleans, Louisiana, August 4, thence to Brashear City September 12. Western Louisiana Campaign October 3-November 30. Grand Coteau October 19. Carrion Crow Bayou November 3. At New Iberia until December 19. Regiment reenlisted at New Iberia December 15. Moved to Pass Cavallo, Texas, December 23, 1863 – January 8, 1864, and duty there until February 21. Moved to New Orleans, Louisiana, February 21, and duty there until March 20. Veterans on furlough until May. Garrison duty at New Orleans until December 18. Ordered to Brazos, Santiago, Texas, December 18, and duty there until June 16, 1865. Expedition from Brazos, Santiago, May 11–14, 1865. Action at the Battle of Palmito Ranch, May 12–13, 1865 (last action of the war). White's Ranch May 13. March to Ringgold Barracks, 260 miles up the Rio Grande June 16–28. Duty at Ringgold Barracks until July 24, and at Brownsville, Texas, until February, 1866. Mustered out February 3, 1866.

Paragraph 17: Cyworld has exerted significant influence on Korea's Internet culture. The popular use of the term "cyholic" is indicative of this. Self-expression is a desire that Cyworld can satisfy; Cyworld has provided a cyber space where users can readily express their feelings to ilchons.  It also allows the viewer of another person's minihomepy to get satisfaction from learning about the other person's life; however, uploaded materials and diaries tend to be somewhat dissembling, if not pretentious, for the sake of gaining sympathy from other users.  Minihompies succeeded in functioning as social platforms through which users could express their personal traits and private thoughts. Another unique feature of Cyworld is the tracker displayed on the upper left-hand side of the minihomepy. It shows two numbers, called today (the number of visitors to the minihomepy on that day) and total (the total number of visitors to the minihomepy). If the number of visitors is high, the visitor assumes the owner of the minihomepage is popular.  Indeed, "What's his today?" was a popular phrase among Cyworld users as it was taken by many to be a sign of popularity. Online tools that manipulated such indicators of popularity were also produced: for instance, one service offered to increase the customer's today total by 20 a day,

Paragraph 18: The governance of the Sons of the American Revolution is made up of 10 National (General) Officers, 15 Vice-Presidents that preside over separate geographical regions and a Trustee elected from each state and international society. These officers meet several times over the year to discuss business pertaining to the society. The National Officers meet at least four times during their term of office, unless special meetings are called. The Trustees meet twice each year at the Society's Headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. These meetings, known as the Fall and Spring Leadership Meetings, are normally held in late September and early March. During the Leadership Meetings committee recommendations and the society's budget are approved. While only the National Officers, Vice-Presidents and Trustees have the right to vote on the floor, all SAR members are welcome to attend and may request appointment to committees. The National Officers and Trustees also meet during the National Congress held in late June or early July of each year. Unlike the Leadership Meetings which always take place at the Society's National Headquarters, the National Congress is held in different locations throughout the United States. Locations are often selected in order to honor a historical event in United States history or in the history of the SAR, and there is an effort to alternate the meetings between the Eastern and Western United States. The National Congress is responsible for electing the National Officers and approving changes to the Society's constitution, along with any other motions brought before it. In addition to the National Officers, Vice-Presidents and Trustees, State and International Society Presidents and specially elected delegates from each society also attend with voting privileges. The number of delegates are determined by each State or International Society's membership size.

Paragraph 19:  Software Engineering Competence Center is an Egyptian leading ICT organization aiming at bridging the gap between the technologies needed to overcome the economical-social-environmental challenges and the current existing technologies. In June 2001, SECC was inaugurated as part of the efforts sponsored by the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) to support Information Technology Industry in Egypt.In year 2005, SECC was merged into the Information Technology Industry Development Agency (ITIDA). ITIDA is a governmental organization developing IT industry in Egypt. It is significantly financed by the private ICT sector with significant presence of private ICT business representatives on its Board of Directors.

Paragraph 20: Various Ghats at the bank of river Narmada are hot spots of attraction for tourists and locals. Local ghats include Rangrez Ghat, Rapta Ghat, Nav Ghat, Nana Ghat and Sangam Ghat. Sahastradhara is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the locality of Mandla. The Garam Pani Kund situated 18 km from Mandla city is known for its abundant sulphur water well. Locals believe that water of the well was blessed by god Vishnu to cure the people suffered by plague spread in past. Apart from magical water, this place is surrounded with evergreen flora. Indian council of medical research (ICMR) concluded that water in well can cure various skin disease. The Ramnagar Fort / Mandla Fort was built in the late 17th century by the Gond Kings. It is constructed in a loop of the Narmada River. The main feature of this fort is its three- storey strategic construction. It was built on the banks of the Narmada river so that the river forms its defence from three sides. This fort is also known as Moti Mahal situated 24 km from Mandla city. Another fort, Begum Mahal is situated 3 km away from Moti Mahal is known for its three storeyed rectangular masterpiece of rajput-mughal architecture which was built for Chimney Rani. The marvellous black stones used to build Begum Mahal were taken from another spot of attraction, "Kala Pahad" situated 4 km from it. The Main Market of Mandla is known for its hand-craft goods. At the heart of Mandla city, lies Mandla Chowpati famous for delicious  Chaat and  Pawbhaji. Other snacks like dosha, kachodi, phulki and dhabeli are served at thela's. For accommodation there are many hotels and lodges in the city and Hotel Tourist (M.P.T) administered by state tourism in Mandla. Bamhni banjar is situated in mandla district and it is famous for  samosa . coffee house's rasmalai and other delicious foods

Paragraph 21: Simon's leave of absence from The Sun resulted in his first book Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets (1991). The book was based on his experiences shadowing the Baltimore Police Department homicide unit during 1988. The idea came from a conversation on Christmas Eve 1985 in the unit office, where Det. Bill Lansey told him, "If someone just wrote down what happens in this place for one year, they'd have a goddamn book." Simon approached the police department and the editors of the paper to receive approval. The detectives were initially slow to accept him, but he persevered in an attempt to "seem … like part of the furniture". However, he soon ingratiated himself with the detectives, saying in the closing notes of the book, "I shared with the detectives a year's worth of fast-food runs, bar arguments and station house humor: Even for a trained observer, it was hard to remain aloof." During one instance, Simon even assisted with an arrest. Two detectives Simon was riding with pulled their car to a curb to apprehend two suspects, but Detective Dave Brown got his trenchcoat caught in a seat belt when he tried to exit the car. Brown told Simon to assist Detective Terry McLarney himself, and Simon helped apprehend and search one of the suspects.

Paragraph 22: The Jammu Kashmir police arrested Khan while he was on his way from Anantnag. This evidence contradicted the claims made by Ahmedabad police who had arrested five individuals, namely, Salim Hanif Shaikh, Altaf Akbar Hussain Malek, Aadaam Suleman Ajmeri, Mufti Abdulqayyum Mansuri and Maulana Abdullamiya Sayyed involved in the case. The Ahmedabad police claimed that the Akshardham attack was planned in Riyadh and discussed in Ahmedabad. However, the Jammu Kashmir police claimed that the attack was planned in Anantnag. Chand Khan spoke to the Times of India while in custody and explained that he and two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants from Pakistan, Shakeel and Abdullah left Anantnag on 19 September 2002 for Ahmedabad in an Ambassador car (license no KMT-413), on orders from Lakshar's Anantnag commander Abdullah Mansoor. First, Chand Khan and the two militants went to Bareilly, his home town, to drop off his wife and daughter. Thereafter, they took a train to Jaipur on 21 September 2002. During their travels, they carried their weapons in a bedding roll. From Jaipur, the three men boarded a bus for Ahmedabad on 22 September 2002. Upon arriving in Ahmedabad on 23 September, they checked in at the Gulshan Guest House. At 2pm on 24 September, they checked out of the guest house and hired a taxi from the railway station to take them to the Akshardham Temple Complex. Shakeel and Abdullah got into it carrying the haversack with arms and ammunition. The two fidayeen militants then carried out the attack while Chand Khan headed back to Kashmir. Upon returning to Kashmir, the Anantnag LeT chief Yasin awarded Chand Khan Rs 30,000 in reward. Even though Chand Khan allegedly confessed and revealed the origins of the conspiracy, the Gujarat police believed the Khan, who was in the custody of Jammu Kashmir police was not telling the whole truth.

Paragraph 23: James Hervey Otey was born January 27, 1800, on a plantation near Fancy Farm in Bedford County, Virginia to Major Isaac Otey and Elizabeth Mathews. His paternal grandfather, Capt. John Armistead Otey, had served in the American Revolutionary War. Major Otey farmed using enslaved labor as well as represented Bedford County in the Virginia House of Delegates (part-time) for many terms beginning (1798-1804, 1805–1812), before attaining his military rank in the War of 1812. In 1807, Major Isaac Otey purchased Fancy Farm (including a distillery and grist mill) from the estate of Andrew Donald, a Scottish merchant who had built that plantation but died before his sons reached legal age. Major Otey or his heir of the same name also served as executor of the will of Thomas Dillard, who owned Fancy Farm 1817–1820. His son Isaac Otey Jr. would also operate plantations and serve five terms in the Virginia House of Delegates representing Bedford County. Isaac Otey purchased Mount Prospect plantation and other properties on the Otter River (altogether about 3000 acres) in 1818, then sold 1540 acres to his son John M. Otey in 1820 James Otey was among the youngest of his father's twelve children, and received a private education at the New London Academy at the county seat (then called Liberty, Virginia, now Bedford), before attending the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. In addition to receiving an A.B. and B.D., Otey was named a Bachelor of Belles Lettres".

Paragraph 24: Rockford operates a small private investigation service out of his beachside mobile home in Malibu, California.  The trailer was parked in the lot for  Paradise Cove next to a restaurant. To avoid confrontations with the LAPD, he will not take on open police cases. He also refuses to do domestic cases. He specializes instead in cold cases, missing person cases and small-time insurance scams. At one time, in addition to other clients, he worked on a retainer basis for a major insurance company, but the company scrapped the deal when a case went sour, and Rockford lost the annual income. He charges a flat rate of $200 a day plus expenses for each case, which, in a running gag, he seldom actually receives. Over the years he was involved in several cases for which his investigative efforts should have gained him significant bonuses, but he was never able to collect them. He is consistently shown to be short on money, or trying to keep creditors at bay; he typically wears sport coats and low-priced off-the-rack suits and his lone indulgences are an answering machine (the source of another running gag at the beginning of each episode) and the latest gold colored Pontiac Firebird Esprit automobile, traded in each year of the series for the newest model. (Garner did not like the look and handling of the 1979 model, so the 1978 was reused for the final season in 1979–80; this was an apparent use of product placement in the series.) Rockford is an outstanding driver, on several occasions getting out of tricky situations when being followed merely by skillfully maneuvering his vehicle away.

Paragraph 25: Alligator gar inhabit a wide variety of aquatic habitats, but most are found in the Southern United States in reservoirs and lakes, in the backwaters of lowland rivers, and in the brackish waters of estuaries, bayous, and bays. It occurs southward along the Gulf Coast of Texas, into Tamaulipas and northern Veracruz, Mexico, however, records from Nicaragua and Costa Rica are considered "suspect and refuted". They have occasionally been seen in the Gulf of Mexico. In Texas and Louisiana, large gars are commonly seen breaking the surface in reservoirs, bayous, and brackish marshes. They are found throughout the lower Mississippi River Valley and Gulf Coast states of the Southern United States and Mexico as far south as Veracruz, and encompassing the following states in the US: Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois, Florida, and Georgia. Reports suggest alligator gar were once numerous throughout much of their northern range, but valid sightings today are rare, and may occur once every few years. Records of historical distribution indicate alligator gar once inhabited regions as far north as central Kansas, Nebraska, Ohio, Iowa, and west-central Illinois, where they are now listed as extirpated.  The most northerly verified catch was in Meredosia, Illinois, in 1922. In 2016, there were efforts to reintroduce alligator gar between Tennessee and Illinois as part of an effort to control invasive Asian carp.

Paragraph 26: After forcing a punt, the Colts drove 80 yards in nine plays. James rushed for 17 yards on the drive, while Manning started it off with a 25-yard completion to tight end Marcus Pollard and finished it with a 23-yard touchdown pass to Harrison, giving the Colts a 21–3 lead with 11:07 left in the second quarter. Denver managed to move the ball to the Colts 36-yard line on their ensuing drive, but a 15-yard penalty on guard Dan Neil pushed them out of field goal range and forced them to punt. Micah Knorr managed to pin Indianapolis back at their own 13-yard line with his punt, but on the first play after that, Manning threw an 87-yard touchdown pass to Stokley. Plummer's 18-yard completion to Rod Smith helped the Broncos advance to the Indianapolis 37-yard line on Denver's next possession, but then he threw an interception to cornerback David Macklin, who returned it 21 yards to the Colts 45-yard line. After the turnover, Manning completed four passes for 48 yards, moving the ball to the Broncos 10-yard line where Mike Vanderjagt made a 27-yard field goal on the last play of the half, giving the Colts a 31–3 halftime lead.

Paragraph 27: In the neighbourhood there were at that time already eight old farmsteads; four of them lay west of the Örtze and four to the east of the river. The "Lutterhof"  and "Misselhorn", both east of the Örtze are still there today. The old "Rißmann's Hof", renamed the "Behrenssche Hof" in 1756 after its new owner, Johann Hinrich Behrens (1730–1808), also lay east of the Örtze. It was donated by its last owner, Heinrich Wilhelm Behrens, on 30 January 1854 to the Hermannsburg Mission. Behrens was trained as a missionary and in 1857 sent out with his family to South Africa. The farm, now called "Missionshof", was sold on 15 June 1967 by the Mission Centre of Hermannsburg (Missionsanstalt Hermannsburg) to the civil parish of Hermannsburg. It was demolished in order to build the secondary modern school here. In addition to the aforementioned eight old farmsteads (Einzelhöfe), there were also various so-called Sattelhöfe, tenant farms, at Oldendorf, Beckedorf, Schlüpke and Weesen, which had to provide manpower for the castle.

Paragraph 28: In October 1617 the question of sending out a chief commander to Bantam came before the council, and after discussing the relative merits of Sir Richard Hawkins, Sir Thomas Dale, and others, they requested the governor to confer with Best as the fittest of all. Best accepted the appointment, and agreed to sail again in the Red Dragon, but a complaint was presently lodged against him for having appointed his son as a master's mate. On this and other matters Best took high ground; he was summoned before the court, and after some discussion and his refusal to sign a bond for £6,000 to perform the articles agreed on, he was dismissed the company's service (26 November) He afterwards (27 January 1617–18) made his peace with them, but he does not seem to have again accepted any office under the company. It is probable that Best had already served in royal ships, and from this time he was actively employed under the crown. In 1623 he commanded the Garland (a 38/48-gun galleon, built in 1590), and when the fleet sailed for Spain to bring back Prince Charles, Best remained as senior officer in the Downs. He had previously been engaged in the prevention of piracy, or the pursuit of pirates, and he would probably have had more of the same duty, had not the insolence of the Dutch, in destroying a Dunkirk privateer at Leith and blockading another at Aberdeen, rendered it necessary to send a small force to the coast of Scotland. It was determined that Best was the proper man to command this expedition; but the Bonaventure, the only other ship available, was commanded by Sir William St Leger, who held that, as a knight, he could not be under the orders of Best. The commissioners of the navy recommended that St. Leger should be superseded in the Bonaventure by some captain of 'meaner quality.' Captain Christian, who had formerly commanded the Osiander with Best, was accordingly appointed in his place. The Garland and Bonaventure sailed from Margate on 30 June, and, having gone to Abereen, brought the blockaded Dunkirker to the Downs, closely attended by two of the Dutch ships, and when, on 29 July, the convoy attempted to run off by herself, the Dutchmen would have made a prize of her if Best had not beaten them off. He vowed vengeance, but the Dutch ships outsailed him. On 4 August they had all anchored in the Downs, the Dutch at some distance, when Best slipped alongside of them in the dark, and beat them out of the road. The next day the Dutch gathered in force, and threatened summary punishment, unless he could show the king's commission for what he had done. As naval commissions then, as now, were signed only by the admiralty, Best had not the authority the Dutch required, and to evade the difficulty he was ordered to bring the ships up to Gravesend. Eventually he was superseded, and the Dunkirker was sent home with a safe-conduct from the Dutch. In 1627 Best commanded the Vanguard (19 March 1626-7), which formed part of the fleet assembled at Portsmouth under Lord Willoughby, and in the disastrous expedition to Rhé in 1627.

Paragraph 29: He was educated at Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand, and at Auckland Teachers College.  He subsequently worked as a teacher in Fiji, before going into the civil service where he served from 1972 to 1980 in a number of government departments.  He was also a member of the Council of the University of the South Pacific in Suva from 1974 to 1980.  He was Fiji's Ambassador to the United States and the United Nations from 1980 to 1983, when he became a project administrator of the Pacific Islands Development Program in Honolulu, Hawaii, where he remained till 1986.

Paragraph 30: Seth MacFarlane voices three of the show's main characters, Peter Griffin, Brian Griffin and Stewie Griffin. He has stated that he already knew what kind of voice he was looking for the main characters so it was easier to do it himself. Peter's voice is inspired by the voice of a security guard MacFarlane overheard talking while attending the Rhode Island School of Design. Stewie's voice was based on the voice of English actor Rex Harrison, particularly based on Harrison's performance in the 1964 musical drama film My Fair Lady. Brian's voice is MacFarlane's regular speaking voice. In addition MacFarlane provides the voice of various recurring and one-time characters, most prominently those of the Griffin's neighbor Glenn Quagmire, news anchor Tom Tucker and Lois' father Carter Pewterschmidt. Alex Borstein voices Lois Griffin, Asian television correspondent Tricia Takanawa, Loretta Brown and Lois' mother Barbara Pewterschmidt. Borstein was asked to provide a voice for the pilot while she was working on Mad TV. She had not met MacFarlane or seen any artwork and said it was "really sight unseen". At the time, she was doing a stage show in Los Angeles, in which she played a redhead mother, whose voice she had based on one of her cousins. The voice was originally slower, when MacFarlane heard it, he replied "Make it a little less ... annoying ... and speed it up, or every episode will last four hours". Seth Green primarily plays Chris Griffin and Jewish pharmacist Neil Goldman. Green admittedly did an impression of the Buffalo Bill character from the thriller film The Silence of the Lambs during his audition. His main inspiration for Chris' voice was how "Buffalo Bill" would sound if he worked at a drive-thru in a McDonald's (speaking through a PA system). Mila Kunis and Lacey Chabert have both played the voices of Meg Griffin. Lacey Chabert voiced Meg Griffin for the first production season (15 episodes). However, because of a contractual agreement, she was never credited. Chabert left the series due to time constraints with her acting role in Party of Five, as well as schoolwork, while Kunis won the role after auditions, a slight rewrite of the character and because of her performance on That '70s Show. MacFarlane called Kunis back after her initial audition asking her to speak slower; she was called back again later, this time instructed to enunciate more. Kunis said that she had it under control, and MacFarlane hired her. In an interview with a Sun Media correspondent in 2007, Kunis was asked about her character and said: "She's the scapegoat". "Meg gets picked on a lot. But it's funny. It's like the middle child. She is constantly in the state of being an awkward 14-year-old, when you're kind of going through puberty and what-not. She's just in perpetual mode of humiliation. And it's fun."