Paragraph 1: In his first game with the Dodgers, playing center field, Bradley went 2-for-3, with two singles and two walks. On June 1, he was ejected from a game by home plate umpire Terry Craft for arguing over balls and strikes. After being restrained by manager Jim Tracy, he returned to the dugout and threw a ball bag onto the field. Bradley was suspended for four games and Tracy for one game. On September 19, he hit a 479-foot home run against the Colorado Rockies in Coors Field. On September 28, during a home game against the Rockies, Bradley mishandled a line drive and was charged with an error. A fan threw a bottle at Bradley, who left his position in right field, picked up the bottle and threw it into the stands, yelling at the fan. Bradley was immediately ejected from the game. The next day, MLB suspended him for the remainder of the season and fined him an undisclosed amount. In postseason play, he hit .273 with a home run while the Dodgers lost the National League Division Series to the St. Louis Cardinals three games to one. He finished the 2004 season batting .267 with 19 home runs and 67 RBIs, but was caught stealing 11 times, tying for eighth most in MLB.

Paragraph 2: Reflected solar energy was measured in six channels to sense color caused by absorption due to chlorophyll, sediments, and colored dissolved organic matter in coastal waters. The CZCS used a rotating plane mirror at a 45-degree angle to the optic axis of a Cassegrain telescope. The mirror scanned 360 degrees but only the 80 degrees of data centered on nadir were collected for ocean color measurements. The instrument viewed deep space and calibration sources during the remainder of the scan. The incoming radiation was collected by the telescope and divided into two streams by a dichroic beam splitter. One stream was transmitted to a field stop that was also the entrance aperture of a small polychromator. The radiance that entered the polychromator was separated and re-imaged in five wavelengths on five silicon detectors in the focal plane of the polychromator. The other stream was directed to a cooled mercury cadmium telluride detector in the thermal region (10.5–12.5 micrometer). A radiative cooler was used to cool the thermal detector. To avoid sun glint, the scanner mirror was tilted about the sensor pitch axis on command so that the line of sight of the sensor was moved in 2-degree increments up to 20 degrees with respect to the nadir. Spectral bands at 0.443 and 0.670 micrometers centered on the most intense absorption bands of chlorophyll, while the band at 0.550 micrometers centered on the "hinge point," the wavelength of minimum absorption. Ratios of measured energies in these channels were shown to closely parallel surface chlorophyll concentrations. Data from the scanning radiometer were processed, with algorithms developed from the field experiment data, to produce maps of chlorophyll absorption. The temperatures of coastal waters and ocean currents were measured in a spectral band centered at 11.5 micrometers. Observations were made also in two other spectral bands, 0.520 micrometers for chlorophyll correlation and 0.750 micrometers for surface vegetation. The scan width was 1556 km centered on nadir and the ground resolution was 0.825 km at nadir.

Paragraph 3: 1963 Zero in amore / Come un tramonto1963 Tu dirai/Sei ore1964 Come ti vorrei/La nostra spiaggia1964 Credi/Resta sola come sei1964 Come ti vorrei / Chi potrà amarti1965 I tuoi anni più belli / Un altro giorno verrà 1965 Accarezzami amore / Mi cercherai1965 Caro mio / Non tornar mai1966 La notte dell'addio / Caldo è l'amore1966 Fra noi / Gold Snake1966 Ma pecché / Tu saje a verità1966 Monete d’oro / Ci amiamo troppo1967 Non pensare a me / Vita1967 Quel momento / Dove è lui1967 Le montagne (ci amiamo troppo) / Vivere non-vivere1967 Dolcemente / Come stai bene e tu?1968 Per vivere / Non accetterò1968 Amore amor / Sleeping1968 La felicità / Anche così1968 La felicità / Ci vuole così poco1968 Senza catene / Diverso dagli altri1969 Zingara / Io sogno1969 Due grosse lacrime bianche / Tienimi con te1969 Un bacio sulla fronte / Accanto a te1969 Che vuoi che sia / Perché mai1969 Vivrò / Estasi d'amore1970 L'arca di Noé / Aria di settembre1970 Un uomo senza tempo / Un attimo1970 Un fiume amaro / Il sogno é fumo1970 Un fiume amaro / Tienimi con te1970 Una storia di mezzanotte / Il bimbo e la gazzella1971 La riva bianca e la riva nera / Tu non-sei più innamorato di me1971 Coraggio e paura / Sciogli i cavalli al vento1972 Ma che amore / Il mio bambino1972 Nonostante lei / Non scordarti di me1972 Alla mia gente / Dall'amore in poi1972 La mia sera / Il sole splende ancora1972 Mi ha stregato il viso tuo / A te1973 I mulini della mente / Basterà1973 Le giornate dell'amore / Chi mi manca é lui1973 Fred Bongusto:White Christmas/ Natale dura un giorno1974 L'indifferenza / Sarà domani1974 Ciao cara come stai? / Vendetta1974 Testarda io / Sei tornato a casa tua1975 Testarda io / E la notte é qui1975 Io sarò la tua idea / Jesus1976 Mamma tutto / Dormi,amore dormi1976 I discorsi tuoi / Confessioni1977 Arrivederci padre / Che uomo sei1977 Munasterio 'e Santa Chiara / 'O destino1977 Mal d'amore / Selvaggio1978 Con la voglia di te / Sei contento1979 Per te / Pronto 1131979 La valigia / Ditemi1979 A parte il fatto / Capirai1981 Ardente / E tu mai1983 Aria di luna / Amico1984 Chi (mi darà) / Comandante1984 Quando arriverà / Sera di vento1985 Da domani senza te / Aria di luna1987 Volo / Uomini e no2001 Ho bisogno di te 2009 Ti voglio senza amoreSanremo Music Festival

Paragraph 4: Vaisala originated in the 1930s when Professor Vilho Väisälä (1889–1969), Vaisala's founder and long-time managing director, invented some of the operating principles of a radiosonde. He sent the first Finnish radiosonde aloft in December 1931. After the first sounding, Väisälä continued with further development and tests until a radiosonde could be brought into production and deliveries started in 1936. From the very start, Vaisala was an international business, exporting 95 percent of the production. As the Vaisala radiosonde became internationally renowned, the demand for them increased. In 1944, Prof. Väisälä established a company called Mittari Oy ("Gauge Incorporated") and set up manufacturing facilities for radiosonde systems.  The first sounding system included a semi-automatic radiosonde receiver, a calibration device and a ground check set. The company employed 13 people at the time. Later, in 1955, the name of Mittari was changed to Vaisala.

Paragraph 5: Unlike other Indian mythological films which were based on the Hindu epics or the Puranic scriptures, Jai Santoshi Maa was based on a popular pamphlet about the vrata katha (legend of the ritual fast) of Santoshi Mata's Friday vrata. The vrata katha is as follows: An old woman had seven sons, the youngest of whom was irresponsible so she served him the leftovers of his brother's meals as his daily meal. The wife of the youngest son learned of this and told her husband, who left the house to seek his fortune. He acquired work with a merchant and became wealthy, but forgot about his wife. His wife was tormented by her in-laws in absence of her husband. Once, she learned of the sixteen-week Santoshi Ma vrata and performed it. As a result, Santoshi Mata appeared in her husband's dream and informed him of his wife's plight. He returned home wealthy and set up a separate household with his wife. In the udyapan ceremony of the vrata, the in-laws plotted against the wife and served sour food to the eight boys, offending Santoshi Mata. As a consequence, her husband was arrested. The wife re-performed the vrata and the udyapan. Her husband was released from prison and she soon bore a son. Once, the goddess visited the family, in a terrifying form; while the in-laws fled, the wife recognized the goddess and worshipped her. Then the in-laws asked forgiveness of the goddess and the whole family was blessed by the goddess. A. K. Ramanujan calls this tale with nameless characters as "the most interior kind of folktales: those generally told by women within domestic space." The vrata katha also does not associate the goddess with Ganesha—the god of obstacle removal and beginnings, who is described as her father in the film and other devotee literature.

Paragraph 6: Arthur O'Neill in his memoirs gives the following interesting account of Mongan and his family: "In my travels I became acquainted with a Dominic Mungan, I may say I had known him since I was twelve years old. He was born blind in the County of Tyrone, and a real good harper. He was a Roman Catholic. I presume my following reason will plead an apology for mentioning his religion. He was a great economist, but would spend money as genteelly as any man occasionally. He had three sons, Mark, John, and Terence, whom he educated in the first style. Mark was educated for a priest, and finished his studies in France, in the College of Lombard, where he obtained upwards of forty premiums for his translations of Greek into French. After he finished his studies he came home, but in consequence of his intense application he fell into a decay, and died in his father's house in Strabane. John, the second son, was bred a physician, and practised in and about Monaghan, and the adjacent country, with good reputation. About five years ago as he was returning from the races of Middleton in Monaghan in his gig he was upset and smashed to pieces. Terence, the third and youngest son, is now Bishop of Limerick, and was formerly Dean of Ardagh. He had a good delivery, sung well, and acquired great interest. He and a priest O'Beirne, who was Chaplain to Lord Fitzwilliam when Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, were promoted to their present ranks of Protestant Bishops. Now my reason for mentioning the Roman Catholic persuasion is this, that the doctor and the bishop both read their recantations; the doctor before and the bishop after their father's death. He in his lifetime used to travel the north-west circuit with his harp, and at one time, as he was playing for one of the Judges, he asked Dominic his reasons for not speaking to his son, the doctor, since he turned Protestant. 'My Lord' says Dominic, 'I spared no expense on him when he was unable to provide for himself; and assure your Lordship, I am no bigot; but I think it was his duty to consult me before he changed his religion. It was not, however, for the sake of religion he did so, but he fell in love with a young lady who was a Protestant. She informed him she could not have him as he was a Papist, on which he read his recantation, and then demanded her hand, on which, to his mortification, she scornfully informed him that she would be sorry to marry a turncoat."

Paragraph 7: Many political refugees who had headed for Moscow to escape the Nazis in the 1930s had ended up in internal exile, and would still have months or years to wait at the end of the war before they would be able to leave the Soviet Union.  However, there was one group of 30 men who had spent the war years in Moscow and who remained on good terms with the Soviet leadership.  These men were flown back to Berlin by the Soviets, under conditions of great secrecy, on 30 April 1945, a week before the formal end of the war.  Much later these men came to be known as the Ulbricht Group, and during the decade 1945/55 it turned out that they had arrived with a very detailed plan for the future of Germany.  After a series of confrontations in 1949 it became clear that the United States and its allies could and would block the extension of the group's nation building programme across the western part of Germany.  Nevertheless, within the area administered, till 1949, as the Soviet occupation zone, by the time the German Democratic Republic was founded, the entire region had been established, in its basic essentials, as a Soviet-style one-party "communist" state.  As cold war tensions intensified, the East German leaders who had spent the war in Moscow grew increasingly mistrustful of those comrades who had not.  The most high-profile victim of this development was probably Paul Merker, but there were others lower down in the power structure who also found themselves branded as  "Westemigranten" ("Western emigrants") as Walter Ulbricht, backed by his immediate circle sought to consolidate their power base.  On 20 October 1949 the Politburo removed Heinz Schmidt from his post at Berlin Radio, citing his "nationalistic arrogance" and "insufficient political vigilance" ("nationalistischer Überheblichkeit [und] ungenügender politischer Wachsamkeit").  Between 1950 and 1955 he was retained on the books at Berlin Radio under a "provisional contract" in the production department.  What actually happened was that he was relocated to Schwerin in the extreme north of the country, accompanied by his wife.  In Schwerin Heinz was employed in a relatively low-grade position as head of the Arts and Culture section at the Regional Headquarters of the Machine and tractor station.  (Agricultural land had been taken over by the state, but tractors and other farm equipment were separately acquired, maintained and allocated as required, so that the Machine and tractor stations, became vital strategic elements in the rural economy of East Germany, just as they already were in the Soviet Union.)  Eva gave birth to the couple's son in May 1950.  Following that she was employed as a section leader in the regional head office of a trade organisation.  However, in 1951 she was given a job much closer to her heart, as head of the Mother and Child Health Protection Department at the Ministry for Health Care office covering Mecklenburg.  Her talent for extreme multi-tasking was again on display during her time in Mecklenburg, as Eva Schmidt-Kolmer combined her day job with a programme of intensive research on themes involving child health and protection.  On 11 July 1952 she received her doctorate: her dissertation was entitled "Health protection for mother and child" ("Gesundheitsschutz für Mutter und Kind").

Paragraph 8: In 1996, he joined Anthony Rapp, Adam Pascal, Daphne Rubin-Vega, Taye Diggs, Wilson Jermaine Heredia, and Idina Menzel in the Broadway cast of Rent. His roles included Gordon in "Life Support", the man in "Christmas Bells", Mr. Grey in "La Vie Boheme", and others. His voice can be heard on the original Broadway cast recording of Rent. He appeared with the rest of the cast to perform "Seasons of Love" and "La Vie Boheme" at the 1996 Tony Awards. Among the four awards the show won that evening was a Tony Award for Best Musical. The original cast has reunited to celebrate the show's 5th and 10th anniversaries in special one-night concerts. Parker joined the original cast at the Final Broadway Production of Rent, where the final cast and original cast sang an encore of "Seasons of Love".

Paragraph 9: Hawaiian culture-based schools have been working towards restoring the holistic health of Hawaiian communities and nationhood. Hālau Kū Māna is an accredited Hawaiian culture-based public charter school founded in 1999.  As one of the foundations of the Hawaiian resistance, aloha ʻāina has been one of the ethical practices that educators in Hālau Kū Māna have sought to base their curriculum and educational programs. Aloha ʻāina reestablishes acceptance and implementation of traditional values and connects people back to the ʻāīna. Aloha ʻāina also expresses the commitment to the protection and maintenance of the wellbeing of the natural world and political autonomy.  Sovereign pedagogies recognizes the importance of sovereignty on a personal and collective level for the wellbeing and learning of indigenous people. Pedagogies of aloha ʻāina implemented by educators in Hālau Kū Māna, have allowed students to cultivate meaningful relationships with the places they are visiting and working on, while at the same time examining and studying the natural world. ʻĀina-based pedagogies have also taught students to acknowledge and actively communicate with the ʻāina that is living, through chants, gifts, and work.  As part of the holistic practice of aloha ʻāina in Hālau Kū Māna, educators engage students with contemporary Hawaiian politics, to allow them to confront controversial social issues.  Social movements in Hawaii can assure people who are marginalized and oppressed can secure authority over their educational futures. Aloha ʻāina has been a practice of Kanaka Maoli survivance that helped to develop the Hawaiian sovereignty movement. It is also part of the Hawaiian consciousness that is a symbol of cultural identity that helps to unite Hawaiians. The teaching, learning, and mastery of reading, writing, and printing for Hawaiians has enabled them to capture and preserve older knowledge forms that would have been lost. This has also helped to create new ways to express aloha ʻāina in new frameworks and rebuild the nation.

Paragraph 10: Whilst their friends enjoy their youth and freedom, Katie and Andy settle down and decide to prove that they are old enough to have an adult relationship by having a baby, Katie falls pregnant but miscarries before leaving to stay with her mother, Caroline (Daryl Fishwick). She eventually returns and she and Andy reconcile. Andy then proposes to Katie and she accepts. When her father Brian (Martin Reeve), moves away for a new job, Katie chooses to stay with Andy and moves in with the Sugdens. When Andy turns 17, he takes over the tenancy of Butler's Farm and he and Katie move into together but the farm becomes Andy's priority. Katie is also put out when Andy's half-brother Daz Eden (Luke Tittensor) moves in with them and the couple struggle to deal with his delinquent behavior. Andy begins to neglect Katie so she is persuaded to have an affair with Robert. Daz sees Robert and Katie together and tells Andy. Desperate to keep the affair secret, Katie persuades Andy to put Daz back into care but ends the affair and marries Andy in February 2004. She later discover Andy's affair with Debbie Dingle, and had nearly divorce, after discovering Debbie's was pregnant with his child. Katie fights her feelings for Robert and tries to make her marriage work but is jealous when Robert dates her friend Donna, in order to expose her true feelings. The affair starts up again but the couple are caught by Robert and Andy's younger sister, Victoria (Hannah Midgley). Robert convinces Victoria to keep quiet and in frustration, Katie shouts at her, leaving her too scared to speak. Eventually, Katie is fed up with living a lie and plans to leave Andy. He finds her goodbye note and confronts her and she and Robert admit their affair, leaving him heartbroken. Donna is also enraged when she finds out and tries to attack Katie in the pub. Katie moves into a caravan with Robert. When everyone turns against her, Katie leaves for a while and gets engaged to Robert on her return. Katie gets a job working as a personal assistant for the King family. However, unbeknownst to Katie, Robert has an affair with Sadie King (Patsy Kensit). Cain finds out and tells Andy, who tells Katie. When she does not believe him, he attacks Robert and tries to force him to tell the truth but Robert insists that Andy is lying. However, Katie learns the truth when she finds text messages from Sadie on Robert's phone. Heartbroken, Katie ends their relationship and throws a drink over Sadie in the pub. Donna also forgives Katie and they repair their friendship, united by their hatred of Robert. Katie then has a one-night stand with Andy, after discussing their marriage and Andy suggests reconciling but Katie refuses, choosing instead to join her father, and they part on good terms. Katie says goodbye to Donna and Robert begs her to stay but she leaves with Cain's sister Chas (Lucy Pargeter).

Paragraph 11: In 1982-1983, Sumners showed improvement in compulsory figures. She won Skate America, defeating strong competitors including Claudia Leistner and Kristina Wegelius. She took the bronze at Skate Canada, that was won by Vikki De Vries, after several falls in the long program. She won silver behind Katarina Witt at NHK, after a pair of lackluster performances. By U.S Nationals though, Rosalynn was at her best, her jumps showing improved fitness and power, easily defending her title over reigning World Champion and 1981 U.S Champion Elaine Zayak, winning all three phases (compulsory figure, short program, long program). Especially impressive was her short program, delivering a clean performance including a triple jump combination for the only time of her career in the short, earning mostly 5.9s on both technical and artistic marks. At the World Championships that year she came in as one of the favorites, winning her first and only World title. She won the figures and 4th in the short due a missed triple jump combination she had previously executed well at Nationals, then winning the long program. Her main rivals were Elaine Zayak, who withdrew with injury after 11th place in figures, and Katarina Witt who finished 4th overall after placing 8th place in figures, despite a 1st place in the short, and 2nd to Rosalynn (on a 5-4 split) in the final long program.

Paragraph 12: Since this was Toyoda's first production vehicle at the loom works factory, there were still many problems to be solved. When the first production examples were driven to Tokyo for the motor show, they were packed with many spare parts. These spare parts were in case something broke during the trip - luckily only a few replacement parts were required. Early sales were mostly to people who were sympathetic to local manufacturers and who were willing to endure many failures. To support them, design engineers from the factory were often sent to do repairs in order to learn which parts needed the most attention. For example, broken rear axle housings were common until new welding methods were developed. Repairs were done for free and sometimes entire trucks were replaced for free. Rectifications were then applied as running changes on the production line, reflecting Toyota's "5 Whys" problem solving philosophy.

Paragraph 13: When Habbus died in 1038, Samuel ibn Naghrillah made certain that King Habbus’ second son Badis ibn Habus succeeded him, not his first born son Bulukkin. The reason behind this act was that Badis was more favored by the people, compared to Bulukkin, with the general Jewish population under Samuel ibn Naghrillah supporting Badis. In return for his support, Badis made Samuel ibn Naghrillah his vizier and top general. Some sources say that he held office as a viziership of state for over three decades until his death sometime around or after 1056. Because Jews were not permitted to hold public office in Islamic nations as an agreement made in the Pact of Umar, that Samuel ibn Naghrillah, a Jew or dhimmi, should hold such a high public office was rare. His example was used to support the Golden Age theory, regarding Jewish life under Muslim rule, rather than the lachrymose view. His unique position as the viziership made him the highest ranking Jewish courtier in all of Spain. Recognizing this, in the year of 1027, he took on the title of nagid, or Prince. The peculiar fact regarding his position as the top general in the Granada army was that he was a Jew. That a Jew would command the Muslim army, which he did for 17 years, having them under his authority, was an astonishing feat. Other leading Jews, including Joseph ibn Migash, in the generation that succeeded Samuel ha-Nagid, lent their support to Bulukkin and were forced to flee for their safety.

Paragraph 14: The reader is introduced to friends and colleagues Bunzō and Noboru, who both work as low-ranking government officials in Tokyo. Bunzō has just lost his job for no apparent reason, startled because he considers himself to be more educated than the majority of the staff, while another colleague was fired for talking back to the supervisor. He returns to his home at his uncle Magobei's house, where he has been raised since the death of his father. The only other persons in the house are his aunt Omasa, Magobei's and Omasa's daughter Osei, and maid Onabe (Magobei is seldom at home due to his job, while their son is attending a boarding school). Osei, who is described as a volatile and superficial character, has just reached the age to get married. Bunzō has been in love with Osei for a long time, but although she treats him kindly and her parents have hinted at their endorsement of a possible marriage, Bunzō has not found the courage to tell Osei of his feelings. He receives a letter from his mother who lives in the countryside, in which she expresses her hope that, once he has married and settled down, he will take her in with him. When Bunzō finally finds the right moment to tell Omasa of his dismissal, she blames his pride and nonconformity as the reasons for this and points to the career-orientated Noboru as a positive example. She reminds him of his responsibility for his old mother, while the subject of a possible marriage with Osei is not touched upon anymore by her. A bit later, Noboru pays a visit to give the news of his promotion. Omasa suggests to visit the chrysanthemum displays at Dangozaka together the day after tomorrow and, after Noboru has left, tries to awaken Osei's interest in the successful young man.

Paragraph 15: The D11N was introduced in February 1986 to replace the D10. The D11N had some major improvements over the D10: it includes a bigger track and blade, and a longer track by . The U blade was just under  long and  high.  This increased the blade capacity to . The D11N's weight was . It was powered by a ,  3508 V-8 diesel engine. The D11N's improvements made it over 10 percent more productive than the D10. In 1987 a hydraulically powered impact ripper was added to the D11N which raised the weight up to . This would become known as the D11N Impact Ripper.

Paragraph 16:  Twenty four hours after receipt El Salvador embassy Jewish First Secretary George Mantello (Mandel) publicized what has now been called the Wetzler-Vrba Report included in the Auschwitz Protocol. Unfortunately, he received the report with much delay. Other Jews and Jewish/Zionist organizations that received it early did not make effective use of the information and some, like Rudolf Kastner tried to suppress the information. Mantello's action ignited significant large street protests in Switzerland, led to over 400 glaring headlines in Switzerland deploring Europe's barbarism and the sermons in many Swiss churches spoke about their "brothers and sisters": the Jews. Though the International Red Cross hesitated to intervene, others—including Pope Pius XII and King Gustav V of Sweden made personal appeals to Hungary's Regent Miklós Horthy. He received credible threats from Churchill and Roosevelt. Horthy then stopped the transports carrying about 12,000 Jews per day to Auschwitz. "By then, the Hungarian provinces had been cleared. Almost 440,000 Jews were gone, but most of Budapest's 230,000 Jews were still in the capital." Horthy then "offered to permit emigration of all Jewish children under ten who possessed visas to other countries, and all Jews of any age who possessed Palestine certificates." Although Sweden, Switzerland, and the US State Department eventually agreed to issue visas for 28,000 children, none of them was ever brought out of Hungary because of the month-long delay in Allied and neutral negotiations, and in the end, the Nazis took control of the situation. The delay in responding to Horthy's offer proved fatal to the deal he offered and to many Hungarian Jews. Three months after Horthy stopped the deportation trains, he was deposed and replaced by the Nazi puppet regime of Ferenc Szalasi and his fascist and anti-Semitic Arrow Cross, which unleashed a reign of terror against Hungary's remaining Jews, killed tens of thousand in the four months of their reign, and ended only when the Russians army conquered Hungary. 

Paragraph 17: In the meantime, Samaresh meets Dr. Kripalani (the hospital superintendent who doesn't like Krishnendu at all) and promised him the Principal's post if he can finish Krishnedu's career. Dr. Kripalani involved Meghna (a second year student and grand daughter of the famous and influential Dr. Subol Majumdar) in his evil plan to frame Krishnedu and defame his character. Meghna requested Krishnendu's help in her study and met him at a secluded place and pretended to be sick all on a sudden. When Krishnendu tried to help her, a photographer hired by Kriplani took some deceptively intimate photographs of Krishnendu and Meghna. As soon as Krishnendu understood that he had been framed he left the place hurriedly and was hit by a speeding car! He was admitted in critical condition to BIMS hospital. Juni requested everybody to conceal Krishnedu's identity so that Samaresh can operate Krishnendu and save his life. In the meantime, Ronit (a newly appointed doctor at BIMS) joined hand with Meghna so that Juni and Krishnendu could be separated from each other. When Kanika discovered that Samaresh is Juni's father, she asked Krishnendu not to keep any relation with Juni any more. Ranit conspired with Meghna and showed Krishnendu and Meghna's intimate photos to Juni, which filled her heart with hatred for Krishnendu and decides to marry Ronit. Kanika's illness brought Juni and Krishnendu together again, and finally Krishnendu proved her innocence to Juni by showing a video that was shot along with the photographs by the same person. Juni blackmailed her mother Malabika to confess that Samaresh lied in the court to send Saradindu in to jail for rape and attempt to murder of nurse Arunima who was working in the same Blue Paradise Nurshing home where Saradindu and Samaresh were working as doctors. Juni started investigating on her own the truth behind Saradindu's conviction.  Samaresh, Dr. Kriplani and Ronit framed Krishnedu again while he flouted hospital norms my treating an injured person (father of a student of BIMS) when no doctors were available. And Krishnendu was expelled from BIMS. All the students of BIMS protested against Krishnendu's rustication and were arrested as they sat on a hunger strike. At that point, being desperate to save Krishnedu's career, Juni struck a deal with Meghna and promised to go out of Krishnendu's life for ever. Meghna requested her grandpa Subol Majumdar, who used his influence to get Krishnendu back to BIMS once again and finally Meghna and Krishnendu became good friends. Subol Majumdar, who is respected by all, had some evil plans as well. At Subol's quarter Krishnedu got a letter written by Arunima with the allegation that Saradindu raped and tried to kill Arunima and because of this offence Saradindu is serving the jail sentence, that fills Krishnendu's heart with hatred for his father Saradindu. Juni's weird behaviour (of distancing herself from Krishnedu) and hatred for his own father, made Krishnendu almost insane.

Paragraph 18: The Optimen are distinguished by genetic excellence, but also by a unique vocation; their metabolisms are such that treatment with the life-extension enzymes available to most members of the society instead induces true biological immortality. The Optimen exercise absolute dictatorial control over Earth from an enclave in North America. They hold global society in stasis, both politically and through continuous manipulation of the human genome. Only a small minority of the population is permitted to reproduce, and that only under strict supervision—the vast majority of the Folk are "Sterries," kept sterile through an ever-present prophylactic gas. The Optimen are naturally sterile.

Paragraph 19: The idea of a crossing of the River Lee downstream of the city came from civil engineers employed by Cork Local Authorities and the central government's Department of the Environment in the late 1970s.  Cork's suburbs were expanding and traffic was rising as car ownership increased, but the city centre's street plan, laid out in the late Middle Ages, was ill-equipped to cope.  The engineers reasoned that the congestion in the city centre and its radial routes was quickly reaching intolerable levels.  They pushed through Cork's "LUTS" – Land Use and Transportation Study – plan, to lay down a twenty five-year plan for the orderly growth of transport and land use in the greater Cork area.  The transportation proposals combined construction of elements of a ring road, a downstream crossing, and computerised management of traffic on existing roads. This group of engineers became the Technical Steering Committee for the LUTS Plan and at that time consisted of Sean McCarthy, the former City Engineer, W.A. "Liam" Fitzgerald, his successor as City Engineer, Liam Mullins, Cork's County Engineer, John O'Regan, his deputy, B.J. O'Sullivan, the Cork Harbour Engineer, and Sean Walsh and Declan O'Driscoll, the two Assistant Chief Engineering Advisers at the Department of the Environment responsible for the region. The location and type of crossing was not established by the LUTS plan.

Paragraph 20: While KPHO-TV gained its first independent competition in 1967, with the arrival of KPAZ-TV on channel 21, the new outlet focused more on specialty and Spanish-language programs. It was little competition for channel 5, which was found by an American Research Bureau survey in 1975 to be the number one independent station in the country in terms of viewing share. By this time, it was actually the third highest-rated station in Phoenix in total-day ratings, ahead of KTVK, long an underperforming ABC affiliate. It ultimately became a full-time religious outlet in 1977. Two years later, though, KNXV-TV channel 15, a hybrid independent and subscription television station, launched; it became a full-time independent in 1983. Even though channel 5 was the leading independent in the market, the upstart Fox Broadcasting Company opted to affiliate with channel 15 in 1986 after Scripps-Howard Broadcasting purchased the station; Fox and KPHO could not agree on a time slot for The Late Show. Landing the Fox affiliation made KNXV a very strong competitor against KPHO. As the station attempted to move into a new era, another ended: The Wallace and Ladmo Show aired its last episode on December 29, 1989, when Wallace retired. By 1991, with KNXV and 1985 startup KUTP cutting into channel 5's ratings alongside the rise of cable TV and the VCR, Barbara Holsopple, media writer for the Phoenix Gazette, declared that KPHO was "fighting for its life".

Paragraph 21:  On 22 August 2019, a Smartwings Boeing 737-800 (Registration: OK-TVO) operated flight QS-1125 from Samos, Greece to Prague, Czech Republic with 170 passengers on board. The aircraft was flying at 36,000 feet over the Aegean Sea about 100 nm northeast of Athens, Greece when it had an engine failure. The crew drifted the aircraft down to 24,000 without informing ATC of the emergency, only informing them of a "technical malfunction". Instead of, as per engine failure procedure, landing at the nearest suitable airport, the flight crew carried on to Prague at that level for a landing without further incident about 2 hours and 20 minutes later. The Czech Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) confirmed that an investigation had been launched into the incident: "we have decided to launch an investigation as the procedure followed doesn't seem standard." Following the incident, Prague police launched an investigation into the flight on suspicion of endangering the public due to negligence, and a Smartwings internal investigation demoted the captain from his post as head of flight operations. In July 2020, the CAA released the final report by the Air Accidents Investigation Institute (AAII), which blamed the incident on the captain failing to follow mandatory procedures, including landing at the nearest possible diversion airport after an engine failure. As of July 2020 the captain Pavel Veselý continues to pilot Smartwings flights.

Paragraph 22: July 1 - Battle of the Aguadores: In support of U.S. Army troops moving on Santiago de Cuba, Brigadier General Henry M. Duffield leads a brigade consisting of the 33rd Michigan Volunteer Infantry, 34th Michigan Volunteer Infantry, and 9th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry in a feint toward the Aguadores River. The railway trestle over the river is destroyed, preventing an American crossing. His 2,500 soldiers are stopped by about 275 Spanish Army soldiers, and Duffield withdraws. Battle of El Caney: 520 Spanish Army soldiers under the command of Brigadier General Joaquín Vara del Rey y Rubio hold off 6,653 men of Fifth Army Corps' 2d Division, led by Brigadier General Henry Ware Lawton. Heavy ground cover delayed and exhausted the U.S. troops as they climbed the hill toward El Caney, the men had little food, the underpowered American artillery was not close enough to provide cover, and six wooden blockhouses and a small stone fort give the Spanish excellent protection. The battle begins at 6:30 A.M., and was expected to last two hours; it does not end until American troops finally overrun El Caney at 5:00 P.M. Vara del Rey is killed. Battles of San Juan Hill and Kettle Hill: Two elements of Fifth Corps — the 1st Division, under the command of U.S. Brigadier General Jacob Ford Kent, and the Cavalry Division (dismounted) under the command of Executive Officer Samuel S. Sumner (General Wheeler was ill) — assault San Juan Hill and Kettle Hill (named for the large iron sugar-cooking kettles on its slopes) overlooking Santiago de Cuba. The 15,000 American soldiers are opposed by 800 men of the Spanish Army's IV Corps under the command of General Linares. The attack on Kettle Hill is led by one element of the Cavalry Division's 1st Brigade (the 3rd U.S. Cavalry) and two elements of the Cavalry Division's 2d Brigade (the Rough Riders and the all-black 10th Cavalry). The assault is initially slowed as U.S. soldiers suffer from heat exhaustion, but effective fire from American Gatling guns and "the charge up San Juan Hill" by Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders secure the heights. U.S. troops on Kettle Hill briefly take Spanish artillery fire from San Juan Hill until it, too, is taken relatively easily. All U.S. objectives at San Juan Heights are secure by 1:30 P.M.

Paragraph 23: During the trip, d'Artagnan fights off repeated attacks by Febre's henchmen. He and Francesca become intimate, only to have Febre discover them and kidnap her and the queen. Febre forces the queen to write a letter to Buckingham asking him to meet her at a heavily fortified castle of his choosing, using the queen's ring to convince him of the authenticity of the message. Richelieu finally realizes just how far Febre is willing to go: he means to start a war between France, England and Spain, a war that will cripple France. Knowing that he has lost control of his chief henchman, Richelieu secretly visits d'Artagnan and tells him of Febre's plans and pleads for his help to stop Febre. D'Artagnan agrees, but only because Febre is holding Francesca. D'Artagnan returns to Paris and convinces the surviving musketeers that their responsibility to the crown remains their highest priority, and they join him at the castle where Francesca, the queen, and Lord Buckingham are being held. They charge the castle on horseback, losing several of their number in the process, but the diversion they create allows Planchet to drive his carriage in front of the castle gates below the field of cannon fire from the castle. This enables him to fire a mortar directly into the castle gates.

Paragraph 24: The writings of African authors, e.g., Tertullian and St. Augustine, are full of quotations drawn from the Sacred Scriptures. These fragmentary texts are among the most ancient witnesses to the Latin Bible, and are of great importance, not only in connection with the formation of the style and vocabulary of the Christian writers of Africa, but also in regard to the establishment of the biblical text. Africa is represented at the present day by a group of texts that preserved a version commonly known as the "African Version" of the New Testament. It may now be taken as certain that there never existed in early Christian Africa an official Latin text known to all the Churches, or used by the faithful to the exclusion of all others. The African bishops willingly allowed corrections to be made in a copy of the Sacred Scriptures, or even a reference, when necessary, to the Greek text. With some exceptions, it was the Septuagint text that prevailed, for the Old Testament, until the 4th century. In the case of the New, the MSS. were of the western type. (See Biblical canon.) On this basis arose a variety of translations and interpretations. The existence of a number of versions of the Bible in Africa does not imply, however, that no one version was more widely used and generally received than the rest, i.e., the version found nearly complete in the works of St. Cyprian. Yet even this version was not without rivals. Apart from discrepancies in two quotations of the same text in the works of two different authors, and sometimes of the same author, we know that of several books of Scripture there were versions wholly independent of each other. At least three different versions of Daniel were used in Africa during the 3rd century. In the middle of the fourth, the Donatist Tychonius uses and collates two versions of the Apocalypse.

Paragraph 25: As soon as he enters the interior of the Spirit, however, he is attacked by two frightened Russians, who he is forced to kill. As he continues to explore, he encounters a multitude of panicking Russians, all of whom attack him. He also finds several horrifically mutilated bodies, including that of the Ravenswoods captain, Lt. Lansing. Hansen soon learns of a creature known as an "exocel", which was accidentally discovered by the crew of a Russian oil rig, the Star of Sakhalin, owned by Colonel Dmitriy Yusupov, a member of the Russian mafia, and staffed by Major Yuri Anischenko and his team of mercenaries. Yusupov came to realize the exocels were parasitic organisms, which used other living organisms as hosts, and as such, he brought Dr. Viktor Kamsky to the Sakhalin to begin experimenting with infecting various species with exocel serum. These experiments led to the discovery that exocels could re-animate recently deceased humans, and the creation of an antidote to counter infection. Hansen heads to the radio room to request help, but instead he is answered by Bennett, who tells him that Yusupov is on board and must be captured for questioning. Bennett tells Hansen that if he finds Yusupov, the CIA will get him off the ship.

Paragraph 26: The British established the site in 1759 as a shipbuilding and ship repair facility. The British knew the area as the Coromandel coast, and Coringa Town (now called Kakinada) on the Coringa River, a branch of the Godavari river. As the principal seaport on this coast, it soon became a large shipbuilding yard of some importance. In 1802 a dock was built for repair of Royal Navy and other vessels, it boasted the only wet dock between Bombay and Calcutta. Cape Cori, or Hope Island as it was called was known internationally for shipbuilding and repairs. The facilities were destroyed by massive cyclonic storms and tidal waves in 1787 (causing 20,000 fatalities) and again on 9 and 10 May 1832. On 25 November 1839 yet another even greater cyclone finished off the port and it was not to recover. It has been estimated that the storm surge was as much as 40 feet. The harbour city was destroyed as were some 20,000 vessels of various sizes. This was one of the storms cited by Henry Piddington in a speech to the ‘'Asiatic Society of Bengal'’ where he first used the term ‘'cyclone'’ to describe the phenomena. After the 1839 cyclone, homes were relocated further inland.

Paragraph 27: In modern mechanical watch designs, production of a highly accurate watch does not require a tourbillon. There is even debate amongst horologists as to whether tourbillons ever improved the accuracy of mechanical watches, even when first introduced, or whether the watches of the day were inherently inaccurate due to design and manufacturing techniques.  A tourbillon is a valued feature of collectors' and premium-priced watches, possibly for the same reason that mechanical watches fetch a much higher price than similar quartz watches that are much more accurate.  High-quality tourbillon wristwatches, usually made by the Swiss luxury watch industry, are very expensive, and typically retail for tens of thousands of dollars or euros, with much higher prices in the hundreds of thousands of dollars or euros being common.  A recent renaissance of interest in tourbillons has been met by the industry with increased availability of time pieces bearing the feature, with the result that prices for basic tourbillon models have reduced somewhat in recent years. Previously such models were very rare, either antique or new. Any watch with a tourbillon will cost a great deal more than an equivalent piece without the feature. The prices of Swiss models typically start at $40,000 and the prices of more expensive tourbillon watches can reach six figures. The prices of some Chinese models can range from hundreds of dollars to nearly $5000.

Paragraph 28: In the 2015 PBA draft many analysts in their mock draft choose either chose Arthur dela Cruz or Norbert Torres for the third pick, but the team selected Maverick Ahanmisi, then Josan Nimes on the 12th pick and Don Trollano on the 2nd-round pick. In 2015-16 PBA Philippine Cup, they finished 3rd in the standings and advanced to the playoffs, beating Blackwater in the first phase of the quarterfinals and TNT in the second phase of the quarterfinals. But they lost to San Miguel in the semifinals in six games. In the 2016 PBA Commissioner's Cup, they signed Wayne Chism to be their import for the third time, although Wayne was injured his hamstring during the game against Meralco on February 17, he was doubtful to play for the rest of the conference. They chose Antoine Wright to replace Chism but he was replaced by Mo Charlo on March 8. While approaching the playoffs, they chose Pierre Henderson-Niles to replace the undersized Charlo to match-up against their possible opponents in the playoffs including Greg Slaughter and June Mar Fajardo. With Henderson-Niles,  a 6'8" center to help the team as an inside presence in the paint, they finished 5th place in the standings and swept Ginebra in the quarterfinals and finally beat San Miguel in 4 games at the best-of-five semifinals. They faced the Alaska in the finals and finally they won their 2nd championship in their franchise history in 6 games which Paul Lee was named Finals MVP. In the 2016 PBA Governors' Cup, they selected Dior Lowhorn as their import, then after losing back to back games in the middle of the conference, they signed Jason Forte to replace Lowhorn on September. After two games, he was replaced by Josh Dollard. Unfortunately, Rain or Shine failed to gain the last spot to qualify to the playoffs after losing to Phoenix, 94–105. This would also be Guiao's last tenure as Rain or Shine's head coach.

Paragraph 29: SGI Visual Workstation is a series of workstation computers that are designed and manufactured by SGI. Unlike its other product lines, which used the 64-bit MIPS RISC architecture, the line used Intel Pentium II and III processors and shipped with Windows NT 4.0 or Windows 2000 as its operating system in lieu of IRIX. However, the Visual Workstation 320 and 540 models deviated from the architecture of IBM-compatible PCs by using SGI's ARCS firmware instead of a traditional BIOS, internal components adapted from its MIPS-based products, and other proprietary components that made them incompatible with internal hardware designed for standard PCs and hence unable to run other versions of Microsoft Windows, especially Windows 9x. By contrast, the remaining models in the line are standard PCs, using VIA Technologies chipsets, Nvidia video cards, and standard components.

Paragraph 30: Marisol mimicked the role of femininity in her sculptural grouping Women and Dog, which she produced between 1963 and 1964. This work, among others, represented a satiric critical response on the guises of fabricated femininity by deliberately assuming the role of "femininity" in order to change its oppressive nature. Three women, a little girl, and a dog are presented as objects on display, relishing their social status with confidence under the gaze of the public. The women are sculpted as calculated and "civilized" in their manner, monitoring both themselves and those around them. Two of women even have several cast faces, surveying the scene and following the subject's trajectory in full motion. Their stiff persona is embodied from within the wooden construction. 