Paragraph 1: Israeli Legislation: Kuperman cooperated with Israel's Ministry of Transportation on bettering the status of cancer patients and recognizing their unique needs. She solicited the support of former Israeli President Reuven Rivlin to support young cancer survivors. As part of her legislative efforts, Kuperman advocated a change in the manner in which the Israeli Government assists recovering cancer patients. She advocated for changes in the bureaucratic system in Israel, and raised the issue in Israeli legislator committees. She called to amend the Israeli "Sal Shikum" (a governmental support program) so that it would target young cancer patients, involve professional workshops, and further assist in the return of patients to the workforce. Her advocacy affected the legislation and the program she advocated for in turn became an integral part of the National Insurance Institute of Israel.''Israel Mortgage Reform: Kuperman advocated for recognition of what she called the "enormous challenges" of young-adult cancer patients. In Israel, 60% of young cancer survivors are not hired back to work. In addition, due to life insurance policies, young cancer survivors are not eligible for mortgage. Kuperman launched a national campaign to raise awareness and to change legislation. According to Kuperman, "those who recover are discriminated against by the state twice - they are no longer entitled to a disability allowance from the National Insurance Institution, nor are they eligable for a mortgage." Kuperman demanded for the status-quo to be amended, stating that "those who won this battle [of cancer] are entitled to return to the arena of the living." She joined hands with Israeli Knesset member Karine Elharrar to amend the legislation existed at the time. As a result, a new legislation was passed in the Israeli Knesset, forbidding refusal of mortgage to the disabled.Activism for cancer survivors: In 2021 Kuperman wrote for the Israeli Globes Magazine regarding the state of affairs of cancer patients. She lamented the current situation of patients being "illogical and harmful," and wrote that Israel "must act to change it". She called young cancer patients the "transparent population", moreso due to Covid-19. She called for equal rights for cancer survivors in the workforce. Kuperman criticized the current treatment of young cancer patients, who are treated along elderly patients, as "absurd", due to the fundamental difference between the groups, beginning from their social status, their mental and emotional needs, and their hormonal and biological systems. Kuperman urged change and recognition for cancer patients in the young-adult category. She called for "decision makers and the healthcare system to adapt to the new world and recognize them and their unique needs as a separate category." According to The Lancet, "Social networks can be a powerful tool for oncologists to learn from their patients about what truly matters to them. At the challenging point of transitioning to survivorship, social digital media can be a platform to buffer this transition."Creator of clinics: Kuperman established dedicated clinics in hospitals with large oncological centers for young adults. She worked with the Rambam Hospital in Haifa, to establish a clinic dedicated to young-adult cancer patients. 

Paragraph 2: After leaving boarding school, Ballard's parents divorced, and he and his brother, Charles Ballard, lived with their mother and step-father for part of the year and with their grandmother for the other part of the year. During this period of his life, Ballard struggled with his identity. With his mother, he lived what could have been described as a typical American life-style with little spiritual or cultural guidance. In school, he was often forced to draw tom-toms and tomahawks by the teacher, and the other students would often taunt, harass, and throw stones at him. While living with his grandmother, though, he attended Baptist Mission School and took part in powwows as well as other community festivals. It is not surprising that he felt more comfortable living with his grandmother. There seems to be some speculation as to who first taught the young Louis Ballard to play piano at the Baptist Mission Church. One source states that it was his mother who first taught him, but another source claims that his grandmother paid an unnamed private tutor to instruct him. According to the latter, his grandmother's property contained zinc and lead, and as a result, had the financial means to purchase a piano as well as pay for piano and voice lessons. By the time he had finished high school, he had a number of achievements to his name. He was the captain of both the football team and the baseball team, he was named valedictorian and outstanding graduate of the class of 1949, and he performed in a piano recital that took place at the University of Oklahoma. Although Ballard was trained in the style of Western music, he was deeply rooted in the music and dance traditions of his culture. As a child, he often participated in powwows, and he would continue to participate in powwows into his years as a young adult. He eventually became a member of the War Dance Society of the Quapaw tribe.

Paragraph 3: Throughout Puerto Rico's political history various parties have designed and displayed flags representing their ideals. Political flags in Puerto Rico are usually displayed in public during rallies, meetings, or parades in show of political strength and unity. The Puerto Rican Nationalist Party flag has a white Calatrava Cross, also known as the Cross potent on the middle of a black background. The Cross of Calatrava was first used by the Crusaders of Calatrava and later by the French revolutionists. The black background symbolized the mourning of the Puerto Rican Nation in colonial captivity. It was usually displayed by the Cadets of the Republic, also known as the Black Shirts (Camisa Negras) because of their black shirt and white trousers uniform. On occasions the Nationalists would also carry the Puerto Rican flag with the light blue triangle, which was outlawed from 1898 to 1952. The three main political parties of Puerto Rico are the New Progressive Party, which favors statehood and whose flag has what might resemble a blue palm tree inside a round cornered square in the middle with a white background; the Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico, flag has a red image of what is supposed to resemble a Puerto Rican jíbaro (farmer) in the middle with a white background; and the Puerto Rican Independence Party, whose flag has a white cross symbolizing Christianity and purity, on a green background which symbolizes hope. Founded in 2003, the flag of the Puerto Ricans for Puerto Rico Party has a light brown colored "coqui" as its symbol with the words "Por Puerto Rico" (For Puerto Rico) in the middle. Another political flag is that of the Boricua Popular Army, also known as Los Macheteros an underground pro-independence group which believes and has often resorted to the use of violence. This ensign displays a green machete and a red star imposed on a black background.

Paragraph 4: Christopher Michael Baker of AllGame gave the PlayStation version four stars out of five, saying, "Despite its lack of original content, NFL Blitz 2000 is still one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences -- sports-related or otherwise -- that you'll have on your PlayStation." Anthony Baize gave the Nintendo 64 version three-and-a-half stars, saying that it was "a fun game to play, but there is not significant improvement over the original NFL Blitz. Basically, the only real reason to pick up this game is if you did not buy the original or if you simply must have the updated rosters for the 1999-2000 NFL season. It's fun to play, but it is not a legitimate upgrade." Scott Alan Marriott gave the Dreamcast version three stars, saying, "It's brainless, it has devious computer AI, and it's lacking in depth, but there's just something about the fast-paced intensity that makes the game appealing in spite of its flaws. Factor in the ability to play with up to three of your friends, and you also have one of the best multi-player experiences available at the Dreamcast's launch. So yes, this is the definitive version of NFL Blitz fans have been waiting for, but anyone expecting a huge step up from the 'lesser' console versions will be sorely disappointed." However, Brad Cook gave the PC version two stars, calling it "a faithful port of the Arcade version which is unfortunately nothing more than that, and it requires users to have a system which is well above and beyond the specs listed on the box." He also gave the Game Boy Color version one-and-a-half stars, calling it "a game that really should have never been translated to this system in the first place. The very idea behind it can only work on comparatively higher-end machines such as PCs, Nintendo 64s, Dreamcasts and Arcade units. Anything with less power and you're left without what made the original so great in the first place."

Paragraph 5: Shortly after Oldfield started to record, his mother died. He later recalled that working on his new music provided the only source of comfort for him at the time. He faced further problems several months in when he had almost finished recording side one, when the recording tape started to shed its oxide layer, causing irreparable damage. Virgin delivered a machine so that copies of the master tape could be made and Oldfield could carry on working, but the same problem occurred on the new tape. This left Oldfield no choice but to start again using a new brand of tape. He believed that the many overdubs he had put down on the track had worn it out. Oldfield felt depressed to start over at first, but he then noticed that "something clicked inside of me" and realised that his previous takes had become good practice for the final ones. "All the musical pieces fell into place and the results sounded marvellous." The original version of side one was released on the 2010 remaster as "Ommadawn (Lost Version)". Excerpts from the scrapped version were previously used in Oldfield's interview on Tony Palmer's documentary series All You Need is Love and the 1977 film Reflection.

Paragraph 6: The Gospel was completed in 586 at Monastery of St. John of Zagba (Syriac: , ), which, although traditionally thought to have been in Northern Mesopotamia, is now thought to have been in the hinterland between Antioch and Apamea in modern Syria. It was signed by its scribe, Rabbula (, ) about whom nothing else is known. In their current condition the folios are 34 cm (13.4 in) by 27 cm (10.6 in). Their original size is unknown because they were trimmed during previous rebindings. The text is written in black or dark brown ink in two columns of a variable number of lines. There are footnotes written in red ink at the bottom of many of the columns. The text is the Peshitta version of the Syriac translation of the Gospels.

Paragraph 7: The Missile Badge is a military decoration of the United States Air Force which was first created on 23 May 1958.  The  "pocket rocket" badge recognizes those commissioned officers and enlisted personnel of the US Air Force who have qualified as missile personnel (both TAC and SAC (now AFGSC)) that have been trained in the maintenance or launching of land-based and air-launched nuclear weapons under the direction of the National Command Authority.  Originally known as the Missileman Badge, the Missile Badge later became known as the Missileer Badge or more informally the Pocket Rocket and is still often referred to by this name.

Paragraph 8: Other skulls said to be theirs were discovered in 1334 by Burchard Grelle, Archbishop of Bremen. He "personally 'miraculously' retrieved the relics of the holy physicians Cosmas and Damian, which were allegedly immured and forgotten in the choir of the Bremen Cathedral. In celebration of the retrieval Archbishop and Chapter arranged a feast at Pentecost 1335, when the relics were translated from the wall to a more dignified place. Grelle claimed the relics were those Archbishop Adaldag brought from Rome in 965. The cathedral master-builder Johann Hemeling made a shrine for the relics, which was finished around 1420. The shrine, made from carved oak wood covered with gilt and rolled silver is considered an important mediaeval gold work. In 1649 Bremen's Chapter, Lutheran by this time, sold the shrine without the heads to Maximilian I of Bavaria. The two heads remained in Bremen and came into the possession of the small Roman Catholic community. They were shown from 1934 to 1968 in the Church of St. Johann and in 1994 they were buried in the crypt. The shrine is now shown in the Jesuit church of St Michael in Munich. At least since 1413 another supposed pair of skulls of the saints has been stored in St Stephens's Cathedral in Vienna. Other relics are claimed by the Church of San Giorgio Maggiore in Venice.

Paragraph 9: Hood ordered Wheeler to destroy the railroad supplying Sherman's army. On August 10, Wheeler set out with eight cavalry brigades from Covington. He inflicted minor damage to the railroad at several places and captured some small garrisons. Wheeler was repulsed in the Second Battle of Dalton and then moved his cavalry into east Tennessee where he was no threat to Sherman's railroad. Boatner concluded that Wheeler's raid had "no significant effect on Sherman's operations". With Wheeler out of the way, Sherman ordered Kilpatrick to break the Macon railroad. On the evening of August 18, Kilpatrick left Sandtown with 4,700 cavalry and two artillery batteries. Kilpatrick's division made slow progress though opposed by only 400 Confederate cavalry and two guns under Lawrence Sullivan Ross. When Kilpatrick finally drove Ross out of Jonesboro late on August 19, it began to rain so hard that the Union cavalrymen were unable to start fires to burn ties and bend the rails. Kilpatrick headed for Lovejoy's Station where his division ran into an ambush. In the Battle of Lovejoy's Station, Kilpatrick's troopers broke out of the trap by overrunning Ross' brigade with a saber charge. The Union troopers escaped into friendly lines after losing 237 men. Confederate railroad gangs quickly repaired the track so the raid was another failure.

Paragraph 10: Male, female. Forewing length 3.4 3.7 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-grey with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex shining ochreous-brown with greenish and reddish reflections, neck tufts and collar shining bronze brown with reddish gloss; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally white, antenna shining dark brown, with a white line from base to two-thirds, in distal half more or less interrupted, followed towards apex by two white segments, ten dark brown and seven white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining bronze brown with reddish gloss, thorax, including metathorax, with a white median line. Legs: femora of midleg and hindleg shining ochreous, foreleg brownish grey with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments, tibia of midleg brownish grey with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one, two and four with white apical rings, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg ochreous-brown with a white, very oblique line from base to beyond middle and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with white basal and ochreous apical rings, segments two and three with ochreous apical rings, segments four and five entirely ochreous, spurs ochreous-grey. Forewing shining bronze brown, five narrow white lines in the basal area, a first subcostal, close to costa, from base to one-third, distally very slightly bending from costa, followed by a short second subcostal between the end of first and the transverse fascia, a medial starting just beyond base to just beyond the first subcostal, a subdorsal, starting just before the end of the medial to the end of the second subcostal, a dorsal from beyond base to one-third, a pale yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle, narrowed towards dorsum on the inside with a costal and dorsal prolongation towards apex and with an apical protrusion in the middle to beyond one half of the apical area, bordered at the inner edge by two tubercular pale golden metallic subcostal and dorsal spots, the subcostal spot with a patch of blackish scales on the outside, the dorsal spot further from base than the costal, at three-quarters of transverse fascia two tubercular pale golden metallic costal and dorsal spots, the costal spot lined brown on the inside, the dorsal spot twice as large and slightly more towards base than the costal, a white costal streak from the outer costal spot, a white apical line from the apical protrusion to apex, not in the cilia, cilia bronze brown around apex, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining brownish grey, cilia pale brown. Underside: forewing shining greyish brown, distally paler, the apical line visible, hindwing as forewing, but paler in dorsal half. Abdomen not examined, already used for dissection.

Paragraph 11: Tsar Alexander I of Russia, while visiting England with his servant the Cossack Platov, is shown a variety of modern inventions. Platov keeps insisting that things in Russia are much better (embarrassing a guide at one point when he finds something that appears well made that turns out to be a Russian gun), until they are shown a small mechanical flea. After his ascension the next tsar, Nicolas I, orders Platov (after he tries to hide the flea) to find someone to outperform the English who had created the clockwork steel flea (as small as a crumb, and the key to wind it up can only be seen through a microscope). Platov travels to Tula to find someone to better the English invention.  Three gunsmiths agree to do the work and barricade themselves in a workshop.  Villagers try to get them to come out in various ways (for example by yelling "fire"), but no one can get them to come out.  When Platov arrives to check on their progress, he has some Cossacks try to open the workshop.  They succeed in getting the roof to come off, but the crowd is disgusted when the trapped smell of body odor and metal work comes out of the workshop.  The gunsmiths hand Platov the same flea he gave them and he curses them, believing that they have done absolutely nothing.  He ends up dragging Lefty with him in order to have someone to answer for the failure.

Paragraph 12: In the beginning of Al-Muzzammil (Quran 73), God expounds upon the merits of night prayer in the First Meccan Period. Muhammad, and subsequently the Muslim community, is commanded to “stay up throughout the night, all but a small part of it, half, or a little less, or a little more; recite the Qur’an slowly and distinctly.” During the First Meccan Period, the total Qur'anic revelation was brief enough to recite during the night. As such, it was expected of Muslims to recite the Qur'an in full during the night. The night prayer was of such importance, because the believer's focus on prayer and separation from any distraction was believed to “make a deeper impression” on the believer.

Paragraph 13: Hutcherson and Rush Limbaugh were close friends, and the two spent a good amount of time together. Publicly, Hutcherson would often call in to The Rush Limbaugh Show around NFL playoff and Super Bowl time. He also officiated at Limbaugh's fourth wedding in June 2010. On his show of December 19, 2013, one day after Hutcherson's death, Limbaugh reflected on what Hutcherson meant to him and on the impact his death would have on others: "He was a man, folks. There was no complaining. There was no bleeding on people. There was none of that. He didn't want his relationship with anybody to be defined, even in what turned out to be the latter months of his life, by his illness. He was a devout Christian.  He was a devout practicing Christian.  And, as such, I don't think that he feared death because of that.  But he's gone now, and it's a great, great loss for his congregation and his family because he's a unique individual.  Nobody can be replaced when they're gone, but he's created an especially huge void for a lot of people because he was a counselor to people in trouble, no matter what the problem was."

Paragraph 14: Derfel and Ceinwyn move to Lindinis with the six-year-old Mordred, and their daughter, Morwenna, is born there. She is followed by two other daughters, Seren and Dian. Derfel and Ceinwyn soon discover that Mordred is an insolent, wicked child whom they have difficulty controlling and who enjoys inflicting pain on others. Merlin, who lost his hall at Ynys Wydryn the night the Cauldron was stolen and now lives at Lindinis, expresses the belief that a demon got into the boy king the night of his birth, while the Christians tended to him. Despite their concerns, Arthur refuses to consider removing Mordred and insists that he will grow into a responsible leader with time. Derfel, as the king's guardian and champion, serves on the king's council, alongside Arthur and, in a reversal of his fortunes, Bishop Sansum. After succeeding in returning to favour by his baptism of Lancelot, Sansum returned to a position of authority in Dumnonia when he succeeds in converting, and subsequently marrying, Morgan, Arthur's sister and Merlin's priestess. The conversion of Morgan is a blow to Dumnonia's pagan community, already badly shaken by the loss of the Treasures. Sansum and Morgan start training missionaries to spread the Christian religion through Britain. As the anniversary of the fifth century since the death of Christ is approaching, a frenzy begins to seize the Dumnonian Christian community as they become determined to convert all the pagans they can before that date and, they believe, the return of their god to Britain. Many of them begin to see Lancelot as their saviour due to the presence of a fish (a Christian symbol) on his shield, an assurance that Bishop Sansum encourages. Nimue, holed up half-mad and obsessed with gathering as much power as she can in the ravaged, abandoned tor of Ynys Wydryn, assures Derfel that even recent converts to Christianity remain fearful of the Old Gods, and that Merlin is only waiting for the day when those who stole the Cauldron try to use it and unleash its power on the world.

Paragraph 15: By 1840, Payne started another school.  He joined the  African Methodist Episcopal Church (AME) which had been organized in 1794, a decade after the first organized American grouping of "Methodists" at the famed Christmas Conference at the old original Lovely Lane Chapel off South Calvert and German (now Redwood) Streets in Baltimore Town in December 1784 following the teachings of British leaders George Whitefield (1714-1770), John Wesley (1703-1791) and his brother Charles Wesley (1707-1788) (both well-known musical authors and hymn-writers) who were active in the Church of England seeking to revive the Christian Protestant spiritual life in Anglicanism which they feared was becoming staid, stiff and hard. After being recommended by other ministers, seven years after his Lutheran General Synod ordination of 1835 at the Lutheran Theological Seminary under Rev. Samuel Simon Schmucker (1799-1873), in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, Rev. Payne gravitated in 1842 towards the African Methodist Episcopal Church, then 26  years old as an organized functioning church denomination since 1816, with Richard Allen and Daniel Coke, centered in eastern cities of Philadelphia, Baltimore, Richmond which had split off from the Methodist Episçopal Çhurch (organized in Baltimore in December 1784 with its famous "Christmas Conference" / first General Conference ordaining  first Bishop Francis Asbury (1745-1816), with famed traveling evangelist Robert Strawbridge and visiting German Reformed Church pastor Philip William Otterbein, 1726-1813). That new M.E. Church had a few  integrated congregations usually with "Negro" members sitting in balconies or off-sides, but was generally mostly white.  Rev. Payne with his extensive Evangelical Lutheran theological education at the Gettysburg Seminary agreed with A.M.E.'s founder of a congregation in 1794, Bishop Richard Allen (1760-1831), that a visible and independent black denomination was a strong argument against slavery and racism. Payne had always worked to improve the position of blacks within the United States; he opposed calls for their emigration from North America and resettlement to the proposed new nation of  Liberia where a county was being set up in the proposed African settlement taking the name of "Maryland" or other parts of Africa, as urged by the American Colonization Society which had strong support among many white abolitionists (including future President Abraham Lincoln)  and supported by some free blacks.

Paragraph 16: Binoy Majumdar was born in Myanmar (erstwhile Burma) on 17 September 1934. His family later moved to what is now Thakurnagar West Bengal in India. Binoy loved mathematics from his early youth. He completed 'Intermediate' (pre-University) from the Presidency College of the University of Calcutta. Although he graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering graduate from Bengal Engineering College, now renamed Indian Institute of Engineering Science & Technology, (IIT) Calcutta, in 1957, Binoy turned to poetry later in life.  He translated a number of science texts from the Russian to Bengali. When Binoy took to writing, the scientific training of systematic observation and enquiry of objects found a place, quite naturally, in his poetry. His first book of verse was Nakshatrer Aloy (in the light of the stars). However, Binoy Majumdar's most famous piece of work to date is Phire Esho, Chaka (Come back, O Wheel, 1960), which was written in the format of a diary. The book is dedicated to Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, a fellow-Calcuttan and contemporary of Majumdar. Professor Narayan Ch Ghosh has written number of articles on the writings of Binoy Majumder analysing mathematical aspects of Binoy's poems. According to Ghosh Phire Esho, Chaka(Come back, O Wheel) published during 1960 was reflection of Binoy's mind for recalling progress - wheel symbolizes. Professor Ghosh had described 'Balmikir Kabita' of Binoy Majumder was continuation of Ratnakar Balmiki (first poet) through 'Balmikir Pratibha' by Rabindranath Thakur. Ghosh stated that Binoy's poem 'Eka Eka Katha Bali'is a Lyrics to Lonely Talk like a vision of poetic melancholy by John Milton Or like 'Teach me half the gladness/That thy brain must know;/Such harmonious madness/ From my lips would flow,/The world should listen then, as I am listening now' by Percy Bysshe Shelley. Though he knew his predecessor Bankim Chandra, first successful Novelist in Bengali - Binoy's mother tongue, had written 'Keo Kakhno Eka Thakiona' (No one lives alone).

Paragraph 17: Bonavia was born in Valletta in British colonial Malta, the third son of Mary née Hobson and Calcedonio Bonavia. An older brother Giuseppe became an architect in the Royal Engineers while another brother George became an artist. Emanuel studied medicine at the University of Malta and at the University of Edinburgh qualifying MRCS in 1857. He was commissioned Assistant Surgeon in the Indian Medical Service on 4 August 1857 and was present at the capture of Lucknow in March 1858 and saw action at the trans-Gogra campaign. He was promoted Surgeon Major in 1876 and Brigade Surgeon in 1885, retiring in 1888. He served as Principal of the medical school at Balrampur in 1873. Trained in medical botany, he came to take charge of the Lucknow garden in 1876. The Lucknow botanical garden began as a park after 1857. He then began to study the cultivation of citrus, date palms (an interest in date palms also led to studies on floral depiction in Assyrian monuments, suggesting that the Assyrian sacred tree was based on multiple trees of value including a date palm as the trunk) and other plants of economic importance. He wrote a book examining the prospects of cultivating date palms in India and The Villager's Domestic Medicine (1885). He speculated on the ancestry of Indian acid lime. He also published on sericulture in Oudh. He was also interested in other aspects of natural history and wrote a book on evolution which examined such aspects as the evolution of spots and stripes in wild cats and the origins of other animal skin patterning. He speculated that these patterns were derived from armoured ancestors such as glyptodonts with the ancestral rosette as seen in the leopard consolidated into spots in cheetahs, blotches, and stripes in other cats. In his Contributions to Christology (1869) he attempted to identify rational explanations for miracles involving animals. He corresponded with Charles Darwin, and naturalists in India such as Allan Octavian Hume to whom he sent bird specimens. He was one of the founders of the Lucknow museum (Oudh provincial museum), established in 1863. He contributed specimens to the museum, including that of a pink-headed duck, obtained from the local market. Bonavia also maintained careful records of weather and examined long-term variation in the patterns of rains, supporting the theory that linked them to sun-spots. He also served as a Civil Surgeon at Etawah and worked on public sanitation, making attempts to stop open defecation in Lucknow. Bonavia retired in 1888 and lived on Richmond road, Worthing, Sussex, continuing to take an interest in gardening and hybridization of ornamental plants, publishing in the Gardener's Chronicle, until his death.

Paragraph 18: In 711, Song and another chancellor, Yao Yuanzhi, tried to persuade Emperor Ruizong to carry out a plan that they believed would end her plotting.  They proposed that the two princes who arguably had superior claims on the throne than Li Longji — Li Chengqi and Li Shouli (whose father Li Xian (note different character than Emperor Zhongzong) was an older brother to both Emperors Zhongzong and Ruizong) — be sent out of the capital Chang'an to serve as prefectural prefects, while Princess Taiping and Wu Youji be sent to live in Luoyang.  They also proposed that Li Longji be put in charge of most affairs of state.  Emperor Ruizong initially agreed and made the orders as Song and Yao suggested, except that he believed that Luoyang was too far and therefore sent Princess Taiping and Wu Youji only to Pu Prefecture (蒲州, roughly modern Yuncheng, Shanxi).  After Princess Taiping found out that the plan was conceived by Song and Yao, however, she was incensed and let Li Longji know her anger.  In fear, Li Longji submitted a petition accusing Song and Yao of alienating him from his brothers Li Chengqi and Li Shouli (who was actually a cousin but was raised with Emperor Ruizong's sons) and aunt Princess Taiping, asking that the two be put to death.  Emperor Ruizong, in response, demoted Song and Yao and recalled Princess Taiping, Li Chengqi, and Li Shouli to the capital.  After Song and Yao were removed, Princess Taiping further suggested that a major reform in the civil service system that they carried out — removing officials improperly commissioned during Emperor Zhongzong's reign — be reversed, and Emperor Ruizong agreed. That year, Princess Taiping persuaded Emperor Ruizong to decree, collect and compile Shangguan Wan'er works, and retain the works of this talented woman. Later that year, in order to please Wu Youji, Princess Taiping requested that the tombs of Wu Zetian's parents Wu Shihuo (武士彠) and Lady Yang be restored to imperial tomb status (they had been reduced to the status of tombs of nobles after Emperor Zhongzong's death), and Emperor Ruizong agreed.  Also that year, when the officials Xue Qianguang (薛謙光) and Murong Xun (慕容珣) accused an associate of Princess Taiping's, the Buddhist monk Huifan (慧範), Princess Taiping pleaded on Huifan's behalf, and Emperor Ruizong, believing that Xue and Murong had only accused Huifan because they could do so during the time that Princess Taiping was out of the capital, demoted Xue and Murong.

Paragraph 19: The study found that in the United States, over 5 million seniors, (11.4% of all seniors), experience some form of food insecurity, i.e. were marginally food insecure. Of these, about 2.5 million are at-risk of hunger, and about 750,000 suffer from hunger due to financial constraints. Some groups of seniors are more likely to be at-risk of hunger. Relative to their representation in the overall senior population, those with limited incomes, under age 70, African-Americans, Hispanics, never-married individuals, renters, and persons living in the southern United States are all more likely to be at-risk of hunger.  While certain groups of seniors are at greater-risk of hunger, hunger cuts across the income spectrum. For example, over 50% of all seniors who are at-risk of hunger have incomes above the poverty threshold. Likewise, it is present in all demographic groups. For example, over two-thirds of seniors at-risk of hunger are caucasian. There are marked differences in the risk of hunger across family structure, especially for those seniors living alone, or those living with a grandchild. Those living alone are twice as likely to experience hunger compared to married seniors. One in five senior households with a grandchild, but no adult child, present is at risk of hunger, compared to about one in twenty households without a grandchild present. Seniors living in non-metropolitan areas are as likely to experience food insecurity as those living in metropolitan areas, suggesting that food insecurity cuts across the urban-rural continuum.

Paragraph 20: Since its formation in 1949, Ceylon's armed forces were an internal security force assisting the Ceylon Police during strikes and riots. After the attempted coup in 1962, the armed forces had major cuts in funding, recruitment and joint operations, and were unprepared for a large-scale insurrection. In 1970, the armed forces had an annual budget of Rs 52 million (US$10mn), just 1.2% of total government expenditure. The Ceylon Army had an authorized strength of 329 officers and 6,291 other ranks with three infantry regiments each consisting of two battalions (one regular and one volunteer) armed mostly with World War II-era weapons such as Lee–Enfield .303 rifles, Sten sub machine guns, Bren light machine guns and Vickers machine guns, with a few SLR rifles; a recce regiment equipped with Ferret and Daimler Armoured Cars; an artillery regiment armed with light mortars and anti-aircraft guns. It lacked tanks, field artillery, automatic rifles, submachine guns and other modern weapons, and peacetime ammunition stocks could sustain only one week of combat operations. The Royal Ceylon Navy, which had suffered the most from the fallout of the attempted coup (its recruitment had been frozen until 1969) had only one frigate, HMCyS Gajabahu in its fleet along with a few Thorneycroft coastal motor boats. The Royal Ceylon Air Force which had three flying squadrons and a few trained pilots in 1971, No. 1 Flying Training Squadron consisted of nine de Havilland Chipmunk trainers tasked with basic pilot training; the No. 2 Transport Squadron had three de Havilland Dove, four de Havilland Heron and three Scottish Aviation Pioneers fixed wing aircraft and three Bell 206 JetRanger helicopters; and the No. 3 Reconnaissance Squadron had two de Havilland Doves tasked with maritime patrol. It had mothballed its five Hunting Jet Provost T51s jet trainers after plans for introducing jet fighters were scrapped.

Paragraph 21: The AHRA is important in the recording industry's suit against XM radio for Samsung's Helix and Pioneer's Inno XM receivers, which allow users to record blocks of satellite radio and disaggregate individual songs. XM argued that the devices are "digital audio recording devices" ("DARD") under the AHRA, and thus enjoy an exemption from copyright infringement actions for private, non-commercial copying. A New York District Court judge agreed that these devices are DARDs because they can record from a transmission without the use of an external computer or computer hard drive. As manufacturers or distributors of DARDs, Samsung and Pioneer are immune from suit so long as they satisfy the requirements under the AHRA, including payment of royalties to the US Copyright Office, on a quarterly basis, for each device distributed. However, according to the District Court, this immunity does not protect XM with regard to the recording industry suit. The recording industry's complaint was based on XM's use of their music, not on the distribution of the devices. XM is currently licensed, under Section 114 of the US Copyright Act, to provide the recording industry's music via a digital satellite broadcast service. The recording industry's complaint, however, alleges that services such as the XM + MP3 distribute permanent digital copies of sound recordings without a license. XM is being sued for distributing the music industry's music without a distribution license, not for distributing devices such as the Helix and Inno. Therefore, the District Court denied XM's motion to dismiss on grounds that the AHRA immunity with regard to distribution of DARDs does not protect XM for a copyright infringement suit based on distribution of music without a license.

Paragraph 22: Satyaki, inebriated with wine, goes over to Kritavarma, criticizes him for scheming with Ashwatthama and killing the remaining Pandavas' army while they were sleeping (see Sauptika Parva). Pradyumna applauds Satyaki's words and disregards Kritavarma. Kritavarma in return reminds him how he cruelly slayed the unarmed Bhurishravas who, on the field of battle, sat in prayer. Krishna glances angrily at Kritavarma. They begin to argue about who did more wrong during the Kurukshetra war. In the ensuing fracas, Satyaki decapitates Kritavarma with his sword, then begins striking down others present there. Krishna runs over to prevent him from doing further mischief. However, others are impelled by fate in the face of Krishna to slay Satyaki and Pradyumna, who tries to save Satyaki. Krishna beholding his own slain son Pradyumna as well as Satyaki, takes up, in wrath, erakā grass in his hand, which miraculously becomes a bolt of iron - it is with this iron rod that he begins to slay the violent. Others try to imitate him by plucking the grass, which transforms into iron bolts in their hands due to the curse. Everyone, inebriated with alcohol, attacks everyone else. Soon everyone who is battling is dead, except for Vabhru, Daruka (Krishna's charioteer) and Krishna. Balarama survives because he withdrew from that spot before the fight. Krishna asks Daruka to go to the Pandavas, tell them what had happened and to ask Arjuna to come with help. While Daruka was gone, Krishna sends Vabhru to protect the ladies of his kingdom from robbers tempted by wealth. However, as soon as he proceeds to a distance, an iron bolt flies and impales Vabhru, killing him. Krishna goes to Dvaraka and consoles his father Vasudeva, before returning to his brother Balarama in the forest. He sees him departing from this world, giving up his life through yoga. Krishna who had the foresight of everything that had happened, concludes that the hour of his departure from this world has come. Restraining his senses, he sits in high yoga. Some of the powder cast into the Prabhasa sea had been swallowed by a fish. Inside the fish, the powder had become a metal piece. Jara, a hunter, catches that fish and finds the metal. He sharpens it to make an arrow and goes for hunting, during which, seeing red marks on Krishna's left foot, and mistaking it for a deer's eye, shoots the arrow at it. On approaching the supposed prey to capture it, he beheld Krishna rapt in Yoga, and touches his feet for being an offender. Krishna comforts him and then ascends upwards to the heavens, filling the entire welkin with splendour.

Paragraph 23: Sabarimala changes him. On his return from his pilgrimage, his family discovers to their dismay that matters have swung to the other extreme. Vijayan takes faith to his heart, embraces vegetarianism and adopts a life of prayer, frugality and abstinence, eventually forsaking his debt-ridden family for a life at an ashram. His version of ashram life is one of round-the-clock prayer and an escape from daily responsibilities and work — which doesn't go well with the other residents. Soon the residents find out Vijayan has a family and abandon them thinking they would be taken care of by God since they are innocent and his primary aim for becoming a Sanyasi is to craft gold and money from the ether as some fake Sanyasi's do rather than service. The head of the ashram guides him to lose his inferiority complexes and betray himself because knowing oneself and taking up responsibilities is the foundation of true wisdom and freedom. He soon finds himself unwelcome there and returns to his home, to discover his family have moved on without him and sustains without hunger or by borrowing money as they did in the past from a tailoring business contract his wife took after he left. During her sister's marriage day she guides her sister to complete her studies and should take up a job that could make her role in their family as an equally responsible person. Vijayan tries to get back into his family which he abandoned. He tries to win his family's heart through acts and mediation's, his wife censures him for his new low. He continues with his acts to convince his wife but she finally says she sees through all these and to leave them alone. Vijayan finally breakdown but his wife rejects it which makes him declare that he is leaving them for sure if it is what they need. His wife asks him why was the emotional whimpering a moment ago and did he even think how they felt for months when Vijayan rejected and left them alone. She says there were many who suggested she remarry but she lived through each night with the hope that Vijayan would return and if this is the resolution he has come up with finally, he should go wherever he wishes. The next day with a true change of heart he returns to his teaching and the film ends with Vijayan returning to his home with his wife and children through a road where Communist leaders and Sabarimala pilgrims are marching in opposite directions.

Paragraph 24: In a long-term study done in Alaska, Yom-Tov and colleagues (2005) found that the masked shrew's body size contradicts Bergmann's Rule. The study, done on 650 specimens and spanning from 1950 to 2003, examined body size in relation to ambient temperature. Measurements of body weight and the length of the tail, ear, hind foot, and body were taken. Results yielded that the masked shrew's body size decreased with high latitudes and with lower mean January temperatures, a trend that opposed Bergmann's Rule. It was suggested that this may be a coping mechanism to limit total energy requirements due to decreased food availability in winter months. Additionally, it was shown that body and tail length increased with rising temperatures during the second half of the twentieth century. This may be due to higher temperatures increasing the availability of the shrew's main diet.

Paragraph 25: When the Clausura Tournament began, former Universidad de Chile midfielder Manuel Iturra was heavy linked with the club, to replace to Seymour, but Sampaoli decided finally against Iturra and for Díaz, who with the given confidence stepped up his game and became one of the key players of the team. His great performances in the local tournament and in the 2011 Copa Sudamericana caught the eye of national team's coach Claudio Borghi to play in the 2014 World Cup qualifiers. On 19 October, Díaz played in the Copa Sudamericana's round of 16 match against Flamengo. In that match, Universidad de Chile historically beat 4–0 as visitors, something never done by a Chilean team. In the second leg match, Díaz scored the only goal of the game in a 1–0 win at Estadio Nacional, winning the man of the match award. The next game of his club against the rivals, Colo-Colo, and he again was the man of the match in a 2–2 away draw. In that same match, Díaz was punished by the Anfp for obscene gestures to the Garra Blanca, the barra brava of Colo-Colo. After his performances, he was called up by Borghi for play against the Uruguay national football team at Centenario Stadium for the World Cup qualifiers. On 23 November, for the semi-finals of the Copa Sudamericana against Vasco da Gama, Díaz played in a 1–1 away draw at São Januário Stadium. He played an important role in the match, winning important balls in the middle of the pitch and assisting Osvaldo González, with a free kick to score the equalizing goal in the 79th minute. In the second leg game against the Brazilians, Díaz was named once again the man of the match in a 2–0 win. In the next game against LDU Quito for the first leg final, he made another assist to Eduardo Vargas, who scored the only goal of game. On 14 December, in the final of the tournament, Díaz played a good role in a 3–0 win over LDU, being crowned as the best champion of this tournament. According to the South American media, they compared to Universidad de Chile with Barcelona and Díaz with Xavi. Winning the Clausura Tournament, Universidad de Chile made a successful season earning three titles in one year, with Díaz as one of the key players of the season along with Johnny Herrera, Eduardo Vargas, Marcos González and José Rojas.

Paragraph 26: The largest – and also in other aspects the most spectacular – stone image of a seated Buddha in Sri Lanka is located since about the sixth century on the premises of the Śrī Mahā Bodhi Shrine at the Mahāvihāra complex at Anurādhapura. The statue is carved out of a single slab of dolomite marble, measures 3.3 metres in height and is since 1911 installed in the image-house located east of the sacred Bodhi-tree. This Buddha is presumably the only known Sri Lankan Buddha seated in the “diamond posture” (vajraparyaṅkāsana) with both soles pointing upwards, and displaying the gesture of touching the earth (bhūmisparśa-mudrā or māravijaya-mudrā). All other seated Sri Lankan Buddhas usually rest in the “noble posture” (sattvaparyaṅkāsana) with the right leg placed upon the left leg with only the sole of the right foot visible, displaying instead the gesture of meditation with both hands placed in the lap (dhyāna-mudrā). The gesture of touching the earth (bhūmisparśa-mudrā) symbolizes Buddha Siddhartha’s defeat of Māra (māravijaya) and subsequent enlightenment under the Bodhi-tree at Bodhgayā (Gayā district, Bihar, N.-E. India). The only known Sri Lankan Buddha image displaying the bhūmisparśa-mudrā is thus fittingly placed beside the principal Bodhi-tree of Sri Lanka located at the Mahāvihāra complex. This Buddha was commissioned to be installed in the Śrī Mahā Bodhi Shrine and likely copied after an early North-Eastern Indian Pāla style image. Faxian, the Chinese pilgrim, left the following account of his visit to the Śrī Mahā Bodhi Shrine during his stay in Sri Lanka in the years 411 to 413 AD, which was during the reign of King Mahānāma (c. 406–428 AD): “At the foot of the tree a shrine has been built, with the image of Buddha seated inside, an object of ceaseless worship to priests and laymen”.  The image seen by Faxian in the early 5th century cannot be the one installed at present in the Śrī Mahā Bodhi Shrine at the Mahāvihāra complex, dating earliest from the 6th century. Therefore it can be concluded that the present Buddha image was likely not the first one to be installed near the Bodhi tree, but possibly the first depicted with the gesture of touching the earth (bhūmisparśa-mudrā). Buddha of the Śrī Mahā Bodhi Shrine

Paragraph 27: A particularly important research finding took place in 1950. The previous year, on a visit to London Zoo, Lissmann had noticed that the African knife fish (Gymnarchus) was able repeatedly to swim backwards at the same speed and with exactly the same corporeal dexterity around obstacles in its fish tank as when it swam forwards, while avoiding collision.   He inferred that the fish must have what in human terms would be seen as some form of "sixth sense", something which he also thought he detected in the electric eel in another aquarium tank nearby:  he thought the phenomenon might well involve electricity.   Towards the end of 1949 Lissmann married, and as a wedding present from one friend he was given his own knife fish, which he now went on to study in his laboratory. He placed the fish in a large fish tank into which he inserted electrodes. With these he was indeed able to detect a naturally occurring electric current emanating from the fish, albeit a current far too weak to be felt by a person.   He then found ways to increase the current to a point where it could be measured with a conventional oscilloscope. One story - not universally accepted - reports that the fish generated a measurably increased electrical charge when a student combed her hair beside the fish tank.   The fish died soon after this, but replacements were acquired, and working with his exceptionally capable research assistant Kenneth E Machin (1924-1988), whose PhD had covered radio-astronomy, Lissmann was able, through observation and measurement, to demonstrate that the variable electrical charge was produced by the knife fish itself, and that the fish reacted to any change in the electric field around it, even when produced close to, but outside, the fish tank itself. They were helped in their work by a perspex model of an African knife fish constructed by Ken Machin, with two electrodes attached to it permitting the perspex fish to generate an electric field equivalent to that produced by the real fish. Machin struggled and failed to produce for the perspex fish an intricate variability in the strength and shape of its magnetic field comparable to the produced by the real fish, but observations involving the perspex fish nevertheless provided a large additional amount of valuable data.  A key conclusion was that the  African knife fish was using changes in resistance within the electric field with which it surrounded itself to detect changes in its surroundings, and was using the information to trigger appropriate behavioural responses.

Paragraph 28: The game would become a story of two halves as the Falcons came out and as the Falcons defense slowed down the powerhouse McCoy and forced Pitt to two fumbles and an interception.  Bowling Green would take their first lead of the game with an 8-yard run by wide receiver Anthony Turner with 3:53 left in the third quarter.  The preceding extra point was blocked by Pitt and the Falcons took the lead of 20–14.  Early in the fourth quarter the Bowling Green defense caused Pitt's third fumble and seemed to return it to the end zone for an apparent game-winning touchdown, but due to an inadvertent whistle, Bowling Green was stripped of the touchdown, but still took over possession of the ball at Pitt's 11-yard line.  The Falcons would make good on their field position scoring on an 11-yard run on a quarterback draw by Sheehan which increased the Falcons' lead to 27–17.  Pitt continued to attempt to mount a comeback but after Lee's missed field goal of 42 yards at 3:58 left in the fourth quarter blew the wind out of Pitt's sails and Stull being intercepted in the end zone by Kenny Lewis with 1:26 left in the game officially put Pitt away.  The Falcons improved to 1–0 on the season and had their second consecutive season opening victory over a BCS Conference opponent (having defeated Minnesota 32–31 in overtime the year before), although being outgained by the Pitt offense 393–254.  Sheehan lead the Falcons in the passing game completing 24 of 40 attempts for 163 yards, 1 touchdown, and an interception, followed by Barnes who was 2 of 2 for 27 yards and a touchdown.  The Falcons' running game was led by Chris Bullock who had 7 rushes for 44 yards, followed by Turner and Sheehan who each had a rushing touchdown.  Bullock also led the receivers with 7 receptions for 49 yards along with Scheidler who had 3 receptions for 30 yards and two touchdowns.  Jamal Brown led the Falcons defense with 14 tackles, followed by Antonio Smith's 12.  Smith, Lewis, and Enrique Dozier each forced fumbles, with Lewis, Dozier, and Angelo Magnone each recovering a fumble and Lewis snagging the lone interception for the Falcons defense.  The Falcons were able to sack Stull four times, twice by Bronko Nagurski Trophy candidate Diyral Briggs and once each by Smith and Dozier.

Paragraph 29: Although Jason has had many romances, all of them were short-lived since he has a fear of commitment. He has had many flings with street residents, Candice Stowe (Nikki Sanderson) and Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien). He seemed to have settled down with Violet Wilson (Jenny Platt), even uncharacteristically promising to care for her when he thought she was pregnant. Jason is stunned to learn about Violet sharing a drunken kiss with his enemy/employer, Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward). He attempts to continue the relationship but is unable to forgive Violet and ends their relationship. During their separation, he starts dating Sarah and despite reconciling with Violet, he continues his affair with her. Eventually, Violet discovers the affair and dumps Jason. Separated from Violet again, Jason and Sarah continue their relationship, much to the dismay of their mothers. Their relationship struggles initially as Sarah feels insecure about his feelings for Violet and the fact he proposed to Sarah while still with Violet, leading to a showdown in which Sarah ends her relationship with Jason in the Rovers. After days of constant quarrels, Jason ultimately decides to get back with Sarah and after she refuses to speak to him, Jason breaks into her house and proposes. She accepts, although they suffer further disapproval from their mothers. They announce their engagement in the Rovers in Violet's presence, which Sarah wants to do to make a point. The wedding, though, is a disaster. Jason develops cold feet and flees through a toilet window at the venue, leaving Sarah heartbroken. After months of ignoring Jason, Sarah reunites with him. However, on Christmas Day 2006, Jason has a major surprise delivered to the front door in the shape of a baby – supposedly his little girl by a young woman called Emma (Stephanie Waring). It later turns out that baby Holly is the baby of Charlie Stubbs.

Paragraph 30: Beel studied Law at the Radboud University Nijmegen obtaining a Master of Laws degree and worked as a civil servant in Eindhoven and for the Provincial-Executive of Overijssel from July 1929 until May 1942 and as a researcher at his alma mater before finishing his thesis and graduating as a Doctor of Law in Administrative law and during World War II worked as a lawyer in Eindhoven from May 1942 until January 1945. Shortly before the end of the War Beel was appointed as Minister of the Interior in the Cabinet Gerbrandy III, the last government-in-exile taking office on 23 February 1945. After a cabinet formation Beel retained his position in the national unity Cabinet Schermerhorn–Drees. After the election of 1946 Beel was asked to lead a new cabinet and following a successful cabinet formation with Labour Leader Willem Drees formed the Cabinet Beel I and became Prime Minister of the Netherlands and dual served as Minister of the Interior taking office on 3 July 1946.