Paragraph 1: The first known written mention of the locality is in a document from July 15, 1431, in which the Prince of Moldavia Alexandru cel Bun offered to Ivan Cupcici "14 villages with their old domains and empty land to found new villages and an apiary". According to the document, the old name of Edineț was Viadineți, possibly meaning "little Viadins". A document dating August 18, 1690, given by Prince Constantin Movilă to Cozma Pop, mentions the village as Iadineți. The name Edineț is documented since 1663, and is still used today. Between 1918–1940, the alternative spellings Edineți and Edinița were sometimes used. 

Paragraph 2: There are two basic friction processes: normal contact, and lateral sliding. We demonstrated here a TENG that is designed based on the in-plane sliding between the two surfaces in lateral direction. With an intensive triboelectrification facilitated by sliding friction, a periodic change in the contact area between two surfaces leads to a lateral separation of the charge centers, which creates a voltage drop for driving the flow of electrons in the external load. The sliding-induced electricity generation mechanism is schematically depicted in the figure. In the original position, the two polymeric surfaces fully overlap and intimately contact with each other. Because of the large difference in the ability to attract electrons, the triboelectrification will leave one surface with net positive charges and the other with net negative charges with equal density. Since the tribo-charges on the insulators will only distribute in the surface layer and will not be leaked out for an extended period of time, the separation between the positively charged surface and negatively charged surface is negligible at this overlapping position, and thus there will be little electric potential drop across the two electrodes. Once the top plate with the positively charged surface starts to slide outward, the in-plane charge separation is initiated due to the decrease in contact surface area. The separated charges will generate an electric field pointing from the right to the left almost parallel to the plates, inducing a higher potential at the top electrode. This potential difference will drive a current flow from the top electrode to the bottom electrode in order to generate an electric potential drop that cancels the tribo-charge-induced potential. Because the vertical distance between the electrode layer and the tribo-charged polymeric surface is negligible compared to the lateral charge separation distance, the amount of the transferred charges on the electrodes approximately equals to the amount of the separated charges at any sliding displacement. Thus, the current flow will continue with the continuation of the ongoing sliding process that keeps increasing the separated charges, until the top plate fully slides out of the bottom plate and the tribo-charged surfaces are entirely separated. The measured current should be determined by the rate at which the two plates are being slid apart. Subsequently, when the top plate is reverted to slide backwards, the separated charges begins to get in contact again but no annihilation due to the insulator nature of the polymer materials. The redundant transferred charges on the electrodes will flow back through the external load with the increase of the contact area, in order to keep the electrostatic equilibrium. This will contribute to a current flow from the bottom electrode to the top electrode, along with the second half cycle of sliding. Once the two plates reach the overlapping position, the charged surfaces get into fully contact again. There will be no transferred charges left on the electrode, and the device returns to the first state. In this entire cycle, the processes of sliding outwards and inwards are symmetric, so a pair of symmetric alternating current peaks should be expected.

Paragraph 3: Cheng Yen was born in Taiwan during the Japanese occupation. She developed an interest in Buddhism as a young adult, ordaining as a Buddhist nun in 1963 under the well known proponent of humanistic Buddhism, master Yin Shun. After an encounter with a poor woman who had a miscarriage, and a conversation with Roman Catholic nuns who talked about the various charity work of the Catholic Church, Cheng Yen founded the Tzu Chi Foundation in 1966 as a Buddhist humanitarian organization. The organization began as a group of thirty housewives who saved money for needy families. Tzu Chi gradually grew in popularity and expanded its services over time to include medical, environmental, and disaster relief work, eventually becoming one of the largest humanitarian organizations in the world, and the largest Buddhist organization in Taiwan.

Paragraph 4: Org sourced land and selected three farms, namely Klipriviersberg, Elandsfontein and Swartkoppies. In 1856, Johannes Petrus Meyer (better known as Jan Meyer) acquired  of his father's Elandsfontein farm and built a house next to the Natalspruit, close to where the civic centre stands today. In 1890, he built a new farmhouse mansion on the opposite end of the farm that was miraculously left unharmed during the Anglo Boer War of 1899–1902. The homestead can still be seen today from the bypassing N12 freeway. Jan's brother, also Johan Georg (Org) Meyer, took over the farm after Jan's death. General Hendrik Abraham Alberts, a veteran of the Anglo Boer War, purchased a part of the farm from Org in 1904 and named it Alberton.

Paragraph 5: Until recently, nodular fasciitis was considered a reaction to trauma or some other unidentified insult at the site where the tumor subsequently developed. However, recent findings indicate that up to 92% of NF tumors involve the self-limiting growth of a clone (i.e. a group of identical cells that share a common ancestry} of neoplastic cells that contain a fusion gene. Fusion genes are abnormal genes consisting of parts from two different genes that form as a result of large scale gene mutations such as chromosomal translocations, interstitial deletions, or inversions. The fusion gene found in NF tumor cells consists of a part of the USP6 gene combined with any one of numerous other genes. Its most common partner gene in NF is the MYH9 (i.e. myosin-9) gene. This USP6-MYH9 fusion gene forms as a result of a translocation of part of the USP6 gene located at band 13.2 on the long (or "q") arm of chromosome 17 with part of the MYH9 gene at band 13.2 on the short (or "p") arm of chromosome 22. Other genes that partner with the USP6 gene to form a fusion gene found in NF include the: RRBP1 (i.e. ribosome binding protein 1) gene, CALU (calumenin) gene, CTNNB1 (catenin beta 1) gene, MIR22HG (produces the MIR22HG long non-coding RNA) gene, SPARC (secreted protein acidic and cysteine rich [also termed osteonectin]) gene, THBS2 (thrombospondin-2) gene, COL6A2 (collagen type VI alpha 2 chain) gene, SEC31A {SEC31 homolog A, COPII coat complex component) gene, EIF5A (eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A) gene, COL1A1 (collagen type I alpha 1 chain) gene, COL1A2 (collagen type I alpha 2 chain) gene, COL3A1 (collagen type III alpha 1 chain) gene, PAFAH1B1 (platelet activating factor acetylhydrolase 1b regulatory subunit 1) gene, SERPINH1 (serpin family H member 1) gene which produces heat shock protein 47, PDLIM7 (PDZ and LIM domain protein 7) gene, and MYL12A (myosin regulatory light chain 12A) gene. While very few cases have been analyzed to date, USP6-containing fusion genes have been found in the tumor cells of 7 of 15 tested cases of cranial fasciitis and six of  six tested cases of intravascular fasciitis.

Paragraph 6: In 1965, Jim Concannon, who was then in charge of Concannon's research and development, contacted Dr. Harold Olmo at UC Davis about establishing a program to clone some of the 1893 vines at Concannon's Livermore Vineyard. Dr. Olmo, Professor Curt Alley and Jim Concannon prepared a test bed where they could closely monitor specimens of the grapes descended from these wines. The three collaborators then took three cuttings from a single vine  The vine specimens were heat treated to remove any trace of viral disease, then propagated under close observation at the Oakville Campus of UC Davis. UC Davis formally registered the wines to the wine industry under their code names between 1970 and 1974. This research program is credited with creating Concannon Cabernet Clones 7, 8 and 11, which now account for an estimated 80% of all cabernet sauvignon produced in the state of California.  According to UC Davis,  Its success in producing and selling sacramental or altar wine for the Roman Catholic Church helped it to survive national Prohibition. Grape cuttings from this vineyard were introduced to Mexico between 1889 and 1904 for the improvement of its commercial viticulture. As such, the vineyard has been designated a California Historical Landmark (#641).

Paragraph 7: The character has received positive critical and public reception. Upon her debut in Tekken 3, Next Generation commented that she and fellow Tekken 3 character Julia Chang "conform to different and equally depressing 'cute schoolgirl' stereotypes", while PlayStation Universe felt she was unique in the franchise due to her innocence rarely seen in other characters. Robert Workman of GameDaily named Ling Xiaoyu as one of his favorite female Asian video game characters, calling her "a joy to behold". GameDaily rated her among the "chicks that will kick your ass": "If you mistake Ling Xiaoyu for an innocent schoolgirl, prepare to get your nose schooled." In yet another article by GameDaily, they complimented her as "hot," and that she "knows how to dress". Writing for ImpulseGamer, model Tara Babcock called Xiaoyu her favorite Tekken character due to her moves and most notably her hairstyle. MSN said of the character made the cheongsam fashionable again, and reminded the world that girls in tight clothing can still pull off some amazing fighting moves. Kevin Wong of Complex rated her the eleventh-best Tekken character in 2013: "Ling Xiaoyu is what happens when you put an 8-year-old girl's mind into a 19-year-old girl's body. With her plaid-skirted school uniform, barely legal hairstyle, and butt slapping shenanigans, Ling is somehow both kawaii and creepy." IGN called Xiaoyu "a fun character to use", while "everyone loves a schoolgirl that can kick some booty." FHM listed Xiaoyu and Chun-Li as one of the "10 awesome fantasy fights" in Street Fighter X Tekken. Anthony Taormina of Game Rant called Xiaoyu "not just a representative of the strong female fighters in Tekken, but in video games in general", but in describing what he considered the unrealistic depiction of students in video games ("A peppy individual who enjoys nothing more than dabbling in deadly martial arts during their free periods"), David Meikleham of GamesRadar commented on Xiaoyu: "Instead, she’d be spending all her downtime writing essays, revising and generally making her brow as furrowed as possible." Stakester praised the handling and impact Xiaoyu has in the fighting game genre as a result of her charming personality and dream.

Paragraph 8: In 1904, while living in Amsterdam, he wrote the novel Pijpelijntjes ("Lines from De Pijp"), which pretends to be a thinly veiled version of his own gay life with Arnold Aletrino in Amsterdam's "Pijp" working-class district. The homo-eroticism of the book, shocking to readers in the early 20th century, led to his dismissal from his teaching job and social-democratic political circles. Aletrino and Johanna van Maarseveen, de Haan's fiancée, bought almost the entire print run of the book, to keep a lid on the scandal. In 1907, he married van Maarseveen, a non-Jewish doctor; they separated in 1919, but never officially divorced.

Paragraph 9: The 9503-DG5/DGP/DGM model had a native refresh rate of 48 Hz and did not come with a graphics card but included an external converter box that receives a dual-link DVI signal, re-synchronizes, buffers, and splits it into two single-link signals - one carrying odd pixels plus sync, and the other even pixels plus sync. A third party connector adapter, previously available in Japan, buffers and splits only the TMDS sync signal. Internal dual-link retrofits included an unbuffered hardwire jumper-split of the TMDS sync signal which resulted in impedance mismatch; and, unbuffered hardwire split of the TMDS sync signal with a 24 Ohm series resistor on each leg. Using just one dual-link DVI interface through a converter box allows a refresh rate of 24 Hz or 25 Hz. When the converter box is used in parallel with a third single-link DVI input, a refresh rate of 48 Hz can be achieved. In this mode the dual-link DVI drives the left 2624×2400 portion of the screen and the single-link DVI drives the remaining 1216×2400 portion. Alternatively, two converter boxes can be used simultaneously with two dual-link DVI ports to drive the DG5 as two 1920×2400 stripes at 48 Hz.  For legacy AGP video cards with only three TMDS channels (such as most cards based on NVIDIA Quadro FX 3000 or NVIDIA GeForce 6) the converter box is needed to get the maximum refresh rate.  With four TMDS links, the monitor can be driven at maximum refresh rate at any resolution using four 1920×1200 tiles.  The converter box does not work with earlier revisions of the monitor. Driving the monitor with four DVI cables requires a sufficiently powerful graphics card, for example the Matrox Parhelia HR256 legacy PCI-X card. The uncommon resolution, connection and screen splitting may require custom settings for systems not officially supported.

Paragraph 10: Pitchfork contributor Jason Heller said "Wraithlike vocals and numbed melodies hanging over pinprick prog fretwork... The pulse of ethereal '70s rock – from Pink Floyd to Hawkwind's more celestial moments... Dual vocal lines emanate from some unseen place, sometimes braided together in a conjoined plea for connection... Heartbreakingly beautiful." Kim Kelly of Noisey music by Vice said "Landless is a tour-de-force... out-there progression, ethereal atmosphere, and unexpected harmonies." Natalie Zina Walschots of Exclaim writes "Eight Bells have created a veritable monument to yearning... Breathless, imbalanced genius." BrooklynVegan staffer Rob Sperry-Fromm says "There's a classical doom feel... wedded to a modern sense of progressiveness, with reverb-y harmonies and organ melding creating a vivid contrast with the driving, powerful drumming of new member Rae Amitay." According to the Invisible Oranges staff, "[Melynda] Jackson's chiming and piercing guitar tone evokes The Edge's celebratory playing style. She and [Haley] Westeiner employ two-part harmonies, the sort often used in medieval choir music... Their jagged, sometimes Slint-like approach to songwriting, and their assonant sining make their songs obscure... I find myself obsessed with the surface of Eight Bells' music, curious what lies beneath." MetalSucks Senior Editor Anso DF says "Another time and dimension... where Ulver and Ihsahn are Pink Floyd's precedents, where lyrics can trade mind-travels for centuries-ago suffering..." Walker MacMurdo at the Willamette Week writes, "Soaring, clean vocals punching through an aura of swirling melancholy... Landless sounds like a strong contender – Portland or otherwise – for the best metal album of the usually slow first quarter of 2016." According to loudwire.com, Landless is ”An exercise in sonic dreamscapes... Unpredictable from moment to moment, Landless is an exciting listen." Allen Griffin at Burning Ambulance says ”Like any great trio, each instrument is equally important to the overall architecture of the sound... Eight Bells is much more than the sum of their parts. Eight Bells have crafted a unique sound, one that is thematically consistent, from lyrics to artwork and sonic palette as well." According to Echoes and Dust writer Peter Meinertzhagen, "Landless drifts like an ethereal mist, enveloping you slowly... Eight Bells shrug off the meandering bluesy psychedelia of their debut in favor of a sound that is darker, more mature, and more atmospheric, sounding less like a jam and more like a crafted narrative." Manny-O-War at Nine Circles says "It takes special talent and songwriting to grab the listener with what's not there; to entice the listener with merely the mood or emotion of your music. Eight Bells are experts here... The perfect combination of Brian Eno, Ulver and King Crimson." Brian Krasman of Meat Mead Metal writes "From the progressive sections, to the enthralling arrangements, to the lush vocal harmonies that push the story, to the propulsive drumming, this group create weaving, winding tapestries that are melodic, dark, hypnotic... This is an adventure."

Paragraph 11: In 1433, penetrating (The Upper) Silesia, the Hussites reached Rybnik. They were slaughtering local people, plundering houses and burning everything that was within their sight, especially the symbols of Christianity. In those terrible times, a dying woman wanted the priest to come with the sacramental ministry. Her husband, ignoring the danger, that is, the prowling Hussites, decided to comply with her request. Ultimately, he managed to reach the church and there, he asked the rector for the sacramental ministry for his dying wife. Father Valentine, as a very saintly person, was sent to the woman’s house. He was a man of great faith, that is why he did not hide with his pious intentions. Therefore, the group of Hussites noticed him going with The Holy Sacrament. They were only waiting for an opportunity to profane the symbol of Christianity. Father Valentine noticed the Hussites dashing towards him but he was not afraid of losing his life, he only wanted to protect the Holy Sacrament from insulting. He found an oak and therein a big, spacious hollow. On the spur of the moment, he put there The Sacred Host. Delighted with his act of heroism, Father Valentine started to worry about his life, but it was already too late. The Hussites caught up with him and inflicted truly martyr’s death. The man was observing this incident from the distance, and as soon as the Hussites went away, he buried the body of the heroic priest. After some time, when the Hussites left Silesia, people began to emerge from their hiding places. The rumour about the heroic priest spread among neighbouring villages and in the place where he was buried, the source of crystal clear water (which later proved to be healing water) ejaculated. Since then, pilgrimages of believers began to head there. According to the folk tales, there were thousands of people who were healed thanks to this water. Years passed, but nobody knew where Father Valentine had hidden The Holy Sacrament. Until one day, some shepherds noticed the brightness over the oak. They informed about this the neighbouring people and priests, and The Sacred Host was found. People associated this fact with the death of Father Valentine. The rector of that time put the cross there to commemorate those events. Since then, the wood, in which the cross and the source of healing water is settled, has been a place of numerous pilgrimages.

Paragraph 12: A more recent meta-analysis suggests that ITSs can exceed the effectiveness of both CAI and human tutors, especially when measured by local (specific) tests as opposed to standardized tests.  "Students who received intelligent tutoring outperformed students from conventional classes in 46 (or 92%) of the 50 controlled evaluations, and the improvement in performance was great enough to be considered of substantive importance in 39 (or 78%) of the 50 studies. The median ES in the 50 studies was 0.66, which is considered a moderate-to-large effect for studies in the social sciences. It is roughly equivalent to an improvement in test performance from the 50th to the 75th percentile. This is stronger than typical effects from other forms of tutoring. C.-L. C. Kulik and Kulik's (1991) meta-analysis, for example, found an average ES of 0.31 in 165 studies of CAI tutoring. ITS gains are about twice as high. The ITS effect is also greater than typical effects from human tutoring. As we have seen, programs of human tutoring typically raise student test scores about 0.4 standard deviations over control levels. Developers of ITSs long ago set out to improve on the success of CAI tutoring and to match the success of human tutoring. Our results suggest that ITS developers have already met both of these goals.... Although effects were moderate to strong in evaluations that measured outcomes on locally developed tests, they were much smaller in evaluations that measured outcomes on standardized tests. Average ES on studies with local tests was 0.73; average ES on studies with standardized tests was 0.13. This discrepancy is not unusual for meta-analyses that include both local and standardized tests... local tests are likely to align well with the objectives of specific instructional programs. Off-the-shelf standardized tests provide a looser fit. ... Our own belief is that both local and standardized tests provide important information about instructional effectiveness, and when possible, both types of tests should be included in evaluation studies."

Paragraph 13: Ritz took office on January 19, 2013. As a member of the ISTA, she signed on to the 2011 court case against vouchers, but after her election in 2012, she removed her name so as not to have a conflict of interest in the case when she took office. The Indiana Supreme Court ruled unanimously in March 2013 that the vouchers were constitutional. In one of his first acts as governor, Mike Pence removed Ritz from control of the Educational Employment Relations Board, which is in charge of handling conflicts between unions and school boards. As Ritz assumed the chair of the Indiana State Board of Education, she clashed with politically-appointed members. In 2013, the Republican-controlled legislature budgeted and Governor Pence used his executive authority to create the Center for Education and Career Innovation, which duplicated some of the Superintendent's staff work for state board. CECI initiated a plan to remove Ritz from the state board by removing the superintendent from the chair position. In 2014, Indiana became the first state to pull out of the Common Core standards with the support of the state legislature, Gov. Pence, and endorsed by Ritz and the legislature authorized Ritz to oversee the development of new standards. Pence and Ritz were able to agree on the new standards. New tests were created for those standards and also the federally mandated standards pushed by Pence, which resulted in 12-hours of standardized testing. Controversy developed over who was responsible for length of the testing time with the Governor of Indiana blaming Ritz and Ritz responding that it was due to Pence's demand that the federally mandated standards be included. Pence ordered the tests halved but did not have the authority. The House agreed to reduce the test by a fourth and the Indiana Department of Education implemented the changes. In 2014, Ritz also opposed the Republicans push to create a fast track for teacher certification saying that the standards for licensing should be kept rigorous. This was passed by the state legislature and signed by Gov. Pence. On January 29, 2015, Indiana's House Education Committee voted in favor of allowing the State Board of Education to elect its own chair rather than be headed by the Superintendent of Public Instruction. At the time, Ritz refused to speculate whether she would remain chair but expressed that the electorate gave her a mandate to do that job. Ritz made a short statement at the debate: "The Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction has held the position of chair of the State Board of Education for over 100 years. Indiana chose to have its highest-ranking elected authority on education be the chair and the 2012 elected Superintendent should be afforded this role." In the Senate, Senate President Pro Tem David Long (R-Fort Wayne) explained her removal by saying, "In all fairness, Superintendent Ritz was a librarian, okay?” and other Republican senators questioning her credentials to be state superintendent. Gov. Pence signed the legislation authorizing the state board to elect its chair and taking effect in 2017.

Paragraph 14: The location of the Kiley Gardens is in the Downtown Tampa area. It is an urban area surrounded by libraries, popular eating places, the University of Tampa, and business headquarters. The gardens were originally a part of the NationsBank Plaza before being built on top of an underground garage. The site has been neglected for many years and is now being supported by the Cultural Landscape Foundation. The foundation is currently trying to restore the gardens to their former glory. Kiley Gardens is currently under reconstruction and partnered with members and residents of Downtown Tampa in an effort to improve its current state. The gardens are accredited by the Tampa Bay Foundation for Architecture and Design. The Kiley Gardens were designed by Dan Kiley with the help of Henry Wolf. The purpose of the gardens was to create some shade in the Downtown Tampa area and more importantly create the feeling of taking a walk in the woods in such an urban setting. The pattern of the garden was set to look like the Fibonacci mathematical sequence. The sequence is meant to start with the numbers zero and one and each number after that is the sum of the two previous numbers added together. When the gardens first opened in 1988 the goal was to have many more trees covering the area, five individual islands with a tree in the middle of each island, and plants such as palm allées and crepe myrtles. The garden was also supposed to have water features, such as basins and a water garden, and a view of the Hillsborough River and the University of Tampa. The original design for the garden was never completed and later it created many structural issues with the underground parking garage leading to the garden being torn down. Before it was completely destroyed the garden was saved by the City of Tampa and partnerships between local businesses and community members who wanted to preserve the legacy Dan Kiley left behind. The gardens were meant to represent a connection to nature in an ever growing urban area.

Paragraph 15: Carroll was born in Fayetteville, North Carolina, on April 8, 1958, the son of Maurice C. and Margaret W. Carroll.  Although his parents resided in New Jersey, his father's military service carried him to Fort Bragg at the time of his son's birth.  Both of Carroll's parents are former reporters, his father having written for the New York Herald Tribune, The New York Times and Newsday, while his mother wrote for the Daily Record. His father has been the director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute. He is of German and Irish descent. Carroll moved with his family to Morris Township, New Jersey in 1960. Carroll attended public school in the Morris School District through grammar school, then Delbarton School, from which he graduated in 1976.  He attended Johns Hopkins University, earning a B.A. in Social and Behavioral Sciences in 1980.  He pursued his legal education at Rutgers School of Law–Newark, receiving his J.D. in 1983. While at Johns Hopkins, Carroll served as the Region II Co-Director for the College Republican National Federation and held various offices in the Johns Hopkins Republican Club, including President.  In 1978, he interned in the offices of Congressman Jack Kemp.  During law school, he served briefly as an aide to State Senator John Dorsey. He also founded the Morris County Young Republicans, serving as the Chairman of that group for four years.  He was first elected to the Morris County Republican Committee for Morris Township in 1980.  In 1984, after moving to Morristown, he was elected to the Republican County Committee there, serving as chairman for one term.  Returning to Morris Township, he was once again elected to the Republican County Committee, a position he presently holds.  He is also a Member of the Knights of Columbus, the Federalist Society and the Friendly Sons of Saint Patrick.

Paragraph 16: In 1894, Breckinridge and her family moved to Russia when President Grover Cleveland appointed her father to serve as the U.S. minister to that country. They returned to the United States in 1897. Her autobiography emphasizes the story of her younger brother's birth at the American Legation in St. Petersburg, Russia as her first encounter with a trained midwife that would prove to be formative in her vision of the Frontier Nursing Service. She was 14 at the time. Her mother was attended by two physicians, a family physician and an obstetrician, as well a Russian nurse-midwife, Madame Kouchnova, who took the lead while the doctors stood by. Her mother and the young Russian Empress Alexandra of Russia, mother of the Grand Duchess Olga, chose to breastfeed their infants, at a time when women of rank customarily relied on wet-nurses.  Breckinridge, born in Memphis, Tennessee, during the Reconstruction era, was fed by a wet nurse and supplemented by goat milk. Her wet nurse was a woman of color with a child of her own. Her mother had suffered from childbed fever after the birth, so she did not breastfeed her daughter. Up to the age of 13, she lived in Washington D.C. during the winter and spent most summer months at Hazelwood, a country house in New York, with her great aunt, Mrs. James Lees. "Grandmother Lees," as she was called by all the cousins, was born in Kentucky and spent much of her fortune educating southern children, with special care for Kentucky children. Breckinridge recalled her grandmother reading letters from the children out loud. Hence, it seemed fitting to her to later invest her inheritance from Grandmother Lees in the Frontier Nursing Service. She also visited the Oasis Plantation in the Mississippi Delta, home of her maternal uncles. It is there she learned at a young age to ride horseback, a necessary skill and signature mode of travel among the nurse-midwives of the Frontier Nursing Service.

Paragraph 17: Rajyasamacharam, published from Tellicherry and edited by Hermann Gundert was the first Malayalam journal. It started publication in June 1847 and closed down in 1850. Paschimodayam, the second journal in Malayalam, was also published from Tellicherry and circulated between October 1847 and June 1857. Both journals were published by the Basel Mission Society and were aimed at propagating Christian religious values and teachings. Many other early Malayalam newspapers were also published by Christian missionaries. The list includes Njananikshepam which was published by the Church Mission Society in Kottayam from November 1848; Vidyasamgraham which was an educational publication of the Kottayam CMS College first published in 1864; Satyanada Kahalam which was a Catholic newspaper that started in 1876; Keralopakari which was published by the Basel Mission Society from 1878; and Nasrani Deepika which started publication in 1887. Satyanada Kahalam continued in existence till 1999 in the form of Kerala Times, to which it had merged in 1970. Nasrani Deepika, which became Deepika in 1939 remains the oldest Malayalam newspaper still in circulation. Other early Malayalam newspapers include Malayala Manorama, Malayali, Western Star and Kerala Tharaka in Travancore, Kerala Mithram and Satyanadam in Cochin and Kerala Pathrika and Kerala Sanchari in Malabar. Chengalathu Kunhirama Menon and Kandathil Varghese Mappila are considered the pioneers of Malayalam journalism in Malabar and Travancore respectively.

Paragraph 18: The Berber Question was revived during this period. The youth of Kabyle fought for the assertion of their Berber culture in a post-independent Arabist-Islamist Algeria. Repression of Berber particularism combined with the accelerating programs of Arabization in schools and universities led to the sharpening of the divide and the eventual outbreak of the 1980 Berber Spring. The catalyst was set on the 10th of March 1980, when the government banned a lecture given by Mouloud Mammeri on Ancient Berber poetry at the University of Tizi Ouzou. Strikes continued until the 26th of June. The Berber demonstrations in Algeria of that year were the first instance in the international scene where a Berber group demanded recognition on the institutional level of their culture, language, and place in society. The later 1980s saw a rise in Berber associations, political parties and cultural movements. Article 56 of the 1976 constitution stated that preliminary certification was needed in order to establish associations, over which the administration had discretionary power. Legally, this meant that no Berber associations could exist from 1962 until this was amended out of the constitution in 1988. Underground Berber groups could now officially register themselves, and by July 1989 there were officially 154 of these organizations. Of the most notable included the Berber Cultural Movement (MCB) which held its first official meeting in July 1989 in Tizi Ouzo. The MCB comprised French intellectuals and Kabliyan students with the agenda to oppose Arabization, call for recognition of Amazigh culture and language, and implement a Western style democracy. The MCB mobilized large groups of people and coordinated multiple protests to advance Berber culture, language, and position in civil society. However, the MCB had major limits on the account that the MCB was unable to resist the partisan tensions between the FFS and the RCD.

Paragraph 19: Back in Turkey, Azmi's wife Güzin receives one of his letters. She frets because it is the first she has heard from him in ten days. Güzin spends her time with her best friend, Sadan. Sadan's mother, who has a heart condition, says Sadan has been ill and walking in her sleep lately, though Sadan seems happy as she recently became engaged to Turan. Güzin and Sadan go to the seashore, and while taking a walk, they meet four men carrying a coffin-like box, which they say is full of dirt from Romania. The men say that two other men hired to move the boxes of earth disappeared in transit. That night Sadan walks in her sleep. Güzin follows her to the seashore and sees her near the foot of a seaside staircase, being preyed upon by Dracula, who disappears. Güzin walks Sadan back to her room. Sadan begins to suffer from a mysterious illness that leaves her pale and weak. Her illness baffles Dr. Akif, and Dr. Nuri is called to examine Sadan, noticing that she has two tiny wounds on her throat. Güzin meanwhile learns that Azmi is being nursed back to health in a hospital in Edirne. She goes to bring him home. Dr. Nuri recommends blood transfusions for Sadan, and also places garlic in her room and prepares a wreath of it for her to wear in her sleep. He warns that her windows should not be opened at night. That night, Sadan's mother removes the necklace, and The Count breaks the window to Sadan's room and attacks her. Sadan's mother, who is still in the room at the time, dies of a heart attack. Azmi and Güzin return from Edirne, but they are too late. Sadan is on her deathbed, the marks from her neck have vanished and her teeth appear longer and sharper. She speaks with strange seductiveness to Turan, but Dr. Nuri prevents Turan from kissing her. Sadan dies, is buried and then rises as a vampire, who preys on children. Dr. Nuri, Azmi, Güzin, Dr. Akif, and Turan agree to join forces against the Count. Dr. Nuri tells the others of his suspicions about Dracula, and about his limitations: he retreats from garlic, and he can be killed by a stake through the heart or by decapitation. Dr. Nuri also reveals that the wounds in the children's throats weren't made in the same way as Sadan's wounds, but were made by Sadan herself. Dr. Nuri leads Dr. Akif, Azmi, and Turan to the graveyard by night. Inside the tomb, Sadan's coffin is empty.

Paragraph 20: On July 2, 1879, workmen widening a carriage road near the Taughannock House Hotel uncovered what appeared to be the petrified body of a seven-foot-tall man. Newspapers reported on the find, and Cornell University scientists removed parts of the body for examination. Over 5,000 people paid a small admission fee to view the 800-pound "giant." Before long, the figure was revealed to be a hoax created by the hotel's owner, John Thompson, and two associates. The idea for the hoax had been inspired by the Cardiff Giant, a similar "discovery" in nearby Cardiff, New York in 1869. Although the original giant has been damaged and lost, a replica was constructed for the Tompkins Center for History & Culture by local artists in 2019.

Paragraph 21: In May 2007, American actress Lindsay Lohan crashed her Mercedes-Benz in Beverly Hills. Police found a "small amount" of cocaine in her car and blogger Perez Hilton posted on his blog that the drugs belonged to Ronson, using another celebrity gossip blog as a source for the story. Two weeks later he started selling "Blame Samantha" T-shirts and called Ronson a "lezbot dj". Ronson hired Martin Garbus to start a defamation suit against Hilton and the original source for the story, Celebrity Babylon. Celebrity Babylon agreed to issue a retraction and apology on the understanding that Ronson would drop the claim; Hilton's lawyers asked the judge to throw out the case as an assault on his free speech rights. Garbus thought that it would be impossible to produce evidence that Hilton had acted with malice and reached an agreement with Hilton which would have kept Ronson from paying his legal fees. Ronson wanted Hilton's retraction and vetoed the proposal. Around the same time Garbus presented a $100,000 bill after the $25,000 retainer had been accounted for. Garbus withdrew from the case and neither he nor Ronson appeared at Hilton's hearing, where the judge ruled in Hilton's favour dismissing the case and ordering Ronson to pay Hilton's $85,000 legal fees.

Paragraph 22: The Priapeia (or Carmina Priapea) is a collection of eighty (in some editions ninety-five) anonymous short Latin poems in various meters on subjects pertaining to the phallic god Priapus. They are believed to date from the 1st century AD or the beginning of the 2nd century. A traditional theory about their origin is that they are an anthology of poems written by various authors on the same subject. However, it has recently been argued that the 80 poems are in fact the work of a single author, presenting a kind of biography of Priapus from his vigorous youth to his impotence in old age.

Paragraph 23: Orlando's first win of the season came in gameweek three as FC Cincinnati visited Exploria Stadium. Tesho Akindele opened the scoring of a dominant 3–0 victory in a franchise record 31 seconds. In total, the Lions recorded 23 shots. The second goal of the game, scored by Nani chopping back on his left, sitting a defender down in the process and curling the ball into the top corner from 22 yards was voted MLS goal of the week. On May 8, Nani scored for the third consecutive game as Orlando City took the lead at home to New York City FC before João Moutinho, who had been called on as a halftime substitute to make his first appearance of the season following an injury to Ruan, conceded the game-tying penalty of a 1–1 draw. The club set a new record on May 16 with a 1–0 victory away to D.C. United as the five game unbeaten streak was the Lions' longest such run to start a season. Mauricio Pereyra scored the only goal of the game in the 7th minute. From then on Orlando defended deep, conceding shots but D.C. only registered one on target. Their frustrations eventually boiled over as home fans threw debris on to the field and players clashed in stoppage time. Hernán Losada was particularly embittered by Orlando's tactics stating: "The way where you dominate the whole game, the opponent doesn't know what else to do to neutralize the game, to waste time, to park the bus. They didn't want to play after they scored the goal." The result left Orlando as one of three remaining unbeaten teams in the league. Nani retrospectively received a two-game suspension following a review by the MLS Disciplinary Committee that deemed he had made "unwanted physical contact" with the referee while trying to prevent further clashing between the two sets of players in stoppage time. The MLS Players Association issued a rebuke condemning the decision for "lacking integrity." On May 17, it was announced Exploria Stadium would be open to full capacity in June 2021, the first time since the 2020 season opener on February 29. February signing Silvester van der Water made his first start in place of the suspended Nani on 22 May 2021. He provided his first MLS assist for Akindele on the only goal of the game and was named player of the match as Orlando beat Toronto FC 1–0 to extend their unbeaten start to the season to six. The unbeaten start to the season ended on May 29 with a 2–1 defeat on the road to New York Red Bulls. Despite the good form, Orlando struggled to hold possession and came under persistent pressure, conceding twice within an hour. The Lions looked a better goal threat following the introduction of van der Water who came off the bench to score his first goal in the 84th minute but missed a clear opportunity to equalize shortly after. The game was also notable for the senior debut of Michael Halliday who started the game, setting a new record as the youngest first-team player at 18 years, 127 days, beating Tommy Redding's record set in August 2015 by 70 days.

Paragraph 24: An England under-19 and under-20 international, Carter began his career with Birmingham City, and came to prominence at the age of 18 when his penalty in the 2002 play-off final clinched the club's promotion to the Premier League. He was loaned to Sunderland in winter 2004, before he was sold to West Bromwich Albion for £1.5 million in July 2005. In August 2007, he joined Preston North End for a fee of up to £1.25 million. Loaned to Millwall in the 2010–11 season, he later had to spend the 2011–12 season without a club after tearing a groin muscle during a trial match. He returned to action in the 2012–13 campaign with Cheltenham Town, and then spent two seasons with Northampton Town. He spent the next two seasons with Forest Green Rovers of the National League and a further four with Solihull Moors.

Paragraph 25: Route 430 begins at an interchange with Route 1 (Trans-Canada Highway, Exit 16) in Deer Lake and it heads northwest to immediately cross the Humber River and have intersections with local roads leading to the Nicholsville neighbourhood and the town of Reidville. The highway now leaves Deer Lake and continues northwest through rural areas to have an intersection with Route 422 (Cormack Road) before it begins winding its way through the Long Range Mountains. Route 430 passes through Jack Ladder, Bonne Bay Pond, and Wiltondale, where it has an intersection with Route 431 (Bonne Bay Road), before passing through Gros Morne National Park. The highway now exits both the National Park and the mountain range as it passes through Rocky Harbour, where it meets a local road to Norris Point, before passing through neighbouring Lobster Cove, where it passes by the Lobster Cove Head Lighthouse. Route 430 begins heading up the western coastline of the Great Northern Peninsula (the Strait of Belle Isle side), passing through Bakers Brook, the Green Point portion of Gros Morne National Park, Sally's Cove (where it crosses the Western Brook), and Gulls Marsh. The highway now passes Gros Morne National Park's Western Brook Pond trailhead before passing through St. Pauls (where it crosses St. Paul's Bay). Route 430 has intersections with two local roads leading to Cow Head before passing through Three Mile Rock, Parson's Pond (where it crosses the Parson's Pond River), Portland Creek (where it crosses the creek of the same name), Daniel's Harbour, Bellburns, and River of Ponds (where it crosses the river of the same name) before the road turns more inland. The highway now passes through Hawke's Bay (where it crosses the Torrent River and Big East River) to meet a local road leading to Port Saunders and Port au Choix before Route 430 rejoins the coastline at Eddies Cove West. Route 430 passes through Barr'd Harbour and turns more inland again to pass through Castor River South (where it crosses the Castors River) to have intersections with local roads leading to the neighbouring settlements of Castor River North, Bartlett's Harbour, Reefs Harbour, Shoal Cove West, and New Ferolle before having an intersection with Route 432 (Main Point Highway/Grenfell Loop). The highway begins following the coastline again as it passes through Plum Point, where it meets a local road leading to Bird Cove and Brig Bay, before passing through Blue Cove, where it meets a local road leading to Pond Cove. Route 430 now has an intersection with a local road leading to Forrester's Point and Black Duck Cove before having an intersection with St. Barbe Ferry Road, which provides access to the town of St. Barbe and the Labrador Ferry. The highway passes northeastward through Anchor Point, Deadman's Cove, Flower's Cove, Savage Cove, Pines Cove, Green Island Cove, and Green Island Brook before turning eastward and inland after passing through Eddies Cove and just south of Watt's Point Ecological Reserve. Route 430 now passes by St. Anthony Airport, where it has another intersection with Route 432 (Main Point Highway/Grenfell Loop), before passing through Hare Island and having intersections with Route 435 (Cook's Harbour Road) and Route 436 (L'Anse aux Meadows Road). Route 430 crosses the Parkers River in between these two intersections. The highway now curves to the southeast to have an intersection with a local road leading to St. Anthony Bight, St. Carols, and Great Brehat before it enters St. Anthony, where Route 430 comes to an end at an intersection between West Street and Goose Cove Road just north of downtown.

Paragraph 26: Solaris was created in the 20th century section of the DC One Million storyline in an apparent predestination paradox, as his abilities were required to counteract an organic computer virus his 853rd century self had sent back, concealed in the android Hourman. Unbeknownst to those constructing him, Solaris' core programming was contained in the computer virus, resulting in the tyrant sun's creation being the result of a time loop, although he was swiftly defeated and banished to the outskirts of the galaxy by the Starman of the 853rd century before he could organise himself enough to take offensive action after his creation.

Paragraph 27: As Sylar continues to shapeshift, he finds it is harder and harder to regain his form without side effects, including left over body parts like teeth. He also retains personality traits and memories of those he changes into, causing him to go through a literal "identity crisis". When Danko tells him that he needs to leave his "Sylar" identity behind to retain his free pass, Sylar kills the next target on Danko's list, Tom Miller, and takes his power. Further examining the shapeshifting ability, Sylar realizes he is actually absorbing different DNA sequences into his body, causing him to permanently change a little each time he shifts. When Sylar starts to shapeshift in his sleep, Danko tells him he has to find an anchor that will remind him of who he is. To that effect, Sylar, as one of Danko's agents, retrieves the evidence from the homicide of his mother, Virginia Gray. While examining her collection of snow globes, Sylar unknowingly shapeshifts into his mother and begins to have a conversation with himself, showing acute symptoms of dissociative identity disorder. He at first does not realize what is happening and talks to his mother about his encounter with Samson, why his mother lied to Sylar about his lineage, and how he is starting to lose himself. He, as his mother, tries to convince himself that he did not mean to kill her and that he is still special. Danko interrupts when his agents track down Rebel. Sylar gets to Rebel (Micah Sanders) before Danko's agents do and prepares to kill him and take his power. Micah, however, reveals that he understands what Sylar is going through because his mother, Niki Sanders, endured the same thing when her power manifested. Convinced that Sylar is special and the only one capable of saving those with powers, Micah convinces Sylar to join his cause. Sylar, disguised as Micah, tricks Danko and his agents into chasing the wrong person, allowing Micah to escape. Sylar, again talking with "his mother", reveals that her murder was no accident, but "Virginia" forgives Sylar anyway, convinced that he can still be whomever he wants to be, including the President. Realizing his opportunity, Sylar breaks into Nathan Petrelli's office and finds a brush containing some of Nathan's DNA. He later appears, as Nathan, at a press conference concerning new plans for change he has for the country and how he soon plans to meet with the President and "shake his hand". Realizing what Sylar is trying to do, Nathan returns to DC from Coyote Sands and confronts Sylar, who reveals he has examined Nathan's life in depth using clairsentience. Expressing pity and determined to become better than Nathan, Sylar prepares to take Nathan's ability when Danko appears and stuns Nathan. Attempting to salvage his operation, Danko orders Sylar to shift back into one of his agents so they can continue hunting specials. When Sylar refuses, Danko stabs him in the back of the head with a knife. However, Sylar recovers, having used his shapeshifting ability to relocate his weak spot.

Paragraph 28: Three hundred and fifty years have passed since humans first settled the Balkan star system, located approximately 150 light years from Earth, where a number of planets have been terraformed to resemble Earth. Two 11-year-old twins, Thor and Rai, live on the space colony Juno until they come home to find their parents have been murdered. The unknown assassins drop Thor and Rai on Chimaera, a secret planet used as a penal colony. Thor learns about Chimaeran society's four "Rings" and how to leave Chimaera by becoming the Beast King from Zagi, who rescued Thor and Rai after they immediately run into trouble on the planet. Thor proceeds to the Ochre Ring where he gets swept up into that Ring's politics and winds up defeating its Top, bringing him closer to becoming the Beast King. After several years Thor faces off with Zagi who has violently taken over the Blanc ring and is determined to rule over and change Chimaeran society. Their encounter ends with an uneasy truce and a plan to force Juno to negotiate with Thor. When Thor finally meets Odin, the President of Juno, the mystery of Thor's and Chimaera's secret origins are revealed. Odin tells Thor he is a genetically engineered human created from the DNA of all the previous Beast Kings. His mother Eve was the lead researcher at the facility where he was created, and was a surrogate mother to him. Thor's genes adapt to survive under any circumstances, so they mimicked Eve's physical appearance. This is the reason Thor appeared to be Rai's twin. Odin also reveals no new children are being born in the colonies, and that Thor is humanity's last hope for survival. Finally, Odin reveals a long-kept secret: that Earth was destroyed by an asteroid collision long ago, and humanity cannot return there, so they must adapt to survive in the Balkan Star System. However, Odin's plans involve dissecting Thor in order to mass-produce more genetically engineered humans capable of surviving in Balkan, and terraforming Chimaera, which would kill the planet's current inhabitants. With the help of Third, Thor stops the terraforming process, though Third dies in the process. Thor returns to Chimaera to live with Chen, Zagi and the rest of the planet's inhabitants.

Paragraph 29: After one season absent, Frijns joined Envision Virgin Racing for the 2018-2019 Formula E season, partnered by Sam Bird. The Envision Virgin Racing team, suffered a difficult start to the season in Ad Diriyah, with Frijns starting from 20th position on the grid, just behind teammate Bird. Frijns managed to make his way up to 12th. He took his first podium for the team at the Marrakesh E-Prix, coming very close to overtaking Mahindra Racing's Jérome d'Ambrosio, but ultimately finishing second. Frijns drove a controlled race in Santiago, finishing in fifth, whilst Bird took the race victory. A forgettable weekend came next in Mexico City, starting 20th, after both Envision Virgin Racing cars hit problems in qualifying, battling his way up to 11th. Teammate Sam Bird, took the chequered flag first in Formula E's 50th ePrix in Hong Kong, but was denied the win after being found guilty of hitting André Lotterer, dropping Bird down to 6th place. Venturi's Edoardo Mortara inherited the race victory, promoting Lucas di Grassi into second and crucially Frijns to third, for his second podium finish of the 2018-19 season. For the next race in Sanya, Frijns had run in the top 10 for the entirety of the race and was set for big points, until a tangle with Sébastien Buemi on the penultimate lap, ended Frijns' race after crashing heavily into Lucas di Grassi. Frijns finished P4, for the Rome ePrix, making use of Attack Mode to pass Buemi and Oliver Rowland. For the Paris ePrix, Frijns started from 3rd on the grid, behind Buemi and Rowland, but when both drivers hit trouble, he took the lead and dominated in tricky conditions, mastering torrential rain and hailstones. André Lotterer closed in on Frijns, who had a damaged front wing, towards the end of the race, but the Dutch driver did enough to hold on and win the ePrix. On the cool-down lap, Frijns stopped at a marshall's post to pick up a Dutch flag, which he revealed had been pre-agreed. At the next race in Monaco, Frijns had started towards the back of the grid, but made several overtakes, most notably one on Alex Lynn at Tabac, to get him into a top 10 position. He pushed his luck with the overtaking however and tried an ambitious move on Alexander Sims into Ste. Devote. It didn't pay off and it ended Frijns' race. In Berlin, Frijns had technical issues in the group qualifying stages and started plum-last in 22nd. Whilst he made progress, it wasn't enough for points and he languished in 13th. At the next race in Bern, Frijns was hit by Jérome d'Ambrosio, before they even got to the first corner. Frijns speared across the track and into Alex Lynn and was forced to retire with broken suspension. d'Ambrosio would receive a penalty for the collision. For the finale weekend in New York, Frijns would be challenging for the title, however in race 1, he was victim to the bumper-car style driving of his Formula E counterparts and was forced to retire from the race. For the second race, Frijns made it into the Superpole shootout and qualified second behind Alexander Sims. At the start of the race, Frijns lost second to Sébastien Buemi, but overtook the Nissan and the BMW i Andretti drivers to take his second ever Formula E victory. The win put him 4th in the drivers championship after a last-lap crash between Mitch Evans and Lucas di Grassi, also helping the Envision Virgin team take 3rd in the constructors championship from Nissan e.Dams.

Paragraph 30: Upskilling : This category is based on a human capital investment approach, which aims to adapt workers' skills to labour market requirements through measures that may take the form of state-subsidised classes and apprenticeships helping the unemployed improve their vocational skills as a way to promote access to the labour market for workers with outdated skills or from certain disadvantaged groups such as early school leavers with few qualifications.                                                                                                                               It is widely applied in the Nordic countries and particularly in Denmark where it forms the core of the flexi security model which focuses on the empowerment of jobseekers by funding extensive training programmes which are accessible or even compulsory after one year of unemployment. The provision of basic education services can also play a role in improving human capital for certain categories such as recently arrived immigrant workers, Germany thus provided in the past few years German language skills courses that concerned 170 000 people, most asylum seekers in 2017 with efforts made to involve them into preparatory traineeship, These measures have had  the effect of increasing their productivity, reflected in the fact that immigrants with good German writing skills see their wage gap with natives reduced by 10%