Paragraph 1: With the capture of Frontenac, the British intercepted significant supplies destined for French forts in the Ohio Country.  More than 60 cannons (some of them British cannons the French had captured at Fort Oswego) were found, as were hundreds of barrels of provisions.  To the many provincials in Bradstreet's army, the biggest prizes were bales of furs destined for shipment downstream to Montreal.  In all, the value of the captured goods was estimated to be 800,000 French livres.  Since Bradstreet's orders were not to hold the fort but to destroy it, many of the provisions were burned before the army returned to Oswego, using some of the captured French ships to help carry the loot.  Bradstreet released the French prisoners after Noyan promised to gain the release of an equal number of British prisoners, and the French began to make their way back to Montreal.  They were met by the relief force from Montreal.  The French established Fort de La Présentation (at present-day Ogdensburg, New York) as a base for supply and defense.  Fort Frontenac was again lightly garrisoned in 1759, but was no longer a site of importance in the war, which ended with the fall of Montreal in September 1760.

Paragraph 2: The first person to accomplish powered flight in the UK was Alliot Verdon Roe in June 1908, who also flew an aeroplane of his own design, but this had not yet been achieved in Ireland. Ferguson began to develop a keen interest in the mechanics of flying and travelled to several air shows, including exhibitions in 1909 at Blackpool and Rheims where he took notes of the design of early aircraft. Harry convinced his brother that they should attempt to build an aircraft at their Belfast workshop and working from Harry's notes, they worked on the design of a plane, the Ferguson monoplane.

Paragraph 3:  "A Talk in the Park": In a park, the same in which Gosforth's Fete took place, sit five strangers on separate park benches, each with their own troubles. Arthur, a rather suspect fellow with an interest in cigarette card collecting and women-watching, sits next to Beryl and starts to relate his story of his likes and dislikes. Beryl is understandably quite disturbed by this, and proceeds in leaving her current bench and going to sit with Charles. Beryl is a young woman with a husband who beats her, and so she tells Charles this story and reads out a letter from the "bastard". Charles becomes quite sick of hearing this, so excuses himself and goes to sit next to man-hating dog-loving Doreen. Charles is an old business man on the verge of bankruptcy and so has no time for the youth of today. He reminisces on a happier time with his wife and children and asks Doreen to help him decipher his business report. Doreen is at this point very scared of the man who she thinks is perving on her, and so she sits next to Ernest. Ernest at this point is happily relaxing on his bench and so is very annoyed with being disturbed by a paranoid woman who starts to harp on about her dog. Doreen relates the story of taking her dog to the vets to get the snip, which is not a topic Ernest is interested in so he sneaks off leaving Doreen talking to herself. Ernest then collapses on the bench where Arthur is and proceeds in taking it over whilst moaning about his wife. The scene ends with each character trying to get the attention of the person they were trying to talk to, but failing. The end result is five miserable people who are all feeling ignored, despite the fact that it is their own fault for ignoring everyone else.

Paragraph 4: In 1909, Shichizaemon Yuasa established Yuasa Iron Works to modernize the family business, founded in 1666 as a charcoal trading business. Yuasa Iron Works began producing storage batteries in 1915, and three years later Yuasa Storage Battery Co., Ltd was established. Soon after, Yuasa Storage Battery Co., Ltd began making Japan's first automotive batteries. In 1925, Yuasa began making dry cells, and in 1941 they began making alkaline cells. The dry battery business was later spun off into Yuasa Dry Battery Co., Ltd, which later merged back into Yuasa Storage Battery Co., Ltd to form Yuasa Battery Co, Ltd, later renamed to Yuasa Corporation.

Paragraph 5: Escapology is the fifth studio album recorded by British singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 18 November 2002 through EMI Records. The album features a guest appearance by singer Rose Stone and was produced by Guy Chambers and Steve Power. Escapology was preceded by the lead single "Feel", which was released on 2 December 2002. The track was an international hit, reaching the top of the charts in Austria, Poland, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, and top five positions in countries such as Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom. Three other singles from the album were released: "Come Undone", "Something Beautiful" and "Sexed Up".

Paragraph 6: The campus consists of a mix of Classical revival buildings designed by architect Stanford White in 1892-1901 – including the Hall of Languages, the Cornelius Baker Hall of Philosophy and the Gould Memorial Library – and Brutalist concrete buildings by Marcel Breuer, including Begrisch Hall (1956–61) and the Colston Residence Hall and Cafeteria (1964). Other buildings – such as South Hall, formerly the Gustav H. Schwab House (1857); Butler Hall, formerly William Henry W. T. Mall House (c.1859); and MacCracken Hall, originally the Loring Andrews House (c.1880) – are repurposed mansions which predate the campus. The original landscaping for the campus was by Vaux & Co.  The complex of Stanford White buildings, judged one of the finest concentrations of Beaux Arts architecture in the US, was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2012.

Paragraph 7: But the major novelty in this phase is the development of a new religious iconography with the emergence of Christianity. Paleo-Christian paintings do not achieve a relevant visibility until after the second century. In the first place because at their beginning they were only grooves created by a small and generally uneducated group with scarce artistic resources, but also because early Christianity shared much of the Jewish aversion to image-making. Paulinus of Nola, a wealthy Christian of the third century, still had to justify himself for having images of living beings painted on the walls of the churches he had rebuilt, saying that,Most of the crowd here cannot read. These people, long accustomed to profane cults, in which their womb was their God, are finally converted into proselytes of Christ as they admire the works of Christ's saints revealed (by the paintings) to everyone's eyes. See how so many gather from all parts and how they now gaze in wonder at the scenes with their pious but rude minds (...) Therefore, it seemed to us a useful work joyfully to embellish the houses of (St.) Felix with paintings on all sides ...Moreover, at times this religion faced persecutions that prevented an artistic flourishing, and even when it was made official by the empire the most distinguished Christians still appreciated the classical culture and its formal models derived from paganism. For them it was relatively easy to reinterpret the ancient myths in the form of allegories, and to apply them to the new cult, and in this sense pagan representations were still acceptable as a means of spreading moralizing maxims and as a link with the pagans in the common belief in an afterlife. This association between Christianity and paganism was already visible in a veiled way in St. Paul's writings, where allusions to the majesty of Christ abound, and which were a clear transposition to a new context of the imperial apologies of Augustus' time. Not surprisingly, in the Paleochristian imagery Christ could be represented in the same way as Apollo, the sun god, illuminating the world, as Orpheus pacifying the "beasts" (pagans) with his "music" (doctrine), or as a classical philosopher teaching his disciples the secrets of the new philosophy. With the progressive rise of the prestige of Christianity, these elements acquired more weight in late-imperial Roman culture. The first examples of paleo-Christian painting are found in the catacombs, and the motifs are the same as in pagan decorations: garlands of flowers, animals, cupids, allegories, and human figures of ambiguous meaning. Some of them are clearer, showing people in prayer and the symbolic figures of the fish and the Good Shepherd. In the third century, scenes from the Gospels, the Old Testament and Christian legends appear, but their style and quality are very uneven. At the end of the third century, lightness and grace give way to a remodeling of the classical canons, and in the following century a different aesthetic is already outlined, heavier, schematic and with an abstracting tendency, which would lead to the formation of the Byzantine style, with Constantinople as its main center of irradiation. When Christianity received official support with the Edict of Milan in 313, a program of building many churches and basilicas began, whose internal decorations constitute the most important artistic achievement of the late Imperial period. Although their walls and domes were often covered with mosaics, a technique which quickly entered into the general taste for decoration of Christian temples, in others fresco was preferred, and since such temples were erected with the patronage of the elite, if not the imperial family itself, the level of quality far surpassed the primitive painting of the catacombs, and it is to be regretted that practically all such works disappeared in later reforms.

Paragraph 8: The book tells the story of Juan who lives in an adobe house which is located near Mission San Juan Capistrano. It isn't too far from the school. In fact, Juan is good friends with Julian who's an old bell ringer and a gardener that isn't sure about the swallows' migration to a peaceful island in the summer. Julian explains to Juan how this beautiful mission was founded by Saint Francis and his brothers, especially Father Junipero Serra. He also explains to the Spanish lad how unsure he is about the swallow family's migration. Juan and Julian really love the swallows (las golondrinas) very much and doesn't want them to leave Mission San Juan Capistrano. He and his friend feed tiny pieces of bread that Julian saves in his pockets. Plenty of birds appear in the garden including hummingbirds, sparrows, white doves and especially swallows. In the spring, he plants a garden on his vacation time. There's nothing more exciting to see the family of swallows nesting in the protagonist's very own garden.  One of the children tells the other the amazing journey the swallows make all the way from South America to spend the summer in California during St. Joseph's Day to watch a family of swallows migrate far away from San Juan Capistrano to a peaceful island. On Saint Joseph's Day, Juan's dream comes true which gets to the point where Juan and Julian alert everyone in the village by ringing the bells of Mission San Juan Capistrano together. The swallow family gets to nest in the arches of the mission after all before summer begins. One day, a baby swallow falls out of the nest and Juan witnesses the shock of the situation with his feathered friends. His/her parents don't reject the chick at all after Juan saved him/her. Everyone gets ready for Saint Joseph's Day by dressing up and celebrating before summer arrives in the village. Juan sings "Las Golondrinas" before he plants his own garden for the swallows to nest at during his vacation time. On Saint Joseph's Day, the children sing "The Swallow Song" together while they join Juan in the garden. Juan returns to his adobe house and observes the migration of the swallows who nested in his garden on a rose bush that appears near Mission San Juan Capistrano. They'll always come back to Mission San Juan Capistrano in the spring even though he gets to hear Julian sing the swallow song that the children also sang on Saint Joseph's Day.

Paragraph 9: He was born in Królówka near Bochnia. He came from the low nobility. He was a student at schools in Tarnów, where he also graduated from the grammar school. He served in the army of the Duchy of Warsaw. He took part in the campaign of 1812, during which he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant. During the Battle of the Nations at Leipzig, he was wounded and taken prisoner by the Prussians. Having returned from captivity in 1814, he settled in Warsaw, where he worked as a clerk. He joined the freemasons, advanced to the fifth degree of initiation; in 1819 he became the secretary of the Great East. From 1818, he was a teacher of Polish literature and of style in schools of various degrees. He also co-operated with Pamiętnik Warszawski, initially as a member of the editorial staff and later as co-editor. In 1823 he became a member of the Society of the Friends of the Sciences. Having received his doctor's degree in philosophy, he was appointed Professor at Warsaw University. He travelled to Prague, Germany, Italy, Switzerland and France. These journeys, made in order to improve his health, became an opportunity to make the acquaintance of Czech researchers into Slavic studies and Czech and Slovak folklore: Josef Jungmann, Václav Hanka and Ján Kollár. During the November Uprising, he was an editor of insurgent newspapers: Kurier Polski and Nowa Polska. Appointed a general inspector of schools by the insurgent authorities, he worked upon the reorganisation of education. After the collapse of the uprising he was dismissed from his posts. He stayed in Kraków for some time. In 1834 he returned to Warsaw, where he edited Jutrzenka and Magazyn Powszechny. In May 1835 he left for treatment to Carlsbad. On his way back he died in Dresden on 10 October 1835.

Paragraph 10: At White Bird Canyon, Brigadier General Oliver Howard, who outnumbered the Nez Perce two to one, was defeated on June 17, after firing on the Nez Perce who came to parley under a white flag. Thirty-four soldiers were killed, but only two Nez Perce warriors were. The Nez Perce who were now part of the group moving to Canada, numbered around 750, with only 200 warriors. Six weeks after leaving their homeland, U.S. Army forces performed a predawn attack on the 50 men, and 750 women and children encamped at Big Hole. The Nez Perce mounted a fierce resistance and managed to overwhelm the attacking force, cornering them on a hillside. Meanwhile, the women and children fled the battlefield after burying their dead. During the day and a half battle, the Nez Perce lost an estimated 60 to 90 men, women and children, although it is believed that actual losses may have been much higher with a good portion being women and children. U.S. forces lost 28 and an additional 40 serious casualties. The confrontation was the most violent battle between the Nez Perce and the U.S. Government forces. After the battle the Nez Perce fled east through Yellowstone National Park, then headed north. In October 1877, only  from the Canada–US border in Montana's Bear Paw Mountains, the starving and exhausted Nez Percé surrendered to the U.S. Forces commanded by General Oliver O. Howard, only after Howard and Miles said they would be allowed to return to their beloved Wallowas.  It was a lie. Approximately 150 Nez Perce warriors escaped to Canada prior to the surrender, leaving about 450 women, children and elderly.  Upon the final surrender by Chief Joseph he was quoted as saying, "Hear me, my chiefs! I am tired. My heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands I will fight no more forever". The actual speech was much longer.

Paragraph 11: I met with a singular plant today in blume of which I preserved a specemine; it grows on the steep sides of the fertile hills near this place, the radix is fibrous, not much branched, annual, woody, white and nearly smooth. the stem is simple branching ascending, 2½ feet high celindric, villose and of a pale red colour. the branches are but few and those near its upper extremity. the extremities of the branches are flexible and are bent down near their extremities with the weight of the flowers. the leaf is sissile, scattered thinly, nearly linear tho' somewhat widest in the middle, two inches in length absolutely entire, villose, obtusely pointed and of an ordinary green. above each leaf a small short branch protrudes, supporting a tissue of four or five smaller leaves of the same appearance with those described. a leaf is placed underneath each branch, and each flower. the calyx is a one flowered spathe. the corolla superior consists of four pale purple petals which are tripartite, the central lobe largest and all terminate obtusely; they are inserted with a long and narrow claw on the top of the germ, are long, smooth, & deciduous. there are two distinct sets of stamens the 1st or principal consist of four, the filaments of which are capillary, erect, inserted on the top of the germ alternately with the petals, equal short, membranous; the anthers are also four each being elivated with its filament, they are linear and rather flat, erect sessile, cohering at the base, membranous, longitudinally furrowed, twice as long as the filament naked, and of a pale purple colour. the second set of stamens are very minute are also four and placed within and opposite to the petals, these are scarcely perceptible while the 1st are large and conspicuous; the filaments are capillary equal, very short, white and smooth. the anthers are four, oblong, beaked, erect, cohering at the base, membranous, shorter than the filaments, white naked and appear not to form pollen. there is one pistillum; the germ of which is also one, cilindric, villous, inferior, sessile, as long as the 1st stamens, and marked with 8 longitudinal furrows. the single style and stigma form a perfect monapetallous corolla only with this difference, that the style which elivates the stigma or limb is not a tube but solid tho' its outer appearance is that of the tube of a monopetallous corolla swelling as it ascends and gliding in such manner into the limb that it cannot be said where the style ends, or the stigma begins; jointly they are as long as the corolla, white, the limb is four cleft, saucer shaped, and the margins of the lobes entire and rounded. this has the appearance of a monopetallous flower growing from the center of a four petalled corollar, which is rendered more conspicuous in consequence of the 1st being white and the latter of a pale purple. I regret very much that the seed of this plant are not yet ripe and it is probable that it will not be so during my residence in this neighbourhood.

Paragraph 12: Hayward wrote singles for the Moody Blues including "Nights in White Satin", "Tuesday Afternoon", "Voices in the Sky", "Never Comes the Day", "Question", "The Story in Your Eyes", "Driftwood", "The Voice", "Blue World", "Your Wildest Dreams", "I Know You're Out There Somewhere" and "English Sunset"; in all, writing 20 of the group's 27 post-1967 singles. He also has a solo career. His first album outside the Moody Blues, Blue Jays, a collaboration with John Lodge, reached the UK top five in 1975. The single "Blue Guitar", recorded with 10cc as the backing band, reached the UK top ten in 1975, and his 1978 recording of "Forever Autumn" from Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of the Worlds reached the UK top five.

Paragraph 13: Faran Thomason, who is best known as the producer of both Bubsy in Fractured Furry Tales and Warlocked for the Game Boy Color, worked as a level designer and tester for the game. He stated that when the game was showcased in Atari Corp.'s US offices it was in a very basic state, consisting of only the ship flying and a rudimentary Gouraud-shaded terrain. The testing department at Atari was tasked to implement levels and structures in the game, while ATD laid down the terrain and enemies via a rudimentary editor the Atari testing team would use to implement them into the game. Cybermorph was first showcased at Atari's August 1993 press conference at Sunnyvale, California in an early but playable state. A 1993 promotional recording sent by Atari to video game retail stores features the game in a much earlier state with many differences compared to the final release. B.J. West, who worked as an animator in Trevor McFur in the Crescent Galaxy, created both the cover art and ending sequence for the game. Sean Patter, producer of both Cybermorph and Iron Soldier, stated that by bringing the testing team to design game resulted in a lot of work but he remarked that by doing so resulted in making it into "a much better game in the long run". Several other members at Atari were also involved with its production.Cybermorph makes use of the various hardware features found within the Jaguar such as Z-buffering, which is used in multiple enemies of the game to various effects. In addition, Z-buffering is also used to handle drawing of all the objects and the planetary terrain. It also runs between 10-18 frames per second and displays around 6000 polygons on-screen. Gouraud shading is also used as a light source for all the polygon models, while the system's Motorola 68000 is used to move all of the objects in the game. The voice of Skylar was provided by Victoria Lowe, wife of video game composer David Lowe.Cybermorph was first released as the pack-in game for the Atari Jaguar when it launched on in North America on November 23, 1993. The game was later released in Europe on June 23, 1994, and finally in Japan as a stand-alone release on December 15 of the same year, where it was published by Mumin Corporation. Later versions of the game published in 1994 were stored on a one-megabyte cartridge and has several features missing from the original 1993 version such as the introduction and ending animation sequences, as well as additional voice samples. The cutting of these features in the one-megabyte version was a cost-effective measure Atari Corp. made in order to boost sales of the system, taking approximately two hours for the team to remove them in order to fit the game from a 2MB cart onto a 1MB cart. Fred Gill stated that "whilst an interesting engineering exercise, it was painful ‘mutilating’ something that we'd crafted over such a long time". It remained as a bundled title for the console. The game was included as part of the Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration compilation for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Steam, and Xbox One, marking its first re-release.

Paragraph 14: In a review for The Boston Phoenix, Michael Christopher speculated that the album would be received poorly by those who refuse to recognize the Misfits as legitimate without Glenn Danzig. "The problem is, and has always been, that it just isn't the Misfits without Glenn Danzig at the helm", he elaborated in the Delaware County Daily Times, "[Only] retains the name in rights only, because there is no true legitimacy left within the group, which has featured a revolving door of backup players." "That's a shame, because The Devil's Rain is chock full of good, campy horror business." He gave the album a mixed review in both publications, praising some tracks while criticizing others: Unexplained', 'Vivid Red', and 'Sleepwalkin' ' are fun and frightfully ferocious. Other points are stumbles: 'Monkey's Paw' has Only trying pitifully hard to ape the Misfits' 'Last Caress', and tracks like 'Curse of the Mummy's Hand' and 'Ghost of Frankenstein' are too predictable to be more than schlock, though it would be funny—in a good, goofy, send-up sort of way—if it was done under another moniker ... These guys just need another alias." Gentile expressed similar sentiments, complementing Only's bass and Cadena's guitar playing but saying that the group's choice to continue under the Misfits name seemed to limit their choice of subject matter: "while the band has technical chops, it almost seems like they are singing about the occult and undead merely because that's what the Misfits are supposed to do. When original vocalist Glenn Danzig detailed 'the insemination of little girls in the middle of wet dreams', it seemed like that was something he was actually into. Even when second Misfits vocalist, Michael Graves, wailed that he was 'crying on a Saturday night', it seemed he was pulling from true early 20s dejection. But, when Only sings about mummies, or Frankenstein, or even hell, it doesn't seem like that's what he feels is important, but what he is limited to in subject matter, leaving the tunes without any sense of conviction." He did note that "when the band does become most alive is when they play the style of music that excites them", citing Only's doo-wop style in "The Black Hole" as an example. "The Devil's Rain certainly isn't a disgrace", he concluded, "and long-running fans will find at least a few things to enjoy about the album. It's just frustrating that when the band snaps together and plays what they truly want to play, they aren't so much 'the Misfits' as a band containing a hefty amount of punk talent and experience. Instead of leaving the past behind, they seem to cling to it, forever condemning themselves to comparisons of previous incarnations." Lymangrover opined similarly, saying the album "suffers from the fact that the group never tries to expand on the vocabulary established 30 years ago. If Famous Monsters was a step back for the Misfits legacy, this is a bigger step in the wrong direction."

Paragraph 15: Matanzas was one of the regions that saw intensive development of sugar plantations during the colonial era. Consequently, many African slaves were imported to support the sugar industry, particularly during the first half of the nineteenth century. For example, in 1792 there were 1900 slaves in Matanzas, roughly 30% of its population. In 1817, the slave population of Matanzas had grown to 10,773, comprising nearly 50% of the overall population. By 1841, 53,331 slaves made up 62.7% of the population of Matanzas. Census figures for 1859 put the Matanzas slave population at 104,519. Matanzas was the site of several slave insurrections and plots, including the infamous Escalera conspiracy (discovered in late 1843). Due to the high number of both slaves and, importantly, free Afro-Cubans in Matanzas, the retention of African traditions is especially strong there. In 1898, Matanzas became the location of the first action in the Spanish–American War. The city was bombarded by American Navy vessels on April 25, 1898, just after the beginning of the war.

Paragraph 16: Daniela Schwarz and colleagues, in 2007, concluded that the bifurcated neural spines of diplodocids and dicraeosaurids enclosed an air sac, which would have been connected to the lungs as part of the respiratory system. In Dicraeosaurus, this air sac (the so-called supravertebral diverticulum) would have rested on top of the neural arch and filled the entire space between the spines. In Amargasaurus the upper two-thirds of the spines would have been covered by a sheath of keratin, restricting the air sac to the space between the lower one-third of the spines. A cover of either keratin or skin is indicated striations on the surface of the spines similar to those of bony horn cores of today's bovids. In 2016, Mark Hallett and Mathew Wedel suggested that the backwards-directed spines might have been able to skewer predators when the neck was abruptly drawn backwards during an attack. A similar defense strategy is found in today's giant sable antelope and Arabian oryx, which can use their long, backwards directed horns to stab attacking lions. Apart from the possible function in defense, the spines may have been used for display, either for the intimidation of rivaling individuals or for courtship. Hallett and Wedel also hypothesized that rival males might have interlocked their spines for neck wrestling. Pablo Gallina and colleagues (2019) described the closely related Bajadasaurus, which had neural spines similar to those of Amargasaurus, and suggested that both genera employed them for defense. A defense function would have been especially effective in Bajadasaurus as the spines were directed forwards and would have reached past the tip of the snout, deterring predators. The keratinous sheath that likely covered the spines might have extended their length by 50%, as seen in some modern even-toed ungulates. Such extended sheaths would have made the delicate spines more resistant to damage—likely a critical threat, as the bases of the spines form the roof of the spinal chord.

Paragraph 17: Jones fondness for the duet stretched back to the beginning of his career when, in 1957, he recorded "Yearning", a hit with Jeanette Hicks.  He also recorded with Margie Singleton, Melba Montgomery, Brenda Carter and, most famously, Wynette.  The idea for My Very Special Guests was to pair Jones with his own country peers but also team him with admirers from other genres, an idea that was quite ahead of its time in the 1970s (Frank Sinatra would pretty much do the same thing with his Duets series years later).  The album featured many of the country stars that Jones fans were familiar with, like Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Johnny Paycheck (all three riding high on the red hot "outlaw movement") and Wynette, who sings "It Sure Was Good" with her ex, a song that nostalgically recalled the good times of a broken relationship (Ironically, the song was co-authored by George Richey, who Wynette married in the summer of 1978).  The ambitious pairings with pop and rock singers may have displeased many hardcore Jones fans but one of the songs, James Taylor's "Bartender's Blues", had been a top ten country hit in 1978.  Taylor wrote the tune with Jones in mind and sang harmony on the track.  Pop star Linda Ronstadt also joins Jones on the wistful "I've Turned You To Stone" and the pair would perform an impromptu version when she showed up at his 1980 performance at New York City's Bottom Line nightclub.  Emmylou Harris, who began her singing career backing country rock pioneer and Jones fan Gram Parsons, duets with Jones on the Rodney Crowell original "Here We Are" (Harris, who would go on to record with Jones several more times, had written the original liner notes for the singer's 1976 album The Battle, proclaiming that "when you hear George Jones sing, you are hearing a man who takes a song and makes it a work of art - always").  The Staples Singers and Dennis Locorriere and Ray Sawyer of the rock band Dr. Hook are also featured, but the most curious vocal pairing on My Very Special Guests came with then current New Wave star Elvis Costello.  Costello, an avowed Jones fan, had originally recorded the song for his debut album but it was left off due to the suggestion that including it might confuse the general public. "When I was on the road back then, I used to have to hide my George Jones albums," Costello is quoted in the 2005 reissue of the album.  "My manager used to say, 'Turn that George Jones off'...Jones was my guiding light whenever I wrote in a country idiom."

Paragraph 18: The storyline was furthered at Clash of the Champions XVII on November 19, 1991 in Savannah, Georgia. At the beginning of the Clash, which was televised live on TBS, WCW United States Heavyweight Champion (and perennial face) Sting was in the ring doing an interview. Madusa came out dressed as a harem girl and distracted Sting so WCW World Heavyweight Champion Lex Luger could attack him from behind by clipping his knee, the same one Sting injured in February 1990. Luger then bashed the knee against the runway repeatedly to make it seem like Sting had suffered severe damage. Several face wrestlers, including Bobby Eaton, ran out to run the heel Luger off and take Sting to the hospital. Sting, however, had to defend his title against Rude that night and did not want to leave. Eaton kept telling him he would have time, so he left. Bischoff rode in the ambulance with Sting and gave live updates on the condition of Sting from the hospital between matches to announcers Jim Ross and Tony Schiavone. Meanwhile, Dangerously had found a loophole in the match contract that specifically stated that if Sting was not able to defend his title, he would have to forfeit it to Rude. The announcers relayed the message to Bischoff, who in turn passed it along to Sting. Commotion could be heard in the background as Sting tried to leave the hospital and return to defend his title. It turned out that Eaton had been conspiring with Dangerously and Rude to ensure Sting did not make it out in time for his title defense.

Paragraph 19: In the summary of 1972, at the age of 21, he traveled to Greece and was transferred to AEK Athens, where he quickly established himself as a regular. He had the chance to be partnered alongside great players of the club, such as Mimis Papaioannou, Georgios Dedes, Walter Wagner, Thomas Mavros and Dušan Bajević in the offensive line, while as a penalty kick specialist, he was the player that took all the executions.  On 20 April 1975, in the derby against Panathinaikos, he was subbed on at the 92nd minute and a minute later he scored the winner with a penalty, in an episodic 4–3 at home. He scored his first international goals with AEK in the 3–1 win over Inter Bratislava, on 5 November 1975, scoring a brace within 2 minutes. On 12 May 1976, he scored at the home defeat for the Greek Cup. by 2–3 against Olympiacos from the spot after he just came in the match. On 29 September 1976 in Moscow, for the second leg of the First round of the UEFA Cup, the match was sent to overtime and in the final minute, AEK won a penalty with Konstantinou was to undertake the execution. The unruffled Tasos set up the ball on the spot and executed Gontar, sending AEK to the next round. There they came against Derby County and on 3 November 1976 he scored in the epic away 2–3 win of the "yellow-blacks". That season the team managed to reach to the semi-finals of the tournament. He was the scorer in one of the two goals of his team in the 2–0 win against Panathinaikos at home on 5 March 1978. On 17 May 1978 he also scored once against Olympiacos in the emphatic 6–1 victory for the semi-finals of the Cup. He was one of the key players in the largest victory of the club in the European Cup, with the imposig 6–1 over Porto scoring one of the goals. In the next round on 18 October 1978, he scored the only goal for his team in a 1–2 defeat at home against the Nottingham Forest of Brian Clough. He also scored in the Cup final against Panionios giving the lead to AEK from early on, however the club of Nea Smyrni turned the tie of the match and won by 3–1. During his 8-year presence at the club, he won two consecutive championships and a Cup, including a domestic double in 1978.

Paragraph 20: The scullery was a back kitchen located adjacent to the main kitchen, frequently to the rear of the house nearest the water supply, such as a public fountain or a well, or near a barrel that collected rain water, which was the preferred water for washing dishes. In houses built prior to indoor plumbing, scullery sinks were located against an outside wall. Since sculleries were used for washing and great quantities of water had to be carried inside, they were made with solid floors of brick, stone, terracotta tiles, or concrete. Although a drain, known as a soil pipe, would carry the dirty water outside of the house, the floors were likely to stay wet. The scullery maid, or person washing dishes at the sink, would stand on slatted wood mats near the sinks. The floor itself was often dug six inches or so (150mm) below the main house floor in case of leaks or flooding. In designing a scullery, architects would take care to place the room adjacent to the kitchen with a door leading directly outside to conveniently obtain water. However, for sanitation purposes (since so much slop was processed in the scullery) no doors led from there to the pantry or store rooms.

Paragraph 21: Captain Ben L. Salomon was serving at Saipan, in the Marianas Islands on July 7, 1944, as the Surgeon for the 2nd Battalion, 105th Infantry Regiment, 27th Infantry Division. The Regiment’s 1st and 2d Battalions were attacked by an overwhelming force estimated between 3,000 and 5,000 Japanese soldiers. It was one of the largest attacks attempted in the Pacific Theater during World War II. Although both units fought furiously, the enemy soon penetrated the Battalions’ combined perimeter and inflicted overwhelming casualties. In the first minutes of the attack, approximately 30 wounded soldiers walked, crawled, or were carried into Captain Salomon’s aid station, and the small tent soon filled with wounded men. As the perimeter began to be overrun, it became increasingly difficult for Captain Salomon to work on the wounded. He then saw a Japanese soldier bayoneting one of the wounded soldiers lying near the tent. Firing from a squatting position, Captain Salomon quickly killed the enemy soldier. Then, as he turned his attention back to the wounded, two more Japanese soldiers appeared in the front entrance of the tent. As these enemy soldiers were killed, four more crawled under the tent walls. Rushing them, Captain Salomon kicked the knife out of the hand of one, shot another, and bayoneted a third. Captain Salomon butted the fourth enemy soldier in the stomach and a wounded comrade then shot and killed the enemy soldier. Realizing the gravity of the situation, Captain Salomon ordered the wounded to make their way as best they could back to the regimental aid station, while he attempted to hold off the enemy until they were clear. Captain Salomon then grabbed a rifle from one of the wounded and rushed out of the tent. After four men were killed while manning a machine gun, Captain Salomon took control of it. When his body was later found, 98 dead enemy soldiers were piled in front of his position. Captain Salomon’s extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Army.

Paragraph 22: The next advance in firearm design was the snaplock, which used flint striking steel to generate the spark.  The flint is held in a rotating, spring-loaded arm called the cock.  This is held cocked by a latch and released by a lever or trigger.  The steel is curved and hinged. This accommodates the arc of the flint, maintaining contact with the steel. The spark produced is directed downward into the flash pan. The snaphance incorporates a mechanism to slide the pan cover forward at the moment of firing.  The doglock incorporates a second latch (or dog) as a safety mechanism that engages the cock in a halfway or half-cock position.  The dog is independent of the trigger.  The dog is only released when the lock is bought to the full-cock position.  The  miquelet lock is the penultimate of the flint-sparking locks.  It has an "L" shaped frizzen, the base of which, covers the flash pan and is hinged forward of the pan.  The flint strikes against the upright of the "L" and flips the frizzen forward to reveal the pan to the sparks created.  The miquelet lock also has a half-cock mechanism similar in function but differing in operation from the doglock.

Paragraph 23: In a Syrian tale translated as Gomena, principe dei ginn ("Gomena, Prince of the Djinni"), a poor fisherman lives with his three daughters. After two unlucky fishing trips, he catches a large stone from the sea and, upon his third daughter's suggestion, places it as a makeshift door for their home. Later the same day, the third daughter meets a handsome stranger, they connect and she marries him. Despite a comfortable life, her husband only appears at night, so, after some convincing by some women in the hamman (bath house), she decides to come clean to him. The man tells her to get the stone, throw it back to the sea, and to wait for the sunrise. She obeys; her husband appears in the sea, slowly submerging. She insists to know his name, and shouts to him; he reveals his name is Gomena, and vanishes under the waves, and so her palaces and every treasure, save for her jewels on her. She sells her jewelry and opens a hammam, where everyone gets to bathe in exchange for a story. One night, a woman prepares to visit the hammam, but, since it is midnight and she is afraid of the ghouls, she climbs up a tree. She then sees three ginns appear, sing a song and announce the coming of Gomena; a table is set with a meal, Gomena appears and laments his lost love. The woman goes to the bath house and tells the girl about the scene. The girl goes to the place the woman described and waits until midnight for Gomena. He appears, sings verses of yearning and sorrow, and the girl appears to him, begging for his forgiveness. Gomena explains that his parents are the rulers of the ginns, and might kill her. After some insistence, Gomena takes his human wife on a magic carpet to his parents' palace. Before he enters, Gomena gives his wife an almond, a nut, and a pistachio nut for her to plant. However, the plants do grow overnight, but are stolen. Without food, she enters the ginns' service. One day, the queen of the ginns betrothes Gomena to a female ginn, and orders the girl to go to queen's sister, invite her for Gomena's wedding and get the box of the marching band. Gomena explains that this task is a trap: his aunt is a ghoul and will devour her, so he gives her two pieces of cow meat to throw to two ferocious dogs, and advises her to get the box and escape. The human girl follows the instructions and flees from the aunt's house. She opens the box on the way back and small creatures playing instruments escape from it. Gomena gets the creatures back into the box. Next, the queen of the ginns orders the human girl to go back to the aunt's house and get from her a ceremonial carpet. She gets the carpet (a small one) and unrolls it on the way back. Gomena appears to wrap it again, and concocts a plan with his human wife: she is to dance at the wedding, but she is to ask for two torches. The next day, during the wedding, the human girl dances with the torches, to the ginns' amazement. She then tosses one torch on the bride's lap, the other on the ginn assemblage, and escapes with Gomena on a winged horse.

Paragraph 24: Some of the Americans, led by Thompson, made their way out of the swamp to be confronted by HMS Martin, which drove them back into the swamp with grapeshot.  A column of men under Colonel Anthony Wayne fared only a little better, arriving out of the swamp only to face Fraser's formation. A brief exchange of fire took place: but the Americans, clearly outmatched by Fraser's forces, broke and ran, leaving arms and supplies behind. Portions of the American force retreated to the edge of the woods, which gave them some cover, and attempted to engage some of the British troops: but fire from those troops kept them off the road and fire from some of the ships in the river kept them from the shore.  St. Clair and a number of men made it back to the landing site, only to find it occupied by the British troops. Only by returning to the swampy woods and continuing to flee upriver did these men escape capture at that time.  Wayne eventually managed to form a rear guard of about 800 men, which attempted an attack on the British position; but they were driven back into the woods. Wayne then led a staggered retreat, in which companies of men slipped away, with the woods giving cover to hide their true numbers.

Paragraph 25: Euthecodon was a large-bodied crocodilian with an elongated snout similar to that of extant gavialoids. Euthecodon differs from any other known longirostrine crocodilian in its deeply scalloped rostral margins, each tooth sitting in its own bony sheath, separated from the next by a notable constriction of the rostrum, given the skull a saw-like appearance when viewed from above. The first mandibular teeth occlude outside of the premaxilla and never pierce it as seen in some other crocodilians. The individual teeth are slender, isodont and pointed with two keels (bicarinate), clearly suited for a piscivorous diet. Tooth count varies greatly between species. E. arambourgi, the species with the shortest snout, possesses 19 tooth sockets housing 20 teeth in the upper jaw.  Ginsburg and Buffetaut assign 24 upper jaw teeth to E. nitriae and up to 27 for E. brumpti. The largest specimen from Lothagam possesses 21 teeth in the upper jaw and 20 in the lower, while some specimens from the Pliocene to Pleistocene of Kenya (Koobi Fora) preserve 24 to 25 maxillary teeth opposing 21 to 22 dentary teeth. This difference in tooth count has led some researchers to question whether these specimens, typically assigned to E. brumpti, might actually represent their own species. Unlike any other crocodilians, Euthecodon typically possess only four premaxillary teeth instead of five, with Euthecodon arambourgi as an exception, seemingly representing a transitional form in the process of losing the tooth. While still possessing five premaxillary teeth, the second is notably smaller than the rest and shares a single sheath with the third premaxillary tooth. The nasal bone bears a prominent ridge leading up to the eyes, giving its forehead a sloping appearance somewhat similar to that of Crocodylus checchiai. This form is maintained until the contact between maxilla and premaxilla, where the snout slightly slopes upwards and places the nares on a pedestal. Both the forehead boss and raised nares are most prominent in E. brumpti and far less developed in either E. nitriae or E. arambourgi. The nasals are always excluded from any contact to the nares by the premaxilla reaching far back in between the maxilla, meeting the nasal bone at the level of the sixth maxillary tooth. The nasal is fused in some specimens, while others retain it as two distinct bones with visible sutures. Both the prefrontal bones and lacrimal bones are long and splinter-shaped, with the lacrimals contacting the nasal bones towards the middle or anterior end of the "boss" depending on the specimen. Notably, the skull table of Euthecodon is comparably small and almost square in shape, with oval supratemporal fenestra (not circular as in gavialoids). Older individuals are known to develop noticeable squamosal ridges or "horns".

Paragraph 26: Kenneth Malcolm Owen (born 23 April 1970) is an English drummer. He was born in Billinge and grew up in Gayton, Merseyside. He is best known as one of the founding members of extreme metal band Carcass, for which he also handled some of the vocals. After the band broke up in 1995, he started Blackstar, along with two other Carcass members. In February 1999, he suffered a brain haemorrhage at home and spent ten months in a hospital slowly emerging from a coma, making it impossible at the time for him to continue playing drums. More recently, he has started playing drums again, but mostly makes music using the computer software program Reason.

Paragraph 27: As initially built, the Flyer III looked almost the same as its predecessors, and offered equally marginal performance.  Orville suffered minor injuries in a serious nose-dive crash in the machine on July 14, 1905.  When rebuilding the airplane, the Wrights made important design changes that solved the stability problems of the earlier models.  They almost doubled the size of the elevator and rudder, and moved them about twice the distance from the wings.  They added two fixed half-moon shaped vertical vanes (called "blinkers") between the elevators (but later removed), and widened the skid-undercarriage which helped give the wings a very slight dihedral.  

Paragraph 28: Another primary feud from Raw was between Shawn Michaels and Vince McMahon. On the December 26, 2005, edition of Raw, McMahon and Michaels had words ending with McMahon threatening that he could screw Michaels just like he did Bret Hart anytime he wanted. During the following couple of weeks on Raw, McMahon had inflicted some humiliation on Michaels. On the January 23 edition of Raw when it was between Michaels and Shelton Benjamin with McMahon declaring that if Michaels were to lose, he would also lose his spot in the Royal Rumble match. Michaels won the match and kept his spot in the Royal Rumble match but a few moments later, McMahon met Michaels backstage then stated that lady luck was on his side. He also said that he wanted to turn back the clock to the days of sex, drugs, and rock n' roll then he asked Michaels to join him but got turned down, however, and McMahon last stated that Michaels' luck would run out at the Royal Rumble. At the Royal Rumble, during the Royal Rumble match, McMahon distracted Michaels as his music started to play. During that time, Shane McMahon, who was not an official entrant in the match, eliminated Michaels after attacking him from behind. One month later, on the February 27 edition of Raw, Shane hit Michaels with a steel chair and forced him to "kiss" Vince's ass, thus joining Vince's "Kiss My Ass Club." Vince then announced that he and Michaels would face off against each other at WrestleMania. On Raw two weeks later, Vince forced Michaels to take a public drug test all due to Michaels being deceived and drugged by Vince's daughter, Stephanie McMahon on the March 6 edition of Raw. During the test, however, Michaels threw his urine on both Vince and Shane. Later that night, Michaels faced off against the Spirit Squad in a Steel Cage match. The Spirit Squad won the match by pinning Michaels after Shane interfered and slammed the cage door on Michaels. After the match, Shane continued attacking Michaels, causing him to bleed in the process, and executed a Coast 2 Coast. At Saturday Night's Main Event XXXII, Michaels faced off against Shane in a Street Fight. Near the end of the match, Shane locked Michaels in the sharpshooter, and Vince ordered the match to end. Vince screwed Michaels, claiming he submitted to the move, and declared Shane the winner via submission. On the March 20 edition of Raw, Vince announced that his match against Michaels at WrestleMania would now be a No Holds Barred match.

Paragraph 29: Golubev was born and died in Moscow. He was taught by Nikolai Myaskovsky, and his students included Iosif Andriasov from 1958 till 1963, Alfred Schnittke, who studied with him from 1953 until 1958, Asya Sultanova, and Michael L. Geller. His own compositions included at least twenty-four string quartets, seven symphonies, three piano concertos - the last dedicated to and recorded by Tatiana Nikolayeva -, concertos for violin, cello and viola, ten piano sonatas (the sixth dedicated to Myaskovsky), sonatas for violin, cello and for trumpet (1956) (the latter dedicated to Sergei Nikolaevich Yeryomin), and quintets for strings with piano and with harp, among other works. This harp quintet is one of Golubev's few works that are still occasionally performed.

Paragraph 30: The Turian-Chay State Reserve was established for the protection and restoration of arid-arch light forest and other natural resources; and for the localization of centers of erosion at the foothills. The reserve is situated on the spurs of the Buz-Dag Ridge, in the southern foothills of the Major Caucasus, on the right bank of the River Turian-Chay in the Agdash area of the Republic. Its territory lies at a height of 400–650 m above sea level and extends for 35 km from east to west and for 5 km from north to south. The reserve is situated in an area of semi-desert and arid light forests, which mainly consist of pistachio, juniper, oak, having an important soil protecting, water protecting and climatic significance. In the relief of the reserve lowland mountains dominate with the peaks: Pirsei-Dag (609 m), Nulbon-Dag (437 m), Archan-Dag (476 m), Olmes-Dag (544 m) and others. As a rule they have steep, in some places denudated eroded slopes, and are separated by deep narrow valleys. The northern slopes are more gentle and covered with forests; the southern slopes are steep and strongly eroded. The general process of wind erosion has developed on the territory of the reserve. On the territory of the reserve 60 species of trees and bushes grow. The main types of sparsely growing trees are: Pistacia, fudian juniper (Juniper polucarpus), prickly juniper (Juniperus oxicedrus), Quercus iberica, ash-tree, Celtis caucasicus and pomegranate. Moreover, Populus, willow, alder, Elaeagnus and other trees also grow in this area. Two dendraflora species of the reserve – Juniperus and pomegranate are included in the Red Book. There are 24 species of mammals and 112 species of birds, 20 species of reptiles and 3 species of amphibians in the reserve. Among the birds there are partridge (Alectoris kakelik), pigeons, Cercheneis tinnunculus, griffon (Gyps fulvus), black vulture (Aegypius monachus) and others. Among mammals there are wild boar, brown bear, badger, stone marten, lynx, jackal, European wild cat, hare and others. Among reptiles there are amongst others Macrovipera lebetina. Along the former river- beds and channels the Caspian turtle can be found, and on the slopes of the mountain the spur-thighed tortoise can be observed, which, as well as the Coluber caucasicus (?), is included in the Red Book. The main protected objects are the model natural complexes of the Boz-Dag Ridge with the developed pistachio-arch light forests, area of semi-desert, arid and tugay vegetation. The state of arid light forest on the Boz-Dag are of great concern primary primarily because in spite of the productivity of the majority of tree species, including juniper, the regeneration of these forests in general is very slow. The establishment of the Turian-Chay reserve brought -an improvement in the situation with the regeneration of these forests. During the 40 years of the reserve's existence the pistachio-juniper light forest has extended its area and the general quality of trees has increased. The replacement of juniper by pistachio has almost stopped. Shrubbery and herbage lave also developed well, considerably reducing the process of soil erosion.