Paragraph 1: After leaving Steen & Strøm Invest, Stordalen struck out on his own teaming up with investor Christen Sveaas. In October 1996 the duo bought 68 percent of the shares in the Scandinavian operations of Choice Hotels for NOK 100 million. At the time the chain consisted of 8 hotels across Scandinavia. Following the acquisition Stordalen started his expansion, following the same model as in Steen & Strøm Invest, buying Swedish hotel chain Home as well as Norwegian hotel company InterNor, and taking Choice Hotels Scandinavia public. During a three-year period Choice Hotels Scandinavia bought, on average, a new hotel every other week and added 50 people to the payroll every 10 days. In December 1997 Sveaas sold his 37 percent share of the now 77 hotels. In 1999 Christian Ringnes and his company Eiendomsspar acquired a 35 percent share in Choice Hotels Scandinavia. After a short power struggle, Ringnes folded and Stordalen cemented his control over the company. The same year Stordalen also saw the acquisition of several Swedish and Danish hotels, including the Danish hotel company Nordisk Hotel Group, Stenungsbaden Yacht Club and Stockholm Globe Hotel. At the turn of the millennium, at age 37, Stordalen became a billionaire(in Norwegian krone). In 2012 Stordalen opened his biggest hotel to date, the 500-room,  Clarion Post Hotel in Gothenburg, Sweden. At the opening 10,000 Gothenburgers were gathered to watch a light-and-fireworks display that included Stordalen ascending from the top of the hotel playing the drums inside a  disco ball. In 2022, Stordalen opened the 231-room, art-deco Somerro Hotel in Oslo, built from the 1930s office that previously belonged to Oslo Lysverker - the city's electrical company. The hotel is the first in Oslo to feature a rooftop pool and terrace, and is situated in Frogner, one of Oslo's oldest neighborhoods. The hotel also features a cinema, multiple restaurants and bars, a library, and a sauna.

Paragraph 2: O’Dunne's career as a judge on the Supreme Bench of Baltimore was filled with many ups and downs. There were times in his career that he felt as though he was being ‘muzzled’, and was never permitted to fully express his opinions. During his time spent as a judge on the Supreme Bench of Baltimore he was considered a fearless and fair leader in the judicial system. He was both respected and feared by the citizens of Baltimore and the members of the legal community alike. During his forty-five years as a judge he helped clean up many aspects of the legal system including, but not limited to; fixing the penal establishment, abolishing the ancient Black Hand of the Justices of the Peace, reorganizing the state's legal business, and attacking on the old fee system. His most well-known court decision was made in the case of The University of Maryland v. Donald G. Murray, where he ruled in the favor of Donald G. Murray and started the movement that ended the discrimination against African-Americans applying to law schools in Maryland. He also was responsible for the desegregation of golf courses in the city of Baltimore; as long as the member dues were paid color was not to be a factor of who was allowed.  He was known for his harsh sentences on minor criminal offences, such as robbery, but was not as harsh on those individuals that back talked and police, later being accused of disturbing the peace. He constantly fought corrupt members of the police department, lazy judges, and the press just to name a few. O'Dunne's main goal was to keep the streets safe and free of any criminal behavior regardless of its degree of offence, but would become highly irritated with those police officers that tried to wrongfully accuse a man of a crime. After his retirement in 1945 at the age of seventy, he still continued to actively follow the legal issues of the city. One noted incident he took great interest in was the escape of Maryland State Penitentiary inmate, Joseph Holmes. When he received word that Holmes had escaped most would have expected him to believe along the lines that, "justice must prevail", since he had spent many years as a Supreme Bench justice with that mentality.  Instead he shocked the public with a quote from Shakespeare's Othello, "I do perceive here a divided duty…" and continued to look at the prisoners escape as not a bad, but a good thing. Eugene O'Dunne spent twenty years of his life as a judge for the city of Baltimore in hopes of ridding the city of crime. During that time he made many friends and just as many enemies, but those who were a part of the legal system during O’Dunne's years as a judge for the city of the Baltimore would all agree he was most certainly the most memorable judge of his time.

Paragraph 3: "Peter Cook and Dudley Moore were appearing on Broadway in the show "Good Evening" when they first happened upon two brilliant new talents. Derek and Clive were working at the time in the toilets of the British Trade Centre. Cook and Moore were quick to see that they had made a major discovery and after much persuasion, including a packet of Craven A and a bottle of Tizer, Derek and Clive agreed to perform at the Electric Lady Studios. With growing assurance they appeared in front of a small, invited audience (Dudley Moore). The record you have bought is a mixture of the two evenings. Once they had mastered which end of the microphone to talk into, Derek and Clive gained enormously in confidence. Their method is basically a stream of unconsciousness, a mixture of Dylan Thomas and Mae West, with overtones of Goethe. At a time when British influence is declining throughout the world, Derek and Clive represent welcome evidence of what this great country could be. They are a ray of hope on a darkening horizon. Their philosophy is both an inspiration to youth and hope for the senile. On this record they discuss fully and frankly the major problems confronting a confused world. Not since Isaac Newton sat in a bath and discovered that apples could stun Archimedes, has such a fully fledged Weltanschauung emerged. Since the recording, Derek and Clive have been besieged by offers, Vegas, The London Palladium, Fiji but they prefer the simple, natural life of the toilets. "There's a certain rhythm there", says Derek. "You know where you stand", states Clive. One cannot but sympathise with them. The seemingly glittering world of 'Show business' with its broken marriages, drugs and enormous rewards leaves them uninterested. We can only admire their straightforward point of view. Poets? satirists? philosophers? comedians? social commentators? Derek and Clive sum it up more succinctly. "Just a couple of cunts" is their frank self-appraisal."

Paragraph 4: Las Ranas and Toluquilla were the two largest prehispanic cities to develop in the Sierra Gorda area. Las Ranas was the most developed city from the 7th to the 11th century, with Toluquilla somewhat smaller and reaching its height in the 11th century. Both cities are near to each other and both controlled the active trade routes of the area as well as the mining of cinnabar, highly prized as a red pigment in Mesoamerica. The trade that passed through the area linked the Gulf of Mexico to the central Mexican Plateau and some areas north as well. Extensive mining was done at both Toluquilla and Las Ranas beginning between 200 and 300 CE, extracting cinnabar, mercury and sulfur. Cinnabar was the most prized used in funerals. The structures at the sites indicate a stratified society and built with stone slabs and mud and covered in stucco in some places. At Toluquilla, many structures were built on terraces cut into the mountain to create more space. Las Ranas was taken over by the Chichimeca Jonaz late in its history but by the time the Spanish arrived, both cities were abandoned. In 2009, INAH and other institutions carried out research at Toluquilla on thirty skeletons from the pre Hispanic era in order to determine the importance of mining in the south of the Sierra Gorda. The objective of the study was to determine the amount of accumulation of mercury in the bones to find out who was most involved in the mining and how it affected the health of the population. It also studies patterns of mercury contamination in the surrounding environment as well. There have been over eighty extraction sites for cinnabar found around Las Ranas and Toluquilla, which lie on one of the largest deposits of the mineral in Mexico.

Paragraph 5: The interior of the church is lined with Caen stone. The northwest transept contains the baptistry with a marble font carved by Nathaniel Hitch, who also worked with Pearson in Truro Cathedral. The nave has arcades with round piers and balconies above. The northeast transept contains the organ loft which consists of a polygonal platform supported by a central column of black marble surrounded by ten more columns around the edges. The south chapel is the Lady Chapel. Its screen of 1904 and reredos of 1904 were designed by G. F. Bodley. The ambulatory runs round the apse and is divided from the sanctuary by an arcade with statues of angel musicians in the spandrels. Above this is a frieze in high relief depicting the Adoration of the Lamb, and above this are statues of angels under canopies. The high altar reredos was carved by Nathaniel Hitch, as were the apse carvings. The pulpit is carved in Italian marble and depicts the Apostles and Church Fathers. The stained glass includes windows by Kempe and Herbert Bryans. The original pipe organ originally built by Wordsworth and Maskell of Leeds, has been unusable since 1996. The fine case and majority of the pipework survive in situ, for restoration should a funds be later made available. The console has been removed and replaced by that of an electronic organ which was made by Hugh Banton.

Paragraph 6: The findings of funeral remains and ordinary objects from the period confirms the importance of the Celts in the creation of this village and of the own culture of its inhabitants even nowadays(in this area are still spoken local variants of Gallo-italic languages, that had an important contribution by Gauls) Later, however, with the Roman colonization that had slowly decentralized the settlement and due to constant floods of the same double, the population of ancient Vaprio moved to the flat and more fertile area where the village is still located today. The Roman influence was demonstrated thanks to the finding, during the construction of the local castle in the XII-XIV century, of a Roman votive altar dedicated to "Giove Ottimo Massimo", Jupiter; in fact, it was preserved intact in the walls of the ancient church that once stood where the castle was built. The siliceous stone was then donated in 1820 to the cathedral of Novara. Being a small enough decentralized settlement, Vaprio never experienced a large expansion. In medieval times it was assigned to the Committee of Pombia; it then passed under the Counts of Biandrate in 1152, and from that period followed the fate of a larger neighbouring municipality, Momo. In 1402 the Duke of Milan Gian Galeazzo Visconti handed over the village to the nobleBarbavara who then sold it to Cristoforo di Casate. Then, in 1534, Vaprio was sold for 16,800 lire(local money) to the lord of - Fontaneto d'Agogna, Galeazzo Visconti, remaining under this family until the early nineteenth century. In the Baroque period Vaprio experienced a slight expansion, so much so that a small religious brotherhood was established in the municipality and founded a modest monastery; today, however, nothing remains of it. In the seventeenth century, the town became a minor possession of the Caccia family, under which some important changes took place in the local castle. They were also the first commissioners to build the new church of Vaprio, which replaced the previous one, smaller and older, which was located within the castle walls.

Paragraph 7: Before the writings of St David's cult by chronicler Rhygyfarch in the 11th century, St David already had a significant reputation not only in Wales, but across the Irish Sea. The earliest known reference to the Saint David was to be found in the Catalogue of Irish Saints(AD730) as one of three Welsh saints along with Saint Cadog and Saint Gildas described as the ‘holy men of Britain’. The earliest recording of his feast day of the 1st Marsh was written in both the Latin Martyrology of Tallaght and the Old Irish Martyrology of the Félire Óengusso, both most likely the work of the same author, and certainly of the community of the Céli Dé of Tallaght around 800 AD. As early as the 9th century, the Celtic Culdee monks at Tallaght monastery referred to Saint David's old hermitage as ‘Dauid Cille Muni’ meaning David's cell of the thicket, in old Irish ‘Muni’ or ‘Muine’ (modern Irish) which translates to thicket or bush grove, from which came the cognate and old Welsh translation of ‘Mynyw’ and the Latin of ‘Menevia’. The title of  ‘Mynyw’ was as much attributed to the actual Saint as to the place, it moved with him through his life from his earliest hermitage. It has been suggested he spent his infancy, was educated and established his earliest ascetic community at a place called Henfynyw, which ina mutated form means the Old(Hen) bush(Mynyw). The ‘bishop of Mynyw’ can be traced right back to the Pre-Roman times and the ancient Celtic people of the Demetae also known as the Déisi, a race that once populated much of the Kingdom of Dyfed. In the Welsh triads, it mentions Mynyw as being one of the locations of the three courts of King Arthur, the other two being Celliwig and Pen Rhionydd.

Paragraph 8: The band was started by bassist Dominic Davi, who enlisted Oobliette Sparks on keyboard who would also contribute vocals and Kristin McRory as Tsunami Bomb's original main vocalist after they left the band, Headboard in February 1998. Davi met McRory in late 1997, when she joined Headboard on vocals and had known Sparks from hanging out together at The Phoenix Theater in Petaluma. Sparks had recently left the local Petaluma band, Spacebaby that she had been in with drummer Gabe Lindeman. Calling in favors and using fill-in musicians to round out the line up, Tsunami Bomb played its first show on June 26, 1998 at the Fatty Mocha in Merced, CA with the band Luckie Strike, playing the Phoenix Theater together the next day. Gabriel Lindeman played drums for the band's first few shows, but he did not join the band full-time until 1999. Kristin McRory left Tsunami Bomb in late 1998, and Davi recruited Emily Whitehurst shortly thereafter (Emily's brother, Logan Whitehurst was Davi's roommate at the time). To add mystique and give her a more iconic presence, Davi created the moniker "Agent M" for her to use in the band. Whitehurst was credited as Agent M almost exclusively until the breakup of the band.

Paragraph 9: Born in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) to a Chetty-Burgher family of Dutch and Indian origin, Ondaatje first went to S. Thomas' Preparatory School in Kollupitiya as one of its first students, and later went to Blundell's School in the United Kingdom. His name comes from an Indian ancestor called Ondaatchi from Thanjavur, India. After his alcoholic father lost the family fortune, Ondaatje had to leave school a year from graduation. In 1956, he emigrated to Canada, arriving in Toronto with virtually no money. He quickly began to rebuild the family fortune, becoming a wealthy stockbroker, going on to be one of the three founding members of Loewen Ondaatje McCutcheon. He became a multi-millionaire in the publishing industry by founding the Pagurian Press, which he later sold to the Bronfman family. 

Paragraph 10: Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Baháʼís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Baháʼí teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Baháʼí socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. Below you will find a number of internal and external projects Baháʼís in Costa Rica have entered into over the years. Meanwhile, there were developments in the religion in other ways too. In 1984-5 official and semi-official visits by distinguished visitors to the Baháʼí World Centre have increased and included the ambassador to Israel from Costa Rica at roughly the same time musicians from 14 countries met for an international conference for Baha'i musicians, including Charles Wolcott, which served as an exhibition of indigenous dance and music, a memorial to Baháʼís suffering Persecution and an opportunity to visit a local children's hospital, orphanage, a school and a local theatre to play for children and staff - two traveling musicians joined the religion during the conference. At the end of 1985 Costa Rica co-sponsored Resolution 40/141 of the United Nations General Assembly adopted by a vote of 53–30 with 45 abstentions concerning the human rights situation in Iran even though a number of Arab and Muslim delegations made it clear that they would support the resolution if, and only if, the references to the Baháʼís were deleted. About the same time the Baháʼís of Costa Rica hosted an awards banquet for Human Rights giving awards to Luis Demetrio Tinoco Castro, the original delegate from Costa Rica for the founding of the United Nations, and the first signatory of the first statement on human rights offered by the UN. In 1987 Baháʼís hosted an even at the national center by inviting people from Taiwan, Korea and Indonesia in Costa Rica to an International Baháʼí Dinner. Also in 1987 the Baháʼís of Costa Rica co-sponsored a Family Education for Peace seminar at University for Peace with the Society of the Friends (Quacker) at which a number of papers were presented from authors across North America. About 30 Baháʼís from eight countries participated in a similar seminar held with an interfaith prayer service for peace sponsored by (and at) the University for Peace and the government of Costa Rica in 1990 - the interfaith service was televised live in Costa Rica.

Paragraph 11: In 2002, the newly formed FitzBradshaw Racing signed Supercuts, 10-10-220, Hot Tamales, and Jani-King as sponsors and Kerry Earnhardt as the driver of the team's No. 12 Chevrolet. The team also formed a technical alliance with Dale Earnhardt, Inc., receiving engines and engineering support from DEI. Earnhardt had two top-fives and finished 22nd in points. Earnhardt did not have a top-ten finish in 2003, and was released after the Tropicana Twister 300. Tim Fedewa, who had been Earnhardt's spotter since 2002, and crew chief for a single race, replaced him for the balance of the season. Fedewa finished in the top-20 eight times. Fedewa had five top-tens in 2004, and finished sixteenth in points. Fedewa struggled in 2005, and did not finish in the top-ten, causing him to be released after Pikes Peak. Joel Kauffman, Paul Wolfe, Carlos Contreras, Kertus Davis, Sterling Marlin, and Steadman Marlin all shared the ride for the rest of the season. In 2006, the No. 12 car has seen several different drivers through the first 25 races of the season. Joel Kauffman was slated to run the full schedule for the team this year, however after struggling the team scaled back his schedule. David Reutimann ran the car at Daytona because Kauffman had not received approval for superspeedway racing. Tracy Hines and Mike Skinner drove the car in multiple races. For the 2007 season, Fitz Motorsports switched to the No. 22 and signed David Stremme and Mike Bliss as their principal drivers. Both drivers had great success in the No. 22, with Bliss scoring the team's best finish of second at Memphis. When the team came to Montreal for the inaugural NAPA Auto Parts 200, the team - in a last-second decision - placed Canadian CART regular Patrick Carpentier in the car. Carpentier won the pole position for the race and charged from 6th with less than 2 laps to go to finish second to Kevin Harvick.

Paragraph 12: The various stories on the origin of the Rodi caste are contradictory and therefore far from certain. According to Mahavams Chronicle, Rodiyas were the 24,000 South Indian Dalits brought as prisoners of war from South India by King Gajabahu (114-136 A.D.) of Ceylon. To prevent escape they were re-settled in the rural hill country Kotmale area of the Central Highlands of Ceylon. This Rodiya (origin: Indian word Rowdy meaning unruly and destructive behaviour) community were considered as untouchables due to their grotesque religious practices stemming from their South Indian tribal religious beliefs which involves Cannibalism and Black magic Practices that were inhuman, unclean, heretical (Heresy) practices which were loathed in disgust by the Native Sinhalese Buddhists of Ceylon. Rodis have their own mythical stories about their origin (Princess Ratnavalli story) have been passed down orally by their generations. They were considered so untouchable that the Sinhalese royal law prescribed the punishment to banish worst offenders and convicts to the Rodiya community which was considered a worst punishment than the capital punishment, i.e. the daughter of King Parakramabahu named Ratnavalli (also known as Navaratna Valli) secretly conniving with a Rodiya caste butcher (who was supplying venison to the royal court) shared a taste for human flesh (Cannibalism). This was later found out by the king and enraged by her serious offense, the King banished her to the Rodiya community, offering her as the bride to that same butcher. Some of these stories are found in published documents as well. Rodis were considered to be purely a low caste group. According to Kandyan law, the worst punishment for high caste nobles was the exiling them to the Rodi caste. Robert Knox (sailor) and Hugh Nevill are two of the prominent writers who have mentioned the Rodi Caste in their writings. Although these folklore tales do not provide many facts about the origins of the Rodi, they trace a connection between the daughter of King Parakramabahu and a butcher. Even today they practice deciet, witchcraft, voodoo, blackmagic, human sacrifice and cannibalism.

Paragraph 13: The different clans are connected to each other in the system of the malu ai. The malu clan are in this case in a partnership, the woman and feminine goods such as pigs and clothes, while from the ai baqa, clan receive wives and give masculine goods. This used to include gold, silver and water buffalo, now replaced by money and cattle. On ceremonial occasions, such as funerals or of the clan house repair, goods between are again malu and ai baqa replaced. However, women rarely leave their clan. In the majority of the Bunak family, a matrilineal system prevails for the succession. The man traditionally moves into the clan of the bride (Matrilocality), where the later children also grow up. The husband has to provide as a mane pou ("new man") his children and wife, but is not considered a family member. He also has no claims or rights over his wife and children, even if he had to pay a high bride price. In 1991 this was about US dollars 5,100. If the wife dies first, the widower must leave the village and even his own children, and return to his old home village. This may also be necessary through certain ceremonies. He is not allowed to take any valuable property, therefore he is dependent on the help of his clan and his family. He also does not receive the support from his own children as a clan. When the woman moves into an ai baqa clan, one speaks of the clipping of the woman from her clan. She is admitted to her husband's clan, where the family forms a new line of lineage (dil), establishing a new malu - ai baqa relationship. The children also belong to the clan of the father. Clans can maintain as much as fifteen malu relationships but there can never be more than three to six dil. They maintain their status in the further course of the mother line. The members of the dil lead the name of the maternal clan and keep their property and their sacred objects. In Ainaro, however, the influence of neighboring Mambai people has led to a patrilineal structure. Also here the Mambai and Bunak people share a common legend. Thus, the Bunak people from Mau-Nuno derive from the same mythical ancestral couple and the summit of the mountain from which they are derived has both a Bunak and a Mambai name.

Paragraph 14: In 1879 the Congress of Peru authorized President Prado to leave the country in search of arms in New York and naval vessels in Brest, France. On December 18 he left for New York to meet with William R. Grace founder of W.R. Grace (founded in Lima in 1854) and friend of President Prado.  Upon his arrival in New York, he was informed that Nicolas de Pierola had taken control of the capital Lima on December 23.  Nicolas de Pierola had been plotting to take over for many years and had returned to Lima from Santiago just before the war with Chile broke out.  Pierola used Prado's trip to claim Prado had fled the country. These and subsequent accusations were proven false.  Pierola mismanaged the war effort and deserted the capital when Chile troops landed in Barranco, south of Lima.  Despite the occupation of Lima, the war with Chile continued led by General Caceres.  During this phase of the war General Prado's son Leoncio was captured and executed by Chile. General Prado lost three sons in the war with Chile.  An armistice was signed on October 20, 1883, and a final peace treaty was signed in 1929 with the return of Tacna to Peru.  Prado was exonerated by General Caceres and returned to Peru.

Paragraph 15: T'ang asked again: 'Are there large things and small, long and short, similar and different?'—'To the East of the Gulf of Chih-li, who knows how many thousands and millions of miles, there is a deep ravine, a valley truly without bottom; and its bottomless underneath is named "The Entry to the Void". The waters of the eight corners and the nine regions, the stream of the Milky Way, all pour into it, but it neither shrinks nor grows. Within it there are five mountains, called Tai-yü, Yüan-chiao, Fang-hu, Ying-chou and P'eng-Iai. These mountains are thirty thousand miles high, and as many miles round; the tablelands on their summits extend for nine thousand miles. It is seventy thousand miles from one mountain to the next, but they are considered close neighbours. The towers and terraces upon them are all gold and jade, the beasts and birds are all unsullied white; trees of pearl and garnet always grow densely, flowering and bearing fruit which is always luscious, and those who eat of it never grow old and die. The men who dwell there are all of the race of [] immortal sages, who fly, too many to be counted, to and from one mountain to another in a day and a night. Yet the bases of the five mountains used to rest on nothing; they were always rising and falling, going and returning, with the ebb and flow of the tide, and never for a moment stood firm. The [] immortals found this troublesome, and complained about it to God. God was afraid that they would drift to the far West and he would lose the home of his sages. So he commanded Yü-ch'iang to make fifteen [] giant turtles  carry the five mountains on their lifted heads, taking turns in three watches, each sixty thousand years long; and for the first time the mountains stood firm and did not move.'But there was a giant from the kingdom of the Dragon Earl, who came to the place of the five mountains in no more than a few strides. In one throw he hooked six of the turtles in a bunch, hurried back to his country carrying them together on his back, and scorched their bones to tell fortunes by the cracks. Thereupon two of the mountains, Tai-yü and Yüan-chiao, drifted to the far North and sank in the great sea; the [] immortals who were carried away numbered many millions. God was very angry, and reduced by degrees the size of the Dragon Earl's kingdom and the height of his subjects. At the time of Fu-hsi and Shen-nung, the people of this country were still several hundred feet high.' 

Paragraph 16: Same-sex marriage in New Jersey has been legally recognized since October 21, 2013, the effective date of a trial court ruling invalidating New Jersey's restriction of marriage to persons of different sexes. In September 2013, Mary C. Jacobson, Assignment Judge of the Mercer Vicinage of the Superior Court, ruled that as a result of the U.S. Supreme Court's June 2013 decision in United States v. Windsor, the Constitution of New Jersey requires the state to recognize same-sex marriages. The Windsor decision held that the federal government was required to provide the same benefits to same-sex couples who were married under state law as to other married couples. Therefore, the state court reasoned in Garden State Equality v. Dow that, because same-sex couples in New Jersey were limited to civil unions, which are not recognized as marriages under federal law, the state must permit civil marriage for same-sex couples. This ruling, in turn, relied on the 2006 decision of the New Jersey Supreme Court in Lewis v. Harris that the state was constitutionally required to afford the rights and benefits of marriage to same-sex couples. The Supreme Court had ordered the New Jersey Legislature to correct the constitutional violation, by permitting either same-sex marriage or civil unions with all the rights and benefits of marriage, within 180 days. In response, the Legislature passed a bill to legalize civil unions on December 21, 2006, which became effective on February 19, 2007.

Paragraph 17: Jack has a reunion with Nancy Donovan (Julianne Moore), his old high school crush. He is torn between her and his new flame, CNBC anchor Avery Jessup (Elizabeth Banks). After having sex with Nancy, he confesses that he is in love with both Nancy and another woman. Avery and Nancy meet by chance, and Nancy discovers that Avery is pregnant. Nancy is the one who tells Jack. Unbeknownst to Avery, Liz and Jack are accidentally married to each other in the Caribbean. The officiant whom Jack and Avery had hired for their wedding did not speak English and in due course honestly mistook Liz for the bride because she answered his request for a vow of commitment "oui" while wearing a white tennis dress and a white mosquito net (her clothes having been lost in an luggage mishap) and standing next to Jack at the altar (as best man after Bob Ballard failed to make it). Liz uses the situation to blackmail Jack into restoring TGSs budget, in exchange for signing the annulment documents and ceasing to give his [legally their] money away to fund projects like The Jack and Elizabeth Donaghy High School for Teen Drama, The Arts, and Feelings. With Jack and Avery properly married, their daughter is born while in Canada (despite their efforts to cross the border and ensure she is born in America so she will be constitutionally eligible to become President). Despite Avery's concerns about the closeness of Jack and Liz's mentor-protégé relationship, the couple name their daughter Elizabeth Donaghy. They, however, call her "Liddy" as an honor to Elizabeth "Liddy" Dole, G. Gordon Liddy, and Jack's martial arts teacher, Lih De. Their pediatrician is, by unhappy coincidence, named Dr. Kevorkian.  Avery is kidnapped and held hostage in North Korea.  While Avery is held captive, Jack finds consolation in Avery's mother, Diana. The two end up sharing a kiss in the days before Avery returns home. Jack never masturbates during Avery's absence, as he claims to have never "Mommy Daddy sheet monstered" himself. Avery returns to the United States in exchange for a North Korean spy, Jack having unwittingly facilitated the exchange when he sold horribly uncomfortable Kouchtown couches to the CIA as interrogation tools. Jack and Avery plan to renew their vows but eventually divorce each other because of Jack's relationship with Avery's mother and Avery's relationship with Scott Scottsman, a fellow former captive. Jack also admits that he and Avery only married because of Avery's pregnancy.

Paragraph 18: Loki had been preparing to place "cracks" in Osborn's mental armor to hasten his eventual fall from power, using the Mighty Avengers for such a purpose, and scheming to set the Mighty Avengers against his Dark Avengers eventually. However, Loki is also cruel and conniving, willing to remove those she deemed possibly disruptive to her own plans, such as Cassandra Lang and Pietro Maximoff. When Wiccan cast a spell to bring Scarlet Witch to them, Loki appears as Scarlet Witch and states that Cassandra Lang sealed their fates, to be shortly ambushed by Ronin. Soon enough, he determines that she's not Wanda, just by kissing her and stating that the real Scarlet Witch would've used her power to revive Cassandra's father. Afraid of exposure due to Wiccan's magic threatening to reveal her true form, Loki was forced to leave swearing all their deaths. At the first Cabal meeting, Loki says that she wants Asgard, back in the heavens where it belongs, when asked by Namor of her own desires. The Son of Satan, Doctor Strange and Doctor Voodoo joined forces to magically purge Dormammu from his vessel, the Hood. Loki visited the severely burned Robbins, revealing to him her desire to use him as an additional instrument to Osborn's collapse, and gave him a "second chance", thus indebting him to her; it is later revealed that Loki, Madame Masque and the Hood had journeyed together to Cuba and located the Asgardian Norn Stones to serve as a new power source for the Hood. In Siege: The Cabal, though Osborn appears to place trust in Loki and is working with him personally to counter the Asgard issue, his Green Goblin persona (later revealed to actually be created by Loki's magic) warns him that Loki is the God of Mischief and thus cannot be trusted as an ally, for he seeks to better only his own agenda. However, the Hood's own deals with Osborn, his new debt to Loki, and Namor's uncertainty that he should be of the Cabal at all, complicated matters even more; despite the Hood and Osborn's friction and different viewpoints, the latter did defend Parker when Namor questions the Hood's position in their secret group. Emma Frost and Parker Robbins have not met each other before the Cabal's first gathering, and their first encounter ended poorly, with Robbins threatening Frost, to which she responds with making the Hood redirect his gun into his mouth and detecting the presence of Dormammu, though their relationship seems to be milder the second time they have interacted.

Paragraph 19: With little encouragement at home, Keats sought validation for his skills at school and learned about art at the public library. He received a medal for drawing on graduating from Junior High School 149. Although unimpressive-looking, the medal meant a great deal to him, and he kept it his entire life. Keats attended Thomas Jefferson High School, where he won a national contest run by Scholastic for an oil painting depicting hobos warming themselves around a fire. At his graduation, in January 1935, he was to receive the senior class medal for excellence in art. Two days before the ceremony, Benjamin Katz died in the street of a heart attack. When Keats identified his father's body, he later wrote, "I found myself staring deep into his secret feelings. There in his wallet were worn and tattered newspaper clippings of the notices of the awards I had won. My silent admirer and supplier, he had been torn between his dread of my leading a life of hardship and his real pride in my work."

Paragraph 20: These fathers pose the question, "Of what doth the Glory of Kings consist?" One Gregory answers with a speech (chapters 3–17) which ends with the statement that a copy of the Glory of God was made by Moses and kept in the Ark of the Covenant. After this, the archbishop Dĕmâtĕyôs reads from a book he had found in the church of "Sophia", which introduces what Hubbard calls "the centerpiece" of this work, the story of Makeda (better known as the Queen of Sheba), King Solomon, Menelik I, and how the Ark came to Ethiopia (chapters 19–94). Although the author of the final redaction identified this Gregory with Gregory Thaumaturgus, who lived in the 3rd century before this Council, the time and the allusion to Gregory's imprisonment for 15 years by the king of Armenia make Gregory the Illuminator a better fit.

Paragraph 21: Many of the Topolino Snow White comics were the works of Romano Scarpa. His comic "The Seven Dwarfs and King Arbor's Crystal" (I Sette Nani e il cristallo di Re Arbor) provides an explanation as to how the Queen would have survived her apparent death in the film (as some branches and bushes eased the fall and she was rescued by her loyal guards) and why she could not change back to her normal self (as her castle was burned down by the Huntsman and her book of magic is gone). In this story, Grimhilde (Grimilde) enlists the aid of her great admirer and past suitor, the evil King Arbor of Vegetalia, in a plot to use a magic crystal device to swap her old body with Snow White's. The intrigue is foiled by the dwarves who destroy the crystal, and the resigned Arbor allows the Witch to live with him, saying he will try to remember she was "the most beautiful among queens". The uneasy relationship between Grimhilde and Abor continued in "The Seven Dwarfs and the Fountainhead" (I Sette nani e la fonte meravigliosa), in which she desperately attempts to regain her youth, but instead only turns into a childlike version of her Witch form for a short time. Other comics by Romano Scarpa do have the Queen back in her youthful body, and sometimes even taking other shapes, as well as commanding various minions. In "The Seven Dwarfs and the Birtch Ring" (I Sette Nani e l'anello di betulla by Romano Scarpa), the Queen learns about the eighth Dwarf named Ginger (Zenzero), who has left his companions to go in search of fortune traveling the world, and transforms into a pixie calling herself Fagottina to send him home and sow discord among his brothers. In "The Seven Dwarfs and the Wolf's Cliff" (I Sette Nani e la balza del lupo), she sends a gang of three bandits named Bragia, Sghembo and Schidione to kidnap Snow White. In "The Seven Dwarfs and the Throne of Diamonds" (I Sette Nani e il trono di diamanti), Jiminy Cricket is deeply enamored by the Queen's beauty and attempts to convince her to become good, but the Queen refuses to be redeemed. Instead she orders her loyal soldiers to steal the throne that the Dwarfs make for Snow White in a plot to turn her rival into an old woman. Eventually, the Queen is captured by another witch named Tardona and Snow White is restored to her youth.

Paragraph 22: The story beings with Iason on the run, wanted in a Scandinavian realm where he had been a guest and where he had committed an unspecified offence serious enough to justify his being killed out of hand if caught. He makes his way to a Magyar realm where he asks for refuge. While Iason stays there, a Native American woman attempts to seduce him – but he refuses, stating that he is "under vow." In fact, he is in hurry to meet the local Magyar ruler and receive his firm vow that he would not be extradited, before his Scandinavian pursuers had the chance to talk to the Magyar. This caution was well founded – after talking to his Scandinavian counterpart, the Magyar ruler is furious with Iason, saying "You have sucked my vow out of me, if I had known what you had done I would have killed you myself!". However, the vow is unbreakable, and Iason receives transport to where he could finally get to back to his home universe – the self-styled "Eutopia" which gives the story its name, an Earth where classical Greece came to dominate the planet. He checks in with a superior (Daimonax) and complains of the barbarism of the people he has encountered, but Daimonax contradicts him, stating that people have different views on what it means to be civilized, and that Eutopia's carefully planned society may have lost the simple pleasures of life. The story ends as it is revealed that Iason had seduced and slept with a young boy (the son of his Scandinavian earlier host) before the opening of the story. The Scandinavian and Magyar culture have a strong taboo against homosexuality while Iason's world has kept the Classical Greek attitudes. At the conclusion it turns out that the "Niki" to whom the protagonist's thoughts keep turning is the nickname of Nikias, a young boy in Eutopia who is Iason's lover.

Paragraph 23: On February 5, 1865, Grant sent a large force of cavalry and the V Corps of infantry toward Dinwiddie Court House and Stony Creek Station to interrupt the Confederate's Boydton Plank Road supply route and capture large numbers of wagons with supplies reported to be en route. The raid on the supply route and supplies accomplished little as only 18 wagons were found on the road A significant result of the offensive was the extension of the Union line  to the west from Fort Sampson to the Vaughan Road crossing of Hatcher's Run and captured two key road crossings of Hatcher's Run near Armstrong's Mill. The action of the II Corps, which was promptly joined by the V Corps, in moving to protect the attacking force and to defend their advanced positions, resulted in the extension of the lines. Fighting continued in bad weather on February 6 and 7 after which the Union force built trenches and fortifications to hold the extended line. The Confederates matched the Union works by extending their Boydton Plank Road Line to the south and their White Oak Road line to the west. With the additions, the lines of the armies south of Petersburg extended  from the Appomattox River to Hatcher's Run.

Paragraph 24: In 2001, upon release of the single, Love Jones landed on the Billboard Hot Dance Breakouts Maxi Singles chart at #2 position, the Urban Inspired Radio Waves at #24, Behind the Scenes WJKS at #1, and WNNN at #10. Shortly thereafter, other stations began adding and spinning the single. These were milestones of achievement, especially for an independent project with very limited distribution outlets. In efforts to counter the shortcomings that often challenge indies, she supported the label's aggressive campaign to get the music heard at as many outlets as would welcome independent artists. Thus, she performed at venues, including but not limited to, the BRE Conference in Atlanta, GA, Billboard Monitor Airplay in New York City, Unifest in Washington DC, Annual Unity Festival, Family Day in the Park in Columbus, GA, and Urban Network Power Jam in Palm Springs, sharing the stage with artists from Tommy Boy, EMI, Sony, Universal, and other labels. She also performed at other radio station sponsored concerts/festivals, clubs, school, churches, and private events across the country.  She appeared at the NoHo LA 3rd Anniversary Party and Awards Celebration, which featured art exhibitions by Grammy Award winner Allee Willis, known for mega hits such as Boogie Wonderland, I'll Be There for You, September, Neutron Dance, and Beverly Hills Cop soundtrack. Eartha performed for the TV tapings Fountain of Youth and Gospel Superfest 2000, both of which aired in over 40 markets in 2000 and 2001 respectively. She performed live for the ABC's Louisville, KY early morning newscast. Other appearances included Lady of Soul Awards, the RockWalk induction of Melissa Etheridge and Run DMC among others. The release received considerable attention from record pools, noncommercial, and college radio. The label launched a national movie theater advertising campaign to showcase Eartha in over 15,000 theatre screens and 5,000,000 in-theatre spins of track "Never Change." The track played in theatres before and after feature films. A national postering campaign at college campuses in New York, Atlanta, LA, Chicago, Detroit, Miami, San Francisco, Houston, Philadelphia, and Washington DC was also launched to support the release. Concurrently, the album was capturing the attention of music editors and receiving great coverage. The consensus was that Eartha was indeed a truly gifted and innovative talent whose creative abilities offered great innovation and a promising future. Urban Network's Music Editor Scott Galloway affirmed, "Eartha testifies with a heartfelt flava." Billboard Magazine noted, "Interest appears to be building for This I Know, the debut release from this contemporary Christian/gospel artist Eartha…the girl can really sing." Many artists have begun infusing all types of sounds into their music, making it diverse and often unpredictable. Eartha is leading the way.  "In the arena of innovative, new sound there is always one step further you can go…and Eartha Moore has taken that step and has kept right on moving," said Christian Moore (no relation to Eartha) from Dysonna Magazine.  This I Know was noted among the best in recorded music.

Paragraph 25: Denison was offered the position of Lieutenant-Governor of Van Diemen's Land in 1846 on the recommendation of Sir John Burgoyne, and arrived at Hobart on 25 January 1847.  Six members of the nominee Legislative Council had resigned in protest over the costs of the prison system, which was partly borne by Tasmanians, and increased by the suspension of transportation to New South Wales. There had been a strong protest from members of the Anti-Transportation League and Sir John Eardley-Wilmot had been recalled for his failure to administer. Denison was told that no convicts would be sent so that he could fix the problem. The Tasmanian Legislative Council had no quorum. Due to difficulties in appointing replacements, Denison chose to rule without a functioning Council, even though this meant he could not pass legislation, including that needed to amend some local tax laws that were subsequently found to be faulty. He became at odds with the two judges; the power of the council to levy taxes. This had arisen after a case of dog tax that John Morgan, the editor of Britannia had refused to pay. The case was taken to the Supreme Court where Chief Justice Pedder and Judge Montagu ruled that the local Act was contrary to the imperial statute which required the revenue to be set aside for use to specific local purpose. Denison thereupon charged the judges with neglect of duty in failing to identify the faults in the laws before they were enacted. He suggested that the Chief Justice should apply for leave of absence, and also found an opportunity to dismiss Montagu who was threatened with an action by a creditor. Denison was afterwards reprimanded by the Secretary of State, Earl Grey, for his conduct towards Pedder, but the dismissal of Montagu was confirmed.

Paragraph 26: TETRIX® MAX Robotics parts can be categorized into 12 types of parts. Firstly, there are the channels. TETRIX® MAX Robotics building system utilizes structural channels (C-channels) as the main building blocks of its building system. These C-channels are all included with the trademarked hole pattern on all sides. This allows them to connect to all other structural parts as well as connect to axle hubs and motor brackets for the mounting of wheels or motorized wheels. These C-channels comes in 4 lengths, 32 mm, 96 mm, 160 mm, 288 mm. The next category of parts are bars and angles. These parts do not have the trademarked hole pattern nor the holes for connecting the axles. They only have connection points for the included screws. The TETRIX® MAX Robotics building system offers the 288mm flat bar. It also has two lengths of angles (slotted angle), which are 144mm and 288mm. The next category of parts are plates and brackets. For plates, the TETRIX® MAX Robotics building system offers one size of flat building plate which its main purpose is to create more connection points and building space. As for brackets, the TETRIX® MAX Robotics building system offers five types in total. These are the Flat Building Bracket, the L Bracket, the Inside Corner Bracket, the Inside C Connector, and the Adjustable Angle Corner Bracket. A similarity that all of the plates and brackets share is that they all have the trademarked hole pattern. The next category of parts are the flats. These are oblong shaped flat bars that have one row of the trademarked hole pattern. They vary in 4 lengths, 64 mm, 96 mm, 160 mm, and 288 mm. This category of parts also offer the Adjustable Angle Flat Bracket. Moving on, the fifth category of parts are the axles, hubs, and spacers. This category of parts are dedicated to the connections between wheels, axles, gears, and structural parts. There are the Motor Hub, the Axle Hub, the Axle Set Collar, the 100 mm Axle, the Bronze Bushing, the Gear Hub Spacer, the 1/8″ Axle Spacer, the 3/8″ Axle Spacer, and the Flat Round Spacer. The next category of parts are gears. The TETRIX® MAX Robotics building system offers gears of two tooth count, 40-tooth and 80-tooth. The seventh category of parts are the standoffs. The TETRIX® MAX Robotics building system offers standoffs in 4 lengths, 1″, 2″, 32 mm, and 16 mm. The next category of TETRIX® MAX Robotics parts are servos and hardware. These includes the servomotor, its cables, various mounting brackets designated mounting brackets. To be more specific, the servomotor is the 180° Standard-Scale HS-458HB Servo Motor, the cables including the Servo Extension and the Servo Y Connector. TETRIX® MAX Robotics building system also includes numerous servomotor mounting kits and brackets. These include the Single Standard-Scale Servo Motor Bracket, the Standard-Scale Pivot Arm with Bearing, the Standard Servo Mounting Kit, and the Adjustable Servo Brackets. The next Category are DC motors and hardware. These include the Motor Mount, the TETRIX® MAX DC Gear Motor, and the Motor Power Cable. Moving on, the tenth category are tires and wheels. The TETRIX® MAX Robotics building system provides two type of wheel. There is the standard TETRIX® MAX 4″ Wheel and the TETRIX® MAX 4″ Omni Wheel. The next category of parts are nuts, screws, and fasteners. These are the parts used to fasten all of the parts together. The TETRIX® MAX Robotics building system provides only Kep Nuts, but have three types of screws. Firstly, there are two lengths of 6-32 Socket Head Cap Screws, 1/2″ and 5/16″. The third type of screw is the 3/8″ Button Head Cap Screw. Various TETRIX® MAX Robotic kit also comes with Zip Ties. The next category of parts are Batteries and Chargers. These parts are the Battery Mounting Clips, the TETRIX® MAX 12-volt 3,000 mAh Battery and the MAX 12-volt Battery Charger. Moving on, the next category are tool. TETRIX® MAX Robotic kits also comes with numerous tools including, the 4-in-1 Screwdriver, the TETRIX® Wrench Set, the TETRIX® MAX Hex Key Pack, Miniature Ball-Point Hex Driver and the 2-in-1 Screwdriver. Lastly, the fourteenth category of parts are electronics and controls. These include the TETRIX® Wireless Joystick Gamepad System with Receiver, the TETRIX® MAX R/C Motor Controller, the TETRIX® On/Off Power Switch, and the TETRIX® R/C Components Mounting Kit.

Paragraph 27: R. Novaković (1973) does not support that he was a duke of Dalmatian Croatia, as no contemporary sources name him as such. According to him, Borna could only be the duke of that area that was at the time under Frankish supreme rule, and that he was active only in the area included in the rebellion against Frankish rule, that is, only west of the Una river. It is possible that Borna was the duke of an archonty not yet part of Croatia in the beginning of the 9th century, neither was Croatia at all included in the events of Ljudevit's rebellion. The war was fought only in the area under Frankish rule, while Dalmatian Croatia was outside those events, as it at that time was under Byzantine supreme rule. M. Atlagić and B. Milutinović (2002) treat him as a Dalmatian Slavic ruler. Another view is that it seems that after the Timociani did not receive aid, a part of them settled in Slavonia, it seems also that Borna moved with them; S. Prvanović (1962) viewed him as a duke from Timok-Kučevo that founded the first Croatian state, while M. S. Milojević (1872) treated him as a Frankish vassal in "Littoral Croatia" that originally held three counties in the Timok region. Prvanović claimed that F. Racki had falsified the RFA, that Borna actually was the duke of Guduscani and Timociani, combined, and that Racki had put a comma after Guduscani, based on the identification with Gacka in Lika and presumption that due to the geographical distance between the two meant that the two could not have had nearer contact nor a joint duke. Prvanović was not the first to put the Guduscani in the Timok region; 19th-century P. J. Šafárik and V. Karić located them around the Timok and Danube.

Paragraph 28: The first description of a species of butterfly-lily was already published in 1700 by the English botanist Leonard Plukenet in his book Almagesti botanici mantissa. He named it Erythrobulbus. The description was probably based on a collection of W. thyrsiflora made by Henrik Bernard Oldenland between 1689 and 1697. In 1739, Johann Philipp Breyne described and illustrated what is undoubtedly a Wachendorfia, giving it the name Asphodelus latifolius in his book Prodromus fasciculi rariorum plantarum, but these names predate the start of Linnaean taxonomy in 1753 and are therefore invalid. Johannes Burman described both W. thyrsiflora and W. paniculata in his monography of the genus Wachendorfia in 1757. Pehr Löfling had already assigned the name Wachendorfia to a genus in the Commelinaceae, but his work was published only two years after his death in 1756 by Linnaeus, and therefore, Burman's name has priority, and Löfling's homonym was replaced by Callisia. Carl Peter Thunberg, who visited the Cape from 1772 to 1775, collected additional specimens of Wachendorfia and Carl Linnaeus the Younger described some of these as W. graminifolia in 1781. Thunberg renamed the specimens described by Linnaeus the Younger (in 1781), creating the invalid name W. graminea. Richard Anthony Salisbury created the names W. elata, W. humilis, W. pallida and W. brevifolia. Thunberg distinguished W. hirsuta and W. tenella, both in his book Flora Capensis - sistens plantas promontorii Bonæ Spei Africes - secundum systema sexuale emendatum of 1811. William Herbert distinguished W. paniculata var. β in Curtis's Botanical Magazine vol. 53 in 1826, which was raised to the status of species by Robert Sweet, who called it W. herbertii. In 1829, Karel Bořivoj Presl described Pedilonia violacea. Friedrich Wilhelm Klatt described Babiana multiflora in 1882. Winsome Fanny Barker described in 1949, W. brachyandra and W. parviflora (a later synonym of W. multiflora). In their 1992 revision of the genus Wachendorfia, Nick Helme and Hans Peter Linder conclude that four species can be distinguished, W. thyrsiflora, W. paniculata, W. brachyandra and W. parviflora. John Manning and Peter Goldblatt recognised in 2000 that Babiana multiflora should be assigned to the genus Wachendorfia and so create the new combination W. multiflora. It has priority over its synonym W. parviflora because the original combination was published earlier. W. elata is a synonym of W. thyrsiflora, and all others should be treated as synonyms for W. paniculata, a very variable species, which shows a continuous intergrading of characters.

Paragraph 29: Harris's biggest contribution to the game, however, is in the One Day International arena in 2004, Harris became the first New Zealand player to have played 250 ODIs, in a season in which he was also the first New Zealander to take 200 wickets, at an average of 37 and an economy rate of just 4.28. In these matches, he also scored over 4300 runs at an average of 29 and has over 90 catches in the field. Harris also has a reputation for his abilities as a close fielder, achieving many run-outs with accurate throwing from positions such as the square leg.

Paragraph 30: Suryakanth's younger brother Ramakanth is a fanboy of Silk and starts to befriend her. Silk develops a liking for him after she realizes that he is the first man who loves her for more than just her body and sex appeal. Silk visits her hometown with Ramakanth and is happy to see the crowd gathering around to see her, but is left heartbroken as her mother slams the door on her face. At an awards ceremony Silk is praised for her performance but is insulted by Suryakanth who tells her that she is nothing more than everyone's "dirty secret". Hurt by his remarks, Silk announces that she will continue to make her "dirty pictures" and that she has no qualms about doing so. She begins to spend more time with Ramakanth and becomes the focus of tabloid gossip after noted journalist Naila criticizes Silk for having a romantic relationship with both brothers. To avoid a scandal and also to get revenge, Suryakanth drops Silk from his forthcoming films, forcing her to work with smaller, unknown filmmakers. She loses interest in her work and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress, Shakeela. During a dance challenge, she tries to outshine Shakeela by dancing more and more erotically and finally intentionally trips Shakeela, much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth who had been planning to introduce Silk to his parents as a prospective bride. Ramakanth then decides to end their relationship. Silk says she has no shame about what she is, and drives away Ramakanth. Silk also walks out from a film set when the director calls her out for being inattentive at the shoot. The film transitions 2 months after the incident. To ease her heartbreak and the rejection from her mother, Silk, who had already been into drinking and smoking, goes full-fledged turns to alcohol and chain smoking. She shows symptoms of depression. She also gains weight, causing her to lose her status as a sex symbol. Silk approaches Selva Ganesh with an offer to produce a film together. Ultimately, the audience and industry lost interest in her, and the film fails. On the other hand, Abraham directs a film starring himself, containing commercial eroticism and that turns out to be a huge hit. He feels that he has finally proven to Silk (and himself) that he has defeated Silk. But Abraham takes a liking towards Silk even though he claims that he hate her. Having lost her fame and fortune, Silk has accumulated so much debt that she approaches a small-time filmmaker, willing to take on any role. She is shocked to find that he wants her to do a pornographic film, and she refuses. He intoxicates her with alcohol and starts filming, without her permission. The place is raided by the police but Silk manages to escape. She has several visions of her past and encounters Rathnamma's shop on the way and tries to hide from being seen by her. Completely heartbroken and inundated with substance abuse, she reaches her house and cries bitterly.