Paragraph 1: The DOMCO mines were subsumed by the British Empire Steel Corporation (BESCO) in 1920, and BESCO management soon began a targeted campaign to break the union, organized as District 26, United Mine Workers of America. There were many small strikes in the Sydney coalfield between 1920 and 1925, but the longest, in 1925, lasted from March to August. When the latest contract  expired on January 15, 1925, BESCO refused to deal with the union and on March 2 cut off credit at the company stores. The union went on strike four days later, with 12,000 miners manning the picket lines, leaving a small workforce to maintain the mines and keep them from flooding. Despite the economic hardship which saw families come to the brink of starvation by June, the miners' resolve was strong. When BESCO refused arbitration, the union adopted a policy of 100 per cent picketing. This included shutting down operations at the pumping station and power plant at Waterford Lake, which would prevent the company from resuming operations in that district. On June 10, BESCO tasked its company police force to return to Waterford Lake with thirty company workers and continue its plan to restart the water and electricity to its facilities and to the parts of town that had the benefit of running water and power. The following morning on June 11, the company police began a patrol pattern of intimidation which led to small clashes throughout town, culminating in a protest by 700 to 3,000 striking miners who marched on the Waterford Lake in an attempt to persuade the company workers to support the strike. The company police were staring down the miners at 11:00 AM when the police charged the crowd, firing over 300 shots and injuring many. One police officer shot deliberately at Davis, piercing his heart and killing him within minutes. The company police force then retreated as the miners swarmed the facility. The coal miners also began attacking company stores and other coal company properties in the Sydney coalfield, resulting in the deployment of the provincial police force and almost 2,000 soldiers from the Canadian Army - the second-largest military deployment for an internal conflict in Canadian history after the North-West Rebellion of 1885. BESCO eventually accepted government intervention and agreed to settle the strike. BESCO gave up its attempts to break District 26 U.M.W.A., which by then had grown to become one of the most militant labour organizations on the continent. The company was eventually taken over and merged into a larger conglomerate in 1930 called the Dominion Steel and Coal Corporation (DOSCO), but Industrial Cape Breton remained a hotbed of labour activism

Paragraph 2: When bowling, Trumble made the most of his height, bringing the ball over the full extent of his right arm. His action was described by his team-mate and bowling partner, Monty Noble, as "sidelong and insinuating, with his neck craned like a gigantic bird". He bowled off spinners with an impeccable length at medium pace and was able to swing the new ball. He had a well-disguised slower ball, hoodwinking batsmen such as Stanley Jackson, who said, "You old devil. You get me caught-and-bowled whenever you like but I'll pick that slow one sooner or later." He preferred English pitches, saying he hardly saw one on which he could not get some turn and the temperate weather allowed him to bowl all day. In Australia, Trumble had to work harder for his wickets on firmer pitches, relying on his change of pace and consistent accuracy; he claimed he could land the ball on a saucer  away five times out of six. Johnnie Moyes named him as an "immortal of the art" who succeeded by "attacking the batsman's strength". W. G. Grace called him "the best bowler Australia has sent us". While Trumble was able to score 1,183 runs during the 1899 tour of England, the demands of bowling did not allow him to consistently score heavily. His long, prehensile fingers helped him make a reputation as a fine slips fieldsman and he was the first to take 20 catches in an Australian season. English cricketer Johnny Douglas said, "Trumble should not be allowed on the cricket field—his natural place would be up trees in the bush." He practised slip fielding by catching a tennis ball thrown against a brick wall; he believed this practise trained him not to "snatch" at the ball but allow it to fall into his safe hands.

Paragraph 3: Many J70s could be found working on the Wisbech and Upwell Tramway in East Anglia only 28 miles (46 km) from Rev. W. Awdry's parish at Elsworth in Cambridgeshire in the same diocese.  Rev. W. Awdry wrote about Toby the Tram Engine in 1952, shortly before he was transferred to Emneth parish. The Tramway ran from Wisbech, through Emneth – the next station on the line – then through Outwell and Upwell. This area and its line was well known to Rev. W. Awdry who often visited Ely nearby. The Tramway was primarily used for the transportation of fruit and other farm produce to the main line at Wisbech. The line closed to passengers in 1927, but freight services continued until lorries and road transport boomed in the 1950s. In 1952, the steam tram engines were replaced by diesel Drewry Shunters (the BR Class 04). Inspiration for Toby came from the Awdrys watching a J70 – probably 68221, one of three J70s built in 1914 (as GER 127) – at Great Yarmouth in 1951. Further inspiration was drawn soon after when the Rev. 'Teddy' Boston, then curate at Wisbech, arranged for Awdry to ride on the footplate of one of the last surviving steam tram engines on the Tramway. Fascinated by the unusual engines, Awdry sought a way to incorporate them in the stories. Research by Awdry's brother, George, revealed that tramway regulations required the fitting of cowcatchers and sideplates for railway locomotives running on tracks alongside roads, and the story "Thomas in Trouble" (published in 1952, the year steam trams were replaced) evolved to provide a reason for Toby being summoned to Sodor. The story includes a description of Toby's final journeys on the line:

Paragraph 4: Once in America, Reinagle continued to compose short pieces for special occasions, often with titles alluding to American personalities and ideas. Pieces such as his Federal March, President Madison’s March and Mrs. Madison’s Minuet are usually short and in the binary form associated with dance music of the time. Of more interest is the set of four keyboard sonatas. Reinagle composed these when he first arrived in Philadelphia; hence they are sometimes called the "Philadelphia Sonatas". These are the first sonatas composed in the United States. They are substantial works, each in two or three movements. While they show the influence of C. P. E. Bach (one of Reinagle's idols), they demonstrate Reinagle's unique approach to form and motivic development.

Paragraph 5: After the break up, Valentine said that she felt lost and that her identity had become absorbed into being a Go-Go.  Returning to her rock roots, she formed the World's Cutest Killers, a line up she thought would be successful, featuring former Girlschool guitarist Kelly Johnson, her old friend Jesse Sublett on bass, drummer (future A&R man) Craig Aaronson, and keyboardist Jebin Bruni. The group attracted the attention of producer Mike Chapman and recorded demos, which were scrapped, and the band split up. Several other bands and line ups went nowhere, and Valentine returned to school. In 1990, the Go-Go's reunited for concerts and a CD of greatest hits, but split again soon after.

Paragraph 6: The work was commissioned by Princess Edmond de Polignac in October 1916. The Princess had specified that female voices should be used: originally the idea had been that Satie would write incidental music to a performance where the Princess and/or some of her (female) friends would read aloud texts of the ancient Greek philosophers. As Satie, after all, was not so much in favour of melodrama-like settings, that idea was abandoned, and the text would be sung — be it in a more or less reciting way. However, the specification remained that only female voices could be used (for texts of dialogues that were supposed to have taken place between men).

Paragraph 7: The national government and city of Paris continued to partner with NGOs in order to provide trafficking victims with a network of services and shelters during the reporting period. The government provided some indirect funding for victims’ care in 2009; however, it did not report overall funding allocations to NGOs for victims of trafficking. One NGO reported it received 20 percent of its budget from the government in 2009 but had to seek private funding in order to provide temporary housing for trafficking victims. Another NGO reported it worked with pro-bono medical and social service providers in order to assist victims of forced labor. A third NGO working with unaccompanied minors who are at risk of becoming victims of trafficking in France reported that it received 98 percent of its budget from the government in 2009. The government reported police and other authorities identified and referred 799 trafficking victims to NGOs for assistance in 2009; however, it reported that it did not officially collect or track data on the actual number or percentage of these identified victims that it referred for shelter and assistance. The NGO Committee Against Modern Slavery (CCEM) reported 216 cases of forced labor in France in 2008; 120 of these victims were reportedly placed in protective custody. The government increased its partnership with the Romanian government in order to improve the protection, return, and reintegration of Romani people unaccompanied minors. The French government provided witness protection services and issued one-year residency permits, which can be renewed every six months, to victims of trafficking who cooperated with authorities in the investigation and prosecution of traffickers; the government also provided identified victims with assistance and a 30-day reflection period to decide whether to cooperate with law enforcement. A trafficking victim may receive a permanent residency card though only if the defendant is successfully convicted by the government. The government did not report the number of victims that received residence permits or cards in 2009. One NGO continued to express frustration with the fees required for the residency permit and renewal of the permit. NGOs continued to provide monthly stipends to trafficking victims, with some of these stipends provided by the government. The government formally assists trafficking victims seeking return to their countries of origin, though fewer than five percent usually decide to do so. Although the border police reportedly used indicator cards to proactively identify victims, French border police do not have any systematic procedures in place to identify trafficking victims, according to a 2009 report by Human Rights Watch. Some local observers continued to criticize the government's lack of a proactive approach to identifying trafficking victims and reported that some women in prostitution are arrested and fined for solicitation without being screened to determine if they are trafficking victims. To address this deficiency, the government reported it continued to provide mandatory training to all law enforcement personnel to increase their identification and awareness of potential trafficking victims in 2009.

Paragraph 8: The original Victor, launched on 28 February 1957, was coded the F series and saw a production run of more than 390,000 units. The car was of unitary construction and featured a large glass area with heavily curved windscreen and rear window. Following  American styling trends then current, the windscreen pillars (A-pillars) sloped forwards. In fact, the body style was derived directly from the classic ′55 Chevrolet Bel Air, though this is not apparent unless the two cars are viewed side by side. Bench seats were fitted front and rear trimmed in Rayon and "Elastofab", and two-colour interior trim was standard. The Super model had extra chrome trim, notably around the windows; remnants of the signature Vauxhall bonnet flutes ran along the front flanks and the exhaust pipe exited through the rear bumper.  The car was equipped with arm rests on the doors, door-operated courtesy lights, a two-spoke steering wheel, and twin sun visors.

Paragraph 9: In 1984, Maryland defeated the defending national champions, sixth-ranked Miami, in what was then the biggest comeback in college football history and judged by some as the most exciting. At half time, Maryland trailed Miami, 31–0. Back-up quarterback Frank Reich replaced Stan Gelbaugh and proceeded to throw four touchdown passes, and capitalizing on Miami errors, the Terrapins won, 42–40. The recovery from the 31–point halftime deficit stood as the greatest college football comeback for the next 22 years, until the record was finally broken by Michigan State against Northwestern. Reich later repeated the feat in his professional career when he led the Buffalo Bills to overcome a 32-point deficit and set the NFL comeback record. That season, Maryland also defeated 17th-ranked West Virginia in Morgantown and 20th-ranked Clemson at Memorial Stadium in Baltimore to avenge the 1983 loss at Death Valley, and secured the 1984 ACC Championship with a 45–34 victory over arch rival Virginia in Charlottesville. In the postseason, they edged Tennessee, 28–27, in the  and finished 12th in the nation. Maryland entered the 1985 season with a number-one preseason rank, and set its all-time home attendance record in Byrd Stadium with an average of 49,385 over five games. However, they dropped to a ranking of 17th in Week 2, and then out of the polls in Week 4 after a shutout by Michigan. Despite the early setbacks, the Terrapins finished undefeated in six conference games to take the ACC championship for the third consecutive year. Maryland defeated Syracuse, 35–18, in the Cherry Bowl and earned a final ranking of 18th. In 1986, the Terrapins may have posted a mediocre 5–5–1 record, one of the five losses was to the eventual 1986 National Champion Penn State by 2 points in State College due to a failed 2-point conversion that would have tied the game at 17, and the lone game that ended in a tie was against eventual ACC Champion Clemson at Memorial Stadium in Baltimore.

Paragraph 10: The mammoth steppe was dominated in biomass by reindeer, bison, horse, and the woolly mammoth, and was the center for the evolution of the Pleistocene woolly fauna. Megaloceros, saiga antelope and musk ox also lived on the mammoth steppe (the first one not in the northernmost parts). In the Siberian parts were animals like the argali, Snow sheep and the Mongolian gazelle. Not so far before the last glacial maximum (roughly 40.000 years ago), an extinct paleospecies of argali (Ovis argaloides) lived also in Europe. Notable carnivores found across the whole range of the mammoth steppe included Panthera spelaea, the Wolverine, the wolf Canis lupus and the brown bear Ursus arctos. While the cave hyena was part of mammoth steppe faunas in Europe, it did not extend into the core high latitude north Asian range of the biome. Bird remains are rare because of their fragile structure, but there is some evidence for snowy owl, willow ptarmigan, gyrfalcon, common raven and great bustard. Other bird species are white-tailed eagle and golden eagle. Vultures like griffon vulture and cinereous vulture are not known but they were likely common scavengers on the mammoth steppe, following the large herds and scavenging on dead animals. On Wrangel Island, the remains of woolly mammoth, woolly rhinoceros, horse, bison and musk ox have been found. Reindeer and small animal remains do not preserve, but reindeer excrement has been found in sediment. Small animals on the mammoth steppe were, for example, steppe pika, ground squirrels and alpine marmot. In the most arid regions of the mammoth steppe that were to the south of Central Siberia and Mongolia, woolly rhinoceros were common but woolly mammoths were rare. Reindeer live in the far north of Mongolia today and historically their southern boundary passed through Germany and along the steppes of eastern Europe, indicating they once covered much of the mammoth steppe. 

Paragraph 11: Steve Aoki first announced the album during an interview for EDM.com at the end of January 2019. According to him, it marks the continuation of Neon Future II and III that he wrote together. He announced that he was finishing Neon Future IV, which would contain "mega collaborations" and that he would release the following singles of the album one by one, before publishing the opus, which was originally planned to be unveiled in 2019. A few days after, he announced via Twitter that he was working for a song with American rapper Ty Dolla Sign, which will be included in Neon Future IV. The album availability date has been announced several months after the release of Neon Future III in November 2018, and two dates were defined, first in Spring 2019, then in September 2019. In June, during an interview for MusicTech, he confirmed that he was working on it and prevented that many new singles will be dropped in order to complement the upcoming album. During an interview for iHeartRadio about his song "Let It Be Me" released in September, Aoki said, "Neon Future IV is packed with collabs. Every song is gonna be [a] very interesting, diverse collab list of artists from all different kinds of worlds — which is how I love to do Neon Future. It's all about connecting with artists from all different walks of life." In November, he premiered his album during All Nippon Airways Celebration in New York. A few moments before his performance, he said, "It's a bit nerve wracking because I've never played it for anyone. Actually, some of these songs never heard the light of day outside my studio. So this is a big moment, and the moment's coming soon. The Neon Future IV album will be coming out soon, but people in this room tonight will be the first to ever hear what I've been working on for a long time." The DJ also confirmed that it will be released at the end of 2019, and then debuted a mix containing his previous tracks and seven unreleased songs – all of them are collaborations – which should appear in the album tracklist. Liz Kraker of EDM.com noted that they varied in subgenre with dance-pop, future bass, trap and moombahton. After the release of the track "2 in a Million" in December 2019, the album was announced for release in 2020.

Paragraph 12: Even though her mixed heritage made living on either Cardassia or Bajor unrealistic due to the inherent prejudices, she ended up spending time on Bajor attending a university there.  After living there for a short time, Ziyal moved to DS9 where she felt more comfortable and at ease among the station's diverse population, with the bonus of being closer to Major Kira whom she considered a big sister. She was also friends with Elim Garak and Julian Bashir. She briefly evacuated to Bajor after the Cardassian/Dominion troops reclaimed DS9 (Terok Nor) from the Federation but eventually returned to be near her father Gul Dukat and her close friend Kira Nerys. After she came to realize what type of man her father really was, she agreed to help Quark liberate Rom, Kira, Jake and Leeta from prison.  They had been imprisoned for attempting to sabotage the Cardassian/Dominion force's planned disarmament of the Federation minefield around the wormhole, which was preventing the Gamma quadrant's Dominion reinforcements from entering the Alpha Quadrant (Season 6 episode "Sacrifice of Angels"). While her father was attempting to convince her to flee the station and return to Cardassia with him before the Federation troops retook the station, she was killed by Gul Dukat's first officer Damar after he overheard her confession to her father about having helped free the New Resistance members. Dukat underwent an immediate and near catatonic mental breakdown after witnessing his daughter's death right before his eyes.

Paragraph 13: At the intersection of the Guerneville Bridge, the route turns southeast and passes through Forestville. River Road continues eastward as a country road towards Fulton and Santa Rosa. The section of SR 116 connecting Guerneville and Forestville is known as Pocket Canyon Road, named for the canyon it passes through. The four east-west blocks of Forestville through which 116 passes are called Front Street, but the route veers south again towards Graton and Sebastopol. Here it is called Gravenstein Highway North until the intersection with Covert Street in Sebastopol. There it undergoes another name change: Healdsburg Avenue. But it doesn't last long—heading south (right turn), it becomes North Main Street for two blocks where it intersects Bodega Highway SR 12), whereupon it becomes South Main Street. When the one-way street becomes a two-way street again, 116 is known as Gravenstein Highway South all the way to Cotati where it runs concurrently with U.S. Route 101 (US 101) as the Redwood Highway south to Petaluma. In Petaluma, Lakeville Highway takes SR 116 to Stage Gulch Road, which makes a left turn east toward Sonoma, crossing the Sonoma Mountains directly north of Tolay Lake and descending into the Sonoma Valley. In Sonoma, SR 116 runs along Arnold Drive to its terminus at SR 121 near Schellville.

Paragraph 14: On the other hand, philosophy has theology to thank for its unmistakable radiance. Modern philosophers like Kant, Hegel, and Schelling are unthinkable without a theological background, not to mention postmoderns, like Heidegger or Levinas. The necessity to pose philosophical questions and contemplate natural theology became a dominating concern for Christianity and Western philosophy. For Wierciński, hermeneutics thoughtfully pursues a degree of mediation between the two poles of opposed misunderstandings of religion and the secular world. Hermeneutics comes to the aid of a strained relationship like a middleman and becomes ever more conscious of the finitude and historicity of understanding. The divide between theology and philosophy in the Western tradition is simply not a problem that must be overcome. In fact, this divide gave rise to a fruitful legacy that provoked both philosophy and theology to pose hermeneutic questions. On the basis of hermeneutics, Wierciński invites a rejection of Heidegger’s call for a radical separation between philosophy and theology. Such a separation is hermeneutically untenable. Independently of how strictly the disciplines attempt to maintain their distance from one another, the opposing influence cannot be avoided. It is already a historical reality. Hermeneutics calls for new and renewed consideration of the problematic connections of theology and philosophy that needs to happen at different levels. Philosophy and theology are not simply static disciplines that must somehow become methodologically associated, but historical disciplines with their own distinctive intellectual histories. The hermeneutic-critical apparatus, narrative identity in particular, is necessary to reclaim, in a constructive articulation, the tradition of respect and connection between philosophy and theology. The space that is to be established anew between philosophy and theology thanks to the contemplation of the incommensurable is an invitation to hermeneutics. That which happens in the no-man’s land between the two disciplines is hermeneutics and can only be hermeneutics. It is a hermeneutics between the courage to inquire and the humility to listen. Wierciński claims no final judgment regarding the single proper connection of philosophy and theology but attempts rather to show another way, a way that is to negotiate between the two disciplines. The sole possibility of disclosing this way lies in actually practicing hermeneutics. The incommensurability of philosophy and theology yearns for a myriad of interpretations. Philosophy and theology cannot eliminate such an open space for the manifold of interpretations, not even with reference to the distance between the two. Neither can one forbid the other from understanding and interpreting their connection differently.

Paragraph 15: Although the Country Party cooperated with the Liberals in bringing down Scaddan's Labour government, they declined to form a coalition ministry, and they were inconsistent in their support of Wilson's government.  At one point in February 1917, a dispute between the parties prompted Wilson to tender his resignation, but this was refused by the governor.  At the same time, federal party politics was being transformed by the "nationalist movement", a reconstruction of the party system along the lines of the conscription debate.  There was some pressure on Wilson to form a Nationalist Party at the state level, and this pressure increased after Billy Hughes' Nationalist Party easily won the federal election of May 1917.  Later that month, Wilson called a meeting of Liberal, Country Party and National Labor members, and a Nationalist Party was formed.  However, in early June the members of the new party voted to reconstruct the ministry by caucus election.  Realising that the intention was to oust the current ministry, Wilson and three of his ministers walked out of the meeting.  Two weeks later, Henry Lefroy was elected leader of the party, leaving Wilson with no choice but to resign as premier.  He did so on 28 June 1917, and sat as an independent until the general elections of 29 September 1917, in which he lost his seat by a margin of four votes.

Paragraph 16: Amidst the divorce, Jackson began recording her seventh album. MTV News reported Jackson had nearly completed work on the "upbeat, fun and carefree" record, in contrast to the darker tone of her prior release. Producer Jimmy Jam stated, "This record now, even though it may not be the best of times in her personal life, she feels that the future is bright... She's excited about music and about life in general. She's excited about what the next year will hold for her, and that's the tone she's set for herself and [the album]." Jam added, "In the history of Janet, the records that are the happy records, that make people smile, have always traditionally been the more successful records.. going back as far to songs like 'When I Think of You' to 'Doesn't Really Matter.' This continues that tradition, with kind of a nod to the dance music of the '80s." Virgin Records' president Roy Cooper stated, "The new album is very bright, it's very upbeat and dynamic. She wanted to make an album that was rhythmically strong as well as melodically strong. She also wanted as explosive and strong a start as possible, and this certainly qualifies." Explaining its concept, Jackson said:

Paragraph 17: "Oberland", in this context, is a Hungarian-Jewish historiographic term, unrelated to the territory of Upper Hungary (Oberungarn, sometimes Oberland). Its origin lies in the immigration pattern of Jews into the country during the 18th century. Those arriving from Austria and Moravia settled in the adjacent counties of the northwest, mainly from Trencsén to Sopron, and gradually spread further; however, a large swath in the center of northern Hungary, between Szepes and Hajdú, remained closed for Jewish settlement until all residential limits were lifted in 1840. Thus, a demarcation line separated the Austrian and Moravian Jews from the Galician Jews, who emigrated to the northeastern territories. Those west of it were known as "Oberlander" (highlanders), and the Galicians were "Unterlander Jews" (lowlanders). In rabbinic sources written in Hebrew, it was translated as the Upper and Lower Provinces (Galil E'lion, Galil Takhton). The designation was coined by the former. After 1840, the geographical boundary dividing Oberland and Unterland was the linguistic one between Western Yiddish and Middle ("Polish") Yiddish: It stretched from the Tatra Mountains, between Poprád (present-day Poprad) and Liptószentmiklós (present-day Liptovský Mikuláš), Nagyszabos (present-day Slavošovce) and Rozsnyó (present-day Rožňava), continuing just north of Debrecen and south of Miskolc, until reaching the Hungarian border in Kolozsvár (present-day Cluj-Napoca). While sometimes applied to all western Jews, like those in Budapest and beyond, it came to denote the Orthodox ones who resided in contemporary Slovakia, west of the boundary detailed above, and in contemporary Burgenland. Their ancestors arrived in two waves: The first, comprising Austrians, came after the expulsion of the Jews from Vienna in 1670. They were welcomed by Paul I, Prince Esterházy, who allowed them to settle in Burgenland and to form the Seven Communities on his lands. Another, much larger, wave entered Hungary in the wake of an Imperial decree from 1727, which limited the number of Jews allowed to marry in Moravia to 5,106. It remained in effect until 1848.

Paragraph 18: Billy Dukes of Taste of Country gave the album four stars out of five, saying that it was true that Changed is the most country project they've released in 10 years, and there are some new approaches on tracks like "Sunrise" and "Let It Hurt", on which he notes, "The second verse of this dark, brooding ballad is brilliant, and LeVox goes somewhere deep to bring it to life." Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave it four stars out of five, saying, "Changed represents the continuation of a new chapter for the trio in their career and while the songs on the album don't represent the "change" some critics and some fans may have hoped for, what they have done is provide their loyal set of fans and other country fans a strong, consistent album of radio-ready material and something that can compete with the bands chompin' at their feet to take their place as the #1 band in country music."" Jessica Nicholson of Country Weekly gave the release three-and-a-half stars out of five, saying that "the album lacks some of the energy and freshness of 2010's Nothing Like This, but introspective tunes such as "A Little Home," "Sunrise" and "Come Wake Me Up" add even more depth to the trio's sound." AllMusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave the album three out of five stars, saying the album "errs on the side of caution" and "toned down the brightness" from their prior release, but praised the consistency of the songs and the "cool assured adult contemporary pulse of "Hot in Here."" Michael McCall of the Associated Press gave the album a positive review, saying that they sound wiser and more grounded, balancing grown-up, light country-rockers with ballads grounded in real life and the album proves they have moved forward in the most important of ways — with their music. Grace Duffy of the Under The Gun Review gave the album seven out of ten stars, saying that the album is an open and natural addition to Rascal Flatts’ repertoire. Meena Iyer of Musicperk gave the album eight-and-a-half out of ten stars, saying "the album is a mixture of soulful music which can melt your heart and few fun upbeat tracks to make you dance." Brian Mansfield of USA Today gave the album three out of five stars, saying "the trio has streamlined its mix of pop and country in Changed." Jon Caramanica of The New York Times gave the album a positive review, saying "on this album has largely taken to heart." Robert Silva of About.com gave the album three out of five stars, saying "the new record puts the trio in more rootsy territory than their previous effort, Nothing Like This." Sarah Gibson of ukCOUNTRYmusic.NET gave the album nine out of ten stars, saying "this album reflects the style we know and love from the group and not a "changed" style as the title suggests, and the album is reflective of their true country roots."

Paragraph 19: Critic Rajeev Masand rated the film 2/5, writing, "Ki & Ka arrives with a curious premise, but Balki fails to flesh it out into an engaging film. I was especially pleased to see Kareena Kapoor sink her teeth into a solid role after what seems like an eternity. Arjun Kapoor deserves credit for taking a role that few male stars would, but both actors are let down by the inert writing." Anupama Chopra also rated it 2/5. She reasoned that "One of the enduring problems with Balki's films persists – his crackling concept runs out of steam. It's almost as if he spends so much of his creative energy coming up with the high-wire idea that he has none left to flesh out the narrative around it." Bollywood Hungama gave the film 3 stars out of 5, and stated, "On the whole, Ki & Ka is a cleverly crafted feel-good film that packs all the emotions. Though it has strong performances by both Arjun and Kareena, the film is bound to draw extreme reactions from the orthodox audiences who may find the premise difficult to digest. It is an urban progressive film and should appeal more to women and young married couples." Shubhra Gupta of The Indian Express gave the film 2 stars and termed it as "rocky" while commenting that "The film is fun when it is setting up the roles. But the execution, as it goes along, gets rocky. Much of it stays episodic, and starts reinforcing the very stereotypes it set out to negate. The problem is the film's unwillingness to go the mile. She also noted that it could have been more "sharper" and "deeper". Rohit Vats from Hindustan Times gave the film a rating of 2.5 and noted that film has a lot of drama and summarized, "There is no denying that Ki & Ka has a noble concept, but hasn't the director very conveniently confined himself to a comfort zone where he only needs to break some generalised stereotypes such as ‘women can't be ambitious’ or ‘men can't cook at home’ or ‘a woman's career is finished after pregnancy’? Ki & Ka isn't a strong voice against gender stereotyping, but it's one of its kind in mainstream Hindi film industry, and that makes it notice-worthy." Meena Iyer of The Times of India gave the film 4 stars and stated, "Kareena is terrific, Arjun, endearing. But Balki's writing is inconsistent. A few scenes leave you misty-eyed, but for the most part, the stock situations are banal. Yet, Ki and Ka is worth a ticket because it tells shows how there is nothing wrong with the man wearing the apron and the women wearing her ambition."

Paragraph 20: The story is about Eliza Wharton, the daughter of a clergyman. At the beginning of the novel she has just been released from an unwanted marriage by the death of her betrothed, the Rev. Haly, also a clergyman, whom Eliza nursed during his final days in her own home. After this experience, she decides she wants friendship and independence. After a short period of time living with friends, she is courted by two men. One, Boyer, is a respected but rather boring clergyman, whom all of her friends and her mother recommend she accept in marriage. The other, Sanford, is an aristocratic libertine, who has no intention to marry but determines not to let another man have Eliza. Because of her indecision and her apparent preference for the libertine Sanford, Boyer eventually gives up on her, deciding that she will not make a suitable wife. Sanford also disappears from her life and marries another woman, Nancy, for her fortune. Eliza eventually decides that she really loved Boyer and wants him back. Unfortunately for Eliza, Boyer has already decided to marry Maria Selby, a relation of Boyer's friend. Sanford later reappears married, but is able to seduce the depressed Eliza. They have a hidden affair for some time until, overcome by guilt and unwilling to face her family and friends, Eliza arranges to escape from her home. Like the real-life Elizabeth Whitman, she dies due to childbirth complications and is buried by strangers. Mrs. Wharton (Eliza's mother) and all of Eliza's friends are deeply saddened by her death. Sanford, too, is devastated by her death. In a letter to his friend, Charles Deighton, he expresses his regret at his wretched behavior.

Paragraph 21:  SV-81-Athe U.S. military's only career SERE Specialist Course is offered by the 66th TRS at the Air Force Survival School at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington and other regional locations. After a grueling selection process, successful students relocate to Fairchild, where they experience what they will teach by completing the SV-80-A course. Then they undertake a series of challenging field training exercises over a 5 month period to develop broad first-hand knowledge and experience in different terrains, weather, and situations (and differing gear). Those who graduate (less than 10%) are awarded the Sage Beret (with insignia pin), SERE Arch and SERE Flashonly to enter another 45 weeks of intensive on-the-job training. At some point, graduates must complete Airborne School. After completion of 3–4 years as a "field instructor," specialists may be tasked to train students worldwide. USAF SERE specialists are encouraged to complete an associate degree in survival and rescue sciences through the USAF Community College to continue to advance in the SERE career field. (SERE Specialists complete additional qualification training at specialized schools as required. Examples are Scuba Courses, Military Freefall Parachuting, Altitude chamber, etc. Assignment to each of the outlying schools requires additional training by the SERE Specialist. Upon reporting to the new assignment, each SERE specialist must first complete that school's course (the same as an aircrew member), and then be trained by the school's cadre in the specialized subject matter (and carry crews under supervision) before the newly assigned specialist is "qualified" to teach without supervision. At Edwards AFB, USAF SERE specialists are tasked as "test parachutists" and required to perform multiple jumps on newly introduced / modified rescue systems, aircraft, and parachuting and / or ejection systems. This includes test parachuting newly designed canopies, harnesses, etc. Currently, they are the only test parachutists in the Department of Defense. USAF SERE specialists are considered DOD-wide subject matter experts in their field and are assigned to base level and command staff as advisers).

Paragraph 22: It was founded in 1894 with a bequest by Henry James Campbell, who made his fortune in the linen trade, and left money to found a school based on the values of a Liberal Protestant education. Initially the school was primarily a boarding school but it has, particularly since the 1970s, become primarily a day school; in 2009 it had 879 pupils, only about 85 (10%) of whom were boarders. As a selective independent school, it admits pupils based on academic selection. Until 2006 pupils began at the school at age 11, but since the closure of the school's separate preparatory school, Cabin Hill, the school has accepted pupils from age 4 into the newly built Junior School, and both boys and girls into the school's kindergarten located on the school's grounds. The Latin motto of the school is Ne Obliviscaris ("Do Not Forget").

Paragraph 23: Following his tenure in ROH, Mack returned to JAPW on September 10, 2005 with a win over Bandito, Jr. Upon finishing up 2005 and entering 2006, Mack competed in several singles matches and started a feud with Trent Acid, as well as forming a tag team called the Heavy Hitters with new partner Havoc. On July 29, 2006, Mack won a battle royal to earn a title match against then-Heavyweight Champion Rhino. However, Mack was unsuccessful in winning the title belt after he was pinned by Rhino following a Gore through a wooden door. On September 15, Mack was granted a rematch against Rhino for the title, but he once again lost. In 2007, Mack took the summer off to rest and recuperate a knee injury before returning to the ring on July 21, 2007 with a victory alongside Havoc after they beat Wes Draven and Pinkie Sanchez. The Heavy Hitters then began a winning streak throughout the end of 2007 and into 2008, defeating several teams such as The Christopher Street Connection and The Gemini Twins en route to becoming contenders for the Tag Team Championship. On May 31, 2008, the Heavy Hitters were unable to win the title from then-champions The Latin American Xchange. The Hitters rebounded with a victory on August 16 over The Nigerian Nightmares and again faced LAX for the title one month later, but were again unable to win. After their second title match loss, the Hitters again defeated The Nigerian Nightmares before going undefeated once again throughout the rest of 2008 and into early 2009. On June 27, the Hitters lost a four-way match to The Garden State Gods (Corvis Fear and Myke Quest), also involving the Voodoo Kin Mafia and DNA (Sonjay Dutt and Azrieal), for the Tag Team Title. On January 23, 2010, the Heavy Hitters defeated The H8 Club (Nick Gage and Nate Hatred) and the Tag Team Champions The Hillbilly Wrecking Crew (Necro Butcher and Brodie Lee) to win the Tag Team Title. As a result of the win, Mack tied the record with Homicide for the most reigns as Tag Team Champion. Mack and Havok lost the titles on October 23, 2010, to Sami Callihan and Chris Dickinson in a three-way match, which also included Axl Rotten and Balls Mahoney. On December 10 Mack and Dan Maff won the titles from Callihan and Dickinson, marking the start of Mack's record breaking seventh JAPW Tag Team Championship reign. The two would, however, lose the titles to Necro Butcher and Nick Gage the next day.

Paragraph 24: The fourth and final season, 2008–09, started with the Roadrunners facing off against their rivals the Victoria Salmon Kings, with the three game series going two-of-three to the Runners. October ended with the team going 3-2-1 giving the team seven of a possible twelve points on the month. November ended with the team going 5-8-1, giving them 11 of a possible 28 points, bringing the team to fourth in their division. In December the team rallied around the outstanding goaltending of Craig Kowalski and won two consecutive contests at home against the team's rival Las Vegas Wranglers. The two game performance by Kowalski earned him the ECHL Goalie of the Week award, becoming the first Roadrunners Goalie since Cody Rudkowsky in 2006 to win the award. The team also saw Mike Fornataro and Michael Wilson go to the ECHL All-Star Game in January. The team finished the month going 4-6-0 and gave the team eight of a possible 20 points, and staying at fourth in their division. The team finished January with a 5-6-0 record, winning 10 of a possible 22 points. However, a series near the end of the season against the Alaska Aces did not go well, as they were outscored 18-5 throughout the series, and were swept, dashing the Roadrunners' playoff hopes.

Paragraph 25: In American administrative law, ALJs are Article I judges under the U.S. Constitution. As such, they do not exercise full judicial power, essentially, the power over life, liberty, and property. Article I (legislative) judges and courts are not constrained to rendering opinions for only a "case or controversy" before them and may render advisory opinions on a purely prospective basis, such as, e.g., Congressional reference cases assigned to the Court of Federal Claims. Agency ALJs do not have the power to offer such advisory opinions, as it would be in violation of the power afforded them under the Administrative Procedures Act, 5 U.S.C. §557. Unlike the agency, ALJs are not policy or rule makers.

Paragraph 26: The nearly level interior of Mendeleev contains a number of smaller crater formations which have been given names. These form a rough pentagon formation that covers much of the interior floor. Along the western inner floor, the craters Bergman to the west-northwest and Moissan to the west just make contact with the western inner wall of Mendeleev. Together with Bergman, Fischer to the north-northeast and Richards in the north of Mendeleev form the northern side of the pentagon. The figure continues with Harden near Schuster, and Benedict just to the southeast of the midpoint of Mendeleev. The largest crater within the Mendeleev basin is Mendeleev P, to the south-southwest.

Paragraph 27: Another of the one-off projects funded by the Esmée Fairbairn Foundation was the re-design of the Touring Exhibitions Group's website. Keeping a numerous and dispersed membership informed about the policies and activities of the committee that was working on its behalf is a challenge for any organisation. For one with limited resources, communication was difficult because of the cost of producing and mailing regular newsletters. There is the opportunity at Annual General Meetings for members to question and challenge the outgoing committee on its achievements and failures, but an AGM is retrospective, only once a year and attended by a small proportion of the membership. A more continuous, two-way interaction between the Committee and the membership is now possible, thanks to the explosive development of the internet, which has had a profound impact on the way that TEG functions. As late as 1997, the exchange of drafts by email was thought worthy of mention in that year's annual report, not just for its speed and economy but also because the drafts were tested in a wider consultation with those members who had e-mail addresses (by no means a universal condition in 1997). Ten years later, monthly e-newsletters, simple and inexpensive to produce and distribute, provided a regular channel of information to the membership. TEG's first website went on-line in 1999. It was written on a shoestring, with help in kind from Panelock. Like all first websites, it was tentative and experimental, testing what such a site should provide and how it might be done, with new features added as and when the need was recognised. By 2003, this structure (with its superstructure of add-ons) was creaking at the seams, so a radical overhaul and redesign by the website designers, Red Leader Industries, became one of the stand-alone projects funded by EFF. This second website gives members easy access to news and resources. At the most formal level, minutes from committee meetings are posted on the website so that members are able to follow the work of the Committee and - if they feel moved to - provide comment and influence policy. At a different level, the website includes a database which allows members to use different criteria (subject, period, size, etc.) to search for exhibitions available for hire. In the event, this database proved to be so effective – simple to use and with immediate results - that it made the publication ‘X’ wholly redundant, and it has now been replaced by a twice-yearly magazine, Exchange, explicitly a marketing aid for TEG events.

Paragraph 28: In the Anti-Federalist papers, the authors wrote about their concern about giving more power to the Federal Government. "Centinel feared not only a standing army but the abuse of local militias by the national government."(Paul Finkelman, Complete Anti-Federalist, scholarship.law.cornell.edu). When it came to the militias, one author writing under the pseudonym "Centinel" felt that the militias were just another tool the general government had to use however they pleased. Other authors, such as Maryland's Luther Martin, similarly questioned federal control over the state militias. Martin feared that congressional authority over the militias meant that "the only defence and protection which the state can have for the security of their rights against arbitrary encroachments of the general government, is taken entirely out of the power of their respective States, and placed under the power of Congress."(Paul Finkelman, Complete Anti-Federalist, scholarship.law.cornell.edu). Martin went on to show his concerns about the power the federal government would have by saying the states are left basically useless and could easily become "slaves" to the national government. Despite having militias in each state, the federal government still had power over the militias. Alexander Hamilton understood the opposition to the Federalist views on Militias. The extensive control by the federal government was worrisome to those who opposed this essay. "...What reason could there be to infer, that force was intended to be the sole instrument of authority, merely because there is a power to make use of it when necessary?"(James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist, books.google.com). He mentions the possibility of forming corps with young soldiers who are willing for their country. "... The attention of the government ought particularly to be directed to the formation of a select corps of moderate extent, upon such principles as will really fit them for service in case of need"(James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist, books.google.com). Hamilton wrote that the militia would be composed of soldiers who would not just protect and serve their country but ensure that it does not become corrupt. He also mentioned in his essay that some people see this idea as unrealistic. "There is something so far-fetched and so extravagant in the idea of danger to liberty from the militia, that one is at a loss whether to treat it with gravity or with raillery ...  Where, in the name of common-sense, are our fears to end if we may not trust our sons, our brothers, our neighbors, our fellow citizens?"(James Madison, John Jay, The Federalist, books.google.com). Hamilton argues to critics who doubt that the militia would be trusted that they forget militia is made up of the people the average citizen would know and trust.

Paragraph 29: In 2006 plans were announced for the renovation of the college as new administrative headquarters for the Council to replace the ageing St. Nicholas House across the street. The University leased the Marischal College site to Aberdeen City Council for 175 years in exchange for £4.7 million. Work began in 2009 and the newly refurbished Marischal College was opened in summer 2011. The derelict internal spaces were completely demolished and replaced with a new internal structure which matched exactly to the existing walls and windows.  The renovations restored the granite exterior, ornamentation and detailing to their original glory, and provided new public space for citizens accessing council services and state-of-the-art offices for council workers. The Council Chamber and democratic processes continue to be located at the Town House next door. The university retained the north wing comprising the Mitchell Hall, debating chamber and associated rooms, although as of May 2012 these are not yet open for use. In Spring 2011, the city erected outside Marischal College a statue of King Robert the Bruce on horseback, holding up a charter. Outside the College there is a large modern fountain, known as the "dancing fountain" for its alternating patterns. The fountain was briefly shut in 2019 due to high levels of bromine, but has since been turned back on.

Paragraph 30: On 29 April, COMUSMACV General William  Westmoreland ordered the 1st Brigade commanded by Brigadier General Salve H. Matheson to immediately join Task Force Oregon in I Corps. In early May the brigade put ashore at Razorback Beach in southern Quảng Ngai, established a base named Carentan, and prepared for action against the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN)/Viet Cong (VC)'s inland base areas-numbered 122, 123 and 124 which ran from north to south through the mountainous jungle overlooking the Ve and Tra Cau River Valleys. On 11 May, the 1st Brigade moved into the interior looking for the 1st and 2nd Regiments, both of which were thought to lurk there. Two of the three battalions conducted air assaults into the western part of Base Area 124, a tangle of tree-clad low hills overlooking the coastal plain. Resistance was light. The next morning Matheson committed his remaining battalion to a blocking position on high ground in the eastern part of the base area and ordered the other two battalions to sweep toward it. Encountering little opposition in the days that followed, Matheson decentralized his operations and conducted a more rigorous search. Matheson allowed each battalion commander to work his operational area as he saw fit, insisting only that companies operate within a two-hour march of each other. Most units kept constantly on the move and traveled with three to five days' worth of supplies, so the PAVN/VC would be less likely to pinpoint their location by observing resupply helicopters. Companies split into platoons for wider coverage of a search area, but remained close enough to reassemble quickly if they ran into a sizable force. These tactics often paid off. On 13 May, near the Tra Cau's headwaters, 12 separate firefights occurred, the largest against an entrenched VC company. By nightfall, the Americans had killed 29 VC at a cost of 1 American killed and 7 wounded, but the outcome was not always so one-sided. On 18 May Company B, 2nd Battalion, 502nd Infantry Regiment, moved well inside a large VC camp before realizing that the occupants had not yet fled. Confusion reigned during the firefight, and the Americans realized they were too close to their enemy to call in artillery or helicopter gunships. For six hours they fought, sometimes hand to hand, until reinforcements arrived and the VC pulled back. Left on the battlefield were 31 VC dead, while American casualties were 12 killed and 41 wounded. Matheson's men completed their scouring of Base Area 124 in early June, reporting that they had killed or captured over 400 VC, seized 125 weapons, and razed several base camps.