Paragraph 1: This is possibly the most distilled – though fanciful – version of the legend explaining the siting and naming of Digboi. Two events separated by seven years have become fused, but although neither is likely to be provable, such evidence that does exist appears sufficiently detailed to be credible. Various web sites offer variations on the elephant's foot story, a consensus of which would be that engineers extending the Dibru-Sadiya railway line to Ledo for the Assam Railways and Trading Company (AR&TC) in 1882 were using elephants for haulage and noticed that the mud on one pachyderm's feet smelled of oil. Retracing the trail of footprints, they found oil seeping to the surface. One of the engineers, the Englishman (not Canadian) Willie Leova Lake, was an 'oil enthusiast' and persuaded the company to drill a well. Oil India Ltd's web site contains no history of the Assam Oil Company's origins but an earlier incarnation claimed that the "decision to drill was taken by the Directors of the AR&T Co. in 1888 under the direction of Mr. W L Lake, an employee of the company and an oil enthusiast". Once the project had been approved, Lake assembled equipment, boilers, and local labour, and engaged elephants to haul the machinery to the site. The first well was started in September 1889, but an encouraging first strike at  turned out to be a small pocket, and drilling recommenced. This continued until November 1890 when the well was completed at a total depth of , and it was during this extended period of drilling that Assam Oil Company's magazine adverts placed the legend of Lake exhorting one or more of his labourers to "Dig, boy!"

Paragraph 2: Vince Lombardi led the Green Bay Packers as both head coach and general manager during the 1960s, where his efforts led the team to three straight and five total National Football League championships in seven years, in addition to winning the first two Super Bowls following the 1966 and 1967 NFL seasons. Lombardi is considered by many to be one of the best and most successful coaches in Professional Football history. In 1960, even though color barrier still existed in the NFL, as the Redskins at that time still refused to play black players, Jack Vainisi, the Scouting Director for the Packers, and Lombardi were determined "to ignore the prejudices then prevalent in most NFL front offices in their search for the most talented players." Lombardi explained his views by saying that he "... viewed his players as neither black nor white, but Packer green". Among professional football head coaches, Lombardi's view on discrimination was not de rigueur in the midst of the civil rights movement.  An interracial relationship between one of the Packer rookies and a young woman was brought to the attention of Lombardi by Packer veterans in his first training camp in Green Bay. The next day at training camp, Lombardi, who had a zero tolerance policy towards racism, responded by warning his team that if any player exhibited prejudice, in any manner, then that player would be thrown off the team. Lombardi, who was vehemently opposed to Jim Crow discrimination, let it be known to all Green Bay establishments that if they did not accommodate his black players equally as well as his white players, then that business would be off-limits to the entire team. Before the start of the 1960 regular season, he instituted a policy that the Packers would only lodge in places that accepted all his players. In the all-white Oneida Golf and Riding Country club in Green Bay, of which Lombardi was a member, Lombardi demanded that he should be allowed to choose a Native American caddie, even if white caddies were available. Lombardi's view on racial matters was a result of his religious faith and the prejudice he had experienced as an Italian-American.  While Lombardi was known to treat his players roughly in practices and during games, he insisted on unconditional respect for gay players and front office staff. Demanding "Nothing But Acceptance" from players and coaches toward all people, Lombardi would fire a coach or release a player should they insult the sexual orientation of anyone. In Washington, Lombardi's assistant general manager, David Slatterly, was gay, as was PR director Joe Blair, who was described as Lombardi's "right-hand man." According to son Vince Lombardi, Jr., "He saw everyone as equals, and I think having a gay brother (Hal) was a big factor in his approach ... I think my father would've felt, 'I hope I've created an atmosphere in the locker room where this would not be an issue at all. And if you do have an issue, the problem will be yours because my locker room will tolerate nothing but acceptance.'"  Upon his arrival in Washington, Lombardi was aware of tight end Jerry Smith's sexual orientation. "Lombardi protected and loved Jerry", said former teammate Dave Kopay. Lombardi brought Smith into his office and told him that his sexual orientation would never be an issue as long as he was coaching the Redskins; Smith would be judged solely on his on-the-field performance and contribution to the team's success. Under Lombardi's leadership Smith flourished, becoming an integral part of Lombardi's offense, and was voted a First Team All-Pro for the first time in his career, which was also Lombardi's only season as Redskin head coach.  Lombardi invited other gay players to training camp, and would privately hope they would prove they could earn a spot on the team. At the Washington Redskins training camp in 1969, Ray McDonald was a gay player, with sub-par skills, who was trying to make the Redskin roster again,  but this time with Lombardi as the Redskins' new head coach. True to his word, Lombardi told running back coach, George Dickson, 'I want you to get on McDonald and work on him and work on him – and if I hear one of you people make reference to his manhood, you'll be out of here before your ass hits the ground.'. The National Football League's Super Bowl trophy is named in Lombardi's honor after he unexpectedly died in 1970 of cancer. He was enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1971.

Paragraph 3: Low Coniscliffe is a village in the civil parish of Low Coniscliffe and Merrybent, in County Durham, England. The population of the civil parish taken at the 2011 Census was 716.  It is situated  west of Darlington. Its present built-up area is confined in practice between the A1, the A67 and the Tees, but its old boundaries probably extend much further. Its most obvious landmark on the A67 is the Baydale Beck Inn. The village contains a couple of listed buildings and the probable site of a medieval manor house. There was once a gallows in the village. A rare fungus Rhodotus palmatus was found nearby.

Paragraph 4: Pesticides in the San Joaquin Valley come with many different chemicals. These chemicals include DDT and organophosphates such as TEPP syntox, EPN, parthion, metam sodium, and methomyl. These chemicals can leak into the human body through direct contact by way of the skin including through the contact of plants that have contracted pesticide residues, overspraying of farm fields, inhaling pesticide residue in the air during pesticide drifts, and eating foods contaminated with pesticide residue. There are both chronic and acute effects from pesticide exposure that have been known to occur in the San Joaquin Valley. Observed chronic causes include birth defects, miscarriages, sterility, neurological effects, and child developmental impairments. Observed acute causes have been rashes in the eyes and on the skin. One study also showed ziriam containing pesticides were correlated with an increased risk of Parkinson's disease. Fish that make up food supply for many people were also found to be killed with certain mixes of OPs being more toxic than others when pesticide contaminated waters of the San Joaquin Delta were tested in a lab with titans. In specific incidences, dizziness and nausea were symptoms showing in a 1988 case in the southern valley town of Delano where 2 of the 54 farmworkers who fell ill went unconscious after a field was sprayed with methomyl. Pesticides were also a suspected cause in a cancer cluster affecting 13 children in the town of McFarland due to inhalation of chemicals between 1975 and 1988. Pesticide regulation has been difficult due to the power of companies that make money off pesticide use and fears of their prosecution or losing their support. When pesticide regulations were passed back in the 1970s, the United States federal government set laws setting tolerance levels on pesticide known to cause cancer sprayed on foods, but the EPA still authorized chemical testing that was not complete. After the McFarland cancer reports came in Governor George Deukmjian vetoed a bill requiring warning signs for pesticides in yards and farms in support of pesticide sprayers. In 1999, the town of Earlimart was hit with a pesticide drift from metam sodium drifting into fields. The sprayers were fined $150,000, but use of the dangerous chemical did not stop. There has also historically been racial prejudice in assessing pesticide concerns in the San Joaquin Valley. Many of the farmworkers who came to work in California fields were immigrants or braceros coming from Mexico and Latin America. Pesticide exposure was originally studied to be complex in which certain actions like wearing tons of protective gear would defend people against pesticide poisoning. Many of these bracero workers were directly sprayed and had little knowledge of the kinds of pesticides they were being exposed to. In addition, doctors would take up cases related to their pesticide concerns and diagnose it as heat stroke instead. This led people to believe the idea that immigrant workers’ own habits were contributing to them falling ill all of the time and not necessarily from the pesticide. Pesticide exposure in the San Joaquin Valley has continued to disproportionately affect low income farm families of color who make less than $10,000/year in income. Response to the issue has largely gotten attention by way of lawsuits such as one where since 2013, a San Joaquin County helicopter company called Alpine Helicopter Service repeatedly sprayed near a children's sports facility, and violations of the state's health and safety code were violated. Nonprofit organizations such as the Central Valley Air Coalition have also consulted with state and local agencies such as the Fresno County Farm Bureau on protects for residents against pesticide use, such as establishing buffer zones and finding alternatives to pesticides to protect crops.

Paragraph 5: Victor Frank, and his wife Marsha, are unable to have a second child due to Marsha's infertility. They turn to surrogacy as an alternate method of conception. Victor, an obstetrician-gynaecologist and owner of the biochemical company Chimera Inc., injects the egg implanted in his wife with an agent called Nerve Growth Factor (NGF) into chromosome six, which causes the baby to grow more neurons than usual, as a result making them super intelligent. Their son, VJ (Victor Junior), is born a genius. He is able to talk in six months and read in thirteen. Victor wonders if his experiment was a mistake.

Paragraph 6: Rolie Polie Olie is a computer-animated children's television series produced by Nelvana and created by William Joyce. The show focuses on a little robot who is composed of several spheres and other three-dimensional geometric shapes. The show was one of the earliest series that was fully animated in CGI. Rolie Polie Olie was broadcast from October 4, 1998, to April 28, 2004 and later reran on Disney Junior from March 23, 2012, until September 28, 2014. The series was followed by two straight-to-video films based on the series (The Great Defender of Fun and The Baby Bot Chase), in 2002 and 2003 respectively.

Paragraph 7: Desperate, the mother and grandmother decide to have the young girl disguise herself as a boy so that she can get a job. To persuade the girl to accept the plan, the grandmother tells her an Afghan fable about a boy who became a girl when he went under a rainbow. The girl reluctantly agrees, despite being afraid that the Taliban will kill her if they discover her masquerade. They cut her hair, and the girl plants a lock of it in a flowerpot. The only other people who know of the ruse are the milk vendor, who gives her a job because he was a friend of her deceased father, and a local boy named Espandi who sees through her disguise. It is Espandi who renames the girl Osama.

Paragraph 8: Imaginary Friends Live, Gabrels' sixth album, came out on Bandcamp on October 1, 2017, and remains a download-only release. It was recorded on a single night during a live performance in December 2015 at The Family Wash/Garage Coffee's relocated premises on Main Street in East Nashville, Tennessee. The live album was cited as one of 13 "Top Records of 2017" by Michael Ross in Guitar Moderne. It was also picked for the "Best Music of 2017" by the editors of Premier Guitar. PG senior editor Ted Drozdowski's description: "Reeves Gabrels, Imaginary Friends Live: In which Gabrels rewrites the rock guitar bible in 11 live performances packed with so much invention it's head spinning. I was at Nashville's Family Wash the night this set was recorded, but it wasn't until I heard it here that my mind was entirely blown by the former Bowie/current Cure axe-destroyer's execution. Every song is packed with 'holy fuck' qualities: epic tones, killer riffs, brilliantly tossed-off fills and digressions, and solos that soothe, stun, and drip with lysergic intelligence. Raw and impeccable at the same time. If you dig rock guitar that straddles the trad and the rad with absolute authority, this is an essential album. No bullshit!"

Paragraph 9: Emmerdale aired a special flashback episode on 22 October 2015 which revealed Ashley's whereabouts four weeks earlier. It was revealed he was at a doctor's appointment where he was told he is showing early signs of dementia. After the airing of the episode, it was announced Middleton had left his role after twenty years of playing Ashley. Middleton has reportedly chosen to leave on "a high" after being handed the "best storyline of his career", comparing it to a footballer's career in the sense they leave after a good season. Middleton revealed that he had spoken with show boss, Kate Oates, earlier this year about his exit. He also mentioned that his contract does not end until the end of 2016, meaning his exit would air in early 2017. Speaking of his decision to leave, Middleton said it was and wasn't hard to leave the soap, "It's another roll of the dice. I'm very, very excited about that and I couldn't ask for a better storyline to leave the show on, I really couldn't." Middleton continued to mention how he has thought about leaving every year as well as recalling the meeting he had with Oates prior to choosing to leave: "She basically pitched the idea to me. She asked me, 'Are you happy to do this story? You probably want to think about it. I said immediately 'No I don't need time, I recognise this for what it is.'" Oates spoke of Middleton's exit, "I think this is going to be a really challenging story for us to tell. John and I have been talking about it for many, many months. We have heaped more agony on Ashley, but it's because John is an awesome actor and will do the storyline amazing justice." On 14 March 2017, it was confirmed that Middleton had recently filmed Ashley's departure scenes.

Paragraph 10: Hayes grew up in Minnesota, and his first time playing music was learning the trombone and playing in symphonic band in school. When Hayes was 14 or 15 years old he got into trouble for drug use and was grounded for over a year. During that time he began figuring out how to play his mother's classical guitar out of boredom. She taught him some flamenco and finger picking songs, which was influential for Hayes, as was the music of Jimi Hendrix and Pink Floyd. One of Hayes' first electric guitars was a Peavey copy of a Hendrix-Style Fender Stratocaster. However Hayes early life was also influenced heavily by the country and folk guitar of Johnny Cash and Marty Robbins. He had a family friend who they called "Uncle" who would play for him old country tunes. Hayes would experiment with effects using a digital multi-effects unit, a Digitech RP1, utilizing the headphone jack to play for hours to himself. At a certain point Hayes gave up on "playing fast" like Hendrix and adopted open-tunings in order to play rhythm and lead at the same time, probably also from alternate-tuning blues and folk influence. Peter Hayes moved from the Midwest to Lafayette, California, a suburb in the East Bay Area, where he attended Acalanes High School and met future bandmate Robert Levon Been, whose father was in the rock band The Call. They had noticed each other when Been saw Hayes bringing his guitar to school. They bonded over songwriting. Hayes had begun playing cover songs playing at open mics, colleges, and bars playing spaced-out versions of old country and folk. His friends wouldn't show, but Been would. Hayes would eventually befriend Robert's father Michael Been. Through him he learned about guitar and music. Been had a spare ES335 lying around as well as lexicon rack reverbs that Hayes used in his early days. Later "out of the blue", really through Robert's father,  Hayes had a tryout with The Brian Jonestown Massacre. Peter is the father of two girls, age 10 and 16.

Paragraph 11: In 1902 Gardiner moved to Berlin, to help gather material for Adolf Erman's projected Egyptian dictionary, serving as a sub-editor from 1906 to 1908. From 1906 to 1912, he was the Laycock Fellow of Egyptology at Worcester College, Oxford. From 1909 he spent two seasons assisting Arthur Weigall in surveying private tombs in the Thebes area. From 1912 to 1914, he was Reader in Egyptology at the University of Manchester. He otherwise avoided formal academic posts and followed his own academic interests, family wealth enabling him to be financially independent. He was an honorary fellow of The Queen’s College, Oxford, his alma mater from 1935 until his death.

Paragraph 12: The earliest of Blagrave's works, The Mathematical Jewel, is his most famous. Describing, in detail, an advanced universal astrolabe of Blagrave's design - incorporating the designs of earlier astrolabists. The 'jewel' consisted of four movable parts - Mater, Rete, Label, and Rule - which were lavishly illustrated in the book's frontispiece and engraved plates. The 'jewel's' uses were described in the third book as being used for anything from trigonometry, to navigation, to astrology; in Blagrave's words from the 'jewel' one could draw "so infinite a number of conclusions, more than I thinke I shall ever have time to write". The astrolabe contains some significant similarities to the universal astrolabe of Andalusian astrolabist Ali ibn Khalaf and David A. King has suggested that Blagrave copied his design for the 'Jewel' from ibn Khalaf.

Paragraph 13: Chandavarkar's most important recent work is his introduction (2004) to One Hundred Years, One Hundred Voices: The Millworkers of Girangaon, Neera Adarkar and Meena Menon’s wonderful oral history of the Girangaon neighbourhood in Mumbai. This long essay proved to be far more than an ordinary introduction; it was an original work of research and a sweeping history of the working class in the city from the 1880s to the 1980s that may long remain the standard work on the subject. The essay focused primarily on the transformations of working class allegiances over time, from the height of trade union and Communist activity to the Samyukta Maharashtra and Shiv Sena movements to the Great Strike of 1982. Drawing upon the accounts provided by Adarkar and Menon, it offered a multifaceted explanation for these developments that addressed the rich popular culture of Girangaon, the role of capitalists, the appeals and strategies of different political parties and leaderships, and the workers' own actions and interests.  The essay also highlighted the increasing political impotence of workers after 1982.   It is probably the work that best reflects the evolution of Chandavarkar's scholarship in recent years.  However, several other publications were still in process at the time of his death, including a Modern Asian Studies special issue on labour history he was editing (in which he will have an individual contribution on the decline of jobbers in Mumbai) and a long essay on colonialism and democracy. In recent years, he had become increasingly interested in the larger history of Mumbai. Less than twenty-four hours before his death, he gave a brilliant paper on the city from the seventeenth century to the present in the conference at Dartmouth. Other writing, unfortunately, was probably not so far along, and we fear that much of Chandavarkar's voluminous research in many different areas may now go unpublished.

Paragraph 14: Despite this, the song has been used in many promotional tools and featured in several films and television series. In 2002, the song was featured in the comedy-drama film Igby Goes Down, and later appeared on the film's soundtrack album, released on 25 February 2003 by Spun Records. Also in 2003, the song was also featured on Coldplay's live album Live 2003. In 2004, it was on the romantic comedy film Garden State; director Zach Braff handpicked songs, including "Don't Panic", for the film's Grammy Award-winning compilation album, Garden State: Music From The Motion Picture. The song was also featured on the debut episode of the FX television series Rescue Me as well as the pilot episode of the short-lived show Odyssey 5. Additionally, the song was featured in episode nine of the first series on the British TV series Sugar Rush in 2005. On 19 July 2011, the song was played as a wake-up call to STS-135 Space Shuttle Atlantis Pilot Doug Hurley as a tribute from his wife and family, marking the last ever wake-up call for a crew visiting the International Space Station from the Space Shuttle fleet. It was also referenced in the 2016 movie The 5th Wave as a lullaby to the main character's little brother. In February 2016, a cover of the song by Clairity was used in the trailer for the 2016 film X-Men: Apocalypse, as well as the film's TV spot for the Super Bowl 50. This same cover was used in the seventh season finale of The CW series The Vampire Diaries ("Gods and Monsters").

Paragraph 15:  Styles became curvier for Fall of 1978, with shoulder pads, tighter skirts, and narrower waistlines. The silhouette that resulted was an inverted triangle. This change did not arise from women's demands, nor from what women on the street were wearing, the way miniskirts, jeans, pants, hippie clothing, office blazers, and more comfortable undergarments had in the 1960s and earlier '70s. Though decades later it would be claimed that the big shoulders of this period were part of an attempt by women to assert a "power" look as they worked their way up career ladders, big-shoulder looks did not come about because women were wanting to look more powerful for the boardroom; women already had appropriate but comfortable blazers for that. Big-shoulder looks didn't come from women on the street at all. The hugely shoulder-padded look came solely from designers, who united in showing the look in Fall 1978, a few presenting shoulders literally three feet wide, and there was strong resistance. Since the clothes were less comfortable and more restrictive than the clothes of the '70s and resembled too much the man-focused styles of the 1940s and '50s, this shoulder-padded look was initially a hard sell to the public, but some designers, notably Perry Ellis, Norma Kamali, Calvin Klein, and Giorgio Armani, made it more appealing by keeping it comfortably wearable and just adding reasonably-proportioned shoulder pads to slightly slimmed-down versions of the easy clothes women had been wearing during the decade, and this approach was positively received by the general public. So many designers continued to present really huge shoulders into the eighties, however, that women were left with little option but to conform to it, which they did, so much so that big shoulder pads became ubiquitous and characteristic of the 1980s, seen on everyone from political leaders to actors in TV shows like Dynasty to your coworkers and family. At the end of the seventies, though, in 1978 and '79, much of the public still considered it strange, though they had gotten the message that it was to be the new look.

Paragraph 16: Chepstow Castle is situated on a narrow ridge between the limestone river cliff and a valley, known locally as the Dell, on its landward side. Its full extent is best appreciated from the opposite bank of the River Wye.  The castle has four baileys, added in turn through its history. Despite this, it is not a defensively strong castle, having neither a strong keep nor a concentric layout. The multiple baileys instead show its construction history, which is generally considered in four major phases. The first serious architectural study of Chepstow began in 1904 and the canonical description was long considered to be by Perks in 1955. Recent studies have revised the details of these phases, but still maintain the same broad structure.

Paragraph 17: Pinehurst No. 2, the most famous course at Pinehurst Resort, was first opened in 1907 and designed by Donald Ross. Pinehurst is considered to be Ross' best work and he continued to perfect it until his death in 1948. The course is famous for its exceptionally difficult green complexes which were a signature of Ross designs and many of the greens are crowned causing shots that are short to roll off the green, leaving a difficult chip shot. Johnny Miller once famously compared trying to land a shot on a Pinehurst green as "like trying to hit a ball on top of a VW Beetle. Pinehurst, like many Sandhills courses, was without long rough for much of its early history but in 1974 a redesign by RT Jones led to the installation of thick bermuda rough throughout the course, which lasted until a restoration in 2010 by Bill Coore and Ben Crenshaw, who removed all of the rough and reshaped the fairways and bunkers to restore the course to its original Ross design. In lieu of rough, golfers now find hardpan sand and native scrub bordering the fairways. The course since its inception has been host to many significant tournaments including 4 men's majors (1936 PGA Championship, and 1999, 2005, 2014 U.S. Opens). Additional U.S. Opens are scheduled in 2024, 2029, 2035, 2041, and 2047 under a partnership with the USGA announced in September of 2020 naming Pinehurst as the USGA's first "anchor site". It also hosted the 1951 Ryder Cup and the 2014 U.S. Women's Open played the week after the men's. Not only has the course hosted numerous professional events, but it has also hosted the U.S. Amateur three times (1962, 2008, and 2019). The course is currently grassed with Tifway Bermuda tees and fairways and Champion Ultradwarf greens. For its 2019-2020 course rankings, Golf Digest ranked No. 2 as the 29th best golf course in the United States and the 6th best public course in the country. Golf Magazine for its 2020-2021 rankings named No. 2 as the 11th best course in the country and the best in North Carolina.

Paragraph 18: Jason is disheartened when he finds out that Hoyt wants to forget his time in Bon Temps and particularly wants to forget his first love Jessica, and Jason. Jessica glamours Hoyt, who then leaves town to go to Alaska. Jason stops him in the police cruiser to try and prevent him from leaving Bon Temps, but he knows that Hoyt is happier this way and reluctantly lets him go. Jason and Sookie dig closer to the truth in regards to their parents' murderer, and they learn that there is a war coming between the vampires and the fairies. Jason meets Jessica, who has been commanded by a psychopathic Bill to turn Jason into a vampire. Jason shoots both guards dead before he is turned, and learns from Jessica that Russel Eddington is on the loose. He then goes to warn Sookie at the Faerie Night Club. Jason, Sookie, and the faeries develop a plan to take down Russell by Jason acting as bait to lure Russell and Steve to the night club to attack the vampires when they're distracted by the scent of their blood. The next night, Russell and Steve show up and glamour Jason into giving away the location of the fairy nightclub. When the three of them arrive, Russell and Newlin cannot find the entrance - the Fairy Elder appears and stops Steve. However, she is unable to stop Russell and accidentally hits Jason with a ball of light which throws Jason into a tree where he gets a nasty concussion. Russell then drains the Elder Faerie and is able to see the entrance to the nightclub because of her blood. Although the fairies combine forces to attempt to stop Russell, it doesn't affect him. Eric suddenly appears and stakes Russell when he's caught off guard, killing him once and for all. Jason wakes up from being knocked out and begins having hallucinations of his parents, who begin to feed on his growing anger towards vampires. When Eric, Tara, and Nora request his and Sookie's help to stop the Authority and rescue Bill, Jason agrees to come along to protect Sookie and because he believes a war is about to erupt between vampires and humans. When they infiltrate the Authority, Jason kills many of the Authority guards while Sookie and Tara rescue Pam and Jessica while Eric and Nora disable the security system. Once Jessica and Pam are rescued, they take the elevator out while Sookie and Eric confront Bill. Jessica admits feelings for Jason but he rebuffs her, saying he cannot love a vampire. In an extended scene, after Jason exits the elevator and kills another Authority guard, he announces he's coming for Warlow next. Nora, shocked at this, asks Jason what he knows about Warlow, revealing that she's also familiar with him.

Paragraph 19: In 2016/17 the university began using its coat of arms as its sole corporate logo, emphasising its brand heritage. This involved retiring its most recent modern logo, which had been designed in partnership with the London-based creative agency Fabrik in 2006. (The graphical package produced with Fabrik also included a typeface and general layout and colour-scheme principles for university publications that continued to be used after 2016/17.) The 2006 logo included a red rectangle with the university's name written in white, accompanied by a white Star of Bethlehem in the upper-right corner (this being appropriate to the Star of Bethlehem being a Star in the East: the upper part of the rectangle signifying the sky and east being on the right-hand side of the map). The logo also included the legend EST. 1844 in the bottom-right, a feature which survived after 2016 (sometimes rendered Est. 1844) in the university's variant presentations of its coat of arms in letterheads and other graphical uses. For the 175th anniversary of that year in 2019 the university also presented its coat of arms alongside the legend "175 YEARS OF ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE". In this legend "175" was rendered in gold to reflect the university's TEF Gold rating for Teaching Excellence achieved two years earlier.

Paragraph 20: The Walla Walla Sweets went 28-26 in the 2014 season. They missed the playoffs by 2 games to the Yakima Valley Pippins. One of the most memorable nights in that season was a cool summer's night, the game was going in Kitsap's favor with a score of 2-1 in the top of the 4th inning, a runner on 2nd, Copper Hummel catching, and 2 outs, the pitch was delivered and the runner went. Hummel went to throw the ball but the backswing of the batter hit Hummel making him throw the ball all the way in to the mid-right outfield, the runner rounded 3rd and scored, the ruling should have been batter interference, the batter making the 3rd out and ending the inning but, the umpire never called batter interference, this in-turn caused a major uproar in the crowd and players. Head Coach J.C. Biagi went to go talk to the umpire but then retreated to the dugout but, before Biagi could get back Pitching Coach Mark Michaud yelled from the dugout "GET THE CALL RIGHT UMP'!" The argument with Michaud lasted about 5 minutes before Michaud was ejected and, left the field of play. Later in the game, Mikey Duarte was up to bat and turned to have the upcoming pitch hit his back instead of his side and he did get hit by the pitch. Now, in baseball if you get hit by the pitch you are awarded a walk to first base but, in some High School and Collegiate leagues, if the batter made no attempt to get out of the way of the pitch they are not awarded their base, the WCL is not one of these leagues. The umpire told Duarte to get back to the plate and finish his at-bat because he never got out of the pitch's way. Biagi got out of the dugout to complain to the umpire, except this Biagi got ejected and took 7 minutes to leave the field of play. One of the spectators claim from the crowd was "FORGET THE UMPIRES CODE AND MAKE THE RIGHT CALL!" The Umpires Code is a code between umpires where the other umpires will back up the umpire who made the call no matter how bad it was. Biagi and Michaud's appeal did not go their way and both were suspended for 4 games. After a five year run that included winning the Eastern division twice and one appearance in the WCL Championships, as well as impacting the community in so many ways through camps, business connections and leadership programs for children manager J.C. Biagi and pitching coach Mark Michaud stepped down. Biagi went to pursue other interests, while Michaud still lives in Walla Walla and is a full-time teacher in Milton Freewater where he also coaches boys basketball at McCloughlin High School. During the off-season, the Sweets hired Frank Mutz, former MLB pitcher, as the new head coach for 2015. The sweets averaged 1,188 fans a night drawing in 36,823 fans in 31 regular season games.

Paragraph 21: Muhammad III, or Sidi Muhammad bin Abdallah, came to power in 1757 and ruled until his death in 1790. Prior to his reign, Morocco had experienced 30 years of internecine battles, instability and turmoil. Sidi Muhammad transformed politics, the economy and society by prioritizing development of international trade and restoring power to the sultanate, which improved Morocco's standing internationally. Central to his pursuit of international trade was the negotiation of agreements with foreign commercial powers. He began seeking one with the United States before the war with Great Britain had ended in 1783, and he welcomed Thomas Barclay's arrival to negotiate in 1786. The treaty signed by Barclay and the sultan and then by Jefferson and Adams was ratified by the Confederation Congress in July 1787. It was reaffirmed by the sultan in 1803, when the USS Constitution, Nautilus, New York, and Adams engaged in gunboat diplomacy as part of the First Barbary War. At the time, independent corsairs and pirates were using Morocco's ports as safe harbors between raids on American and European shipping. The treaty has withstood transatlantic stresses and strains for more than 234 years, which makes it the longest unbroken treaty relationship in United States history.

Paragraph 22: environment. End of Ages offers players three navigation modes to explore. The first, "Classic mode", uses the same controls used in Myst and Riven; Ages are divided into locations of interest, or nodes, and the player's view is fixed at every node. Players advance to other nodes by clicking on portions of the screen. The "Classic Plus" mode uses the control scheme of Myst III: Exile and Myst IV: Revelation; movement is still node-based but players can rotate their view 360 degrees in any direction. The final navigation mode, known as "Free Look" or "Advanced" mode, allows players to navigate and observe the Ages freely like Uru: Ages Beyond Myst. The WASD keyboard keys are used for walking forward, backward, and sideways, while the mouse changes the player's point of view.

Paragraph 23: Another important variant was the Yak-7/M-105PA. On this model, the two ShKAS on the cowling had been replaced by two  UBS machine guns with 400 rounds (260 for the left and 160 for the right). It was powered by an M-105PA engine with an axial ShVAK cannon with 120 rounds. Oil and glycol radiators had been widened and refined and slightly tilted downward. The insulation of the airframe was improved, the tail wheel was totally retractable; joints and skin were more carefully made; the panels on the engine cowling fitted better; the propeller reduction gear worked better; an electro-pneumatic reloading system was installed; the canopy frame was reinforced. The Yak-7B made 27 tests flights in January and February 1942. The reports noted that while the aircraft "was not inferior to the LaGG-3 and MiG-3 and to foreign fighters in service in the USSR", it was more stable and had better flight characteristics. Subsequently, the GKO authorised production at Factory N° 153 in place of the Yak-7A, from April 1942 and 261 machines were built until July. After 20 May, the aircraft were equipped with a  tank behind the pilot's seat, but the pilots that used the Yak-7 on Stalingrad and on the Kuban removed it as it was not protected and affected the flight characteristics. Generally, the Yak-7B pleased its pilots. They reported that it was easy to fly at all altitudes, stable and easy to maintain and although it did not climb as quickly as a Messerschmitt Bf 109, it was as manoeuvrable and fast, except in the vertical plane. But defects were also noted: there was too much drag from the radiators, the canopy glass was of bad quality; the pilot was not protected enough, taking-off and landing distances were too long and, above all, it was underpowered.

Paragraph 24: Kirov is the lead ship of the  of nuclear-powered guided missile cruisers. Originally built for the Soviet Navy and passed onto the succeeding Russian Navy, she and her three sister ships are the largest and heaviest surface combatant warships (i.e. not an aircraft carrier or amphibious assault ship) built by them. The Soviet classification of the ship-type is "heavy nuclear-powered guided missile cruiser" (), nonetheless Kirovs size and weapons complement have earned her the unofficial designation of a battlecruiser throughout much of the world, as her size and displacement is similar to a typical World War I battleship. The appearance of the Kirov class was a significant factor in the U.S. Navy recommissioning the . She was named after a Project 26 cruiser (named after Sergey Kirov, a Bolshevik hero).

Paragraph 25: In a 2012 profile of Silvers, The New York Times noted: "His greatest pleasure ... is simply good writing, which he talks about as others talk about fine wine or good food. Speaking about writers he likes, he sometimes flushes with enthusiasm. 'I admire great writers, people with marvelous and beautiful minds, and always hope they will do something special and revealing for us.'" Philip Marino, in The University of Chicago Magazine, commented: "Like a chemist pairing ingredients to induce a specific reaction, Silvers has built his career matching the right author and subject, in hopes of generating an exciting and illuminating result. ... 'he puts a writer together with material that even the writer might not have thought was appropriate,' says Daniel Mendelsohn". Glen Weldon, writing for NPR, concurred: "He encouraged writers to craft each review as a vigorous intellectual argument, and delighted in pairing reviewers with books that challenged their personal or political worldview." Professor Peter Brown wrote: "Reviewing for Bob Silvers was like playing in the sprinkling rain of a mighty fountain ... to be doused in the sheer, bubbling delight of Bob’s own unquenchable enthusiasm and alert, discerning curiosity. It widened the heart". In The Nation, Harvard professor Stanley Hoffmann observed that, in publishing some of the earliest criticisms of the Vietnam and Iraq wars, Silvers realized what other commentators missed: "In both instances, Bob Silvers was, in effect, whether deliberately or not, compensating for the weaknesses of the more established media. ... It was important that a journal which has the authority of the Review in a sense took up the slack and presented viewpoints which were extremely hard to get into the established media." The Nation added, during the Iraq war:One suspects [the editors of the Review] yearn for the day when they can return to their normal publishing routine – that gentlemanly pastiche of philosophy, art, classical music, photography, German and Russian history, East European politics, literary fiction – unencumbered by political duties of a confrontational or oppositional nature. That day has not yet arrived. If and when it does, let it be said that the editors met the challenges of the post-9/11 era in a way that most other leading American publications did not, and that The New York Review of Books ... was there when we needed it most.

Paragraph 26: Graham's elder brother Mark (Michael Culver) inherits the bulk of their uncle's estate, including his country mansion and his money. The younger man attempts to benefit from this by negotiating a business deal with him, but – after Graham has, on the strength of the deal, resigned from his job – Mark reneges on it, and Graham feels desperate. That night, he angrily stabs a group photograph that features Mark, and then pushes the knife into Charlie Boy. The next day, Mark dies after being impaled in a horseriding accident. Following this, Graham's film director friend Phil likewise is accidentally killed on the set of a TV commercial, when an arrow from a crossbow hits him. Graham and Sarah also learn of Scarface's death in the newspapers, and now realise that all of the people in the group photo that Graham stabbed are being killed one after the other, by a voodoo spell Graham inadvertently cast using Charlie Boy – and that the next victim will be Gwen (Frances Cuka), Uncle Jack's housekeeper, who was also in the photo. Graham is unable to remove the knife he stabbed into the fetish. He tries to contact Gwen but, after the recent deaths that have occurred at the estate, Gwen is deeply shaken. Depressed, she decides to take her own life and slashes her wrists.

Paragraph 27: In August 2013, Hodges's single with Carrie Underwood entitled "See You Again" went to No. 1 at country radio. The song was certified platinum and is part of her multi-platinum album Blown Away. He also wrote Colbie Caillat's "When The Darkness Comes" for Sony Screen Gem's film The Mortal Instruments. In October 2014, David also helped in writing the song "Faith" with musician and author Lacey Sturm for her album Life Screams. In 2015, he co-wrote "The Girl You Think I Am" with Carrie Underwood. The song was released on her new album Storyteller which was the No. 2 album in the US the same week the 5 Seconds of Summer album was released, which took the No. 1 spot. Hodges co-wrote and produced a song on 5 Seconds of Summer's second album. The song, "Jet Black Heart", was released in August 2015, in anticipation for the album Sounds Good Feels Good street date in October, and it quickly became a single. Hodges has since released songs with and co-wrote music for Keith Urban, Gavin DeGraw, Christina Aguilera, Tim McGraw, Phillip Phillips, Blake Shelton, Dan + Shay, Hey Violet, Tonight Alive, Steven Tyler, Molly Kate Kestner, Hunter Hayes, Josh Groban, Weezer, and more.

Paragraph 28: Concerns regarding blue LEDs are related to the difference between the photopic luminous flux and radiometric radiance. Photometry is concerned with the study of human perception of visible light, while radiometry is concerned with the measurement of energy. At the outer edges of the range of light perception, the amount of energy as light required to register as a perception increases. The perception of the brightness of different frequencies of light is defined according to the CIE luminosity function V(λ). The peak efficiency of light perception is defined at 555  nm, having a value of V(λ)=1. Blue LEDs, particularly those used in white LEDs, operate at around 450  nm, where V(λ)=0.038. This means that blue light at 450 nm requires more than 26 times the radiometric energy for one to perceive the same luminous flux as green light at 555 nm. For comparison, UV-A at 380  nm (V(λ)=0.000 039) requires 25 641 times the amount of radiometric energy to be perceived at the same intensity as green, three orders of magnitude greater than blue LEDs. Studies often compare animal trials using identical luminous flux rather than radiance meaning comparative levels of perceived light at different frequencies rather than total emitted energy. As interest in LED backlighting has increased, so has the technology developed. Studies often select low-quality generic LEDs from little-known brands with a high proportion of blue light, especially selecting low CRI LEDs which are not suitable for either lighting or backlight technologies. LCD screens and LED lighting generally use much higher CRI LEDs as consumers demand accurate color reproduction. White LEDs are designed to emulate natural sunlight as closely as is economically and technologically possible. Natural sunlight has a relatively high spectral density of blue light making exposure to relatively high levels of blue light not a new or unique phenomenon despite the relatively recent emergence of LED display technologies.

Paragraph 29: SH 47 was originally planned on August 21, 1923, along a previous section of SH 1A and SH 1C from near the intersection of the Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana state borders, northwest through Atlanta, then northeast through Texarkana to the Arkansas border north of Texarkana. On June 24, 1931, the highway was rerouted west from Atlanta to Daingerfield, replacing SH 48, while the old route southeast of Atlanta became part of SH 77 On April 19, 1938, SH 47 Bypass was designated from SH 47 to SH 1. SH 47 Bypass extended north to SH 5 on October 24, 1938. On September 26, 1939, this classification was canceled when the route was transferred to SH 11. SH 47 Bypass became Loop 14.

Paragraph 30: Arthur Ruppin was born in Rawicz in the German Empire (today in Poland).  The family moved to Magdeburg when he was 11, and there followed a period of slow decline in the family's prosperity. A fifteen, his family's poverty forced him to leave school, where he was regarded as an extremely gifted pupil, in order to work to support them. Though he disliked commerce, he proved to be an extremely able merchant in the grain trade. Nonetheless, he was able to complete his studies in law and economics, and came second place in a prize competition established by the Krupp Steelworks concerning the uses of Social Darwinism in industry. While at the university, Ruppin accepted the crude racial views of his age, including the idea that Jews were an inferior race, whose liabilities as a group could only be overcome by assimilation, outbreeding with Germans and Slavs. By the early 1900s, however, he began to think of himself as a Jew and take a more positive view: Jews could be regenerated not by outbreeding with Slavs and Germans, but rather by reconstituting themselves as a separate nation, as Zionism proposed. As he confided to his diary at this time, Zionism or complete assimilation: tertium non datur.