Paragraph 1: Latvian cuisine is typical of the Baltic region and, in general, of northern countries. The food is high in butter and fat while staying low in spices except for black pepper, dill or grains/seeds, such as caraway seeds. Latvian cuisine originated from the peasant culture and is strongly based on crops that grow in Latvia's maritime, temperate climate. Rye or wheat, oats, peas, beets, cabbage, pork products, and potatoes are the staples. Latvian cuisine offers plenty of varieties of bread and dairy products, which are an important part of the cuisine. Meat features in most main meal dishes, but fish also is commonly consumed, especially in the coastal areas next to Baltic Sea. Both are also smoked.

Paragraph 2: Two branches on the line north of New Brunswick were built, one to Carteret and one towards Perth Amboy, both merging towards the north. The Carteret branch used shuttle operations, with a transfer at the junction with the mainline, but Perth Amboy trains ran all the way to Newark. On the Perth Amboy end, they used existing trackage from the end of private right-of-way along Woodbridge Avenue, East Avenue, Broad Street, private right-of-way south, west across West Avenue, and south along the east side of the CNJ line to the Woodbridge Creek bridge, then south on West Avenue and State Street, ending at Smith Street.

Paragraph 3: Elvis Presley was an American entertainer who achieved great initial success as a singer and stage performer. He publicly expressed an early career goal of following in the footsteps of his role models James Dean and Marlon Brando to become a top dramatic actor. His manager Colonel Tom Parker's persistent lobbying of William Morris Agency president Abe Lastfogel for a Presley screen test paid off on March 26, 1956, when the singer auditioned at Paramount for a supporting role in The Rainmaker. Although not chosen for the part, he signed a contract with Paramount producer Hal Wallis on April 25 that also allowed him to make films with other studios.

Paragraph 4: Tosh becomes pregnant through the insemination and they announce this at Stan's birthday party, although she loses the baby soon after. Depressed at this, Tosh accepts Tina's nephew Dean Wicks' (Matt Di Angelo) offer of being a sperm donor, without Tina's knowledge or consent. Tina is angry when she finds out, but forgives Tosh and supports her when she discovers she is not pregnant again. They fall out when Tosh accuses her of not wanting a baby, and Tosh punches her after taunting her. Tina again forgives her and decides to try and reconcile Tosh with her family by arranging a lunch for them. Her mother Judy (Jo Martin) comes, but her father makes an excuse, uncomfortable with Tosh's sexuality due to his Christian faith. Judy storms out when Tina tells her about their attempts to have a baby, upsetting Tosh further. Tina is devastated when Stan reveals that he is dying from prostate cancer, and is even more upset when she learns that Stan knew about his illness 3 years prior to him telling the family. She and Tosh urge Stan to see a private doctor, however he reveals that Stan's cancer is too aggressive to be cured, which leaves Tina distraught. Tina supports Sonia when she falls ill, and she confides in her that she spent the money from the charity calendar she organised on a gastric band in Bulgaria, to impress her husband Martin (James Bye). Tosh returns home while Sonia is hiding in Tina's room, but she manages to sneak out before Tosh realizes. When Martin fails to turn up to the Christmas party for Sonia's group "Fat Blasters", Sonia decides to announce her actions but Tina urges her not to; however, before she can, she collapses. When the paramedics arrive, Tina reveals Sonia has had an operation to fit a gastric band, which shocks Carol and Martin. Babe leads Tosh to believe that Tina is having an affair with Sonia and when Tina denies this, Tosh viciously beats her. The next day, Tina decides that she cannot forgive Tosh for what she has done and thinks it best to move back to the Vic, while Tosh leaves Walford when Tina breaks up with her. Mick stops Tina assisting Stan's requested suicide. Tina is devastated by Stan's death and delivers the eulogy. Tina and Sonia become partners, splitting up briefly when Tina finds out Sonia cheated with her estranged husband Martin. They reconcile when Sonia helps Linda after she goes into premature labour.

Paragraph 5: The 2011 prize was judged by Rick Gekoski (Chair), Carmen Callil (withdrew in protest over choice of winner) and Justin Cartwright. The nominees for the fourth Man Booker International Prize were announced on 30 March 2011 at a ceremony in Sydney, Australia. John le Carré asked to be removed from consideration, saying he was "flattered", but that he does not compete for literary prizes. However, judge Dr Rick Gekoski said although he was disappointed that le Carré wanted to withdraw, his name would remain on the list. American novelist Roth was announced as the winner on 18 May 2011 at the Sydney Writers' Festival. Of his win, Roth said "This is a great honour and I'm delighted to receive it." The writer said he hoped the prize would bring him to the attention of readers around the world who are not currently familiar with his body of work. Roth received his award in London on 28 June; however, he was unable to attend in person due to ill health, so he sent a short video instead. After Roth was announced as the winner, Carmen Callil withdrew from the judging panel, saying "I don't rate him as a writer at all... in 20 years' time will anyone read him?" Callil later wrote an editorial in The Guardian explaining her position and why she chose to leave the panel.

Paragraph 6: The 1940 season can arguably be called the greatest year in the history of Boston College football. BC's undefeated (11–0) and untied team, captured the 1941 Sugar Bowl championship and earned the nickname "Team of Destiny". Five members of that storied team have been inducted into the National Football Foundation's College Football Hall of Fame: receiver Gene Goodreault (50); guard George Kerr (47); center Chet Gladchuk (45); fullback Mike Holovak (12); and halfback / quarterback Charlie O'Rourke (13). It included a 19–18 victory over No. 9 Georgetown before 41,700 fans at sold-out Fenway Park, that was called one of the greatest games ever by famed sportswriter Grantland Rice. Going into the game, the Hoyas had 22 consecutive victories spanning three seasons. BC trailed until the third quarter, when a 43-yard touchdown pass from Charlie O'Rourke to Monk Maznicki put the Eagles ahead. With just seconds remaining, BC had the ball on their own nine, fourth down and 18 to go. Georgetown set up to return the Eagles' punt. Instead of punting, O'Rourke scrambled in his own end zone for 45 seconds then took a safety. BC used the free kick to boot the ball far downfield and dashed the Hoyas' three-season unbeaten record. Legendary Coach Frank Leahy, who would go on to cement his legendary status during an eleven-year stint as head coach at Notre Dame, took his undefeated Eagles on to the Sugar Bowl in New Orleans where they beat No. 4 Tennessee 19–13. Trailing 7–13 in the fourth quarter, Tennessee's Bob Foxx missed a short field goal attempt with three minutes remaining, and Boston College took over on its own 20–yard line. Quarterback Charlie O'Rourke led the Eagles on an eighty-yard drive, capped with his 24-yard touchdown run to seal the victory. A banner on campus commemorating the team uses the phrase "national champions", but Boston College was not awarded a national championship by any of the national polls at the time of the 1940 season. Although BC's claim to a title is not recognized by the NCAA or college football historians in general, one website, the College Football Data Warehouse, claims that selectors named Cliff Morgan and Ray Bryne rated BC No. 1 in 1940. This web site states that BC's historic 1940 run resulted in a split championship with the University of Minnesota, but it's not clear whether the selectors awarded BC a title at the time of the 1940 season, or if they did so retroactively. The NCAA lists only Minnesota (who finished No. 1 the final AP Poll) as the national champion in 1940, and does not credit Boston College with any national championships in football. 

Paragraph 7: Filippo Brunelleschi proposed avoiding the problem of building an independent wooden scaffolding sufficiently strong to support the dome during construction, which may not have been possible, by using lower levels of the dome itself to support construction of higher levels. To demonstrate the idea, he built a dome without scaffolding over the Ridolfi chapel in the Church of San Jacopo sopr'Arno. Brunelleschi's plan to use suspended scaffolding for the workers won out over alternatives such as building a provisional stone support column in the center of the crossing or filling the space with earth, and he and Lorenzo Ghiberti were made joint leaders of the project to build the dome for Florence Cathedral in 1420. The octagonal brick domical vault was built between 1420 and 1436, with Ghiberti resigning in 1433. Brunelleschi's dome, designed in 1418, follows the height and form mandated in 1367. The dome can be described as a cloister vault, with the eight ribs at the angles concentrating weight on the supporting piers. The dome is 42 meters wide and made of two shells. A stairway winds between them. Eight white stone external ribs mark the edges of the eight sides, next to the red tile roofing, and extend from the base of the dome to the base of the cupola. Each of the eight sides of the dome also conceal a pair of intermediate stone ribs that are connected to the main ribs by means of a series of masonry rings. A temporary wooden tension ring still exists near the bottom of the dome. Three horizontal chains of sandstone blocks notched together and reinforced with lead-coated iron cramps also extend the entire circumference of the dome: one at the base (where radial struts from this chain protrude to the exterior), one a third of the way up the dome, and one two thirds of the way up the dome. Although generally preferred in Italy at the time, no visible internal ties were used. Only four major cracks have been observed on the inner dome, compared to about fourteen each on the domes of the Pantheon and St. Peter's Basilica. The design of the dome is very different from that of the Pantheon and it is unclear what the influences were, but it does share some similarities with earlier and smaller brick domes in Persia. The use of a herringbone pattern in the brick allowed for short horizontal sections of the layers of the dome to be completed as self-supporting units. Over 32 meters in height, it remains the largest masonry dome ever built.

Paragraph 8: A sequel to Celia, lo que dice (1929), the story narrates Celia's adventures following her father's decision to give in to her mother's wishes of sending their daughter to a convent school for girls.  At the school, Celia has many difficulties adapting to the strict rules of the nuns and is often reprimanded by Madre Loreto, whom Celia describes as "very strict and scolds much".  During her first days there, Celia is convinced that her father is not at all happy with the change and that he greatly misses his little girl, thus Celia tries to get herself expelled from the school by trying to make the nuns believe she has a sleepwalking problem.  Celia is unsuccessful, but she soon learns that though her father misses her, he is willing to allow her to stay at the school, which is good for Celia, who actually enjoys her new home.  Celia is the favorite among many of her classmates, but she does have many quarrels with a few other girls who find her behaviour disruptive and inappropriate.  Madre Isolina, an English nun Celia describes as "very intelligent and understanding" is Celia's favorite nun at the school because she sometimes helps her out of mischief.  Celia tries desperately to be good, she even wishes to become a saint.  The priest, Don Restituto, tries to guide Celia, but when the girl starts creating more trouble than usual in her attempt to become a saint, or at least a martyr, he gives up on her and forbids her from being either.  Following the end of the term, the other girls leave the convent, but Celia is left there with the nuns since her parents have left the country hoping to find a better job elsewhere and earn money to stabilize themselves economically.  Doña Benita, the old lady that had looked after the girl for some time before, comes to the school and takes Celia with her for some time.  During those days, Celia and the old woman visit a circus, and from there Celia imagines all sorts of tales following her imaginary escape with the gypsies (tales she narrates in Celia, novelista).  In the summer, an elderly woman, Doña Remedios, who is soon mocked and renamed Doña Merlucines by Celia and some of the nuns and workers at the school, arrives and she and Celia become fast enemies.  Doña Remedios, who is very kind to Celia at first, is soon irritated by the girl's wild ways and wishes she had more discipline.  After many quarrels between the two, Celia gets her revenge by filling the sleeping Doña Remedios' bed with cockroaches.  Another schooling term begins and Celia's popularity with the other girl students begins to largely decrease.  One day, an angry Tío Rodrigo, Celia's uncle, arrives at the school and demands to be allowed to take his niece away with him to her parents who currently reside in Paris.

Paragraph 9: Mount Olympus in the U.S. state of Utah is one of the most prominent and recognizable mountains viewable from practically every location in the Salt Lake Valley. Mount Olympus is not the tallest peak along the Wasatch Front, but its unusual form and location make it a popular hiking destination for locals. The mountain is situated immediately east of the center of the Salt Lake Valley (due east from Murray and Taylorsville). Distinctive features of the mountain are its twin peaks and other outcroppings, the highest of which is called "Summit Peak" and which towers above the valley to an elevation of . Thus, the peak looms about  above the valley floor.

Paragraph 10: In 1916, Selig sued George Fabyan on the grounds that profits from forthcoming films of Shakespeare's works, along with a film on "The Life of Shakespeare", would be damaged by Fabyan's assertion that Francis Bacon was the real author of Shakespeare's work, a popular claim at the time. He had already obtained an injunction stopping the publication of a book by Fabyan on the subject, in which Fabyan promoted the discovery of ciphers in Shakespeare's plays, identified in his private laboratory Fabyan Villa. Selig was hoping to capitalize on the celebrations organized for the upcoming 300th anniversary of Shakespeare's death, scheduled for April 1916. A Cook County Circuit Court judge, Richard Tuthill, found against Shakespeare. He determined that the ciphers identified by Fabyan's analyst Elizabeth Wells Gallup were authentic and that Francis Bacon was therefore the author of the works. Damages of $5,000 were awarded to Fabyan for the interference with the publication of the book. In the ensuing uproar, Tuthill rescinded his decision, and another judge, Judge Frederick A. Smith, dismissed the ruling. It was later suggested by the press that the case was concocted by both parties for publicity, since Selig and Fabyan were known to be old friends. An official of the Selig Company was quoted as saying, about the initial loss of the case, "Isn't that sad.  That will be about nine million columns of publicity, won't it?"

Paragraph 11: In 2001 Mocedades came back, recruited Luis Hornedo and Iratxe Martinez, and started performing live concerts in Spain and Latin America with some success, while they promoted themselves on the Internet. They recorded several Beatles covers which were never released. 2005 proved to be an annus horribilis for Mocedades, since three members from different phases of the group died in a matter of months, Rafael Blanco, Roberto Uranga and José Antonio Las Heras (who was still active in the group). He was replaced by a returning Fernando González. Iratxe left the group and the music business, and was replaced by Rosa Rodríguez. Mocedades, with Izaskun Uranga, Javier Garay, Luis Hornedo, Rosa Rodríguez and Fernando Gonzalez recorded a new album, "Mocedades canta a Juan Luis Guerra", with songs from the Dominican singer Juan Luis Guerra. This album was only released in Latin America and remains the only Mocedades album unreleased in Spain. In 2010, Fernando took a temporary leave and was replaced by Edorta Aiartzagüena for their successful tour through the US. Fernando came back after their return to Spain in 2011. In June 2012, Javier Garay announced an impending new album. The first two songs, "Fue mentira" and "El diluvio universal", are available on iTunes. Work on the album was halted, however, due to the sudden departure of Rosa Rodríguez and Fernando Gonzalez from the group at the end of 2012. Early in 2013 they were replaced by Begoña Costa and Aitor Melgosa who participated in the group's 45th anniversary tour of Mexico. In June 2014, just after a successful tour of Mexico, Izaskun Uranga , the only member of the group who had never left it since its foundation as Las Hermanas Uranga, decided to leave the group and, since she also had the rights to use the name, she formed her own group also named Mocedades, with former members Rosa Rodríguez, Fernando Gonzalez, and Arsenio Gutierrez and new member José María Santa María. In August 2014, after just two months with the new formation, Arsenio Gutierrez left and was replaced by José María Cortés, who was himself replaced by José Miguel Robles a short while later. 

Paragraph 12: Tenth Michigan Infantry. — Col., Charles M. Lum; Lieut. -Cols., Christopher J. Dickerson, William H. Dunphy; Majs., James J. Scarrett, Henry S. Burnett, Sylvan Ter Bush. This regiment was organized at Flint during the fall and winter of 1861-62 and was mustered in, Feb. 6, 1862. It left the state April 22, being ordered to Corinth, and was first in action at Farmington. It participated in the siege of Corinth; was engaged at Boonville in June; was then ordered to Nashville and assigned to the 1st brigade, and division, Rosecrans' army. It was engaged in provost, guard and fatigue duty at Nashville, Murfreesboro and on Stone's river during the year. On Dec. 31 it guarded an ammunition train for the army, made a march of  in 36 hours, and participated in the engagement at Stone's River (aka Battle of Murfreesboro, TN). On Jan. 3, 1863, Cos. A and D were attacked by a large force of guerrillas, but repulsed them, killing 15 and capturing as many more. On the 25th a squad guarding a train was captured by 200 of the enemy's cavalry. Twenty-seven men of the 10th being near, went forward and routed the enemy with heavy loss, capturing guns and horses and saving most of the train, which had been fired. On April 10 several hundred guerrillas drove a detail of 46 men away from the train they were guarding, but reinforced by 15 men, the guard returned and saved the train. In August and September the regiment joined in the march from Murfreesboro to Columbia, Stevenson, and Bridgeport, Ala., then moved to Anderson's cross-roads, thence to Smith's ferry, which place was reached Oct. 26. On Nov. 26 it participated in the capture of Chickamauga Station, and then moving towards Knoxville marched for several days, but was ordered to Columbus, reaching there Dec. 9. It moved for Chattanooga on the 15th and 395 having reenlisted as veterans on Feb. 6, 1864, they were expecting to receive the longed-for furlough, but instead on the 23d, the regiment was ordered to prepare for a movement into Georgia. The order was cheerfully obeyed and the regiment participated in the battle of Buzzard Roost, losing 13 killed, 36 wounded and 17 missing. It made a gallant advance over two sharp ridges, but being unsupported was compelled to return to its earlier stand. The 10th then took part in the successful counter attack at Tunnel Hill before being furloughed home in March and on its return reached Chattanooga May 11, in time to take part in the Atlanta campaign. It was engaged at Resaca, Rome and Dallas, was in reserve at Kennesaw mountain. When Confederate General John Bell Hood attacked in defense of Atlanta the 10th fought valiantly at Peach Tree Creek, as well as engagements at Sandtown, Red Oak, Rough and Ready, and at Jonesboro charged the enemy's works, taking 400 prisoners and a stand of colors, losing 30 killed and 47 wounded. It went into camp at Atlanta on Sept. 8, and on the 28th moved to Stevenson, Huntsville, Athens and Florence, skirmishing at the latter place. It proceeded to Chattanooga, thence to Rome, Ga., and moved forward with the army on the Savannah campaign, engaging in skirmishes at Sandersville and Louisville, four companies defeating a superior force at the latter place. The regiment reached Savannah Dec. 11 and moved into the city on the 21st. It then participated in the campaign of the Carolinas, being engaged with the enemy at Fayetteville, Averasboro, Southfield road and Bentonville. It reached Richmond May 7, was in the grand review at Washington, moved to Louisville, Ky., in June, and was mustered out on July 19. Its original strength was 997: gain by recruits, 791; total, 1,788. Loss by death, 299.

Paragraph 13:  The Water of Life was featured in Grimm's Fairy Tale Classics as part of its "Grimm Masterpiece Theater" season. One of the brothers is eliminated from the story, and the two remaining princes are named Joseph (the protagonist) and Franz (his treacherous eldest brother). Joseph's love interest is named Princess Anna. Additionally, the dwarf summons animals and the North Wind to ask them if they know where the Water can be found. The North Wind reveals its location to Joseph while the dwarf had previously banished Franz to the Valley of No Return due to his rudeness. The wand is replaced by the magic of the moonlight which Joseph uses to break the lock of the room containing Princess Anne, who is under attack by a demon who is destroyed by the moonlight. While Joseph collects the water, Anne flees the evil castle though picks up Joseph's broken sword which reveals to her the name of Joseph's kingdom. Joseph promises to court her once his father is well. While returning home, Joseph finds his injured brother Franz and heals him with the water. Despite being saved and healed by his brother, Franz conspires to switch the water with water from a nearby swamp as opposed to seawater. Instead of ordering Joseph's execution at first the king banishes him from the castle after being tricked by Franz, though he later orders the huntsman to kill Joseph after Franz convinces the King that Joseph will try to poison him again. Additionally, Joseph accepts his fate and asks his friend the huntsman who is also a knight to kill him as it is his duty as a knight to follow the king's orders. The huntsman instead convinces Joseph to flee the kingdom after refusing to kill him knowing that Joseph is innocent. He then delivers Joseph's clothes as 'evidence' that the deed is done, and then quits the king's service, stating that he can no longer serve the king after what he has done. Finally, it is Princess Anne who reveals Franz' treachery to his father when she appears at Franz' coronation to offer her hand in marriage believing it to be Joseph's coronation. Franz is apprehended by the palace guards when he attempts to flee as the heartbroken King explains to Anne that he had ordered Joseph's death, causing her to faint from a broken heart. While on the way home, Anna asks for some water as she continues to mourn the loss of Joseph and her carriage happens to stop at a nearby windmill where Joseph and the huntsman happen to be working. She recognizes Joseph by his voice and the two are happily reunited. The fate of Franz is never revealed and it is unclear if the King learns of his youngest son's survival.   

Paragraph 14: In addition, the Finnish Defence Force uses vääpeli to indicate an NCO position (which might or might not be occupied by an NCO of the rank vääpeli) subordinate to the company commander. The unit's vääpeli is in charge of the company's personnel management as well as supply, provisioning and maintenance, including the maintenance of the premises inhabited by the unit. They are also responsible for maintaining the general order, discipline and unit cohesion. The company's vääpeli is the lowest-ranking FDF position that can conduct a preliminary investigation into suspected service-related crimes. Their powers with regard to punishment are limited to conscripts, who they can punish with either a warning or up to 6 hours of extra duties.

Paragraph 15: Polo's acting debut, in 1987, was in the role of Kristin Larsen on the ABC daytime soap opera Loving. The following year, she earned a role in primetime on the short-lived CBS series TV 101. She also starred in the 1990 miniseries The Phantom of the Opera as Christine Daaé. In 1994, Polo became a regular cast member on the last season of Northern Exposure. She later played Detective Ash on the TV series Brimstone. She appeared in a recurring guest role in the sixth and seventh seasons of The West Wing playing the role of Helen Santos, the wife of Democratic presidential candidate Matt Santos (Jimmy Smits).

Paragraph 16: Supply Belcher (March 29, 1751 – June 9, 1836) was an American composer, singer, and compiler of tune books. He was one of the so-called Yankee tunesmiths or First New England School, a group of mostly self-taught composers who created sacred vocal music for local choirs. He was active first in Lexington, Massachusetts, then eventually moved to Farmington, Maine. Like most of his colleagues, Belcher could not make music his main occupation, and worked as tax assessor, schoolmaster, town clerk, and so on; nevertheless he was considerably well known for his musical activities, and even dubbed 'the Handell [sic] of Maine' by a local newspaper. Most of his works survive in The Harmony of Maine, a collection Belcher published himself in Boston in 1794.

Paragraph 17: At the outbreak of World War I, nearly all the ships of the East Asia Station were dispersed at various island colonies on routine missions; the armored cruisers Scharnhorst and Gneisenau were at anchor at Ponape in the Carolines.  The fleet then rendezvoused at Pagan Island in the northern Marianas – the commanders planning the logistics of their long journey to Germany, with the ships coaling.  The light cruiser Nürnberg was dispatched to Honolulu in the United States Territory of Hawaii to gather war news since all German undersea cables through British controlled areas were cut.  Admiral von Spee headed for German Samoa with Scharnhorst and Gneisenau, then east, conducting the Bombardment of Papeete in French Polynesia. The East Asia Squadron coaled at Easter Island from colliers that had been on station throughout the Pacific. The unprotected cruiser , which had failed to rendezvous at Pagan, tried to join Spee's squadron until forced to intern itself at Hawaii on 17 October 1914 due to mechanical breakdowns. Realizing that Allied activity in the Pacific had increased to such a level that he was vastly outnumbered and losing the element of surprise, Admiral von Spee decided to move his fleet around Cape Horn into the Atlantic and force his way north in an effort to reach Germany. While off the coast of Chile, the squadron met up with the light cruiser , which had been operating as a commerce raider in the Atlantic and had rounded Cape Horn in an effort to increase chances of success. At this point, Dresden joined Spee's flag and set out with the rest of the East Asia Squadron.

Paragraph 18: Seacology was founded in 1991 by ethnobotanist Paul Alan Cox and his wife Barbara in 1991 resulting from his efforts to preserve  of rainforest outside the village of Falealupo on the island of Savai'i in Samoa.  He later recorded these events in his book, Nafanua: Saving the Samoan Rain Forest.  Cox volunteered in Samoa for two years from 1973 to 1974 as a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints at which time he became fluent in common and chiefly Samoan, and deeply enamored of Samoan culture. After returning to Samoa for field work during his PhD studies in rain forest biology at Harvard University, and acquiring competency in Tongan and other Polynesian languages, Cox used funds from a Presidential Young Investigator Award given him by President Ronald Reagan to return with his young family to the remote island of Savaii in Samoa. His aim was to find a cure for metastatic breast cancer, which had claimed the life of his mother, scientist Rae G. Cox, earlier the previous year.  In return for the help of the local healers (called fofo), and with the permission of the local village chiefs and the Prime Minister of Samoa, Cox prevailed on his colleagues at the U. S. National Cancer Institute to share the revenue generated by his search for new drugs with the local villages and the Samoan government.  Over time, his research identified the therapeutic agent prostratin, a potential treatment for HIV.  Prostratin was isolated in a concoction made from the bark of the local mamala tree (Homalanthus nutans) and shared with him by a traditional healer named Epenesa Mauigoa, who used it to treat hepatitis.  Cox set up royalty agreements with the National Cancer Institute and Brigham Young University to ensure that the Samoans will share in any commercial development of the drug.

Paragraph 19: Farrell made his England début at Twickenham after he was named at inside centre in the first Six Nations game against Scotland. The 2007 World Cup saw Farrell starting at inside centre against South Africa, in England's chastening group stage defeat. He was then brought on as a replacement against Tonga, and scored his first England try. However, after being picked for the quarter-final decider against Australia he had to withdraw with a calf injury. Unfortunately he never produced the performances for the England union side for which many had hoped, and ultimately he won only eight caps. In January 2008 Farrell was joined at Saracens by his 16-year-old son Owen Farrell, who signed a three-year academy deal with the club. In August 2008 Farrell was named co-captain for the 2008–09 season along with Steve Borthwick. There were rumours of Farrell returning to rugby league and rejoining Wigan Warriors, after it emerged that Saracens head coach Eddie Jones had become unhappy with the direction his club was taking. It was rumoured that Jones and Farrell could be moving up north, with the Warriors becoming increasingly impatient with out-of-favour Brian Noble especially after their poor start to the season; however this proved to be unfounded, with the Warriors instead hiring Melbourne Storm assistant coach Michael Maguire. In April 2009 Farrell announced his retirement and said he was taking up a coaching role with Saracens at the end of the season.

Paragraph 20: The land that is now Oberhausen's municipal area was settled very early on. A few archaeological finds at barrows of the so-called "Old Hunsrück-Eifel Culture", for instance a bronze torc and bronze armrings, are traces of human habitation from the time between 600 and 400 BC. Leading across what is now the municipal area were two important prehistoric roads, of which the so-called Salzstraße ("Salt Road") linked the upper Nahe region with the Rhine and the other, a road from Kirchberg to Meisenheim, served as a north–south link between the Moselle region and the North Palatine Uplands. Oberhausen's first documentary mentions are found in documents from 1342 (Obernhusen) and 1346. The latter is a Weistum (cognate with English wisdom, this was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) in which the court Schöffe (roughly "lay jurist") "Hermann von Obirnhusen" is named as a member of the Hennweiler court's council of Schöffen. Oberhausen then belonged to the Vogtei of Heinzenberg, a mediaeval jurisdictional and administrative region formed of the villages of Hennweiler, Oberhausen, Guntzelnberg, Rode and Heinzenberg and the Eigener Hof (an estate). Here, the Lords of Heinzenberg, who lived at a castle in the Kellenbach valley, were responsible as Vögte for giving the law and for raising tax revenue. Hennweiler was the "mother village" in this greater municipal area, whereas Oberhausen was, like all the other outlying villages, a "daughter village" or an "expansion settlement". The Vogtei region was also a parochial region whose mother church was Saint Stephen's (Stephanuskirche) in Hennweiler. In the Late Middle Ages, Oberhausen became part of the Lordship of Wartenstein and belonged to the Unteramt of Hennweiler. It was then that power passed from the Lords of Heinzenberg, first to Tilmann vom Stein (or Wartenstein), but he died without having fathered any male offspring, and his power eventually passed over time, by marriage into other families of the lower nobility, to other lines. These families who had acquired Tilmann's holdings and rights in the Lordship of Wartenstein, formed a kind of Ganerbengemeinschaft, a form of condominium, whereby they ruled jointly. In the course of the earlier half of the 16th century, the Lords of Schwarzenberg eventually managed to secure their place as the sole lordship in the Unteramt of Hennweiler, although they had to be mindful that their overlords were still the Counts Palatine of Zweibrücken (later Dukes of Palatinate-Zweibrücken), who were rightful successors to the Counts of Veldenz. As the village lord, Johann III of Schwarzenberg introduced the Reformation into the parish of Hennweiler/Oberhausen sometime about 1550. Oberhausen formed together with Hennweiler a greater municipal area in the Late Middle Ages that was run as a Markgenossenschaft – a combined municipality with one administration and a single body of law. It was only later that the municipal area was split between the two villages. The villages' common woodlands were shared out as late as 1769. Beginning in 1798, Oberhausen lay under French rule, as did all the German lands on the Rhine's left bank. This lasted until the Napoleonic French were driven out in 1814. During this time, Oberhausen belonged to the Mairie ("Mayoralty") of Kirn in the Arrondissement of Simmern. After the Congress of Vienna had grouped the village into the Kingdom of Prussia, Oberhausen remained with the same mayoralty, although the German word Bürgermeisterei was now used for it. After Kirn was granted town rights in 1857, though, it together with the outlying villages formed a municipal body known as the Landbürgermeisterei Kirn, which was headed by the mayor of Kirn. This "personal union" was dissolved in 1896, whereupon representatives of the rural villages chose their own Bürgermeister (mayor). Ever since, Oberhausen has remained in this municipal league of "Kirn-Land" without interruption, although in the course of administrative restructuring in Rhineland-Palatinate, it ceased to be an Amt in 1969 and became instead the Verbandsgemeinde of Kirn-Land. Over the last few decades, Oberhausen has grown from a mainly agriculturally orientated village into a modern residential community. Since 1953/1954, water has been supplied to the village by the Gruppenwasserwerk Krebsweiler ("Krebsweiler Group Waterworks"). Sewerage was laid between 1956 and 1963, and carries sewage to the treatment plant at Kirn.

Paragraph 21:  Jerry Church, Esper 2 (the "2" is struck through with a "/" in the original text) is an ostracized Esper who once helped Reich profit by reading the minds of business rivals.  He runs a pawn shop, from which Reich obtains the gun he uses to kill D'Courtney. Reich made millions from Church, but Church lost everything.  No Esper will even talk to him, let alone communicate with him telepathically.  At one point in the book, he stands outside Powell's house, eavesdropping on the Esper party inside, so great is his need for that kind of contact.  Powell detects him and offers him a drink, but Jerry resents his pity, throws it back at him and runs off.  After the murder, Jerry passes on information about Barbara D'Courtney's whereabouts to Keno Quizzard, leading Reich to find her at Chooka Frood's just as Powell, alerted by his own investigation, arrives.  Later, Keno's men attack his shop with him, Powell, and Tate inside.  Tate, foreseeing that his criminal involvement will be his undoing, commits suicide by allowing himself to be destroyed by the effects of the harmonic gun.  Powell persuades Jerry to turn against Reich, blaming him for the attack.  Jerry's testimony about the gun purchase is a vital piece of evidence.

Paragraph 22: The film begins with 40 thieves making huge robberies at various places of Baghdad and hiding their stolen treasure at a secret cave called Sesame. Once their Sardar  sends his acolyte Choto  with his daughter Marjiana to find out the wealthy people in the city. Alibaba is a young & energetic guy, sees the dance performance of Marjiana, develops an acquaintance with her and both of them fall in love. Alibaba & his mother Chandbibi  lives along with his elder brother Kasim Khan  a rich person but a huge miser and similarly, his wife Sultana is a shrew. They separate Alibaba and gives two donkeys for his livelihood, so, he decides to bring wood from the forest. Once Alibaba is cutting wood he observes the head of the thieves chanting some words of a cave door opens and when they come out and he chants some other words. Alibaba secretly enters into the cave, notices a lot of treasure, collects it and comes back. Now Alibaba becomes one of the richest person of Baghdad. Kasim Khan feels jealous about his brother's wealth, he silently knows regarding the secret treasure, reaches the cave and becomes flabbergasted. By the time, thieves arrive and catch him and learn his brother also knows this place. So, they take him to their fort and starts torturing him. Understanding the situation, Alibaba immediately rushes to the cave and finds out the route to the fort. But he also caught when Marjiana helps them to escape. Knowing it, Angered, Chotu tries to kill Marjiana but Sardar obstructs his way and dies. Alibaba brings his brother back, due to fear of the thieves he secretly brings the village doctor by blindfolding and keeping his brother in a dark room. After the treatment, while leaving, the clever doctor keeps a mark on the door. After that, Alibaba again goes to the thieves fort saves Marjiana and brings her home. Meanwhile, Kasim recovers, realize his mistake and says sorry to Alibaba. Parallelly, Chotu secretly meets the doctor and asks him to reveal whom he recently cured of deadly wounds. So, he shows the house which he has marked, but Marjiana observes it and cleverly makes the same mark on every house. Now Chotu decides to burn the entire village when Alibaba motivates the villagers to safeguard the village from 4 sides. So, Chotu makes a ploy, enters the village as an oil merchant along with 39 oil barrels in which the remaining thieves are hidden. Alibaba gives him a warm welcome when, fortunately, the oil is nill in their kitchen. So, Marjiana goes to collect some oil from the barrels where she finds out that the thieves are hidden in it. Now Alibaba makes a plan, secretly burns all the barrels. Angered Chotu captures Marjiana and runs away to the cave, Alibaba follows him and stamps out Chotu. At last, Alibaba distributes the entire treasure in the cave to the villagers. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Alibaba & Marjiana.

Paragraph 23: In the U.S., the community college training model remains the most common, although some university-based paramedic education models exist. These variations in both educational approaches and standards has led to tremendous differences from one location to another. There may be situations in which a group of people with 120 hours of training, and another group (in another jurisdiction) with university degrees, were both calling themselves 'paramedics'. There were some efforts made to resolve these discrepancies. The National Association of Emergency Medical Technicians (NAEMT) along with National Registry of Emergency Medical Technicians (NREMT) attempted to create a national standard by means of a common licensing examination, but to this day, this has never been universally accepted by U.S. States, and issues of licensing reciprocity for paramedics continue, although if an EMT obtains certification through NREMT (NREMT-P, NREMT-I, NREMT-B), this is accepted by 40 of the 50 states in the United States. This confusion was further complicated by the introduction of complex systems of gradation of certification, reflecting levels of training and skill, but these too were, for the most part, purely local. To clarify, at least at a national level, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), which is the federal organization with authority to administer the EMS system, defines the various titles given to prehospital medical workers based on the level of care they provide. They are EMT-P (Paramedic), EMT-I (Intermediate), EMT-B (Basic), and First Responders. While providers at all levels are considered emergency medical technicians, the term "paramedic" is most properly used in the United States to refer only to those providers who are EMT-P's. Apart from this distinction, the only truly common trend that would evolve was the relatively universal acceptance of the term 'emergency medical technician' being used to denote a lower level of training and skill than a 'paramedic'.

Paragraph 24: Winrod wrote in his book The Jewish Assault on Christianity, published in 1935 by a publishing company in Topeka, Kansas: "The same forces which crucified Christ nineteen hundred years ago are today trying to crucify His Church. Many Christian leaders have not yet realized it, but Christianity is in the grip of a life and death struggle at the present time. International Jewish Communism, which has already undermined all nations, firmly expects to exterminate all Christians. What the Cause of Christ has endured in Russia the past eighteen years, surpasses its suffering at the hands of bloody Nero. One of the purposes of the present treatise is to show that this conspiracy is not of recent origin." The book was met with positive reception by many Christians at the time. Winrod would go on to say that he believed Jews were damned to hell, and that Jesus Christ condemned them in the Bible. He expanded upon these views, being quoted, "Will the Church be able to demonstrate sufficient power to triumph over its foes in the present crisis, or has it become so weakened by apostasy and pernicious teachings that it will have to be drenched in its own blood before it can be brought to its senses? Jesus knew better than anyone else the unspeakable crimes of which [the Jews] are capable. The Jesus of the twenty-third chapter of Matthew, is not the quiet, reticent Jesus of modern literature and the fashionable pulpit. The Jesus, whose righteous indignation is here asserted, is a man of words and action, a man in the act of pronouncing eight woes upon the Jewish leaders and finally condemning them to the damnation of hell." Winrod spread these views through his newspaper, The Defender, which by 1937 achieved a 100,000 monthly circulation. Some of the articles reproduced materials from the pro-Nazi and virulently antisemitic international Welt-Dienst/World-Service/Service Mondial news agency founded in 1933 by Ulrich Fleischhauer.

Paragraph 25: Eternal Masters is a Magic compilation set released in June 2016.  Similar to the Modern Masters sets, it reprints cards, but from all of Magics history rather than restricting itself to the Modern format, thus aiming itself at casual formats such as Cube as well as the Vintage and Legacy formats.Modern Masters 2017 Edition ("MM3") was released on March 17, 2017.  It was also released in English, Simplified Chinese, and Japanese.  The 2017 edition added Innistrad block, Return to Ravnica block, Magic 2013, and Magic 2014 to the sets eligible for a Modern Masters reprint.  Notable reprints in Modern Masters 2017 Edition included Tarmogoyf, Damnation, Liliana of the Veil, Snapcaster Mage, Voice of Resurgence, and the enemy color "fetchlands" such as Scalding Tarn.Iconic Masters is a Magic compilation set; it was released at Hasbro's HasCon's 25th anniversary celebration of Magic in September 2017, and released to the wider public in November 2017.  It is a compilation set with reprinted cards originating throughout the history of Magic, similar to Eternal Masters.  The set is generally perceived to have had poor sales due to the two month delayed nature of its wide release, which happened only a few weeks before the release of Unstable.  Wizards of the Coast would later apologize for setting wrong expectations for the set as well as the strange scheduling after receiving negative feedback about the set.Masters 25 (A25) was released on March 16, 2018.  It was themed as a celebration of 25 years of the history of Magic, with cards from every printed set.Ultimate Masters (UMA) was released on December 7, 2018.  In the set's official announcement, it was noted that it would have an unusually high price point, but would contain unusually high-value reprints.  It is the first Magic set to include a regular-sized "box topper" promotional card with each booster box.  Wizards of the Coast announced that it would be the last Masters set for some time; however, Double Masters would be released less than two years later. Double Masters (2XM) was released on August 7, 2020.  Due to the "double" theme of the set, each draft booster contains two rare or mythic cards and two foil cards of any rarity, and each booster box contains two "box topper" promotional cards.  It is the first Masters set to be released without an official list price. 

Paragraph 26: Electrification of the Southport route was begun in 1902. It was increasingly popular for commuting and pleasure trips, but suffered from competition from the Cheshire Lines Railway. Electric traction was seen as cleaner than steam locomotives, and with coal prices rising, potentially cheaper. At the time, concerns were being expressed, especially in the railway press, that engineering developments in Britain was being overtaken by electrification projects in America and Switzerland. Preston-based Dick, Kerr and Company was responsible for the traction systems and the L&YR built the rolling stock. A 625 V DC four-rail system was adopted. A live rail was outside the running rails  from the centre of the track and  above the top of the running rails. A return rail, cross-bonded to the running rails, was positioned centrally between the tracks. The route was  long and gaps were left at 46 level crossings. The L&YR built a power station at Formby, generating 7.5 kV AC, conveyed to four sub-stations by underground cables.

Paragraph 27: In the 2,398th match played at the ground, with both sides looking to qualify for European football in the 2016–17 season, in front of a crowd of 34,907, West Ham took the lead in the tenth minute through Diafra Sakho, only for Manchester United to make the score 1–2 with two goals from Anthony Martial. However, Michail Antonio equalized for West Ham and Winston Reid scored a third in the 80th minute to make it 3–2, the final score. It was West Ham's 384th Premier League match, their 990th in the top division, and their 1,662nd ever league match at the ground, the win signifying 601 home Premier League points won there. Mark Noble was named Man of the Match. The match was followed by a 45-minute display on the pitch in celebration of the history of the ground. The following day, the club condemned the violence aimed at the Manchester United coach, vowing to ban for life any person convicted. Three people were arrested on the night of the game, two for pitch incursion and one for throwing a bottle at the police. The following day, the Metropolitan Police issued pictures of four men they hoped to identify in connection with the coach attack.

Paragraph 28: The CPU die contains the majority of logic, all of the execution units and a level 0 (L0) instruction cache. The execution units consist of two integer units, address units, floating-point units (FPUs), memory units. The FPU hardware consists of a fused multiply add (FMA) unit and a divide unit. But the FMA instructions are really fused (that is, with a single rounding) only as of SPARC64 VI. The FMA unit is pipelined and has a four-cycle latency and a one-cycle-throughput. The divide unit is not pipelined and has significantly longer latencies. The L0 instruction cache has a capacity of 4 KB, is direct-mapped and has a one-cycle latency.

Paragraph 29: Peel began playing for Yorkshire in 1883 but, after a successful debut, was overshadowed in the team by Edmund Peate and often played only a minor role with the ball. Improvements in his batting and his excellence as a fielder kept him in the team, and when Peate was sacked for drunkenness in 1887, Peel became Yorkshire's main spinner. He had already played for England, touring Australia with two professional teams, although he did not play a Test in England until 1888. Over the following years he regularly took over 100 wickets in each season and often played in the prestigious Gentlemen v Players matches. He was generally Yorkshire's leading bowler—until the emergence of George Hirst, he generally received little support from other members of the attack—and often among their leading batsmen. His best season in county cricket came in 1896, when he recorded the double of 1,000 runs and 100 wickets, and made his highest first-class score of 210. Among his notable feats in Tests, he bowled England to victory after they had followed on in Australia in 1894–95 and took six for 23 in his final Test. The first English cricketer to reach 100 wickets against Australia, in 1894–95 he also became the first player to fail to score in four successive Test innings.

Paragraph 30: Chemical industries such as Aarti, Supreet Chemicals, and textile giants such as Alok industries, Welspun Terry Towels, Century Textiles, GHCL and Raymonds Limited have strong presences in Vapi and nearby areas. Bayer Vapi Pvt Ltd, United Phosphorus Ltd., Supreet Chemicals Pvt Ltd., Sarna Chemicals, Sangir Plastics, Kampun Polymers, Lathia Rubbers, Arti Industries Ltd., Themis Industries and Hubergroup India Pvt Ltd (formerly Micro Inks Limited), operate manufacturing plants in Vapi. Today, about 70% of the total industries in the township are chemical plants, mainly for chemical distillation and the production of pesticides, dyes, dye intermediaries and paints. Other major industries include paper, packaging, pharmaceuticals, plastics, rubber, textiles, wood, computer hardware and software, engineering workshops, glass, and food products. Another striking feature of Vapi is the Common Effluent Treatment Plant (or CETP). This is the largest of its kind in Asia and one of India's biggest effluent treatment plants in terms of capacity, treating the pollutants from these industries before the effluent is released into the river. The CETP is run by Vapi Waste and Effluent Management Company, promoted by the Vapi Industries Association. Vapi has the maximum number of Kraft paper & duplex board paper mills in India. The best quality paper producers are located in Vapi and to have more than 20 kraft paper mills within a distance of 20 km. Therefore, Vapi is also known as "paper hub".