Paragraph 1: This regiment was raised at large and was organized at Augusta, Sept. 22, 1861, to serve three years.  In less than two weeks from the arrival of the first company at Augusta, the 9th was on its way to Washington, with more than 1,000 men in its ranks.  The original members (except veterans) numbering 158 men were mustered out of service Sept. 27, 1864, and the regiment composed of veterans and recruits, retained in service until July 13, 1865, when it was mustered out under orders from the war department.  The 3rd company of unassigned infantry, organized Sept. 30, 1864, was assigned to this regiment as Co. K, and was mustered out June 30, 1865.  Soon after its arrival in Washington (Sept. 26), the regiment was assigned to Gen. T. W. Sherman's expedition for the capture of Port Royal, S. C., and landed at Hilton Head, S. C., Nov. 8, 1861.  On Feb. 7, 1862, it went to Warsaw island, off the coast of Georgia, and on the 21st, joined the expedition which captured Fernandina, Fla., being the first regiment to land from the transports and the first to take possession of the town.  The regiment sailed to Fernandina aboard the steamship Star of the South The troops remained at Fernandina  until Jan. 17, 1863, when it returned to Hilton Head, and on June 24th went to St. Helena island as part of a force under Gen. Strong for the assault on Morris island, S. C.  July 4 it went to Folly island, and on the 10th landed on Morris island, where it carried the enemy's rifle pits in front of their works.  The regiment formed a part of the assaulting forces in the attacks on Fort Wagner, July 11 and 18, and Sept. 6.  Its casualties in the several assaults were over 300 men in killed, wounded and missing.  The 9th continued at Black and Morris islands, S. C., until April 18, 1864.  In the meantime 416 of the original members reenlisted for an additional term of three years.  In the spring of 1864 it was transferred to the Army of the Potomac and arrived at Gloucester Point, Va., April 22, where the reenlisted men, who had been home on 30 day furlough, rejoined the regiment on the 28th.  It sailed up the James River on May 4 to Bermuda Hundred, and from this time on saw much hard service at the front, participating in the following engagements: Drewry's Bluff, Bermuda Hundred, losing 52 men; Cold Harbor, where its loss was over 70 men; the assaults on Petersburg; Deep Bottom, Fort Gilmer, Darbytown Road, losing 48 men.  Oct. 28, it went to Chaffin's Farm, and after the capture of Fort Fisher, N. C., in 1865, it was ordered there.  Later it took possession of Wilmington, then joined Gen. Sherman's forces at Cox's bridge, after which it proceeded to Magnolia and from there to Raleigh, N. C., which city it entered April 11, 1865.  It remained at Raleigh until July 13, 1865, when it was mustered out and proceeded to Augusta, Me., where the men were paid and finally discharged.

Paragraph 2: He alienated many retired players after comments he made in response to 325 former AFL and NFL players receiving minimal retirement benefits.  When the former players attempted to have the NFL and the NFLPA consider their plight, Upshaw responded: "The bottom line is I don't work for them. They don't hire me and they can't fire me. They can complain about me all day long. They can have their opinion. But the active players have the vote."  Upshaw later said he was misquoted and was speaking solely about fellow Hall of Famer Joe DeLamielleure, further saying "A guy like DeLamielleure says the things he said about me; you think I'm going to invite him to dinner? No. I'm going to break his damn neck." While Upshaw's comments were true on the letter of the NFL's benefit rules—the NFLPA is charged with the union rights of active players, and any matters dealing with retirees are subject to negotiations between the NFLPA and the NFL Management Council—they were badly received by both former and current players, fans, and the media. Prior to his death, a campaign was allegedly being led by Ravens kicker Matt Stover to oust Gene Upshaw as head of the NFLPA; however, all parties have denied such a plan.  Stover along with a number of other players claim to have only been seeking a definite succession plan in order to avoid a drawn-out and messy transfer of power such as Upshaw's death has seen realized. Tennessee Titans center Kevin Mawae, president of the NFLPA, issued a statement saying that Stover's opinion did not reflect the opinion of the board of player representatives.

Paragraph 3: Morris was also the father of modern greenkeeping. He introduced the concept of top-dressing greens with sand, which significantly helped turf growth. He introduced many novel ideas on turf and course management, including actively managing hazards (in the past, bunkers and the like were largely left to their own devices, becoming truly "hazardous") and yardage markers. He was the first to use a push mower to cut greens. He improved play at St Andrews by widening fairways to handle increased play, improving greens, and establishing separate teeing areas on each hole; all of these measures spread out play over larger areas, and led to better turf conditions. He created a new first green on the Old Course, and was responsible for the initial design of the New Course 1895 and Jubilee course in 1897. He also introduced the modern idea of placing hazards so that the golf ball could be routed around them; this was the beginning of strategic design, which has dominated golf course design ever since. Before his time hazards were thought of as obstacles that either had to be carried or were there to punish a wayward ball. When he was 77 he was nearly beaten by Rhona Adair at St Andrews Links. Adair was one of the leading women players. He is quoted as having said: "I'll no' be licked by a lassie".

Paragraph 4: The season started off with "Homer's Barbershop Quartet" which was chosen as the season premiere because it guest starred George Harrison. The Fox executives had wanted to premiere with "Homer Goes to College" because it was a National Lampoon's Animal House parody, but the writers felt "Homer's Barbershop Quartet" would be a better episode because of Harrison's involvement. Even though the episode aired during the beginning of the fifth season, "Cape Feare" was the last episode written by the original team of writers and guest starred Kelsey Grammer as Sideshow Bob. Compared to previously produced episodes, the episode featured several elements that could be described as cartoonish. This was a result of the staff's careless attitude towards the end of season four as the majority of them were leaving which, combined with the shortness of the episode, led to the creation of the rake sequence, became a memorable moment for this episode. "Cape Feare" and "Rosebud" were both broadcast early in the season and are amongst the series' most acclaimed episodes, both having placed highly on Entertainment Weekly's list of the top 25 episodes. The episode "Deep Space Homer" was the only episode to be written by David Mirkin and was controversial amongst the show's writing staff when the episode was in production. Some of the writers felt that having Homer go into space was too "large" an idea. Matt Groening felt that the idea was so big that it gave the writers "nowhere to go". As a result, every aspect of the show was worked on to make the concept work. The writers focused more upon the relationship between Homer and his family and Homer's attempts to be a hero. "Sweet Seymour Skinner's Baadasssss Song" was the series' 100th episode. It was chosen because it heavily featured Bart and was promoted as "Bart's biggest prank ever," even though Bart did not actually pull any pranks in the episode; rather, Bart accidentally let his dog loose, eventually resulting in Principal Skinner's firing. Cletus Spuckler and the Rich Texan were the only recurring characters to be introduced this season, first appearing in "Bart Gets an Elephant", and "$pringfield" respectively. Other minor characters who first appeared this season were Luigi and Baby Gerald. Two more episodes, "Bart of Darkness" and "Lisa's Rival" were produced as part of the season five (1F) production run, but both aired the following season.

Paragraph 5: Go-Daigo was unwilling to leave the capital however, and insisted that Kusunoki meet Takauji's superior forces in the field in a pitched battle. Kusunoki, in what would later be viewed as the ultimate act of samurai loyalty, obediently accepted his Emperor's foolish command and knowingly marched his army into almost certain death. The battle, which took place at Minatogawa in modern-day Chūō-ku, Kobe, was a tactical disaster. There are two accounts of the proposal made by Kusunoki Masashige to the emperor Go-Daigo, the Taiheiki and the Baisho Ron. One was that they regroup and attack from two sides, the other was that they bring back general Takauji to their side thus balancing the scales. Both arguments were ignored.

Paragraph 6: The War-God and the Brown Maiden, London: Collins [1904]. With eight illustrations by Warwick GobleA Hero in Wolf-Skin : a story of pagan and Christian, London: Religious Tract Society, 1904. With illustrations by J. FinnemoreBeggars of the Sea. A story of the Dutch struggle with Spain, London: Thomas Nelson and Sons [1904?]A Trooper of the Finns. A tale of the Thirty Years' War, London: Religious Tract Society, 1905The Fen Robbers, London: T. Nelson & Sons, 1906Held by Rebels, London, 1906. Illustrated by Percy TarrantBeggars of the Sea: A Story of the Dutch struggle with Spain, London, 1906Sea-Dogs All! A tale of forest and sea, London, 1907The Goldsmith of Chepe: A Tale of The Plague Year, London: The Religious Tract Society, 1908. With illustrations by J. Jellicoe. (Serialised in the Boys Own Paper, 1907)Runners of Contraband: a story of Russian Tyranny, London, 1908. With illustrations by Wal PagetThe "Grey Fox" of Holland: a tale of adventure during the insurrection against Philip II, London/New York: T. Nelson & Sons, 1908The Chancellor's Spy. A vivid picture of life in the reign of Henry the Eighth, London: T. Nelson & Sons, 1909The Insurgent Trail: A story of the Balkans, London: Sir I. Pitman & Sons, 1910The Secret Men, London: S. W. Partridge & Co., 1910. With six illustrations by Ernest Prater.Stories from British history (B. C. 54 – A. D. 1485), 1910The House Of Hanover, 1714 to 1901, 1911Rebels And Rogues, 1911Out With The Buccaneers; or, The Treasure of The Snake, London: S. W. Partridge & Co., 1911Trapped In Tripoli; or, A Boy's Adventures in The Desert, London: S. W. Partridge & Co., 1912One of the Awkward Squad, London: James Nisbet & Co, 1912The Baymouth Scouts: A Story of The Napoleon Scare, London: The Religious Tract Society, 1913With Bandit And Turk, London: S. W. Partridge & Co., 1913The Uplanders, London: Sampson Low, Marston & Co., 1914 (as Walter Bamfylde)Midsummer Magic, 1915 (as Walter Bamfylde)With Haig At The Front: A Story Of The Great Fight, London: Collins Clear-type Press, 1916With Cossack And Car In Galicia, London: Collins Clear-type Press, 1917The Last Of The Giants: A Story Of Arctic Canada, London: Thomas Nelson and Sons, 1920Doing His Bit: A Story of the Great War, London: Thomas Nelson and Sons, 1920Bob Blair, Plainsman, London: Sampson Low, Marston & Co., 1924The Heroic Impostor, London: Sampson Low, Marston & Co., 1925The Secret of the Downs, London: Collins Clear-Type Press, 1927

Paragraph 7: Recent studies show that microplasmas can be a very effective method of controlling oral biofilms.  Biofilms (also known as slime) are highly organized, three-dimensional bacterial communities.  Dental plaque is a common example of oral biofilms.  It is the main cause of both tooth decay and periodontal diseases such as Gingivitis and Periodontitis.  At the University of Southern California, Parish Sedghizadeh, Director of the USC Center for Biofilms and Chunqi Jiang, assistant research professor in the Ming Hsieh Department of Electrical Engineering-Electrophysics, work with researchers from Viterbi School of Engineering searching for new ways to fight off these bacterial infections.  Sedghizadeh explained that the biofilms’ slimy matrix acts as extra protection against traditional antibiotics.  However, the centers’ study confirms that biofilms cultivated in the root canal of extracted human teeth can be easily destroyed by the application of microplasma.  The plasma emission microscopy obtained during each experiment suggests that the atomic oxygen produced by the microplasma is responsible for the inactivation of bacteria.  Sedghizadeh then suggested that the oxygen free radicals could disrupt the biofilms cellular membrane and cause them to break down.  According to their ongoing research at USC, Sedghizadeh and Jiang have found that microplasma is not harmful to surrounding healthy tissues and they are confident that microplasma technology will soon become a groundbreaking tool in the medical industry.J.K. Lee along with other scientists in this field have found that microplasma can also be used for teeth bleaching.  This reactive species can effectively bleach teeth along with saline or whitening gels that consist of hydrogen peroxide.  Lee and his colleagues experimented with this method, examining how microplasma along with hydrogen peroxide effects blood stained human teeth.  These scientists took forty extracted single-root, blood stained human teeth and randomly divided them into two groups of twenty.  Group one received 30% hydrogen peroxide activated by microplasma for thirty minutes in a pulp chamber, while group two received 30% hydrogen peroxide alone for thirty minutes in the pulp chamber and the temperature was maintained at thirty seven degrees Celsius for both groups.  After the tests had been performed, they found that microplasma treatment with 30% hydrogen peroxide had a significant effect on the whiteness of the teeth in group one.  Lee and his associates concluded that the application of microplasma along with hydrogen peroxide is an efficient method in the bleaching of stained teeth due to its ability to remove proteins on the surface of teeth and the increased production of hydroxide.

Paragraph 8: During his years in Boston, he formed "Bostonian Friends", a musical partnership with Swiss saxophonist Fritz Renold, which produced jazz recordings ("Starlight" 1996) and classical commissions ("The 6 Cycles" with the Thai Symphony Orchestra 1999, and "Helvetic Suite" 1998). Although having renounced the classical performing circuit for jazz, Jacob has maintained ties with the classical world through projects such as these commissioned works. Renold introduced Jacob to the Swiss Youth Jazz Orchestra, for which he was an arranger and educator throughout the 1990s. From 1992 to 1994, Jacob also served as Director in Residence of the "Orchestre Regional Jazz de Lorraine" in Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle, and composed their inaugural commission.

Paragraph 9: While Marge takes the children on a leisurely Sunday afternoon drive (that the kids don't enjoy), Homer is forced to clean the garage at home. He accidentally gets spiders in his throat, and his neck is almost crushed by the garage door. When his family gets home, a suffocated Homer is saved by CPR by Lisa and Bart (via wrestling). After the incident, Marge insists that the family buy life insurance, but Homer is deemed impossible to insure because of his poor medical history; even boasting that he smokes to impress the consultant, a lie that fails to convince her. After watching a melodramatic "inspired by real-life" made-for-TV film, Marge decides to save money in a very paranoid way by buying imitation brands of cereal and coffee, and convinces Maggie to conserve her pacifier. Homer, however, becomes upset with Marge's petty attitude (especially when she will not let him spend even false money to buy a single beer) and tries to argue with Marge, remarking that he has the right to use at least a part of the money since he brings it home, but she denies his request, retorting that he does nothing in his job. Homer, now angry about Marge's new measures, takes the money she has saved and makes a down payment on a new motor home. After he buys his motor home, Marge tells Homer to enjoy it because she is not speaking to him.

Paragraph 10: Just Adventure described Pilgrim as a "little-known title", noting that by the time of the release of its sequel, The Legend of the Prophet and the Assassin in 1999, Pilgrim had still not been released in North America. It noted that there were three potential culprits for the gaming "gem" suffering lack of recognition: little to no marketing by Arxel Tribe, the publisher not understanding how to sell the product, and the gaming industry simply being apathetic toward adventure games at the time. Game coder Marcin Mierzejewski Zenzire later argued that while the title was a decent success among adventure fans and created a reasonable amount of media buzz, Arxel Tribe used the boom in popularity to promote themselves rather than the game. This meant a "comparatively small number of copies was [sic] printed and therefore sold out almost immediately". SK Online wrote that the game was only a half-hearted success, partly because of the lack of advertising, but also because it had some technical deficiencies when compared to its contemporaries. Clovis of Gameboomers noted that during its rollout, there were "significant delays in delivery". Just Adventure reported that Pilgrim was originally supposed to be included as a bonus feature in the release of The Legend of the Prophet and the Assassin, but that this idea was later abandoned, describing it as "yet another marketing mistake". The article, published between Pilgrims original and re-releases, further explained that while the game was very rare, it could occasionally be found on eBay and the Game Trading Zone. In its review of The Secrets of Alamut in July 2001, Just Adventure wrote that Pilgrim had experienced a "rejuvenation in sales" in the time since it had been listed it in "The Ten Best Games That (Almost) No One Has Ever Played" article. Despite that, in 2002, Tap Repeatedly still lamented that the game had sunk into relative obscurity between its 1998 and 2001 releases. On the contrary, VGDb said the game was a "great success", while Arxel Tribe asserted that their game had been recognised by both players and critics for its originality and being faithful to Coelho's work. Guillaume de Fondaumiere told Game.EXE that the game sold "surprisingly well", and that due to the efforts of Infogrames, 40,000 copies were sold in France alone. Relations Presse asserted that the game received an impressive number of articles in the public press as a result of their public relations stunt at the Ljubljana castle.

Paragraph 11: Assigned to coastal escort and patrol duties on her arrival at Oran, on 2 May, Nields was soon drawn into a submarine chase lasting four days. On 14 May,  was detected in the southwestern Mediterranean by British observation aircraft. Nields, temporarily with Destroyer Division 21, was one of the ships to answer the call. Soon afterward,  dropped the first depth charge pattern. On the morning of the 15th, oil slicks were spotted, but sound contact was lost. Another search plane sighted the submarine, now surfaced, ten miles away and running north toward southern France. The destroyers followed. At 1900 on the 16th, Nields, in a scouting line with  and , left the formation to investigate a negative sound contact. At 2157, all three destroyers made contact. Macomb illuminated the elusive quarry and opened fire. U-616 returned fire and started diving. At 2214, and again at 2231, Macomb attacked with depth charges. At 2335 and again at 2342, sound contacts were regained, but lost at 800 yards. U-616 was deep and maneuvering radically. At 2346, Nields set off an 11- charge pattern; and at 2350 began “creeping attacks”. At 0043 on 17 May, Gleaves, with Nields directing, fired an 18-charge pattern, with deep settings, which surrounded the U-boat. Contact was lost at 0044. Soon after 0100, the three destroyers, having been joined by Ellyson, ,  and , commenced a box patrol, with Nields taking position third from the right end of the scouting line. At 0449, Hambleton reported a sound contact, and, at 0515, commenced firing depth charges. At 0525, she made a second attack. Finally, at 0608, U–616 surfaced and was taken under fire by the surrounding destroyers. Nields, unable to fire without endangering others in the destroyer group, watched the hunted U-boat sink at 0612 and then screened the vessels detailed to pick up the 51 survivors.

Paragraph 12: In February 1980, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) designated three applications seeking channel 45 in Rosenberg for hearing. Trinity Broadcasting of Texas dropped out in 1981, leaving two combatants for the channel. Pueblo Broadcasting, owned by businessmen A.C. Peña and J. Adán Treviño, proposed the construction of Houston's first full-time Spanish-language outlet; previously, KRIV, an English-language independent, had carried some Spanish programming from the Spanish International Network, Univision's predecessor, or adjacent to prime time. The bid had initially been prepared because SIN was interested in a station in the market and had approached local Hispanics to put together an application. The other applicant was Texas 45 Broadcasting, a subsidiary of Chicago-based Weigel Broadcasting.

Paragraph 13: Several rounds of intense severe thunderstorms brought significant damaging winds, very large hail, and several tornadoes primarily across the Southern United States from April 9 into the evening of April 11. April 9 started with several clusters of multi-cells, supercells, and bowing segments across much of the Deep South. Strong straight-line thunderstorm winds in Shreveport, Louisiana toppled a tree onto a mobile home around 6:30 p.m. (23:30 UTC), resulting in a fatality. Several large hail-producing supercells then formed and moved through areas from Oklahoma to North Texas before merging into a large squall line and surging southeastward into Arkansas and Louisiana, producing widespread wind damage. Meanwhile, several tornado-producing supercells formed ahead of the line. A weak EF0 tornado was recorded by several storm spotters near Pelahatchie, Mississippi, causing intermittent tree damage. Just after midnight on April 10, a large EF1 tornado ripped roofs off of sheds and carports and knocked down trees, including some that fell on homes, near Columbia, Mississippi. To the southwest, a low-end EF3 tornado tossed vehicles and damaged or destroyed several homes and mobile homes in the rural community of Waxia near Palmetto, Louisiana just after 2:00 a.m. CDT (07:00 UTC), resulting in one fatality and seven injuries. Later that morning, the squall line produced multiple tornadoes in the Florida Panhandle. A strong tornadic waterspout came onshore in Laguna Beach, Florida, causing severe EF2 damage to a business and damaging several homes. Another tornadic waterspout struck Gulf Lagoon Beach, located at the southeastern edge of the Panama City Beach city limits and caused EF0 damage to beach furniture. In Lynn Haven, an EF1 tornado caused considerable damage to an automotive business. That afternoon, isolated to widely scattered severe storms formed from the Great Lakes to the Carolinas, producing sporadic wind and hail damage as well as isolated tornadoes into the overnight hours. An EF1 tornado also caused damage to businesses and a radio tower, and flipped a car near Seneca, South Carolina. A brief EF0 tornado damaged a few homes near Cutlerville, Michigan, and another EF0 tornado damaged a home near Reidville, South Carolina. Early on April 11, another EF1 tornado caused damage to homes and outbuildings near Belvoir, North Carolina. That afternoon, another squall line pushed southeastward down the entire Florida panhandle, producing mainly wind and hail damage, although a brief EF0 tornado that caused minor tree damage was confirmed near Eagle Lake. Another non-tornadic fatality occurred near Spring Hill when a person got out of their car after it was struck by a fallen tree and was electrocuted when they came in contact with downed power lines. Overall, the outbreak generated 20 tornadoes, resulting in one fatality. Two other non-tornadic deaths also occurred as a result of the severe weather. There was also at least $635 million in damage.

Paragraph 14: In 1833 the Mannheim entrepreneur Ludwig Newhouse came up with a detailed proposal for a railway line linking Mannheim to Basel.   Trade routes up the Rhine valley were already being greatly improved through a massive scheme to channel the Rhine, providing for larger boats and greater reliability in respect of river transport between Switzerland and – via Baden – the Dutch coast and the North Sea.   The railway proposal seemed to provide more questions and answers in terms both of engineering technology and of the necessary legal framework and land rights.   The government in Karlsruhe was not, in the first instance, enthusiastic.    Nevertheless, developments in England and Belgium persuaded governments in the more progressive states of Germany that in an age of rapidly advancing steam power  the beneficial opportunities available from railway technology might become even greater than the challenges.  In  Baden a trusted full time  government official was needed with the appropriate administrative and legislative  education and experience to create a legislative framework within which a railway between Mannheim and Basel might be constructed.   In 1837  Adolf Marschall von Bieberstein was appointed “Regierungsrat” (‘’loosely, “senior government advisor”’’) tasked with drawing up the necessary legislation.   It is not clear whether, at this stage, the government or anyone else was aware of the scale of the task.   By the end of 1838 at least five laws had been passed covering construction, funding and administration of the proposed railway as far as the Swiss frontier at Basel.   The ”Ständeversammlung” (‘’parliament of the Grand Duchy’’) was summoned for an extraordinary (special) session of unprecedented duration, extending from 12 February 1838 till 26 March 1838.   During that time there were four sittings for the upper house and ten for the second chamber,    Marschall von Bieberstein attended the hearings in the second house as “government commissar”.   This extraordinary parliament is also identified as later sources as  “the railway parliament”.   Marschall von Bieberstein remained in post as “Regierungsrat”, contributing leadership and a necessary eye for detail, till 1844, to the early development of  Baden's railways.   The first stretch of the line towards Basel, connecting Mannheim to Heidelberg, was opened in 1840.   By 1845 it had reached as far south as Freiburg.

Paragraph 15: Klecko was drafted by the New York Jets in the sixth round (144th overall) of the 1977 NFL Draft. Despite eight sacks by Klecko, his team went only 3–11 his first season. However, when he and Abdul Salaam were joined by Mark Gastineau and Marty Lyons on the Jets' defensive line, they formed one of the top defensive lines in the NFL, known as the "New York Sack Exchange." The four combined for 66 sacks in 1981, including a league-leading 20.5 by Klecko, to lead the Jets to their first playoff game since 1969. Klecko was honored with his first All-Pro selection. In November 1981, Klecko, Gastineau, Salaam and Lyons were invited to ring the ceremonial opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange, which served as the inspiration for their nickname.

Paragraph 16: DPF filters go through a regeneration process which removes this soot and lowers the filter pressure. There are three types of regeneration: passive, active, and forced. Passive regeneration takes place normally while driving, when engine load and vehicle drive-cycle create temperatures that are high enough to regenerate the soot buildup on the DPF walls. Active regeneration happens while the vehicle is in use, when low engine load and lower exhaust gas temperatures inhibit the naturally occurring passive regeneration. Sensors upstream and downstream of the DPF (or a differential pressure sensor) provide readings that initiate a metered addition of fuel into the exhaust stream. There are two methods to inject fuel, either downstream injection directly into the exhaust stream, downstream of the turbo, or fuel injection into the engine cylinders on the exhaust stroke. This fuel and exhaust gas mixture passes through the Diesel Oxidation Catalyst (DOC) creating temperatures high enough to burn off the accumulated soot. Once the pressure drop across the DPF lowers to a calculated value, the process ends, until the soot accumulation builds up again. This works well for vehicles that drive longer distances with few stops compared to those that perform short trips with many starts and stops. If the filter develops too much pressure then the last type of regeneration must be used - a forced regeneration. This can be accomplished in two ways. The vehicle operator can initiate the regeneration via a dashboard mounted switch. Various signal interlocks, such as park brake applied, transmission in neutral, engine coolant temperature, and an absence of engine related fault codes are required (vary by OEM and application) for this process to initiate. When the soot accumulation reaches a level that is potentially damaging to the engine or the exhaust system, the solution involves a garage using a computer program to run a regeneration of the DPF manually.

Paragraph 17: The best thing that Mr. Stigling remembers of the first time they came here was the freedom and safety whenever he walked in Ennerdale. Visiting friends late at night. you could do so with no problem except that you had to know where you walking, it was dark here in those years, no electricity and you had to watch out for barbed wire fences in the area.  “Hell, only last week I heard of two packers from Shoprite who were robbed on their way back early evening. But in those years, nobody bothered anyone. Even then, the so called gangsters had a certain degree of respect”.

Paragraph 18: The first cars, designated A110, had a 3,460 cc straight-six overhead valve engine but this was soon increased to 3,995 cc with  and the designation then became A125. Initially only a Saloon version on a 9-foot-11¼-inch (3 metres) wheelbase chassis was made, but this was joined by a Limousine version in late 1949 on a stretched 11 ft (3.3 metres) chassis also used for a hearse and an ambulance. At 37 hundredweight (1,850 kg) for the saloon and 2 tons (2,000 kg) for the limousine this was a heavy car, and to maintain performance a low final drive ratio of 4.55:1 with 16-inch tyres was fitted. The saloon version had a top speed of .

Paragraph 19: One morning in the near future, a group of assorted stereotypes awake in a strange town with no memory of who they are or where they came from. Their only clues come from the assorted labels that hold their names (Wade's name badge and Sam's underwear) and a mysteriously creepy voice issuing from their televisions. Over the course of the season, they endure many  trials including an unusual reality show kitchen task, a murder mystery among their group, a secret affair and of course their own strange personalities before they learn the horrifying truth behind the unusual events of the Strangerhood.

Paragraph 20: The founder of IPCB, Debra Harry, offered a rationale for why Indigenous people were discouraged to participate in the Genographic Project. According to Harry, a Northern Paiute Native American and Associate Professor in Indigenous Studies at Nevada University, the Genographic Project resulted in a human genetic testing practice that appeared to mask an ulterior motive rather than mere scientific research. Particularly, the great concern about the possible political interest behind the Genographic Project, motivated the IPCB to preemptively alert the global indigenous community on the “not so altruistic motivations” of the project. Additionally, IPCB argues that the Genographic project not only provides no direct benefit to Indigenous peoples but instead raises considerable risks. Such risks, raised by Harry in an interview released in December 2005, were used to advocate against the indigenous participation in the project. Another comment made by IPCB founder Debra Harry was that the Genographic Project served as a method to discredit kin relations through the possibility that ancestral identities may be invalidated and to deny Indigenous peoples’ access and authority over the resource-rich territories that they had for long inhabited. The IPCB also identified another attempt at biocolonialism in the Genographic Project. The latter involved the high probability of genetic testing results producing errors such as false negatives and positives that lead to the misidentification of Native people as non-Native and vice versa. Another negative consequence expressed by TallBear is the risk that an individual's cultural identity can be conclusively established through biocolonialist projects such as the Genographic Project. Ultimately, TallBear's argument is in close agreement with Harry's concerns regarding the Genographic Project and serves as a significant force motivating IPCB to advocate against Biocolonialism.

Paragraph 21: John Crawford Medcof, operating a company named Railroad Boosters, rented a train for one-day service between Barrie and Toronto on 16 October 1969, earning a profit. He gave the proceeds to the government of Ontario to support a north GO train service promised by John Robarts in late 1969, but asked for the government to return the money when the provincial government announced it would not establish a Richmond Hill line service in 1970. He applied for a grant of  from the federal government to operate a commuter train for twelve weeks, with one train leaving Barrie in the morning for Toronto, and a return trip at night. The grant was approved per the government's local initiatives program in December 1971. The train was operated by Canadian National Railways, and charged the same fares as those for the GO Transit bus service. Another trial commuter service from Barrie to Toronto was operated in late 1972, carrying 13,483 passengers.

Paragraph 22: Florida is home to two-thirds of the Puerto Rican population in the South. Florida is currently home to the fastest-growing Puerto Rican population of any state. Cubans and Puerto Ricans are Florida's largest Hispanic groups, though unlike the Cuban community which is nearly entirely located in the South Florida and Tampa Bay areas, the Puerto Rican population is far more spread-out and is present in large numbers in Central Florida, South Florida, and North Florida, having large populations in the metro areas of Orlando, Tampa, Miami, and Jacksonville, among other cities. South Florida has a large Puerto Rican population centered around the Miami metro area, yet are largely overlooked by Cuban dominance and the overall diversity of the Miami area, with large numbers in Miami, Hollywood, West Palm Beach, Homestead, North Miami, Boynton Beach, Coconut Creek, and Port St. Lucie. The west coast of Florida has significant Puerto Rican populations present in scattered areas, in cities such as, Tampa, St. Petersburg, Pinellas Park, Lakeland, Cape Coral, Lehigh Acres, and Fort Myers. Central Florida has the largest Puerto Rican population of any region in the state and the fastest-growing Puerto Rican population in the country. The Orlando metropolitan area is the center of the Puerto Rican population in Central Florida and there is large populations of Puerto Ricans throughout the region, with the largest populations in Orlando, Kissimmee, Poinciana, Buenaventura Lakes, Azalea Park, Meadow Woods, Pine Hills, Deltona, St. Cloud, Sanford, Apopka, Alafaya, Oak Ridge, Oviedo, Daytona Beach, and Palm Bay. Osceola County is the only county in the country where Puerto Ricans are the largest ancestral group. Puerto Ricans are also the vast majority of Hispanics in Volusia County. The I-4 corridor, extending from Daytona Beach to Tampa, is home to 500,000 Puerto Ricans. The I-4 corridor is politically considered the swing section of the state, yet Puerto Rican growth has created a Democratic registration advantage. Puerto Rican growth in Central Florida has also had a direct impact on the uninterrupted influence Cubans once had. In North Florida, there are significant Puerto Rican populations in Jacksonville, Orange Park, Ocala, Tallahassee, and Gainesville. Though, the most notable growth in North Florida has been in Clay County and the Jacksonville area. Though, the Puerto Rican population may not be as large as other parts of Florida, especially Central Florida, Puerto Ricans often make up the majority of Hispanics in many North Florida cities, due to lower percentages of Hispanics in North Florida.

Paragraph 23: The sitcom had Midler playing herself – a "divine celebrity" who is adored by her fans. To apply some ambiguity, neither Bette's last name nor that of her on-screen family's was used, to create the offset that there was some difference between the star's real-life and TV persona. There were several similarities to Midler's actual career through the show's run, as the character of Bette had – and directly performed – many of the real-life Midler's past hit songs and achievements. The core of the stories focused on Bette's personal life in her luxurious Los Angeles home. Her husband of nearly 20 years, Roy (Kevin Dunn, eps. 1–12; Robert Hays, eps. 16–18) was an earnest college history professor, and their 13-year-old daughter, Rose (Lindsay Lohan, pilot episode; Marina Malota, eps. 2–18) was bright, active, and not the least bit fazed by her mother's celebrity. Embarking with Bette on her long, wild journey around showbiz was her hardworking best friend and manager Connie Randolph (Joanna Gleason). Refined Englishman Oscar (James Dreyfus) was Bette's veteran musical director/accompanist, who had an obsession with tabloid media and was always on the lookout for new, strange exploitations of Bette. During the series' run, slightly fictional Bette recorded a new album, engaged in hijinks at awards shows, won a Grammy, made guest roles on series such as JAG and Family Law (a cross promotion by CBS), and starred in a TV Halloween special with Dolly Parton (who appeared as herself and was said to be a longtime friend of the Bette character; Parton and Midler are friends in real life). Other stories were out of the spotlight and closer to home; in one, Bette volunteered at Rose's school with surprising results, and in another, flashbacks were shown depicting the first time Bette met Connie, Roy, and Oscar (in that order), along with one featuring the birth of Rose.

Paragraph 24: In the middle of the gardens is the Bara Gumbad ("Big Dome"), it consists of a large rubble-construct dome and is not a tomb but was constructed as a gateway to either the attached three domed masjid (mosque) or a large walled enclosure. Both the Bara Gumbad and the mosque were built in 1494 during the reign of Sikander Lodi, there is also a residence surrounding a central courtyard, where the remains of a water tank can be seen. Opposite the Bara Gumbad is the Shisha Gumbad ("mirror dome") for the glazed tiles used in its construction, which contains graves, whose occupants are not clearly identifiable (either an unknown family of Sikandar Lodi's court or Bahlul Lodi).

Paragraph 25: Rockefeller's first foray into elective politics came when he won a narrow victory over Arkansas State Senator Charlie Cole Chaffin, the first woman elected to serve in the Arkansas State Senate and the 1994 nominee for Lieutenant Governor. The November 1996 special election was necessitated by the resignation of Governor Jim Guy Tucker and the elevation of Lieutenant Governor Mike Huckabee to the Governorship. Rockefeller was subsequently re-elected in 1998 to a full four-year term with 67 percent of the vote, over physician Dr. Kurt Dilday. This margin far greater than the vote received by his father in the 1966 and 1968 gubernatorial elections. Rockefeller was elected once again in 2002 with 60 percent of the vote, over Arkansas State Supreme Court Justice Ron Sheffield, the first African-American nominated for statewide office as a Democrat.

Paragraph 26: From the late 19th century, there had been proposals to build a bridge across the Tagus. In 1929, the idea advanced when the Portuguese engineer and entrepreneur, António Bello, requested a government concession for a railway crossing between Lisbon and Montijo (where the Vasco da Gama Bridge, the second bridge serving Lisbon, was later built in 1998). As a result, the Minister of Public Works, Duarte Pacheco, created a commission in 1933 to analyse the request. The commission reported in 1934, and proposed building a road and rail bridge. Bids were obtained, but the proposal was subsequently put aside in favor of a bridge crossing the river at Vila Franca de Xira,  north of Lisbon.

Paragraph 27: On January 20, 2018, OPPD Officer Clayton Jennison shot and killed 17-year-old John Albers while he was investigating a call in which Albers was threatening to commit suicide. Friends of Albers, who were concerned about his health and safety, called 911 to report that John was threatening to harm himself. When the officers arrived, they waited outside of the house for a few minutes before waiting for other officers before approaching. Officer Jennison parked down the street, walked up to the house, walked in the front yard, and was approaching the garage door when it began to open. John had opened the garage and was backing out of his garage in his mom's Honda Odyssey minivan when Officer Jennison felt that his life was in danger and fired two rounds from his department-issued sidearm. However, the van then did a 180-degree turn somewhat in reverse, and then Officer Jennison fired 11 more rounds, having fired 13 rounds total. The van then rolled down the driveway and into the street before stopping across the street in another house's front yard. Officers then approached the van to give aid to John following the shooting, but the injuries would prove to be fatal. John Albers was declared dead on the scene and had been shot multiple times by Officer Jennison. Officer Jennison would be cleared in the shooting by the Johnson County District Attorney, Steve Howe, who said the officer acted within Kansas Law when he opened fire. Officer Jennison, however, would leave the department following a payout that was negotiated for an $81,040 buyout, which included $70,000 for severance pay and an additional $11,040 for his regular salary. Following the shooting, the OPPD updated their policy in regards to firing at moving vehicles in order to hopefully prevent a similar incident from happening again. John's mother, Sheila Albers, filed a federal lawsuit following the shooting, which was settled with the city in 2019 for $2.3 million. The FBI also started an investigation into the shooting. OPPD Chief Frank Donchez has also been criticized by Sheila Albers due to his handling of the incident, which she claims involved him protecting "bad policing" and that he had "misled the public". However, following an investigation by the Kansas Commission on Police Officers Standards and Training (CPOST), Sheila Albers was told that no action would be taken against Chief Donchez. Sheila Albers has called it "shameful" that no action was taken against Donchez. In April 2021, the city of Overland Park released a 500-page document which showed pictures of evidence, crime scene, dashcam, and more information in regards to the shooting of John Albers.

Paragraph 28: Rebecca Harding Davis's literary style is most commonly labeled as realism. However, her literary works mark a transition from romanticism to literary realism, so they combine elements of Sentimentalism, Romanticism, Realism, and Naturalism. For instance, "Life on the Iron Mills" uses sentimental elements such as a narrator who directly addresses the well defined reader, a didactic purpose, and characters in extreme situations for the purpose of emotionally stirring the reader to action.  The short story also uses Romantic elements such as a statue symbolizing a spiritually hungry woman and owned by the narrator, reminiscent of the relic found in the custom house by the narrator of Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter.  And it uses a realistic style with journalistic specificity and characters typical of their social class and speaking in its vernacular, comparable to that of writers in the height of American literary realism, which came two decades after the text was published. Although realism is the genre most prominently attached to Davis's collective works, naturalism is also prevalent in her writing style. Naturalism is thematically linked to realism. Where realists, like Davis, endeavor to depict reality, naturalists expand on that reality by approaching the scientific and or psychological influences on characters due to their environments. In Life in the Iron Mills, the two genres are blended to create a realistic depiction of the everyday life of iron mill worker Hugh Wolfe, as well as illustrate the effects of that environment upon him. 

Paragraph 29: Having graduated B.A. in 1654 he was transferred to Pembroke Hall on 13 March 1656, and graduated M.A. in 1658. His son states that he became a fellow of Pembroke, but this is not confirmed by the records. Hoard died in February 1658, and Calamy was presented by the trustees of the deceased Robert Rich, 3rd Earl of Warwick, to the rectory of Moreton, where he had preached for some time with acceptance. On 20 April 1659 the presentation was confirmed by the commissioners for approbation of public preachers. He gave four bonds to insure the payment as first-fruits to Richard Cromwell, lord protector, or his successors. Notwithstanding his father's example he never took the covenant. Like his father, he welcomed the restoration of the monarchy, and in 1661 he gave generously to the voluntary contribution for the supply of the king's exchequer. But on the passing of the Uniformity Act of 1662 he suffered ejection as a nonconformist, and went to live with his father in London. In 1665 he was chaplain to Sir Samuel Barnardiston, at Brightwell Hall, near Ipswich, but returned to his father in the following year, and was with him till his death. Three years afterwards he married (1669) and set up house in the parish of St. Mary Aldermanbury. Here he preached privately to a few friends. This was illegal, and exposed him to the annoyance and costs of a crown office prosecution. Though warrants were issued against him, he was never disturbed at his services, and managed to avoid arrest. On the king's declaration of indulgence, 15 March 1672, he took out a license and quietly ministered to a small congregation at Curriers' Hall, near Cripplegate. His character was essentially that of a man of peace and piety. His son tells us that he instilled moderation into him from his very cradle. With his brother Benjamin Calamy, who became incumbent of the parish in which he lived, he was on excellent terms, and among his intimate friends was Richard Kidder, afterwards bishop of Bath and Wells (originally a nonconformist). He led a very retired life, never seeking fame or popularity, and was carried off by consumption. He died suddenly in the night, while on a visit in May 1685 to the astronomer Edward Haynes, of Totteridge, near Barnet, a member of his flock. He was buried under the pulpit at St. Mary Aldermanbury.

Paragraph 30: The Mixtecan branch includes the many different, mutually unintelligible varieties of Mixtec spoken by about 511,000 people as well as the Trique (or Triqui) languages, spoken by about 24,500 people and Cuicatec, spoken by about 15,000 people. The Mixtecan languages are traditionally spoken in the region known as La Mixteca, which is shared by the states of Oaxaca, Puebla and Guerrero. Because of migration from this region the Mixtecan languages have expanded to Mexico's main urban areas, particularly the State of México and the Federal District, to certain agricultural areas such as the San Quintín valley in Baja California and parts of Morelos and Sonora, and even into the United States. The Mixtec language is a complex set of regional varieties, many of which are not mutually intelligible. The varieties of Mixtec are sometimes grouped by geographic area, using designations such as those of the Mixteca Alta, the Mixteca Baja, and the Mixteca de la Costa. However, the dialects do not actually follow the geographic areas, and the precise historical relationships between the different varieties have not been worked out. The number of varieties of Mixtec depends in part on what the criteria are for grouping them, of course; at one extreme, government agencies once recognized no dialectal diversity. Mutual intelligibility surveys and local literacy programs have led SIL International to identify more than 50 varieties which have been assigned distinct ISO codes.