Paragraph 1: To maintain a user-friendly UI despite the amount of icons, The One states that "the team is optimising the distance between the icons so that the most used should be closest to the edge of the screen and it should take the smallest amount of time possible to move from item to item." Molyneux cites work on previous Bullfrog titles as learning experiences that contribute to design choices made in Populous II, stating that "Flood taught us how to draw quickly onto the screen ... Powermonger taught us about databases and design and Populous taught us how to program". The initial graphics for Populous II were created by Molyneux, but was then taken over by graphic artists Gary Carr and Paul McLoughlin. Populous II's backgrounds and sprites were created using DPaint 3 and a custom-built graphic editor created by Glenn Corpes - this custom editor allows the artists to test sprites in the game without the need to continually change the game's code. Populous II's music and sound effects were added late in development - initially Charles Callet, the composer for Powermonger was to do the soundtrack, but this was changed due to 'unreliability', and another factor in the delay was Molyneux's self-professed 'perfectionism'; he states that "We want the music and sound effects to be a really big part of the game. I think that, in general, game music is underplayed ... What we're going to try to do with the in-game music for Populous II is make it more informative, so as the action starts speeding up, the music starts changing tempo with it." At this stage in development, Populous II was stated to run at 17 frames per second, with Molyneux purporting that "a game that would have taken 20 minutes in the original would now take something like 20 seconds! We'll have to slow it down."

Paragraph 2: The San Diego Chargers got out to a fast start from Darren Sproles' 89-yard opening kickoff return for a touchdown. After a later field goal, Sproles would follow up with a 45-yard punt return for a touchdown in the first quarter. He became only the second player in NFL history, and first since 1958, to return a kickoff and a punt for touchdowns in the opening quarter. San Diego failed on the subsequent two-point conversion to lead 16–0. With 8:47 left in the second quarter, LaDainian Tomlinson rushed for a four-yard touchdown to give the Chargers a 23–0 advantage. Peyton Manning would lead the Colts down the field and capped the drive with an 8-yard TD pass to receiver Reggie Wayne. Later, in the fourth quarter, Manning threw a 7-yard score to running back Kenton Keith. Twenty-five seconds later, linebacker Gary Brackett recovered a fumble in the endzone for a touchdown. The Colts attempted a rush for the two-point conversion to tie the game 23–23, but were held short. With a 23–21 lead, the Colts got the ball back with only a few minutes left in the game. They marched down the field into San Diego territory. On fourth down with 1:31 remaining, Adam Vinatieri was put in for a 29-yard field goal try. Vinatieri, despite being known for his clutch kicks and having over a 95% success rate in field goals under 30 yards, missed wide to the right. Vinatieri missed an earlier 42 yard try at the end of the half, going 0–2 in the game. It was the first time since 2001 Vinatieri was 0–2 kicking field goals. The Colts would get the ball back, but Manning would seal a Chargers win by throwing an interception with no time remaining. Manning struggled in the game, throwing a career-high 6 interceptions. The mark is also a Colts franchise record. Chargers cornerback Antonio Cromartie had three interceptions in the game, becoming one of only 11 Chargers to have three picks in a single game. The Colts were heavily injured on both sides of the ball. Receivers Marvin Harrison and Anthony Gonzalez, left tackle Tony Ugoh, and tight end Dallas Clark missed the game. In perhaps the biggest blow to the Colts, Dwight Freeney injured his left foot and was carted off the field. Three days later, it was confirmed that Freeney had suffered a season-ending Lisfranc fracture. By the end of the game, a total of nine Colts on their 53-man roster either did not play due to injury or were injured in the game. The Colts dropped to 7–2, remaining in first place in the AFC South division. Meanwhile, the Chargers moved to 5–4 and clear first in the AFC West.

Paragraph 3:  Noah van Helsing appears in Marvel Anime: Blade voiced by Osamu Saka in the Japanese version and by Troy Baker in the English dub. In a flashback, it was shown that Noah van Helsing had his first encounter with Blade after he helped him save a girl from Baron Howard and his fellow vampires. The next day, Noah van Helsing discovered that Blade wasn't harmed by sunlight. Noah mentioned to Blade that he is a vampire hunter as Blade revealed that he has been having blood cravings. Blade mentioned that he has been looking for a vampire with four fangs. Noah van Helsing revealed a prototype of the Retro Virus made from the ashes of vampires which causes anyone in his experiments to turn to ashes. Noah decided to test the Retro Virus on Blade since his human DNA had found a way to co-exist with his vampire DNA. Noah stated that if it worked on Blade, he will have to decide what he would do with his second chance at life. The next day, it is shown that Blade had survived the Retro Virus with no blood cravings. Blade then asked for Noah van Helsing to train him how to fight vampires. In the present, Blade runs into Noah van Helsing and his dog Razor as Noah tells him that Deacon Frost is in the Philippines. They take a boat operated by Captain MacRae in order to get to the Philippines. When Makoto tries to attack Blade, Noah manages to knock down Makoto as Razor licks Makoto. Noah passes Makoto off as a boy. While on the ride to the Philippines, Noah gives Blade a medicine that would help with his condition. Later that night, Makoto tries to slay Blade in his sleep only for Blade to awaken and Noah to remove Makoto from the room. Noah explains to Makoto that Blade is a daywalker vampire and recaps his history with Blade. After Makoto learned of Blade's history, the boat is then attacked by a flock of Mandurugos led by Matthes. Although Blade fends of Matthes causing the Mandurugos to retreat, one of the Mandurugos snatches Noah at the last minute as Blade tells Captain MacRae to continue the course to the Philippines. Noah is then seen tied up in Matthes' mansion when Matthes gets word that Blade is at the slave ship docks. While Matthes leads the Mandurugos to go attack Blade, Makoto and Razor raid Matthes' mansion and rescues Noah. The next morning, Noah van Helsing thanks Blade for saving him and states that he is getting too old for vampire hunting. Noah tells Blade that he heard Matthes stating in a conversation that Deacon Frost has an underground hideout on a remote island. Noah tells Makoto to take Razor and help Blade fight Deacon Frost. In "Eternal Apocalypse," it was revealed that Noah van Helsing was friends with a swordmaster named Tanba Yagyu who trained Blade and the mutant Kikyo Mikage in sword combat. In "Partner," Noah van Helsing arrived in Cambodia to rescue Blade from the Existence facility that Blade is held in. When he finds that Makoto has been bitten by Deacon Frost, Noah stated that he didn't make it in time. After Makoto dies, Noah van Helsing accompanies Blade to the vampire city of Armarot (which is hidden deep within the Golden Triangle) in order to defeat Deacon Frost once and for all. During the battle, Noah van Helsing surveys the battlefield as he detonates the Existence's arsenal. Noah van Helsing and Razor then fight their way towards the blood source as he is targeted by the Mandurugos and the Manananggals until Razor saves him. Noah van Helsing then drops the water used by Agus into Armarot's blood supplies. Following the death of Deacon Frost and the destruction of Armarot, Noah van Helsing tells a truck driver that there is no sign of Blade. Razor barks at Blade's arrival as Noah van Helsing tells Blade that he knew Blade would come through. When Noah van Helsing asks Blade what he'll be doing now that Deacon Frost is gone, Blade vows to continue his quest of exterminating every vampire in the world.

Paragraph 4: While traveling in the canyon Demerille and Wanda meet Dorothy Deerfield (Lewis), a Life magazine photographer. Dorothy and Demerille try to get better acquainted after dinner in her tent, but jealous Wanda intrudes. They discuss their pasts, with Dorothy's husband and Wanda's father both killed during military service. Demerille tries to be nice but comes off as insensitive, and he and Wanda leave camp in the morning. They find a rope ladder over the canyon's side to a small cave. Before going down, Wanda confesses to Demerille that she loves him. He holds the rope as she rappels down the rock wall. An owl flies out at her and Wanda falls, but Demerille pulls her back up only to find that she is unconscious. He sits cradling Wanda and says he loves her, too. Demerille then explores the cave himself and finds gold. He returns to find Wanda awake and shows her a large gold piece. While mining the next day, Strap and Ruby finally catch up to them. Wanda and Demerille return to camp with four bags of gold only to find their mules gone. They throw the bags into the canyon in case someone is watching, then start walking. Strap and Ruby hold them at gunpoint and demand the gold, but Wanda insists there was none. A shootout leaves everyone unharmed. Strap and Ruby run off, and Demerille and Wanda seek shelter for the night. The following morning they find Strap and Ruby crucified in the desert. Wanda finds the mined gold scattered nearby. They pack it up and head down to the shore, where a boat is buried in the sand. After docking downstream, Demerille counts the gold as Wanda sleeps. The owl from the cave appears and an arrow is shot from the distance into Demerille's chest. Demerille, seemingly mortally wounded, pushes the boat into the river and passes out. Wanda wakes up the next morning as the boat is afloat in the river and finds Demerille near the edge of death, he professes his love for Wanda and passes out.

Paragraph 5: It is made by stirring chickpea flour into a mixture of water and olive oil to form a loose batter, pouring it into a pan to make a pancake typically 4mm thick, and baking it for a few minutes, traditionally in an open oven in a tin-plated copper baking-pan. Farinata may be seasoned with fresh rosemary, pepper and sea salt. Traditionally farinata is cut into irregularly shaped triangular slices, and eaten (with no toppings) on small plates with optional black pepper. Elsewhere in Italy - traditionally in Tuscany, where it is called cecina (from the Italian word for chickpea, ceci) - it is served stuffed into small focaccia (mainly in Pisa) or between two slices of bread, as it is traditional in Livorno. It is sold in pizzerias and bakeries.

Paragraph 6: When the comic began, figures were posed against props and backgrounds, with word balloons added after photos were taken. As the comic progressed, more advanced techniques were used to improve the quality of the comic. The figures are now shot against a white background, then superimposed with Bluescreen technology over a different background such as a sprawling cityscape. Special effects like Dutch angles, explosions, motion blurs, and Wild Takes have also been added to give a more cinematic and dramatic look. While many of the figures are articulated, McGuinness must use photoshop techniques in order to bring many of the characters to life, such as the figurines for Shin-Goji and the Toxic Pirates, which have no articulation at all.

Paragraph 7: In 1547, the Ottomans raided the province and captured Batumi. Liberated by Prince Rostom Gurieli of Guria in 1564, the region fell under Turkish rule again in 1582. In 1609, Prince Mamia Gurieli temporarily relieved Batumi. However, Guria lost the province to the Ottomans in 1614. The area was divided into two sandjaks and submitted to the Pasha of Childir (Akhaltsikhe). Some Adjarians fled to other Georgian regions. Those who remained were converted to Islam. The Ottomans had little direct control of Adjara and local Muslim Georgian nobility, such as the Khimshiashvili, ruled as semi-autonomous beys until the Ottoman government's centralizing reforms tanzimat eliminated them and brought the region more closely into the empire by 1850. There was opposition to the tanzimat efforts from both nobility, who resented the loss of their privileges, and peasantry, who opposed newly allocated taxes and conscription into the regular Ottoman army. In the 1840s, the Porte had to commit significant forces from the neighboring pashaliks to suppress a rebellion staged by Kor-Hussein Bey (Khimshiashvili). Kor-Hussein Bey rose in revolt in 1840, 1844, and 1846; each time he was defeated and eventually sent as a prisoner to Constantinople. Among the rebels was Hasan Hasbi, sent, in 1845, by the Caucasian Imam Shamil in Adjara to recruit volunteers for his struggle against Russian encroachment in Dagestan. After the suppression of the Adjarian uprising, he managed to escape.

Paragraph 8: Asked recently by the Sunday Times if he had ever been "hard up" he responded "No. When I got pocket money as a young boy, I would save it. Apart from a blip when I was first in business, I've always had money. From the age of 16, I worked as a milkman in my holidays and saved to buy my first car, a Mini van". In the same article, Davies was asked if he was better off than his parents had been. "Financially, I am. But "better off" should be measured by more than finance. My parents were an amazingly happy couple and never wanted for anything. My father was the manager of a sausage factory and my mother bought and ran a post office in her fifties".

Paragraph 9: John George Wood was born in London, son of the surgeon John Freeman Wood and his German-born wife Juliana Lisetta Arntz. His parents moved with him to Oxford the following year, and he was educated at home, at Ashbourne Grammar School and Merton College, Oxford (B.A., 1848, M.A., 1851), and then at Christ Church, where he worked for some time in the anatomical museum under Sir Henry Acland. In 1852 he became curate of the parish of St Thomas the Martyr, Oxford, and in 1854 was ordained priest; he also took up the post of chaplain to the Boatmen's Floating Chapel at Oxford. Among other benefices which he held, he was for a time chaplain to St. Bartholomew's Hospital. In 1878 Wood settled in Upper Norwood, where he lived until his death.

Paragraph 10: Gimblett's status as one of the coming men of English cricket was confirmed by his selection on the Players' side for the Gentlemen v Players match at Lord's, one of the centrepieces of the English cricket season. He was not a success, making just three and one. But he retained his place in the England team for the second Test at Old Trafford, opening this time with the Kent batsman Arthur Fagg, who was making his Test debut. This time, Gimblett failed, making just nine in England's single innings. The carrot at the end of the 1936 season was selection for the MCC team to tour Australia and New Zealand in the 1936–37 season; the side was picked in early August, and Gimblett was not named in it, the young opening batsmen selected being Fagg and Charles Barnett, who replaced Gimblett for the third and final Test match against India. In fact, Gimblett's form for the second half of the 1936 season was patchy, and from the high of averaging 200 with the bat in May he ended up at the end of the season with an aggregate of 1608 runs at an average of 32.81, half a dozen runs per innings less than both Fagg and Barnett. Wisden noted that he had achieved "nothing of note" in important matches apart from his "dashing" 67 in his first Test. It went on: "As his slip-fielding fell rather below international standard, it became abundantly clear that he could not yet be labelled an England player." And it repeated criticism of a year before about lack of discretion: "Using the horizontal bat with a great amount of freedom, he frequently fell, through lack of discrimination in selecting the right ball to hit, to catches on the leg-side. Still, most of his faults were due to inexperience, and as he is only 22 years of age his career will be watched with interest beyond the confines of his own county."

Paragraph 11: The U.S. Navy and Marine Corps Parachutist badge was originally known as the U.S. Navy Certified Parachute Rigger badge and designed by American Insignia Company in 1942 for graduates of the U.S. Navy Parachute Rigger School. During WWII, despite being against uniform regulations it became common for U.S. Marine Corps paratroopers who were issued the silver U.S. Military Parachutist Badge to wear the gold Navy Certified Parachute Rigger badge because they believed the gold "Rigger wings" looked better on their uniform. This out of regulations wearing of the Parachute Rigger badge became so common that in July 1963, the Commander of United States Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance Bruce F. Meyers sent a request to the Chief of Naval Operations Admiral George W. Anderson Jr. via Marine Corps Commandant General David M. Shoup requesting to officially make the Navy Parachute Rigger badge the parachutist badge for the Navy and Marine Corps. The request was approved by Admiral Anderson on 12 July 1963 per BuPers Notice 1020. Originally the badge was worn upon graduation from Navy PR school, but since 1963 being a certified parachute rigger, survival equipmentman, and graduate of the U.S. Navy Parachute Rigger is no longer a requirement to earn the badge. Currently, the Navy and Marine Corps Parachutist Insignia only requires the completion of the minimum five additional jumps in a jump billet, but service members can request to attend Navy Parachute Rigger School for further training and specialized occupational duties such as Special Operations Parachute Rigger (SOPR) who work within Navy SEAL teams and Naval Special Warfare and explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) units throughout the world.

Paragraph 12: thumb|left| The Bf 110 was a twin-engine heavy fighter ('Zerstörer' - German for 'Destroyer'). The one which crashed in Meads on 16 August 1940 (A2 + GL) was the first enemy aircraft to be brought down in the County Borough of Eastbourne. At about 5.30 pm on Friday 16 August 1940, the first German aircraft to be brought down within what was then the County Borough of Eastbourne crashed in Meads.  A Messerschmitt Bf 110 of the Luftwaffe unit known as ZG 2 had left the former French aerodrome at Guyancourt as part of an escort for bombers raiding RAF airfields at Feltham, Heston and Heathrow.  Over the South Downs, the Messerschmitt was engaged by a British fighter – almost certainly the Hurricane flown by Pilot Officer H N E Salmon of No. 1 Squadron. The German aircraft broke up in the air, and the pilot, Hauptmann Ernst Hollekamp, was killed when he fell on the roof of Hill Brow School in Gaudick Road, his parachute unopened. Part of the nose fell onto the Royal Eastbourne golf course, close to the end of Gaudick Road.  The rear gunner, Feldwebel Richard Schurk, came down in the sea off Holywell and was drowned.  The bulk of the aircraft crashed in the grounds of Aldro School in Darley Road — the wreckage was incorrectly identified in the local press as being that of a Heinkel He 111.  At the same time, a lorry was hit in Hampden Park by a bomb which had probably been jettisoned by one of the German bombers returning from the raid on RAF airfields.  Three Council workmen were killed – two instantly, the other dying the following day from burns.

Paragraph 13: The three archivolts are garrisoned by reliefs of seraphim on the inside, thurifer angels in the middle, and scenes of the resurrection of the deads on the outside. The tympanum, divided into two parts, representing the Last Judgment. On the lintel justly above the door appears a long scene in relief chaired by Archangel Michael with a scale weighing the souls; around him, to the left, a demon trying to unlevel in their favor the weight of the sins as well as those convicted who are driven to Hell, and, to the right, a little house with the open door representing the entrance to paradise, where are already nobles, a king, a queen, a monk with hood and a Franciscan friar, the blessed. This motif of psicostasis is an iconographic heritage of the Romanesque art. At the top of the tympanum appears another motif common to the Romanesque, the Deesis, with Christ enthroned as universal judge, with arms raised, showing the wounded of the side and flanked by the Virgin and St. John imploring mercy for souls of the poor. At the apex of the tympanum, on a cloud, and angels bearing the insignia of the Passion. The attempts at drama and grimacing expression that show various images of this facade away of the full French classicism and put in relation to a more naturalistic trend of clear Hispanic flavor.

Paragraph 14: The condo unit owner and the building's developer may be liable for negligence that resulted in a gas leak that led to the May 31 deadly explosion at Two Serendra condominium in Taguig, Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas said Thursday. Citing the findings of the inter-agency task force and foreign experts that looked into the incident, Roxas said the leak in Unit 501-B was caused by the "unauthorized movement of the gas range (which) caused a detachment of the gas supply hose." The explosion occurred when the leak was ignited by a light switch, he said. The tenant, one of four people who died as a result of the blast, was not alerted of the leakage because the "vaporized" LPG used in Serendra's pipeline system was odorless, Roxas added. That attitude of the Ayala Land developer and the cooking-gas supplier led to the blast that killed four people at the residential block Two Serendra in Taguig on May 31, Interior Secretary Mar Roxas said on Thursday. The Ayala-owned Serendra Inc., in a statement issued Thursday, said that it had taken note of the findings of the interagency task force that investigated the explosion and that it remained “confident that government regulations and standards have been complied within the design and operation of Serendra.” Serendra Inc. promised to work with the government for the improvement of those standards and adhere to any changes in regulations. “Once again, we wish to express our regret over the incident. The conclusion of the IATF investigation will allow us to expedite the conduct of repairs and restoration of the damaged building so the affected residents can return to their units as the soonest possible time,” the company said. An explosion ripped through an apartment on the fifth floor of Two Serendra at 8:30 p.m. on May 31, blowing off an entire wall and sending it flying across the road below. The wall crashed on a passing delivery van of a prominent chain of appliance stores, killing the vehicle’s three occupants. Five others, including an American and a 9-year-old child, were injured. Angelito San Juan, the renter of the apartment who was vacationing from the United States, suffered serious burns and died in hospital a month later. The government investigation by the task force, led by Roxas, began on June 1. to continue, especially in this kind of sensitive matter [involving] the vaporized distribution system of gas,” Roxas said, as he presented the final findings of the task force at a news conference in Camp Crame on Thursday. Roxas reiterated the previous finding of the task force that the blast that destroyed Unit 501-B in Two Serendra was not caused by a bomb, but by liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) that leaked from the main gas supply line of the building. Justice for victims Roxas said the task force identified the possible liabilities in the explosion of Makati Development Corp. (MDC), the property developer of Two Serendra, and Bonifacio Gas Corp. (BGC), the supplier of LPG to the building. Both companies belong to the Ayala Corporation. Also facing possible charges are the owner and caretaker of Unit 501-B, officials of RM Larido Construction Services, which renovated the apartment, and Two Serendra Inc. Gas range moved Citing the final task force report, Roxas said investigators discovered that the workers of RM Larido Construction Services, with the consent of the owner, Marianne Cayton-Castillo, moved the gas range in Unit 501-B by 22.9 centimeters from its original position when they renovated the apartment. Roxas said the paint drippings on the hose of the gas range, which connects it to the main gas line, showed that the hose was lying on the floor when the explosion happened.

Paragraph 15: Paul Rhymer had intended to introduce Rush by having Sade give birth to an 8-year-old boy, but the sponsor objected. On July 8, 1932 Vic and Sade discussed the plight of 9-year-old Rush Meadows, who was the son of one of Sade's school friends. On July 15th Rush arrived, and soon listeners forgot that the boy had been adopted by the Gooks. Rush's favorite activities were playing baseball (and football) in Tatman's vacant lot, watching the fat men play handball down at the YMCA, taking in the moving picture show at the Bijou Theatre (pronounced, "BY-JOE"), and reading about the adventures of Third Lieutenant Clinton Stanley. Rush and Russell had the same friends, but they differed in character: Rush was the schemer who was always looking for ways to make a quick buck and had an angle on everything; doing homework, and especially algebra, was not high on his priority list. Russell enjoyed and did well in school (but sometimes spoke with imperfect grammar) despite the fact he was more the dreamer, the naive young romantic; he was always willing to lend a hand no matter how impractical his outlook was; it follows then that chores around the house were not something he excelled at. Some scripts featuring Rush were recycled to feature Russell, such as "Working on Hank Gutstop's Debts", "Sleepers Beware", and "Mr. Chinbunny Wants to Smoke Cigars". However, "Rush Tenders His Resignations" involved Rush's scheme to make it well known among his school's faculty that he was resigning from clubs he had belonged to, ostensibly to focus on academics, in order that they would reward his new resolve with better grades; "Russell Tenders His Resignations" is less in character. Sade's usual nickname for Rush/Russell was "Willie" (based upon Bill Idleson's actual name?) and Vic might make a nickname out of another boy's name (e.g. "Roscoe"), a girl's name (e.g. "Margaret", or "Margorie"), or a compound noun (e.g. "Brain-Fog" or "Stove-Poker," with "White-House"used in "Christmas Suggestions for the Boss" on 26 November 1943being the actual surname of the actor portraying Russell).

Paragraph 16: The metal used in die-casting is either a lead alloy (used early on), or more commonly, Zamak (called Mazak in the UK), an alloy of zinc with small quantities of aluminium and copper. Lead or iron are impurities that must be carefully avoided in Zamac, as they give rise to a deterioration of the metal most commonly called zinc pest. The terms white metal or pot metal are also used when applied to alloys based more on lead or iron. The most common die-cast vehicles are scale models of automobiles, aircraft, military vehicles, construction equipment, and trains, although almost anything can be produced by this method, like Monopoly game pieces, furniture handles, or metal garden sprinklers.

Paragraph 17: During a presentation of his work on non-volatile memory for the NCR Microelectronics at an IEEE workshop, he was approached by Intel and in 1979 joined Intel as engineer, where he worked with the non-volatile memory team and was one of the co-inventor of Intel's first flash memory (ETOX). He later moved to the micro-processor division where he honed his skills for leading the Pentium project by working on two earlier generations of micro-processors—Intel's 386 and 486—in various capacities. In the 1980s, PCs had become mainstream tools for productivity enhancement at the workplace. By the time he started the Pentium project, many established and new players, including AIM consortium (led by Apple, IBM and Motorola) and ACE (Advanced Computing Environment) consortium formed in 1991 and led by Compaq, Microsoft, DEC, and MIPS Technologies, and a consortium by Sun Microsystems (which comprised Sun, Fujitsu, Philips, Tatung and Amdahl) using superior RISC (Reduced Instruction Set Computing) had all begun aggressively working on their big idea for PC industry and these projects seriously threatened Intel's dominance in segment. Dham believes that Intel's ability to 'focus and execute' while maintaining full compatibility of the application with its previous generation micro-processors was the key reason for its success over dozens of these big competitors. In a Business Week cover story on Intel's new processors, Dham was quoted as General Manager of the 586 processor group (586 was the internal name for the project until it was named 'Pentium' at launch).

Paragraph 18: In the ensuing evacuation, Moody helped in the loading of Lifeboats No. 9, 12, 13, 14, and 16. While loading No. 16, Moody ordered stewardess Violet Jessop into the boat. She described Moody as looking "weary and tired". Even so, he gave them a cheery smile, as he called out, "Good luck!", as he guided her and her cabin-mate into the boat; Moody then hailed her and gave her a baby to look after, saying, "Look after this, will you?". Moody then ordered the boat lowered away. While loading No. 14, Fifth Officer Lowe remarked that an officer should man the lifeboat. When Lowe asked Moody who it was to be—him or Moody—Moody insisted that Lowe should get onto the boat and that he would get on another one, saying "You go; I will get in another boat." Moody went to the starboard side and assisted Reginald Lee, who was Fleet's fellow lookout, in loading lifeboat No. 13, before ordering him to man it. 12-year-old Second Class passenger Ruth Becker was placed in this boat by Moody after being prevented from entering the heavily overloaded lifeboat number 11 which her mother and two siblings had boarded. Moody was last seen by the ship's lamp trimmer, Samuel Hemming, on top of the officers' quarters helping to lower Collapsible A, an emergency lifeboat, just before the ship began its final plunge. Hemming helped untangle the falls, and passed the block up to the roof. Moody called back down, "We don't want the block. We will leave the boat on deck." Collapsible Boat A reached the deck and was being attached to the falls when it was washed off Titanic by the wave washing over the boat deck. Lightoller, who was also on top of the quarters clearing away the collapsible boat on the port side, though he didn't recall seeing Moody, said that as those at collapsible A and B were engulfed when the water came up onto the boat deck and washed over the bridge, the same must have happened to Moody.

Paragraph 19: The similarity between the photosynthetic machinery in these different lines indicates that it had a common origin, either from some common ancestor or passed by lateral transfer. Purple sulfur bacteria and purple nonsulfur bacteria were distinguished on the basis of physiological factors of their tolerance and utilization of sulfide: was considered that purple sulfur bacteria tolerate millimolar levels of sulfide and oxidized sulfide to sulfur globules stored intracellulary while purple nonsulfur bacteria species did neither. This kind of classification was not absoluted. It was refuted with classic chemostat experiments by Hansen and Van Gemerden (1972) that demonstrate the growing of many purple nonsulfur bacteria species at low levels of sulfide (0.5 mM) and in so doing, oxidize sulfide to S0, , or . The important distinction that remains from these two different metabolisms is that: any S0 formed by purple nonsulfur bacteria is not stored intracellularly but is deposited outside the cell (even if there are exception for this as Ectothiorhodospiraceae). So if grown on sulfide it is easy to differentiate purple sulfur bacteria from purple non-sulfur bacteria because the microscopically globules of S0 are formed.

Paragraph 20: Grossi was born in Bellano, on Lake Como, and graduated in law at University of Pavia in 1810. He then went to Milan to exercise his profession but the Austrian government interfered with his career prospects. Consequently, Grossi was a notary all his life. That the suspicion was well grounded he soon showed by writing the battle poem La Prineide (1814) in Milanese, in which he described with vivid colours the tragical death of Giuseppe Prina, chief treasurer during the Empire, whom the people of Milan, instigated by Austrian agitators, had torn to pieces and dragged through the streets of the town (1814). The anonymous poem—subversive even in being an incunable of the surfacing Western Lombard dialect as a literary language— was first attributed to the celebrated Carlo Porta, but Grossi of his own accord acknowledged himself the author.

Paragraph 21: If vacant, subliterary spectacles were not enough of a threat to dramatists, opera, which had crossed over to England in the Restoration, experienced an enormous surge in popularity with Italian grand opera in England in the 1710s and 1720s.  In The Spectator, both in number 18 and the 3 April 1711 number, and many places elsewhere, Joseph Addison fretted that foreign opera would drive English drama from the stage altogether. These early fears followed the sudden rage for the Italian singers and operas that took over London in 1711 with the arrival of Handel.  Inasmuch as opera combined singing with acting, it was a mixed genre, and its violation of neoclassical strictures had made it a controversial form from the start.  Addison, damning opera's heterogeny, wrote, "Our Countrymen could not forbear laughing when they heard a Lover chanting out a Billet-doux, and even the Superscription of a Letter set to a Tune."  This type of opera not only took up theatrical rehearsal time and space, it also took away dramatic subject matter.  Straight playwrights were at a loss.  As John Gay lamented (see below), no one could use music in a play unless it was as an opera, and Englishmen were nearly forbidden from that.  To add insult to injury, the casts and celebrated stars were foreigners and, as with Farinelli and Senesino (the latter of whom was paid two thousand pounds for a single season in 1721), castrati.  Castrati were symbols, to the English, of the Roman Catholic Church.  The satirists saw in opera the non plus ultra of invidiousness.  High melodies would cover the singers' expressions of grief or joy, conflating all emotion and sense under a tune that might be entirely unrelated.  Alexander Pope blasted this shattering of "decorum" and "sense" in Dunciad B and suggested that its real purpose was to awaken the Roman Catholic Church's power ("Wake the dull Church") while it put a stop to the political and satirical stage and made all Londoners fall into the sleep of un-Enlightenment:

Paragraph 22: The emerging market credit linked note, also sometimes called a “clean,” are traded by buy side clients to gain access to local debt markets for several reasons.  First, is that a direct investment in the sovereign debt may not be legal due to domicile restrictions of the country.  One instance would be the local government requiring the purchaser of debt to have a business office in the country, another instance would be tax restrictions or tariffs in countries with NDF currencies.  A fund in USD would have difficulty repatriating the currency if local restrictions or taxes made it undesirable.  When this occurs, the sell side global bank purchases the debt and structures it into a derivative note then issued to the client or clients.  The client then owns the issued security, which derives its total return from the underlying instrument.  A CDS, credit default swap, is embedded in the instrument.  It can be thought of as a fully funded total return swap where the underlying asset total return is exchanged for a funding fee as well as the cost of the issued CLN.  From a market risk perspective owning a CLN is almost identical to owning the local debt.  

Paragraph 23: During 1968, the college was the scene of protests when students occupied the Crouch End Hill site. Students attending the multi-site college convened to discuss the withdrawal of Student Union funds and resolved to sit-in. During this period they effected a temporary administration of the college, and called for major and consultative review of the art curriculum, supported by sympathetic academic staff and visiting artists. They offered a major critique of the education system at the time. Some of these documents were presented as part of a project called The Hornsey Project. The college was repossessed by local authorities at the beginning of the summer break.

Paragraph 24: Built during the 17th century, Welburn Hall was originally a lath and plaster structure, becoming the home of the Strangeway family. A following owner, Sir John Gibson, High Sheriff of Yorkshire (1630–31), built a substantial stone addition to the original building. The Hall again passed to new owners by way of Elizabeth, daughter and heiress of Thomas Robinson Esquire of Welburn who married Rev. Digby Cayley. Their three daughters and co-heiresses married into the families of Rev. Francis Wrangham, Archdeacon of Cleveland, Thomas Smith, M.D., and Rev. Arthur Cayley, rector of Normanby, who were in possession in 1824. Mrs. Wrangham held the manor in 1857 followed by William Ernest Duncombe, the Earl of Feversham, in 1872. During the 19th century, Welburn Hall, originally a fine specimen of Elizabethan architecture, was in a state of decay having remained unoccupied from about 1850 to 1880 when Joseph Heads, a brick and tile maker, became the occupant.  “In 1890, the derelict hall was sold, the west wing was demolished and the present house and stables were built.” The 1901 census is more precise than earlier records. Notably, Welburn Hall was occupied by colliery owner, John Shaw JP, his wife, Mary, his son, James Edward Shaw, Adela, wife of James and John's three grandchildren, Beatrice, Geoffrey and John Edward Durrant Shaw. Eleven household servants are also recorded. The Hall's new coach house was occupied by the coachman, William Scholey, and his wife, Elizabeth.  The “Hall Farm” was operated by Frederick Parker and his two employees.  “In 1931, the house was badly damaged by a fire and was subsequently rebuilt in a less ostentatious style”. The above-mentioned, Major John Edward Durrant Shaw (1894–1952), son of James Edward Shaw (1869-c.1962), became High Sheriff of Yorkshire from 1939 to 1940. During the First World War Welburn Hall was a convalescent hospital for injured soldiers and in the Second World War it housed children who were evacuated from the Adela Shaw hospital in Kirkbymoorside. It was opened as a school on 26 January 1951, by North Riding County Council.   Dr Howard Crockatt, who was a surgeon at the Adela Shaw Hospital in Kirkbymoorside, played a key role in instigating the school's beginnings and many children went from the hospital to the school.

Paragraph 25: The men's soccer team has had a recent resurgence under the guidance of Marc Hubbard.Hubbard is assisted by Associate Head Coach Rich Winrebe, Assistant Coach Joe Dincecco, and Goalkeeper Coach David Williams. Hubbard completed his first season as head coach of the UNH Wildcats with one of the best seasons in program history. The Granite State native took the team from a 6-10-1 mark in 2014 to a 10-5-3 record, including a 7-0-2 streak to start the 2015 campaign. At the end of the season, the team finished with a RPI of 52nd in the nation, improving on the ranking of 164 just a year before. The team was first in the America East Conference in goals per game (1.56) and were issued the fewest yellow cards and second fewest fouls in the conference. The Wildcats also recorded the second lowest goals against average (1.00), allowing 19 goals in 18 games. New Hampshire keepers recorded five shutouts, including four straight games. Under Hubbard's tutelage, junior co-captain Chris Wingate earned the America East Midfielder of the Year Award and was an All-Conference First Team selection along with four additional Wildcats receiving All-Conference status. Wingate was also named a NSCAA Division I Men's All-East Region First Team selection while senior co-captain Andrew Chaput was tabbed a NSCAA Division I Men's All-East Region Third Team honoree. The men's soccer program is heavily involved in Soccer Sphere which provides training programs to youth soccer players throughout the state of New Hampshire. In 2017 UNH received an at large bid to NCAA Tournament, its first tournament appearance since 1994. On November 16, 2017, UNH defeated Fairfield 3–0 in the first round of the NCAA Tournament advancing to the second round for the first time in school history. The Wildcats have claimed the title of America East Champions during their 2018, 2019, and 2020 seasons. Their cumulative records for these seasons include a 12-4-2, 4-2-1, 15-2-3, 5-1-1, and 8-1-1, 5-0-1 record . During their 2021 season, the Wildcats were honored by the New England Patriots owner, Robert Kraft, and his family, as the team embarked on their quest to round 16 of the NCAA Tournament game versus No. 1 ranked Oregon State in the Patriots private plane . With a loss against Oregon State, the UNH Wildcats end their 2021 season with a record of 17-2-2, 7-0-1.

Paragraph 26: Reviewing for The Village Voice in October 1978, Robert Christgau hailed Comes a Time as a "tour de force" for its folkie concept and music, with melodies that rival those of Young's After the Gold Rush (1970) and a sound that is "almost always quiet, usually acoustic and drumless, and sweetened by Nicolette Larson". While noting that listeners may "wonder why this thirty-two-year-old hasn't learned more about Long-Term Relationships", Christgau was ultimately won over by "the spare, good-natured assurance of the singing and playing" for how it "deepens the more egregious homilies and transforms good sense into wisdom". Stereo Review magazine's Noel Coppage found the album to be Young's "simplest, most acoustic, and best produced" record since 1972's Harvest, but more "down to earth and direct" in comparison and highlighted by a healthier perspective to his usual angst and varied songs performed in a consistent style. While lamenting a lack of energy to some degree, Coppage said that repeat listens of the album will provide "rewarding experiences with texture and mood, some real tunes, and the real personality Young puts into his work". Somewhat less impressed was Greil Marcus of Rolling Stone. Describing Comes a Time as "a restrained and modest set of love songs that traces a long affair from first light to final regrets", he expressed disappointment at the relative "facelessness" of the songwriting when compared with rougher music on earlier albums like Zuma (1975) and American Stars 'n Bars (1977).

Paragraph 27: SATRA played a role in the successful expedition to the top of Mount Everest in 1953 in which Sir Edmund Hillary, along with Tenzing Norgay, became the first person to 'stand on top of the world'. In 1952, SATRA was approached by The British Expedition to produce 34 pairs of boots to meet the challenge of climbing in one of the most inhospitable environments on the planet. The boots were designed to provide a high level of thermal insulation for use in high altitude and saw a combination of inner vapour barrier, mesh insoles and an integrated rubber outer gaiter: the water resistant vapour barrier’s inner layer stopped the boots becoming soaked with sweat then freezing; the mesh insole allowed sweat to disperse from the socks; the outer gaiter prevented melting snow soaking in to the boot itself. There were five layers of Ceiba pentandra•kapok insulation, a naturally hollow fibre and a forerunner of synthetic versions. The boot lasting technique helped prevent compression of the vital insulation material and microcellular resin soles further improved insulation and decreased weight.

Paragraph 28: After an extended knee-injury layoff, Appiah came off the bench for Fenerbahçe in the Turkish Super League on 6 October 2007. However, the injury recurred after his last game on 1 December, and Appiah went to Italy for rehabilitation on 20 December 2007. The long-term injury forced him to miss the 2008 African Cup of Nations as a player, instead, he became a special adviser of the team. Fenerbahçe also wanted to de-register Appiah as he occupied a foreigner quota, but he refused as he was unclear with the matter. Appiah also refused to take rehabilitation in Turkey. The club also thought that Appiah was actually AWOL and Appiah thought the club exposed his medical history to the press and mistreatment to his injury, although the club defended that it had made an appointment for Appiah to visit Mayo Clinic, United States, but Appiah did not attend. On 1 February 2008, Appiah formally submitted a claim of mistreatment by asking to leave as free agent on 1 July 2008 and received the pre-agreed 2008–09 season salary of €2 million. In response, Fenerbahçe notified FIFA. In April 2008 the case went to FIFA Dispute Resolution Chamber (DRC), and both parties sued each other. He unilaterally terminated the contract at the end of season, as he thought the club had breached the contract by not fulfilling its duties. He also discussed with West Ham United in summer 2008 for a possible contract. DRC ordered Appiah to pay Fenerbahçe €2,281,915 as he breached the contract without just cause on 9 January 2009. He immediately appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport in May after received the decision on 5 May 2009 and the club also submitted its appeal. On 7 June 2010 CAS ruled that Appiah did not need to pay Fenerbahçe, as Fenerbahçe saved more in wages (€2,633,020.65) than losses  (€2,496,278.85).

Paragraph 29: American artist and writer Stirling Dickinson arrived in 1937 and should be credited with creating the first wave of advertising abroad about San Miguel's virtues. Dickinson met Peruvian intellectual, author and painter Felipe Cossio del Pomar, who had the idea of establishing an art colony in the heart of Mexico. The first art school was established in 1938 in an old convent—still in use provisionally as a school, after having been soldiers' barracks—which Cossio del Pomar secured from then Mexican president Lázaro Cárdenas. The school was called Bellas Artes, and continues to exist today, locally known as Bellas Artes or Centro Cultural El Nigromante. In the 1940s, Dickinson would also assist Cossio del Pomar and Enrique Fernández Martinez, the former governor of the state of Guanajuato, to establish what became the Instituto Allende. Despite their rural location, both schools would find success after World War II. U.S. veterans studying under the G.I. Bill were permitted to study abroad, and these schools took advantage of that fact to attract former soldiers as students. Enrollment at the schools rose and this began the town's cultural reputation. This attracted more artists and writers, including José Chávez Morado and David Alfaro Siqueiros, who taught painting at the Escuela de Bellas Artes. This, in turn, spurred the opening of hotels, shops and restaurants to cater to the new visitors and residents. Many of the American veterans who came to study in San Miguel would later come back to retire, some marrying and raising international families such as the Vidargas, Andre, Maxwell, and Breck families.

Paragraph 30: 1950 Angénieux 35mm f/2.5 Retrofocus Type R 1 (France): first retrofocus wide angle lens for 35 mm SLRs (for Exaktas).Herbert Keppler, "SLR: Are the sacrifices we make to use an SLR worth it?" pp. 27–28, 30, 34. Popular Photography, Volume 64 Number 6; June 2000.  Regular wide angle lenses (meaning short focal length lenses) need to be mounted close to the film. However, SLRs require that lenses be mounted far enough in front of the film to provide space for the movement of the mirror – the "mirror box." Therefore, the focal length of early 35 mm SLR lenses were no less than about 40 mm. This prompted the development of wide view lenses with more complex retrofocus optical designs. These use very large negative front elements to force back-focus distances long enough to ensure clearance.Kraszna-Krausz, pp. 1675–1676 Note, "retrofocus" was an Angénieux trademark before losing exclusive status. The original generic term is "inverted telephoto." A telephoto lens (multiple inventions, 1891) has a front positive group and rear negative group; retrofocus lenses have the negative group in front and positive group to the rear. The first inverted-telephoto imaging lens was the Taylor-Hobson 35mm f/2 (1931, UK) developed to provide back-focus clearance for the beamsplitter prism used by the full-color via three negative Technicolor motion picture process. Retrofocus wide angle prime lenses reached fields of view as wide as 118° with the Nikkor 13mm f/5.6 (Japan) lens for Nikon 35 mm SLRs in 1975, but they are extremely large compared to non-SLR short focal length lenses because of their gigantic negative elements.Steve Sint with Peter Moore, "Fantasy Glass: Longer than long, faster than fast, wider than wide, made of pure golden glass, optics of unbelievable promise and price are being produced by major lens makers. Are they all hype … or do they perform?" pp. 44–49. Modern Photography, Volume 48, Number 2; February 1984. 