Paragraph 1: Marisol mimicked the role of femininity in her sculptural grouping Women and Dog, which she produced between 1963 and 1964. This work, among others, represented a satiric critical response on the guises of fabricated femininity by deliberately assuming the role of "femininity" in order to change its oppressive nature. Three women, a little girl, and a dog are presented as objects on display, relishing their social status with confidence under the gaze of the public. The women are sculpted as calculated and "civilized" in their manner, monitoring both themselves and those around them. Two of women even have several cast faces, surveying the scene and following the subject's trajectory in full motion. Their stiff persona is embodied from within the wooden construction. 

Paragraph 2: O'Shea was born in Queenstown (now Cobh), County Cork, Ireland on October 21, 1898, son of a former Royal Irish Constabulary officer and Royal Navy clerk Patrick O'Shea and farm owner Mary Kirby.  A school trained chemist, his Irish Volunteers activity during the Irish War of Independence began in 1915 with the 4th Battalion, Cork No.1 Brigade in Cobh and ended shortly after the Irish Civil War came to a close in 1923.  He spent several months after the official end of the war engaged in guerrilla activities. During his time in the war of independence and the Irish Civil War, he conducted numerous raids against the British Army, RIC, Black and Tans and Royal Defence Corps and manufactured land mines and grenades, using them with frequency.  He participated on the attack against the Ballyquirke Military Aerodrome in late 1919 under the overall command of Terence MacSwiney followed by a January 1920 assault on the RIC barracks in Carrigtwohill under O/C Mick Leahy. This is notable as the first 'official' attack on any RIC barracks.  In August 1920 O'Shea was part of an ambush of Cameron Highlanders, an infantry regiment of the British Army, that captured rifles and other arms.  In July 1921, after recovering from suffering injuries in an explosion in April, he was assigned as a battalion officer in charge of engineering with sections in Knocraha, Midleton, Fota and Cobh. During the civil war, he moved headquarters from the Midleton police barracks to Lord Barrymore's estate at Fota Island after the expulsion of Irish Free State forces. Even as the Free State gained strength and the IRA forces waned, O'Shea continued to engineer bombings, notably at two bridge approaches to Cobh at Belvelly and Fota. As the Irish Volunteers morphed into the Irish Republican Army, O'Shea was incarcerated 5 times during the wars. He participated in a hunger strike at Wormwood Scrubs (HM Prison) led by Joseph McGrath in London from April to May 1920 and also escaped from Cork Male Prison with 30 men in August 1922 through a prisoner constructed tunnel. O'Shea led a 2nd hunger strike in October 1923 with Frank Oakley at Mountjoy Prison that, despite Irish Free State media suppression, spread across Ireland with 8000 jailed strikers participating. The 4th arrest was immediately after release from Mountjoy at Sinn Féin Headquarters during Dennis Barry's funeral.  He escaped Cork Court House two weeks later. On May 9, 1924 he was arrested for the fifth and final time but released shortly thereafter in a general amnesty.

Paragraph 3: The final part of the Baʿal cycle is concerned with Baʿal's battle against Mot, a personification of Death. Continuing from the preceding section, Mot concludes his reply to Baʿal. His reply is that he, like a lion in the desert, hungers constantly for human flesh and blood. By inviting Mot to a meal of bread and wine, Mot is offended, and threatens to cause the heavens to wilt and collapse, breaking Baʿal into pieces. Mot then will eat him piece by piece. When the text continues, Baʿal, or a speaker on his behalf admits his fear and dread of Mot. The speaker then tells Gupan and Ugar to go back to Mot and tell him that Baʿal will be eternally his slave, news to which Mot rejoices. When the text continues Baʿal complains to El that his dominion is in danger of passing to Mot. He then sends messengers to Sheger and Ithm, who are responsible for Cattle and Sheep, and asks them to provide animals for a feast, to which he will invite Mot. When the texts continue, a messenger from Mot arrives in the divine assembly, demanding to know where Baʿal is. They both go up to El's house where El asks what has been happening. When the text continues, a speaker who is probably Shapash the sun-goddess addresses Baʿal. She is advising him to find a substitute in his image, which will be sought out and slain by Mot. She then promises to bury his body, and advises him to go to the two mountains which mark the entrance of the underworld, and to move them aside. Then he is to go down into the earth and hide. He finds a heifer in the fields, and with it a human child, whom he dresses in his robes and offers as a gift to Mot.

Paragraph 4: The men's 100 meter sprint was marred by the usage of performance-enhancing drugs when the initial winner, Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson, tested positive for banned substances after the race and was stripped of the gold medal and his world record time of 9.79 seconds, thus allowing Carl Lewis to repeat as gold medal winner. In 1989, Johnson admitted to further PED usage between 1981 and 1988 and his world record of 9.83 seconds from the 1987 World Championships was rescinded as well, allowing Lewis's 9.92 seconds in the Olympic final became the new world record. This put the United States in position to sweep the gold medals in the men's sprint distances, including a sweep of all medals at the 400 meter distance. The United States men also won medals while setting Olympic records at both hurdle distances. In the men's relays, a fumbled baton exchange in the heat of the 4 × 100 caused a heartbreaking disqualification for the favored American team. In the 4 × 400, however, the United States cruised to victory while equaling the 20-year-old world record which had been set in Mexico City. In men's field events, the highlight came from Carl Lewis defending his gold medal from Los Angeles and leading the United States to a medal sweep in the long jump. In the women's events, Florence Griffth-Joyner had dominating performances in the 100 and 200 meter sprints, lowering the Olympic record by over 0.2 seconds in the 100 and lowering the world record by almost 0.4 seconds in the 200. She also helped the United States to strong performances in the relays, winning gold in the 4 × 100 and coming in second, while beating the previous world record, to a record-shattering performance by the Soviet team in the 4 × 400. Meanwhile, in the heptathlon, Jackie Joyner-Kersee dominated the competition while setting a world record that has not been approached in the succeeding 30 years. Joyner-Kersee's long jump performance in the heptathlon was enough to set the Olympic record for the discipline, only for her to eclipse it in the final of the long jump event. The high jump event also saw Louise Ritter eclipse the Olympic record on the way to a gold medal. Finally, the only United States medal in the middle distance events came from Kim Gallagher, who captured bronze in the 800 meters.

Paragraph 5: Henri Grégoire, on the other hand, refuted this as implausible, because a 13th-century text written by Ibn Bibi clearly distinguishes Dazimon and Tokat as separate places. Instead, he said, Tokat should be identified with the town of Dokeia () mentioned in another 10th-century text, by Theophanes Continuatus, which says that the Byzantine general John Kourkouas was born in a village near Dokeia sometime in the 9th century. According to Grégoire, the name "Dokeia" does not have a Greek etymology and probably represents an old Anatolian place name. The supposed derivation from "Eudokia", he claimed, is only a folk etymology that came much later.

Paragraph 6: The oldest archaeological traces of a settlement in the perimeter are from the Mesolithic (8200-5500 BC).  The Mesolithic finds are mostly small flint shards for use in weapons or tools.  These flints were produced mostly in the swampy lowlands east of the city at Murten-Combette and Murten-Ober Prehl.  While many of these flint objects are in museums, the exact discovery sites were not properly documented and have been lost or covered by later excavations.  Several other sites were discovered during construction of the A1 motorway in 1976–95.  These settlements are from the Neolithic (5500-2500 BC) and the Bronze Age (2300-800 BC).  Murten Pré de la Blanc was used in the Neolithic and middle Bronze Age, while the sites Murten-Lowenberg, Murten-Ober Prehl and Chantemerle 1 are from the Late Bronze Age.  The cemetery at Lowenberg was used for more than a millennium, from the middle Bronze Age to the La Tène period.  The nearby necropolis holds a number of Hallstatt era graves.  The remains of a large Roman villa from the end of 1st or early 2nd century BC and a piece of a Roman road have also been found.

Paragraph 7: The U.S. release of the album came in October 2000 on Astralwerks, featuring three additional bonus tracks: "Darker", "Valley", and "Zither" (all of which were previously released on singles and EPs in the UK). "Darker" was later featured in the second episode of the American Fox television drama series 24, and also in the movie Dandelion. The band embarked on their first-ever tour of North America in late 2000 and early 2001. Jimi Goodwin described to Excellent Online that the U.S. shows were "pleasantly surprising" with the turn-outs and crowd reactions: "The crowds have been amazing. Pretty much all selling out, which we couldn't believe. ... It's really nice. Astralwerks do seem pretty sussed, and they're just letting us be us. They're just as sniffy as us, going, 'Let's just check it out,' and not trying to convince people that you're the best thing since sliced bread, y'know. Let's just try sneaking in the back door a little. I don't know how American numbers work. I don't know how America works. This is our first time here as a band. We've travelled it, but not musically. We've done a few of them sit-down, meet-and-greets with radio, we've gotten some acoustic work out. ... But, yeah, we're really impressed by people loving the shows and everything. And we're playing better than ever, I think. In England, we've been getting a bit paranoid – 'we can't play this set anymore, we need some new tunes in there.' It's getting a bit old. Time to say, 'Come on lads, the band's playing the same set, time to throw in some new shit.'"

Paragraph 8: Between 1850 and 1860, the members of the Zollverein adopted a common currency, a common postal system and a common commercial code.  Later the Zollverein signed various reciprocal treaties with nations outside the customs union, culminating in the signing of a reciprocal treaty with France in 1862.  From this position of power, the Zollverein brought about the rapid industrialization of northern Germany and became a prime reason for Prussian involvement in the Second Schleswig-Holstein War of 1864.  As result of that war, two predominately German-speaking duchies, Schleswig and Holstein were ceded by Denmark and annexed by Prussia and Austria.  Another war, the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, and the dramatic military defeat of Austria at the Battle of Sadowa, resulted in both Schleswig and Holstein being ceded to Prussia alone.  Neither of these duchies had much in the way of mineral wealth or industry.  Even as late as the middle of the twentieth century, both duchies remained predominately rural with only 24% of the total population living in the main cities of Kiel ( 1950 pop. 218,335) and Lubeck (1950 pop. 133,021).  However, the duchies were to have a great impact on the industrialization of northern Germany because of their location and topography.  As early as 1784, a canal had been operating across the "neck" of the Jutland Peninsula on which Denmark is located.  This canal was known as the Eider Canal because it largely followed the winding Eider River across the Jutland Peninsula.  The Eider Canal saved a great deal of time and money in eliminating the need of ships to sail the long and dangerous way around the Jutland Peninsula to deliver cargo from the Baltic Sea to the North Sea or vice versa.  However, by 1860, shipping had gone from sail to steam and the Eider canal had been largely outdated.  Accordingly, rebuilding of the Eider Canal or construction of a new canal was drastically needed.  After the annexation of Schleswig by Prussia, the Prussian government set about improving the Eider Canal by building a new canal along a shorter, more direct route and by widening the canal to fit modern ships.  Commercial pressure encouraged the development of the new canal which, when completed in 1887, was named the Kaiser Willhelm Canal.  Indeed, the economic motivation behind the canal most probably was the main motivation for the war on Denmark in the first place.

Paragraph 9: Goalie Duke Scodellaro was unbeatable in the BC-Alberta championship final, by blanking the Calgary Rangers 5–0 and 7–0 in a best-of-three series. Next came the Flin Flon Bombers, the Saskatchewan champions, with Trail taking the first game with ease, by a 6–0 verdict; but Trail lost the second contest 4–2. The Smoke Eaters made no mistakes in the rubber game, blanking the Bombers 5–0. Edmonton was the scene of the opening game of the Western Canada finals, against the Port Arthur Bear-Cats; and with Trail coming back from a two-goal deficit in the third period to force overtime, and they ended up with a 5–3 victory in two periods of extra time. Trail jumped all over Port Arthur in Calgary in the second game, winning 8–1, and finished the series in three straight games by shellacking the Cats 7–3 in the third game played in Saskatoon. The scene was all set for the finals against the Cornwall Flyers, and the Calgary fans adopted the Smoke Eaters and cheered them on to victory, along with the 500 ardent fans who traveled from Trail by a special train. Trail, a flock of speed merchants moulded into a high geared passing machine by coach Elmer Piper, climaxed the long fight by defeating Cornwall's Flyers three games to one, in a best-of-five championship series. The Smoke Eaters won the opener 6–4 and took the second fixture 8–2. Cornwall won the third game 2–1, with Flyers goalie Floyd Perras turning in a sparkling performance. Trail's netminder, Duke Scodellaro, lost his bid for a shut out in the final contest when the Flyers scored with 45 seconds remaining in the game, and Trail took the match 3–1. Trail rolled up a convincing record in their Allan Cup hunt by scoring 91 goals and allowed 26, in 17 games: and won 15 fixtures—seven by shutouts, and lost only two games. The Smoke Eaters homecoming was the greatest hockey reception ever accorded a team of champions in the west. More than 7,000 fans packed the city's business section and overflowed to the roofs of nearby buildings, to welcome their heroes. The Smoke Eaters arrived home in a special railroad car, and were transferred from the train to a special brightly decorated flat car for the public's admiration, as the train crept down from Tadanac by way of Rossland Avenue. As the train stopped at the depot, the whole city went wild. Mayor E.L. Groutage officially welcomed the team and the players were interviewed by radio station CJAT. After the ceremony the players climbed on a fire truck and toured the downtown. En route home, they were officially welcomed at Nelson, and were placed on a fire truck, and proudly paraded up town to the cheers of thousands at the Lake city. Members of the famous Trail Smoke Eaters, Allan Cup champions, were: Duke Scodellaro (Goal), Buck Buchanan (spare goalie); Jimmy Haight, Mel Snowden, Tom Johnston (ice hockey)|Tom Johnston, Ab Cronie, Bunny Dame, Joe Benoit, Dave Duchak, Dick Kowcinak, Johnny McCreedy, Mickey Brennen, Jimmy Morris (ice hockey)|Jimmy Morris; and utility forward Bob Marshall. Their coach was Elmer Piper. Players that still resided in Trail were Scodellaro, Morris, Cronie, Brennen, Haight and Johnston -- until their passing on.

Paragraph 10: An orogeny is underway when mountains begin to grow in the collision zone. There are other modes of mountain formation and orogeny but certainly continental collision is one of the most important. Rainfall and snowfall increase on the mountains as these rise, perhaps at a rate of a few millimeters per year (at a growth rate of 1 mm/year, a 5,000 m tall mountain can form in 5 million years, a time period that is less than 10% of the life of a typical collision zone). River systems form, and glaciers may grow on the highest peaks. Erosion accelerates as the mountains rise, and great volumes of sediment are shed into the rivers, which carry sediment away from the mountains to be deposited in sedimentary basins in the surrounding lowlands. Crustal rocks are thrust faulted over the sediments and the mountain belt broadens as it rises in height. A crustal root also develops, as required by isostasy; mountains can be high if underlain by thicker crust. Crustal thickening may happen as a result of crustal shortening or when one crust overthrusts the other. Thickening is accompanied by heating, so the crust becomes weaker as it thickens. The lower crust begins to flow and collapse under the growing mountain mass, forming rifts near the crest of the mountain range. The lower crust may partially melt, forming anatectic granites which then rise into the overlying units, forming granite intrusions. Crustal thickening provides one of two negative feedbacks on mountain growth in collision zones, the other being erosion. The popular notion that erosion is responsible for destroying mountains is only half correct - viscous flow of weak lower mantle also reduces relief with time, especially once the collision is complete and  the two continents are completely sutured.  Convergence between the continents continues because the crust is still being pulled down by oceanic lithosphere sinking in the subduction zone to either side of the collision as well as beneath the impinging continent. 

Paragraph 11: Among the other earliest chartered or incorporated railroads, the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad and Baltimore and Ohio Railroad were chartered as passenger services. Later, after mergers, the UNJ&CC became a subsidiary part of the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) system in New Jersey following the merger and acquisition of several predecessor companies in 1872; these purchases included the PRR's main line to New York City, which is now Amtrak's Northeast Corridor. Prior to 1872, its main lines were the Camden and Amboy Rail Road and Transportation Company (C&A) the first railroad in New Jersey and one of the first railroads in the United States.

Paragraph 12: After his football career, he worked as the technical director of the National Team for Hungarian Football Federation. He left the federation and became the club manager (CEO) of SIÓFOK FC 2002-2004 . They promoted to first league in the first year and finished 5th position in top league next season. Although the successful seasons, the club got into financial crisis when the owner couldn't finances the club anymore. Sallói made a new business plan, releasing the expensive players and build a young team with a young coach, Aurel Csertoi. They finished the first part of the league in first place causing big surprise for everyone. Seeing his success with small club, Újpest FC, one of the biggest and most popular team in Hungary, offered him the CEO position in winter break and he took the job. Újpest FC started the second part of the league in 8th position without head coach who resigned in winter break. Sallói again, give the job to a young coach, Geza Meszoly who made excellent job with his team, winning the second part of the league and finished the 2nd place in the table at the end of the season. In 2005, when new owner arrived to the club, Sallói resigned. He moved to Diósgyőri VTK to a very popular team which was year by year in financial crisis. For that time Sallói was called in Hungary 'man who can manage the financial crisis'. He did the job again, stabilized the club and madeDiósgyőri VTK a stable mid table team. End of 2007, the new owner of Ujpest FC called him back to Újpest FC as a sport director. His task was to build a team who can win the league. Újpest FC finished in 2nd place after a year and made over 1 million euros profit on transfer fees. End of 2009, he joined to Wolverhampton Wanderers Football Club as an Eastern Europe scout. 2011 Sallói returned to Hungarian football and took a job in Kecskeméti TE as sport director until 2015. From July 2015 after Kecskemeti TE lost the licence for the Hungarian professional leagues, he signed for Dunaujvaros PASE as the sport director. In 2018 he became the sport director of the second league club Zalaegerszegi TE In the first season the team promoted to the first league after 7 years. In 2021 he moved and take the sporting director position of MOL Fehérvár FC

Paragraph 13: The National Weather Service office in Chicago has one of the longest periods of official weather records, dating back to 1870, though all the 1870 and 1871 weather records taken at 181 West Washington Street were lost in the Great Chicago Fire. Of the two major airports located in Chicago, Midway Airport began observations in 1928, and O'Hare Airport began them in 1958. Both sites have served in the past as the official observation location, the latter being the current official station. Weather data from Midway Airport before July 1, 1942, and after January 16, 1980, and data from O'Hare Airport before January 17, 1980, are not part of the official climate record of Chicago.

Paragraph 14: Joe Gordon's home run in the second inning off of Curt Davis put the Yankees up 1–0. In the fourth inning, Charlie Keller walked with two outs and scored on Bill Dickey's double to extend the lead to 2–0. The Dodgers cut it to 2–1 in the fifth inning when Pee Wee Reese singled with two outs off of Red Ruffing and scored on Mickey Owen's triple. In the sixth inning, after a one-out walk and single, Gordon's RBI single made it 3–1 Yankees. After a single and error, pinch-hitter Lew Riggs' single scored Cookie Lavagetto in the seventh inning as the Dodgers pulled to within 3–2. Then they threatened in the ninth inning with hits by Joe Medwick and Pee Wee Reese, before Ruffing was able to get Herman Franks to ground into a game-ending 4-6-3 double play.

Paragraph 15: The initiative that indigenous children demonstrate is part of the process of Learning by Observing and Pitching In. LOPI is a six faceted process of learning commonly used by indigenous American cultures. Also known by "Intent Community Participation," it fully immerses a child into the community and allows them to learn, through observation and participation, as they help within their family as well as within their community. Children learn through their work, which is a cultural tradition among indigenous people. Child work is a social experience that allows a child to gain a sense of responsibility and build ties among the community. LOPI is distinctly different from traditional forms of Western learning. Instead of focusing on "formal" or instructional learning in school settings which typically place emphasis on children's motivation and attention capabilities, LOPI engages with their everyday lives. As it seems, the way in which society decides to teach children falls on either end of the spectrum (LOPI or Westernization ways) rather than on the basis of a continuum. LOPI, as stated above, places high emphasis on integration of children in the endeavors of their families and community. The six faceted process of learning can be summarized as follows: community organization of learning, motive, social organization of endeavors, goal of learning, learning according to means, and communication. An important aspect of the LOPI model is the in-depth ethnographic and biological observations as well as comparative studies that were used to generate the facets about Indigenous American communities. It is necessary to take into consideration the model of LOPI as a coherent system as each facet plays a role in relation to the next. It is also possible to compare LOPI to Assembly-Line Instruction which aims to control the learner's attention, motivation, and behavior in the community. This approach was originally founded due to the influx of new students as a result of immigration. In this approach, school and activities related to family and community are segregated. There are large contrasting differences in the collaborative guidance and the control of the learner's attention and behavior between LOPI and Assembly-Line Instruction. As learning works, there are several different approaches one can take and culture and generational differences have influential effects. Most real life situations will not strictly adhere to either of these models. The original intent of LOPI was to study cultural differences in learning across nations rather than to make assumptions based on race, ethnicity, or national origins.

Paragraph 16: For its opening in 1879, the Manx Northern Railway ordered fourteen carriages; these were , six-wheel carriages built on Cleminson's patent underframes - five feet shorter than the Isle of Man Railways "small Fs."  Cleminson's patent enjoyed a brief vogue in the late 1870s as an alternative to bogie carriages mainly due to its low tare weight.  The Southwold Railway which opened the same year as the Manx Northern also used Cleminson's patent underframes from its passenger stock, and also for some high capacity freight wagons. The North Wales Narrow Gauge, and West Donegal Railways also used the system on coaches, and a Cleminson wagon survives on the Festiniog.  Two of the Manx Northern "N" class carriages were built as firsts; two as composites; and ten as either third class or third-brake carriages.  The first class carriages were arranged as three small saloons and seated 42.  The third class carriages must have been quite cramped internally as the compartments were only 4'10" wide - ten inches less than was the case with the IMR bogie carriages.  Both of the composites and about half of the third class carriages were built with handbrake wheel in an end compartment that could be locked away when not in use and the compartment used for passengers.  Two of the third class carriages were damaged in minor collisions, or suffered underframe failure before the Manx Northern was taken over by the Isle of Man Railway.  Twelve of the class passed to the IMR's ownership in 1905. J.I.C. Boyd (The Isle of Man Railway Oakwood Press, 1967) states that the original intention was to number them into the "F" series, hence the numbers 40 to 51, but as they were six-wheelers the decision was made to give them the prefix "N" - the next available letter in the IMR's coding system - to distinguish them from the bogie carriages.  Photographs suggest that at least some of the "N" series carriages remained in service in the 1920s and 30s.  It is not sure when they fell into disuse.  For many years they were stored in a siding behind St. John's station carriage shed.  The body of one of the "N" class carriages survives on the line today as the mess hut at Douglas station.  This body came from N.41 and was placed in front of the locomotive shed in 1964 replacing another former six wheeler.  Between 1999 and 2013 it was stored on a runner behind the carriage shed at Douglas, but it has now returned to its former position, has been partly restored, and is used as an oil store.  Another - composite carriage N.42 - was a resident of the Port Erin museum until it was rebuilt in 1998 when it was placed in store.  It was not returned to the completed museum, but, despite being owned privately, it remained on the railway until finally removed (in the face of much objection) to Southwold in 2013. A third is in private preservation in the north of the island together with a Beyer Peacock locomotive, No. 14 Thornhill (Ex-Manx Northern).  Of the other ten carriages, one was withdrawn in 1903, a second in 1905, and a third in the 1920s.  This was used as a Mess Room at Douglas Station and was later replaced by the body of N.41, the other eight were scrapped, some after being damaged in a fire in 1975 which also destroyed most of the 1876 batch of wooden bogie carriages.

Paragraph 17: The original constitution stipulated that members "shall be persons who are interested in ornithology considered in its widest sense," and so did not technically prevent women from joining the DVOC. Notwithstanding, the culture of the club was not welcoming to them, and a separate organization (ironically, named after a man—the Spencer F. Baird Ornithological Club) was formed in 1900 by an enthusiastic group of female ornithologists in Philadelphia; but enthusiasm and membership eventually waned and that club was disbanded. The issue of female membership was formally discussed by DVOC members in November 1951, and thereafter became a hot-button issue in the club until membership was eventually granted to women in 1982:"A committee had been appointed for the purpose of proposing a change in the Constitution. After spirited discussion a vote was taken. The stand-patters not only won the day with enough votes to keep the status quo, but succeeded in making it official and not just implied by having the word "male" inserted in Article II so that it read that the members "shall be male persons." A smoldering fire flares up into flame occasionally, and this was no exception. A flare-up in late 1974 resulted in the appointment of another committee to reconsider the matter. Its report in January 1975 gave the pros and cons and the comments of other clubs, and arguments were heard from many members. A vote by ballot followed, and the results were 14 votes for admitting women, 35 against and 2 abstaining." "A chink in the armor occurred that December when the Linnaean Society sent us Helen Hays as their exchange speaker with a talk on Great Gull Island. It was decided to make this meeting a "Ladies Night". The attendance, 70 persons, was at least one-third greater than normal.""All was relatively quiet until the early 1980s, when the pressure once more became intense. Many able birding couples did not belong to the D.V.O.C. because of the restriction, and other members lost interest because their wives could not accompany them to meetings or on field trips. There was a veiled threat that a new society similar to the D.V.O.C. might be organized which would include both sexes. And there was the undeniable fact, admitted to grudgingly by a few die-hards, that a female birder is just as proficient as a male. After many long and heated discussions, a committee was appointed to propose a change in the Constitution and present it to the membership. This it did on November 4, 1982. The entire meeting was devoted to the debate and vote. The word "male" was deleted from the Constitution by a vote of 57 to 10. The battle was finally won.""At the annual meeting on January 6, 1983, Kate Brethwaite, Mary Brokaw, Helen McWilliams, Naomi Murphy and Cynthia Uptegraft became the first women elected, soon to be followed by many more."Sandra L. Sherman served as the first female President of the DVOC, and also the first female editor of Cassinia.

Paragraph 18: Elizabeth, bored wife of Lewis, a successful pulp writer in England, leaves husband and child and runs away to the German town of Baden-Baden. There she meets Thomas, who claims to be a poet but whom viewers know to be a petty thief, conman, drug courier, and gigolo. Though the two are briefly attracted to each other, she returns home. He, hunted by gangsters for a drug consignment he has lost, follows her to England. Lewis, highly suspicious of his wife, invites the young man to stay with them and act as his secretary. Initially resenting the presence of the handsome stranger, Elizabeth one night starts an affair and, after being caught together in the conservatory by Lewis, the two run away with no money to the south of France. Lewis follows them, he in turn being followed by the gangsters looking for Thomas. At the end the gangsters reclaim Thomas, presumably for execution, while Lewis reclaims Elizabeth.

Paragraph 19: The Valentinian dynasty (364–455) was a ruling house during the Late Roman Empire (284–476), in Late antiquity (adj.late antique), including the turbulent years of the late fourth century, and the last dynasty of the western empire. The death of Julian () was a pivotal point in the history of the empire. The thirty years from the death of Julian, which ended the Constantinian dynasty, to the death of Valentinian II () ending the first Valentinian dynasty, were one of the most critical periods in the late Roman empire, structuring the empire in ways that would have long lasting consequences. The succeeding thirty years (395–425) from the death of Theodosius I to the death of his sons and ascent of Valentinian III () saw the foundations of the Byzantine empire in the east and the replacement of the western Roman empire with European kingdoms together with a series of events that led to the emergence of the mediaeval Islamic states. The period of the preceding Constantinian age (293–363) reaffirmed the importance of dynasty in legitimacy and succession. This new dynastic structure would last until 454. The house of Valentinian (the Valentiniani) established continuity and succession from the Constantinians through marriages to a granddaughter and grand-niece of Constantine. This granddaughter, Flavia Maxima Constantia (Constantia, 361–383), the only surviving child of Constantius II (), played an important role as a symbol of her dynasty for decades. The Constantinian legacy being described as the "indelible glow of empire". While imperial heirs were relatively rare in this period, the marriages of imperial women raised special concerns, as possibly leading to the raising of pretenders to the throne. A number of them, such as Gratian's half-sisters, took a vow to become dedicated virgins (). Yet it was also an era in which women, either as empresses or as emperor consorts, rose to unprecedented power. Another feature of this dynasty was the successive appointment of child emperors, radically changing the traditional image of emperors as men of deeds. With Valentinian's division of the empire () in a new way, in 364, the two parts of the empire (), east and west would progressively develop their own histories, until the split became permanent on the death of Theodosius I ().

Paragraph 20: The Cat eye syndrome (CES), also termed the Schmid–Fraccaro syndrome, is a severe disorder in which individuals have multiple birth defects such as congenital heart abnormalities, renal malformations, craniofacial anormalies, male genital anomalies, skeleton defects, borderline to moderately severe mental retardation, and cat-like downward-slanted openings between the upper and lower eyelids. CES is commonly associated with a tetrasomy (i.e. four gene copies, one from each normal chromosome, two from the sSMC) or, less commonly, trisomy (three gene copies, one from each normal chromosome and one from the sSMC) of the entire p arm of chromosome 22 plus a small part (i.e. G bands 1 through 11) of this chromosome's q arm. A chromosomal rearrangement mutation between the paired chromosomes 22 occurring during the miosis cell divisions that produce a parent's sperm or egg forms a CES-associated sSMCs that is passed to the parent's offspring. Rarely, CES results from a balanced translocation between a parent's paired chromosome 22. A balanced translocation is an even exchange between two chromosomes that results in no change in genetic information and generally has no detrimental effects on its carriers. However, a parent with a balanced translocation in chromosomes 22 has an increased risk of having a child with CES; this is due to a chromosomal rearrangement mutation between the balanced chromosomes 22 that forms a sSMC-associated sSMC in the parent's sperm or egg and is passed to the parent's offspring. Finally, in extremely rare cases a parent may carry a CES-associated sSMC in only some of their cells due to mosaicism, have little of no CES defects, and directly transmit this sSMC through their sperm or eggs to their   offspring. A CES-associated sSMC may be small, large, or ring-shaped and typically includes 2 Mb, i.e. 2 million DNA base pairs, termed the CES critical region, located on its q arm at bands 11.1 through ll.23. This area contains the CECR1, SLC22A18, and ATP6V1E1 genes which are strong candidate genes for causing or promoting at least some of the birth defects in CES.

Paragraph 21: Philo of Alexandria saw Cain as an example of a "self-loving man" who (in ) showed his gratitude to God too slowly and then not from the first of his fruits. Philo taught that we should hurry to please God without delay. Thus  enjoins, "If you vow a vow, you shall not delay to perform it." Philo explained that a vow is a request to God for good things, and  thus enjoins that when one has received them, one must offer gratitude to God as soon as possible. Philo divided those who fail to do so into three types: (1) those who forget the benefits that they have received, (2) those who from an excessive conceit look upon themselves and not God as the authors of what they receive, and (3) those who realize that God caused what they received, but still say that they deserved it, because they are worthy to receive God's favor. Philo taught that Scripture opposes all three. Philo taught that  replies to the first group who forget, "Take care, lest when you have eaten and are filled, and when you have built fine houses and inhabited them, and when your flocks and your herds have increased, and when your silver and gold, and all that you possess is multiplied, you be lifted up in your heart, and forget the Lord your God." Philo taught that one does not forget God when one remembers one's own nothingness and God's exceeding greatness. Philo interpreted  to reprove those who look upon themselves as the cause of what they have received, telling them: "Say not my own might, or the strength of my right hand has acquired me all this power, but remember always the Lord your God, who gives you the might to acquire power." And Philo read  to address those who think that they deserve what they have received when it says, "You do not enter into this land to possess it because of your righteousness, or because of the holiness of your heart; but, in the first place, because of the iniquity of these nations, since God has brought on them the destruction of wickedness; and in the second place, that He may establish the covenant that He swore to our Fathers." Philo interpreted the term "covenant" figuratively to mean God's graces. Thus Philo concluded that if we discard forgetfulness, ingratitude, and self-love, we shall not longer through our delay miss attaining the genuine worship of God, but we shall meet God, having prepared ourselves to do the things that God commands us.

Paragraph 22: Mark English was born on September 19, 1933, in Hubbard, Texas. He attended the Hubbard High School and graduated in 1951, after which he enrolled into the University of Texas. He was then drafted into the military during the Korean War. In 1954, English married his first wife, Peggy Ann Littlejohn. In 1960, Mark graduated with honours from The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, with a BFA in Advertising Design. After gaining work experience in advertising agencies for the automobile industry, English and his family moved to Connecticut in 1964. He began an illustrious career, working with publications such as TIME Magazine and Sports Illustrated among others in the corporate, pharmaceutical, music and postage industry. In 1977, Hallmark Cards offered Mark an Artist-in-Residency to teach classes to its creative staff in Kansas City. It was there that he met his second wife, Wendy Buskey, and they married in 1983. In 1995, English retired from illustrations and began to paint for galleries in earnest. The same year, English and his son John co-founded the Illustration Academy, an art and design workshop catering to students and professionals. From 1999 onwards, English's work and paintings were exhibited in galleries across the United States and in London. His last exhibition was in 2019, in the Sager Braudis Gallery, in Columbia. Before his death, English was living in Liberty, Missouri with his wife.

Paragraph 23: The procedure is performed by an interventional radiologist under conscious sedation. Access is commonly through the radial or femoral artery via the wrist or groin, respectively. After anesthetizing the skin over the artery of choice, the artery is accessed by a needle puncture using Seldinger technique.  An access sheath and guidewire are then introduced into the artery.  In order to select the uterine vessels for subsequent embolization, a guiding catheter is commonly used and placed into the uterine artery under X-ray fluoroscopy guidance.  Once at the level of the uterine artery an angiogram with contrast is performed to confirm placement of the catheter and the embolizing agent (spheres or beads) is released. Blood flow to the fibroid will slow significantly or cease altogether, causing the fibroid to shrink. This process can be repeated for as many arteries as are supplying the fibroid.  This is done bilaterally from the initial puncture site as unilateral uterine artery embolizations have a high risk of failure.  With both uterine arteries occluded, abundant collateral circulation prevents uterine necrosis, and the fibroids decrease in size and vascularity as they receive the bulk of the embolization material. The procedure can be performed in a hospital, surgical center or office setting and commonly take no longer than an hour to perform.  Post-procedurally if access was gained via a femoral artery puncture an occlusion device can be used to hasten healing of the puncture site and the patient is asked to remain with the leg extended for several hours but many patients are discharged the same day with some remaining in the hospital for a single day admission for pain control and observation.  If access was gained via the radial artery the patient will be able to get off the table and walk out immediately following the procedure. The procedure is not a surgical intervention, and allows the uterus to be kept in place, avoiding many of the associated surgical complications.

Paragraph 24: They opened in 1939 and were first occupied by the boys from Porchester and Lowther and evacuees from Taunton's School in Southampton. Soon after, HORSA huts were erected to the north of the main buildings to house more classrooms. Further extensions to the buildings were made in subsequent years, with the canteen (previously above the Old Gym) built in 1957, a new physics laboratory built in 1958, Rooms 40 and 41 (now 9 and 10) in 1959, a new chemistry laboratory in 1961, a steel-framed structure above the single-storey north-eastern section (at the time of building, notorious for rocking in the wind) in the early 1990s and office space for Housemasters and admin staff later in 1992 (at the time the present House system was introduced). Larger scale building works include the Sixth Form Block in 1968, the Art & Technology blocks in the 1990s (replacing the HORSA huts), the Maths Blocks, which at the time of construction (between 2005-2007) was used for religious studies and mathematics but now the eight classrooms are exclusively purposed for the latter and the Sir David English Centre in 1999 (replacing the increasingly neglected, vandalised and subsequently demolished pavilions that were used for physical education and sports events). The Sixth Form Block made no provision for social space, and so the Sixth Form Memorial Hall (now an unused drama studio) was opened in 1974 to provide a common room for use by the students. What was formerly a bike shed beneath the Junior Playground, and then a woodwork room, now forms the Sixth Form common room.

Paragraph 25:  According to one senator, much had been done for the benefit of labor during Wilson's first term, arguing that “It is now freely admitted by independent thinkers that more constructive legislation of real benefit to the people at large has been enacted during the three and a half years of President Wilson’s administration than during the forty years that have gone before.” The same senator has argued that one of “the many significant acts of President Wilson which will bring large relief to the united workers is the result of the hearings of the United States Commission on Industrial Relations whose members lie appointed, with Frank P. Walsh of Kansas City as its chairman. This commission went extensively into the underlying conditions which affect vitally the wage earners of the nation and has published reports and the evidence which will be of incalculable benefit.” In addition, “The Federal Government in the administration of the laws, are engaged more assiduously than ever in assisting the States and employers by studying carefully the problems of mines and the protection of workingmen in mines. The general system of protection in factories is also a matter of concern to the officers in the Federal Government and it stands ready to assist any community or employer to put into operation the most approved methods of protection.”

Paragraph 26: Of the different words or rather sounds that are used in cheering, "hurrah", though now generally looked on as the typical British form of cheer, is found in various forms in German, Scandinavian, Russian (ura), French (hourra). It is probably onomatopoeic in origin. The English hurrah was preceded by huzza, stated to be a sailors word, and generally connected with heeze, to hoist, probably being one of the cries that sailors use when hauling or hoisting. The German hoch, seen in full in Hoch lebe der Kaiser, &c., the French vive, Italian and Spanish viva, evviva, are cries rather of acclamation than encouragement. The Japanese shout banzai became familiar during the Russo-Japanese War. In reports of parliamentary and other debates the insertion of cheers at any point in a speech indicates that approval was shown by members of the House by emphatic utterances of hear hear. Cheering may be tumultuous, or it may be conducted rhythmically by prearrangement, as in the case of the Hip-hip-hip by way of introduction to a simultaneous hurrah. The saying "hip hip hurrah" dates to the early 1800s.  Nevertheless, some sources speculate possible roots going back to the crusaders, then meaning "Jerusalem is lost to the infidel, and we are on our way to paradise". The abbreviation HEP would then stand for Hierosolyma est perdita, "Jerusalem is lost" in Latin.

Paragraph 27: The original Athabasca electoral district was created before the 1908 general election out of parts of Battleford, Redberry, Prince Albert and Kinistino, and consisted of the sparsely populated northern half of Saskatchewan.  For the 1912 general election, the electoral district was divided in half, with the eastern half becoming Cumberland. The district's southern border was slightly altered before the 1917 general election, and was re-named Île-à-la-Crosse. Île-à-la-Crosse and Cumberland were re-joined prior to the 1934 general election, and the new combined riding was given the name Athabasca. Cumberland was split off again prior to the 1938 general election. Prior to the 1952 general election, Athabasca was shifted to the northeastern corner of the province, with most of its previous incarnation being transferred to Meadow Lake, with small parts transferred to the new Athabasca riding and Cumberland.  This arrangement lasted until the 1971 general election, when the northern half of Meadow Lake was added back to the district. Finally, prior to the 1975 general election, the riding moved back to the northwestern corner of the province, adding back most of the territory in Meadow Lake, while losing it eastern half to Cumberland. The riding has remained in this configuration ever since.

Paragraph 28: The civil war devastated the Barakat building and neglect took its toll on the structure, which became the scene of repetitive acts of vandalism; it was sentenced for demolition in 1997 when the owners decided to sell the property. It was saved by Lebanese heritage activists, particularly architect Mona Hallak who first investigated the house in 1994 during one of her visits with the "Association pour la Protection des Sites et Anciennes Demeures au Liban" (APSAD), an independent organisation for the protection of historic monuments and buildings. Activists had articles about the structure published in the press almost on a daily basis, wrote petitions, and organized rallies in front of the building. Protestations finally led to the suspension of the decision to destroy the building. In 2003 the municipality of Beirut issued a decree of expropriation for public interest. The decree stated that the Barakat building will be restored to accommodate a memory museum and a cultural center (which will later be known as "Beit Beirut") with objects tracing the 7000-year history of the city. The decree also provisions the construction of a modern annex to the building on the empty lot around it, which will house offices of the municipality's urban planning department as well as an underground parking lot. The French government provided technical assistance to the Beirut municipality but the cultural specialists who were supposed to visit and counsel on the museum's development were delayed because of the 2006 and 2007 Lebanon conflicts and political instability. The Beit Beirut project was delayed until the return of relative political stability in 2008. The project saw the collaboration between the municipality of Beirut, the City of Paris and the French embassy in Lebanon. In 2009, Lebanese architect Youssef Haider was commissioned by the Beirut municipality to lead the building's restoration works. Even though Haidar had experience in rehabilitation as he had previously worked on the restoration of traditional buildings in downtown Beirut and Tripoli, his selection was contested since he was chosen without having recourse to an open competition. Haidar was assisted by a committee of architects formed by the Municipality of Paris; this committee has worked to develop the rehabilitation project of the museum and is formed by members from a variety of disciplines. Beit Beirut was slated to open in 2013 but didn't open until April 28, 2016; planning and restoration costs amounted to 18 million US dollars.

Paragraph 29: Harada started off his 2014 in Noah with a win over Atsushi Kotoge on January 5, after which he announced that he wanted to join the No Mercy stable. On January 12, though defeated by No Mercy leader Kenta in a singles match, Harada was accepted as the newest member of the stable. According to Harada, one of his main reasons for joining No Mercy was to continue chasing the GHC Junior Heavyweight Championship, held by Taiji Ishimori, who represented No Mercy's rival stable, Brave. On January 25, Harada pinned Ishimori in a six-man tag team match between No Mercy and Brave to earn another shot at his title. On March 8, Harada defeated Ishimori to win the GHC Junior Heavyweight Championship for the first time. Harada made his first successful title defense on April 19 against former tag team partner Atsushi Kotoge. His second successful defense took place on May 31 against Quiet Storm. On July 5, Harada defeated Kenoh for his third successful title defense. Later in the month, Harada came together with Quiet Storm to take part in the 2014 NTV G+ Cup Junior Heavyweight Tag League. After finishing their round-robin block with a record of three wins and one loss, Harada and Storm advanced to the finals on August 2, where they were defeated by Hajime Ohara and Kenoh. Harada avenged the loss against Ohara by pinning him in a three-way match, also involving Zack Sabre Jr., on August 17 to make his fourth successful defense of the GHC Junior Heavyweight Championship. Harada continued making successful defenses of the GHC Junior Heavyweight Championship, defeating Shiori Asahi on September 21, Super Crazy on October 12, and Zack Sabre Jr. on November 4. Harada's reign ended on December 6, when he was defeated by Atsushi Kotoge in his eighth title defense. On January 18, 2015, Harada and No Mercy stablemate Genba Hirayanagi unsuccessfully challenged Hajime Ohara and Kenoh for the GHC Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship. Six days later, Harada also received a rematch for the GHC Junior Heavyweight Championship, but was again defeated by Kotoge. In March, Harada traveled to Germany to take part in Westside Xtreme Wrestling's (wXw) 2015 16 Carat Gold tournament, where he made it to the quarterfinals, before losing to Zack Sabre Jr. On June 13, Harada received a shot at the GHC Junior Heavyweight Championship, but was defeated by the defending champion, Taichi, after being hit with the title belt.

Paragraph 30: Nathan Mossell was born in Hamilton, Canada in 1856, the fourth of six children. Both his parents, Eliza Bowers (1824 – ?) and Aaron Albert Mossell I (1824 – ?), were descended from freed slaves. According to Mossell's autobiography, his mother's stories of the discrimination and hardship their families faced strengthened her own children's determination to succeed. Mossell's maternal grandfather had resisted all attempts by his owner to make him work and was eventually freed. He married and settled in Baltimore, but the entire family, including Mossell's mother, who was a child at the time, were deported to Trinidad. Mossell's paternal grandfather, who had been transported from the coast of West Africa, managed to buy his freedom and that of his wife. He too settled in Baltimore, where Mossell's father was born.