Paragraph 1: A total of twenty-nine cars were officially entered for the 6 Hours of Circuit of the Americas, with the bulk of entries in Le Mans Prototype 1 (LMP1) and Le Mans Prototype 2 (LMP2). The 2013 race winners, Audi Sport Team Joest, returned to defend their title. Three manufacturers were represented in LMP1, including a duo of cars entered by Audi Sport Team Joest, Toyota and Porsche. Kazuki Nakajima was not available to drive the No. 7 Toyota TS040 Hybrid because of a Super Formula commitment and was replaced by IndyCar Series driver Mike Conway. After spending the last three months recovering from a heavy crash during practice for the 24 Hours of Le Mans, Loïc Duval returned to Audi Sport Team Joest after doctors granted him medical clearance. The Kodewa-backed Lotus team moved up from the LMP2 category with their new CLM P1/01 but missed the first three races because the new car was not ready. In the month before its debut, Lotus named Super GT competitor James Rossiter, experienced sports car driver Christophe Bouchut and Formula Three European Championship race winner Lucas Auer as the trio to pilot the No. 9 car. Rebellion Racing was the other representative of the LMP1 privateer teams.LMP2 consisted of four cars with twelve drivers. United SportsCar Championship participants Extreme Speed Motorsports debuted in the World Endurance Championship with a HPD ARX 03B-Honda driven by the team's regular drivers Scott Sharp, Ryan Dalziel and Ed Brown. Tsugio Matsuda returned from his four-month hiatus from prototype car racing and joined Matthew Howson and Richard Bradley in driving the No. 47 KCMG Oreca 03R-Nissan. After SMP Racing rearranged their driver lineups for Le Mans, the team returned to their regular driver pairings for the rest of the season starting at the 6 Hours of Circuit of the Americas. G-Drive Racing switched from the Morgan chassis to the new Nissan powered Ligier JS P2 monocoque. The Le Mans Grand Touring Endurance Professional (LMGTE Pro) field consisted of four manufacturers (Aston Martin, Ferrari, Porsche and Corvette Racing), while the Le Mans Grand Touring Endurance Amateur (LMGTE Am) entrants were six teams: Aston Martin Racing, AF Corse, Prospeed Competition, Proton Competition, 8 Star Motorsports and Krohn Racing. Porsche Team Manthey changed their driver roster: Richard Lietz could not recover sufficiently from a fractured arm he sustained while practising at Virginia International Raceway. As a precaution, Lietz was replaced by Nick Tandy who was paired by Jörg Bergmeister in the No. 91 Porsche 911 RSR. Patrick Pilet moved to the No. 92 car to partner regular driver Frédéric Makowiecki.

Paragraph 2: It is also the name of a Canadian military and civilian telecommunication research campus that is located on the shore of the bay. Organizations with facilities at the site include Defence Research and Development Canada, Communications Research Centre, the Canadian Space Agency's David Florida Laboratory, Royal Canadian Mounted Police Firearms Training Unit, Department of Defence firearms training area, and the Connaught National Army Cadet Summer Training Centre. In October 1952, the Canadian government set up an observatory at the site to attempt to measure magnetic or radio noise disturbances. The area includes the Innis Point Bird Observatory and the Shirley's Bay Crown Game Preserve, which is managed by the Ottawa Duck Club.

Paragraph 3: Scalzi also uses the Whatever to help raise money for organizations and causes he supports. Notably, in June 2007 he raised over $5000 in 6 days for Americans United for the Separation of Church and State after fellow writer Joe Hill challenged him to go visit the Creation Museum that had just opened near Cincinnati, not far from Scalzi's Ohio home, if Hill paid for the ticket, offering to match the cost with a donation to the charity of Scalzi's choice after he filed a comprehensive report on the trip online. Scalzi extended the deal to all Whatever readers, raised 256 times the admission price, and posted his critical report on the Creation Museum on November 12, 2007. In September 2010 he joined with Subterranean Press and authors Wil Wheaton, Patrick Rothfuss, Catherynne M. Valente, Rachel Swirsky and others to create a chapbook story collection called Clash of the Geeks, offered online in exchange for donations to the Michigan/Indiana affiliate of the Lupus Alliance of America. Some of the stories were selected from a competition run on Whatever to write a story to explain a painting Scalzi had commissioned from Jeff Zugale, that featured Scalzi as an orc and Wheaton riding a unicorn pegasus kitten.

Paragraph 4: In addition to the report that compared the effect of ALK-inhibitors to other therapy regimens detailed in the previous paragraph, several reports have focused primarily on small numbers of IMT patients treated with an ALK inhibitor. The European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer evaluated the effect of the ALK-inhibitor, crizotinib, on 12 ALK-positive IMT adults who had persistent and/or metastatic disease following surgical and/or drug treatment: 2 patients had complete responses, 4 had partial responses, 5 had steady disease, and none had progressive disease; 9 of these patients had at least 1 year of progression-free survival but one patient died of the disease. A review of previously published IMT patients of all ages found that: 1) 4 patients (3 with unifocal, 1 with multifocal disease) without prior treatment had complete responses to crizotinin; 2) 2 patients (1 with unifocal, 1 with multifocal disease) that had persistent disease after surgery and previously treated with chemotherapy had partial responses to crizotinib while 1 patient previously treated with a corticosteroid, prednisone, continued to have progressive disease on crizotinib; and 3) 6 patients with progressive disease after surgery (due to multifocal or unifocal disease in inaccessible sites) had complete responses (2 cases), partial responses (2 cases), stable disease (1 case), or progressive disease (1 case) in response to crizotinib. Two of these crizotinib-treated patients with progressive disease had near complete responses to second generation ALK inhibitors Another study reviewed 29 pediatric patients (age 15 months to 17 years) who were treated with an ALK inhibitor followed by surgical removal of the tumor (5 cases), surgical tumor removal followed by an ALK inhibitor (12 cases), or an ALK inhibitor without surgery. Twelve patients had complete responses, 14 partial responses, 2 stable disease, and 2 recurrences after finishing ALK inhibitor treatment. The latter two patients obtained complete responses to retreatment with crizotinib (1 case) or a second generation ALK inhibitor, ceritinib (1 case). A study of 14 pediatric patients with metastatic or inoperable ALK-positive IMT were treated with crizotinib: 5 patients obtained complete responses, 7 partial responses, and 2 stable disease. Over the study period (2–63 months), no patient developed progressive disease.  Numerous Medical history studies have had similar results in treated IMT with ALK inhibitors. However, ALK inhibitors have serious side effects; in on study, crizotinib treatment was associated with  pneumonia, fever of unknown cause, heart attack, sepsis, abdominal abscess, acute renal insufficiency, and the development of an abnormal EKG (i.e. QT prolongation). Entrectinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor that is active on ROS1 and NRTK as well as AKT, has shown clinically significant activity in individual cases of patients with IMT expressing ROS1, NRTK, and/or an ALK fusion proteins.

Paragraph 5: Julie is one of the twelve original characters conceived by the creator and then executive producer of Neighbours, Reg Watson. Casting director Jan Russ was tasked with finding the actors to play the original cast, with the majority chosen for their comedic skills. Vikki Blanche was cast as Julie when she was 18. She had graduated from the National Theatre drama school in November 1984 and was cast the following month. Blanche did not think she would win the role so soon after leaving school, so she "clowned around" at the audition. She stated "I always thought I would have to work my way up in this industry, so I didn't really take the audition very seriously. I had an idea for a character floating around in the back of my head, so I decided to combine it with what I'd been told about Julie – and went completely over the top!" Blanche began filming for the serial at the HSV-7 studios in Melbourne on 2 January 1985. She admitted that accepting the breakthrough role of Julie meant "a lot of thinking and decision-making" beforehand. She explained "People assume you just jump at a chance like that, but in a way it's a worry. I felt I was being thrown in at the deep end. I wasn't that thrilled at first. I've seen so many go into series, then I never saw them again." However, she expressed her hope that the role would be long-term, as she enjoyed her character and working with the show's cast and crew. Blanche also said that due to her workload, she had lost touch with her drama school friends and her social life was non-existent outside of those she worked with. She added "After playing a character all the week I just want to stop and catch up with myself at weekends." Blanche made her debut appearance in the show's first episode, broadcast on 18 March 1985.

Paragraph 6: Sabarimala changes him. On his return from his pilgrimage, his family discovers to their dismay that matters have swung to the other extreme. Vijayan takes faith to his heart, embraces vegetarianism and adopts a life of prayer, frugality and abstinence, eventually forsaking his debt-ridden family for a life at an ashram. His version of ashram life is one of round-the-clock prayer and an escape from daily responsibilities and work — which doesn't go well with the other residents. Soon the residents find out Vijayan has a family and abandon them thinking they would be taken care of by God since they are innocent and his primary aim for becoming a Sanyasi is to craft gold and money from the ether as some fake Sanyasi's do rather than service. The head of the ashram guides him to lose his inferiority complexes and betray himself because knowing oneself and taking up responsibilities is the foundation of true wisdom and freedom. He soon finds himself unwelcome there and returns to his home, to discover his family have moved on without him and sustains without hunger or by borrowing money as they did in the past from a tailoring business contract his wife took after he left. During her sister's marriage day she guides her sister to complete her studies and should take up a job that could make her role in their family as an equally responsible person. Vijayan tries to get back into his family which he abandoned. He tries to win his family's heart through acts and mediation's, his wife censures him for his new low. He continues with his acts to convince his wife but she finally says she sees through all these and to leave them alone. Vijayan finally breakdown but his wife rejects it which makes him declare that he is leaving them for sure if it is what they need. His wife asks him why was the emotional whimpering a moment ago and did he even think how they felt for months when Vijayan rejected and left them alone. She says there were many who suggested she remarry but she lived through each night with the hope that Vijayan would return and if this is the resolution he has come up with finally, he should go wherever he wishes. The next day with a true change of heart he returns to his teaching and the film ends with Vijayan returning to his home with his wife and children through a road where Communist leaders and Sabarimala pilgrims are marching in opposite directions.

Paragraph 7: Further promotion was accomplished through an international tour, with Sarbel's first stop being in Russia from 20 through 22 March 2007. There, he performed at the opening of the Greek pavilion of the MITT International Tourism Exhibition in Moscow and was received by the Greek embassy for a celebration of Greek Independence Day. Other activities included television interviews on Channel One (C1R), Muz-TV, Nastroyeniye on TV Centre and MTV, and interviews for GDE magazine and newspapers KP and Moskovskij Komsomolets (MK). Following Russia, the next stop on the tour was Sofia, Bulgaria from 26 through 28 March. Sarbel was a guest on Bulgarian National Television's (BNT) weekly entertainment show Vsichki pred ekrana and was interviewed by Bulgarian National Radio. The next day, he was a guest on BNT's morning show and shot a scene for bTV's Slavi Show. Other activities included interviews on music channels MAD TV Bulgaria and Balkanika TV, and for the Nov Folk, Koj, Eva, Express and Joy magazines. The third stop was in Istanbul through 1 April, Turkey where Sarbel was interviewed by television stations ATV, Doğan News Agency and Number 1 TV, radio station Metro FM and newspaper Sabah. His appearance on the show Makina saw him perform "Yassou Maria" in addition to a few Turkish-language songs, including a duet with Turkish singer Ebru Gündeş. A visit to Cyprus from 14 April came next, where Sarbel was interviewed on the RIK morning show 7 to 10 and performed his entry on the game show Pame Evropi. He later was a guest on television stations ANT1 Cyprus and Music Box and was photographed for an article in Cappuccino magazine. Stockholm, Sweden followed Cyprus where Sarbel gave interviews to several media outlets including Expressen, Aftonbladet, Punkt, Stockholm Finest, Plaza Kvinna, Blupp, Gylleneskor.se and Sveriges Television. The stop culminated with a nightclub performance where he sang "Yassou Maria" amongst several songs from his repertoire. The final stop on the promotional tour for the Greek entry was Bucharest, Romania. Sarbel performed on TVR2's Dis de seara and on the network's morning show Tonomatul where viewers were able to call or send SMS messages for the singer to respond to. Other activities included interviews on TVR's Bagag...Pentru Europa, Romantica's Teo, television stations Antena and Kiss TV, magazine Cool Girl and the radio programme Psihologul muzical, while additional performances of "Yassou Maria" were seen on the shows , De 3 X Femeie and Danutz SRL.

Paragraph 8: Williams told Tad Jones, "Paul Gayten and Earl Palmer and all of 'em used to come up there (to Club Tijuana) just to listen to me play, because they couldn't understand what I was doing. I used to, I still do it, I played thirty-second notes with my left hand, and no drummers could do that. Plus I had a mixture. My music, my drumming, is between calypso and rock, you know, blues. I had something different going. Like a double beat on the bass drum that makes it funky. I had calypso going and funk at the same time. I started the 'double clutching' with my bass drum, with my foot. Wasn't no other drummer doing that." Singer, guitarist, and songwriter Earl King agreed, "I've seen him do things with his left hand: I'm still waiting for another drummer to do it. Charles' playing emanated  out of the calypso-type stuff." During his time at Club Tijuana Williams often took part in drumming contests with Ricardo Lopez, a Cuban percussionist who played bongos and congas. Williams added Latin effects to his stylistic influences that included marches, country and western, and the music of the Spiritual church of his youth. He said "I'd take all this and hook it up and make a jambalaya out of it, and it'd come out like this funky thing." Williams was known for his experiments with adapting Latin percussion patterns to the drum set. In his playing on Tommy Ridgely's "The Girl Across The Street", the shrill, metal sound he plays on the bell of his cymbal is described by writer Antoon Aukes as an Afro-Cuban cáscara that Latin percussionists would play on a cowbell or on the sides of timbales. In Ridgely's "When I Meet My Girl", Williams came upon the well-known drum set figure of performing the high-low conga accents with rimshot-on-snare and open snare or tom-tom, as he did in Huey Smith's "Free, Single and Disengaged". Ridgely remembered the sessions, "Hungry (Williams) was on drums; this particular beat was his style- nobody could duplicate what he was doing." Record label owner and producer Al Reed acknowledged, "The change came when Funky Charles started playing drums... and a whole lot of people right now aren't hip to his contribution to rock. He was the funkiest thing out. A funky beat was characterized by drummers who improvised to make people dance harder. Funky rhythms went as far back as Congo Square and Second Line, particularly in the distinctive styles of drummers like "Tenoo" Coleman, his pupil Williams, Smokey Johnson, and Joseph "Zigaboo" Modeliste of The Meters. New Orleans saxophonist Alvin "Red" Tyler said of Williams, "This guy had more natural ability than all of them put together. He was another musician that couldn't read a note, but as far as feeling, he would do things on the drums most drummers would say, 'How does he do that?' And it was only because he didn't know he wasn't supposed to do it. In fact Earl Palmer and I used to get off our job and go to the place Hungry was working at." Palmer agreed, "Well, if you listen to the New Orleans drummers you find that they all played more bass drum than the average guy. Listen to “Hungry” play. He played a lot. You know, he sure could play." Palmer wrote in his autobiography, “A guy we called Hungry, Charlie Williams, was a mother on drums, a guy who never knew how good he was.”

Paragraph 9: DIBELS has become a fairly widely used assessment for early reading intervention by many schools in the United States but since its development and release, there have been many critics challenging the effectiveness and validity of the DIBELS assessments. One criticism has been that although the Official DIBELS homepage claims that there is an abundance of research validating the DIBELS assessments much of that was unpublished. "Of the 89 references listed, only 18 are published in professionally reviewed journals in the fields of psychology, special education, or music therapy, and eight are chapters in edited books." Similar criticism notes that the DIBELS developers claim that the research base was the reason for the widespread use of the assessments, but critics say the political pressure to use DIBELS as a part of the Reading First Initiative was the reason for the widespread adoption. An article from 2005 in EducationWeek states that DIBELS got the competitive edge because its developers and their colleagues at the University of Oregon were consultants to the U.S. Department of Education for Reading First, with one of the main developers, Mr. Good, being one of the persons who evaluated 29 early literacy tests including his own product.

Paragraph 10: Around 18% of the total employees in the organised sector of state, both public and private, are employed in the Educational sector as in March 2020. Kerala is also one of the Indian states which spend a larger proportion of its revenue for human resource development including educational and healthcare uplifting. According to the first economic census, conducted in 1977, 99.7% of the villages in Kerala had a primary school within , 98.6% had a middle school within  and 96.7% had a high school or higher secondary school within . In 1991, Kerala became the first state in India to be recognised as completely literate, although the effective literacy rate at that time was only 90%. In 2006–2007, the state topped the Education Development Index (EDI) of the 21 major states in India. , enrolment in elementary education was almost 100%; and, unlike other states in India, educational opportunity was almost equally distributed among sexes, social groups, and regions. According to the 2011 census, Kerala has a 93.9% literacy, compared to the national literacy rate of 74.0%. In January 2016, Kerala became the first Indian state to achieve 100% primary education through its Athulyam literacy programme.  Though the cost of education is generally considered low in Kerala, according to the 61st round of the National Sample Survey (2004–2005), per capita spending on education by the rural households was reported to be  for Kerala, more than twice the national average. The survey also revealed that the rural-urban difference in household expenditure on education was much less in Kerala than in the rest of India. The KITE Kerala is a state owned special purpose company under education department of the Government of Kerala. It was developed to support ICT enabled education for schools in the state. The erstwhile IT@School Project was transformed into KITE for extending its scope of operations in August 2017. Kerala is the first Indian state to have ICT-enabled education with hi-tech classrooms in all public schools. Kerala topped in the School Education Quality Index published by NITI Aayog in 2019.

Paragraph 11: "All Fired Up" is an electroclash and dance-pop track and the second single released from the band's upcoming third studio album. It was confirmed that Space Cowboy would be working on their newest album, however it was also confirmed that the band were working with Xenomania's Brian Higgins. The band confirmed that they wanted Space Cowboy to get involved in the album after he led Lady Gaga to huge success whom we worked with on tracks ("Just Dance" and "Poker Face"). The band wanted to work with MNEK after he produced a lot of Tinie Tempah's smash hits, and they are big fans of his music. When the band was asked to explain the single they said; "All Fired Up" was explained as think "Ibiza closing party meets Miami poolside rave – the girls continue to blow us away as their signature pop vocals are played over a synth dance beat creating this anthemic dance banger." The band labelled the track as their "floor filler". The song was speculated as the second single from the band's album, due to the band announcing the All Fired Up Tour a few months before they revealed the "All Fired Up" as the second single. The band shared their confidence with releasing the track due to them saying "Dance music is huge right now" however, they said they could on judge the reaction from Twitter and when the band have performed the song and the song has been requested a lot on the radio. The band confirmed that "All Fired Up" would be a "departure from dance music" as they said "It won't be any more dancey than "All Fired Up", that's as dancey as we'll get now. Our next single will be something along the lines of a ballad. There are a couple of ballads on the album." They went on to say if they made it any more dancey the song would be "too hardcore" The band revealed that Britney Spears and Rihanna's dance-pop style influenced the band to want to record a dance track. They said that the song is "definitely more clubbier" than their previous material. The band said releasing dance tracks is not means that they do not just have a "typical girl band sound", they also said "the great thing about pop music you get to try lots of different music". The track receive its first ever airplay on BBC Radio 1 on 22 July 2011, when Scott Mills airs it on his 'Ready for the Weekend' show between 6-7pm. In an interview, Una Healy said; "This is [All Fired Up] definitely the danciest song we've ever made and it's the danciest track on the album too but there are lots of different styles on the album. We understand that dance music is very big at the moment and when you're a pop act you can venture into different genres."

Paragraph 12: Monica Lynch, who was one of the first employees hired by Tom Silverman, became president of the label in 1985. As A&R for the label, she signed and managed Queen Latifah, De La Soul, and host of hip hop musicians. Even though the male–female power struggle in hip hop music has always been present, Lynch and her peers said that the early days of hip hop were magical times for women looking to make it in the record business. Julie Greenwald, Sylvia Robinson, DJ Jazzy Joyce, Mona Scott, and Claudine Joseph also made their mark on different areas of hip-hop. Greenwald and Robinson, like Lynch, became powerful music executives. For more than 25 years, DJ Jazzy Joyce has been one of the most visible and in-demand female turntablists. And Scott and Joseph have managed the careers of some of the biggest names in hip-hop. "Hip-hop provided a tremendous amount of opportunities for women, which might seem antithetical because of the association that many people have with misogyny and hip-hop," says Lynch. "There has been a lot of attention paid to misogynist lyrics in hip-hop over the years, and I'm not going to defend or damn it. I think it exists, but some of the people who helped put those records out were women."According to Jeff "Chairman" Mao, a key DJ in 1990s underground hip-hop and online hip-hop radio host, Monica Lynch managed the careers of Afrika Bambaataa & Soulsonic Force, Stetsasonic, Queen Latifah, De La Soul, Naughty by Nature among others.

Paragraph 13: María Antonia 'La Caramba''' (1951)Doubt (1951) - Rafael FigueroaMaría Morena (1951) - El SevillanoLuna de sangre (1952) - PedroThe Song of Sister Maria (1952) - TomásPerseguidos (1952)Hay un camino a la derecha (1953) - MiguelI Was a Parish Priest (1953) - MartínJudas' Kiss (1954) - Quinto LicinioAll Is Possible in Granada (1954) - Fernando OrtegaHe Died Fifteen Years Ago (1954) - DiegoHistorias de la radio (1955) - GabrielThe Cock Crow (1955) - Padre MillerLa pícara molinera (1955) - Cristóbal Paterna - el molineroRevelation (1955) - Sergio GreskyThe Big Lie (1956) - César NeiraSaranno uomini (1957) - GiacomoAmanecer en Puerta Oscura (1957) - Juan Cuenca  (1957) - AntonioLa grande strada azzurra (1957) - SalvatoreVengeance (1958) - Narrador (voice, uncredited)The Mighty Crusaders (1958) - Tancredi d'AltavillaL'amore più bello (1958) - MarioNight and Dawn (1958) - PedroLos clarines del miedo (1958) - AceitunoTen Ready Rifles (1959) - José IribarrenNazarín (1959) - Padre NazarioLlegaron dos hombres (1959) - SuperintendenteSonatas (1959) - Marqués Javier de BradomínEl hombre de la isla (1960) - Lorenzo 'El moro'Trío de damas (1960) - Alberto Sáinz RobledoCavalcata selvaggia (1960)At Five in the Afternoon (1960) - Juan ReyesAzahares rojos (1961) - Arturo Gómez ManceraLa sed (1961)Viridiana (1961) - JorgeLa Mano en la trampa (1961) - Cristóbal AchávalTiro al piccione (1961) - EliaHijo de Hombre (1961) - Vito Ribera - un famoso bandito sicilianoL'Eclisse (1962) - RiccardoSetenta veces siete (1962) - Pascual / The HorsethiefFra Diavolo (1962) - Fra Diavolo

Paragraph 14: The film begins with a shot of Baghdad in 2003, two days before the fall of Saddam's regime. It is nighttime, and the city is ablaze with fire and smoke. Two of the main characters call out the names of their loved ones from within the psychiatric ward of a Baghdad hospital, against a backdrop of explosions and gunfire. The film then cuts to five years prior in Baghdad, 1998. The three main characters, Mehdi Ali Al-Lam, Ali Hussein Araheif, and Ahlaam Mohamed Al-Saadi, are in the midst of every-day life. Ahlaam is attending University, Mehdi is getting ready to take his exam for medical school, and Ali is working as a soldier in the Iraqi military. As the movie progresses each character is faced with a turning point in their lives. For Ali, his turning point is Operation Desert Fox. He is stationed with his best friend Hasan when they are hit by the American and British bombing of Iraq in December, 1998. Hasan sustains fatal injuries, and Ali attempts to carry him to a hospital. Ali crosses a border while carrying his friend and is picked up by a van and sent to the army jail. In the army jail, he is charged as a deserter and sentenced to have his ear cut off and to incarceration in a mental asylum. For Ahlaam, the turning point is her wedding day. She is getting ready to marry her betrothed, Ahmed, when he is arrested by Saddam's men. The next time she appears in the movie, she is a patient in the same mental asylum as Ali, calling out Ahmed's name and being treated with shock therapy. For Mehdi, the turning point is when he discovers he will have to join the military rather than become a doctor as planned because his father was a communist, and thus Mehdi does not have the proper connections to achieve his goal and avoid military service. After explaining how the three main characters all arrive to the psychiatric institution, the movie cuts back to Baghdad in 2003, back to the opening scene. After serving in the military for one year, Mehdi became a doctor. In 2003, he happens to be the new doctor at the mental asylum holding Ali and Ahlaam. Presently, the mental asylum is hit by a bomb. Many of the patients, including Ahlaam, escape into Baghdad. Dr. Mehdi enlists the help of Ali to round up the patients and bring them back. The film follows Ali, Ahlaam, and Mehdi as they wander around an empty Baghdad. Ali works to recover lost patients and help bring them to safety, while Ahlaam wanders confused and lost; she is taken advantage of by a man who she thinks is Ahmed. Ali is fatally shot as he is trying to help return patients. Ahlaam runs away into an abandoned building; as Mehdi and her family try to enter to find bring her back to safety, they are blocked by American forces who don't understand the situation and answer with force. The final shot of the film shows her standing on top of the building, looking at Baghdad.

Paragraph 15: In the waters on the western side of Lady Julia Percy Island lies pieces of a RAAF Avro Anson aircraft. On 15 February 1944, Avro Anson AW-878 of 2 Air Observer's School (2 A.O.S.) took off from Mount Gambier airfield in South Australia at 0800L hours on 15 February 1944 to carry out a radius of action navigation exercise. They were to fly from Mount Gambier to Douglas Point, radius of action to Lady Julia Percy Island, radius of action to Douglas Point and then back to Mount Gambier. At 1230L hours by which time the aircraft had not returned to base, overdue signals were sent out. At 1300L hours a search was carried out over the route of the exercise and at 1430L hours part of the main plane of the aircraft was sighted on Lady Julia Percy Island. A fishing boat searched in the vicinity of the island that evening and passed through small pieces of wreckage strewn over about 3 miles. A further search by boat was carried out the next morning in the same area which resulted in the recovery from the sea and the island of the port and starboard wingtips, the port aileron, the door to the gunner's cockpit, portion of a main spar, the top cover of a fuel tank bay and a Mae West. The top cover of the fuel tank bay had the number AW-878 in pencil on the underneath side and the Mae West was identified as having been drawn and signed for by Flight Sergeant MacLellan on 15 February 1944. The bodies of the 4 crew members were never located. Those crew members presumed to have lost their lives in this tragic accident were: Flight Sergeant James Henry MacLellan (410684) Pilot; Flight Sergeant Dennis Leslie Baulderstone (416712); LAC Norman Thomas Kruck (433368); and LAC Brian Carter Ladyman (436921).

Paragraph 16: In late 2010 at CES 2011, Cricket unveiled Muve Music, the carriers own music streaming service alongside the $199 Samsung Suede SCH-r710 which was the first phone to support Muve Music and included a 4GB SD Card to store music on. Muve Music was initially included in its own $55 plan but was later expanded to all plans as a $5 add-on before being included in all plans free-of-charge. The music service was deemed by Cricket as a major success and credited with helping drive up at least 100,000 new subscribers in the course of a few months. Muve Music originally required an SD Card with a capacity of at least 4GBs to download music, the ability to do so without an SD Card was introduced in version 4.0 of Muve Music but required an internal storage capacity of at least 4GBs. Muve Music 4.0 was officially unveiled on the Samsung Galaxy S III, Samsung Galaxy S4 and Samsung Galaxy Discover while the Samsung Galaxy Admire would ship with version 3.5 but was upgradeable to version 4.0. At its peak, the service was the biggest music streaming service in regards to paying customers with a customer base of 2.3 million users and was hinted in making appearances in international markets such as in Brazil. The fate of the service was put in doubt after the acquisition of Crickets parent company, Leap Wireless, by AT&T and was rumored to be merged with AT&Ts own Beats Music service or possibly left as-is. AT&T expressed a lack of interest in maintaining the service and discontinued it in May 2014. AT&T made Muve Music inaccessible to any new phone purchased after the merger but allowed legacy handsets bought before the merger to access the service. The service was acquired by Deezer for $100 million and formally shut down on February 7, 2015. Deezer offered all Cricket customers a discounted $6 plan which was made available on January 31, 2015. Cricket offers a variety of phones including most of the latest iPhone and Android models.

Paragraph 17: The suburb was known as "Flogstoghum" in the Early Middle Ages and was a part of the Church parish of Uppsala. However, it was generally thought to be uninhabited until the late 16th century, when it became part of a 'Kronopark' or "Crown Lands", a semi-forested area owned directly by the Government and used for Government purposes. Until the 1840s, Flogsta was a small village and was not included within the City Limits of Uppsala. Indeed, until 1869, the city boundary of Uppsala to the West ended at Krongatan, a couple of miles to the west of the Castle, to Ekeby in 1898 and to Flogsta in 1912. Large scale habitation and concrete building started only in the 1910s as accommodation for workers in various industries in Central Uppsala, and until the 1920s there were no municipal services in Flogsta. In the 1920s, the first suburban houses came up in Flogsta as residences of white collar workers who worked in the City but wished to live close to the countryside. In the 1950s much of the suburb was earmarked for the Million Programme as student housing, and hence the suburb got its present characteristic as a densely populated "concrete block" student suburb only by the end of the 1960s.

Paragraph 18: The game is notable for combining strategy and shooter elements in gameplay. The limited unit choices (6) and specials (one for each unit) make the game extremely balanced. There are no resources needed to build units, as every player has exactly 1000 credits. Building units uses credits, but a player that loses a unit regains the money instantly and can rebuild it (or another unit), penalized only by the time taken to rebuild. Players also do not construct buildings, but use buildings located at fixed positions on the map. Players win the game by completing one of three objectives, depending on the game type:

Paragraph 19: In the original novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, the Good Witch of the North is summoned to the Munchkin Country when Dorothy Gale's falling house kills the Wicked Witch of the East. She arrives at the site of the Wicked Witch's death with three Munchkins and is the only one brave enough to speak to Dorothy, who, having killed the Witch of the East, is believed to be a powerful sorceress. She welcomes Dorothy to the Land of the Munchkins, points out the body of the dead witch and then introduces herself as the Witch of the North. Having been told that all witches are evil, Dorothy is initially frightened of her, but she assures Dorothy that she is a good witch who is much loved by her people. She also mentions that she is not as powerful as the Witch of the East had been, or she would have liberated the Munchkins from slavery herself. Using a magic slate formed from her hat, she advises Dorothy to travel to the Emerald City to seek the aid of the powerful Wizard of Oz in returning to Kansas. She kisses Dorothy on the forehead, a magical act that serves to protect Dorothy on the journey, because "no one will dare injure a person who has been kissed by the Witch of the North". This statement is proven to be correct later in the book, when the sight of the shining mark left by the kiss prevents Dorothy from being harmed by the Winged monkeys or the Wicked Witch of the West. The sight of this mark is also one of the factors which convinces the Wizard to admit Dorothy to his presence.

Paragraph 20: The Warwick Football Club was formed in 1873 in Warwick to play under Australian rules, however lacking any nearby competitors for 3 years it played mostly intra-club scratch matches until Brisbane club Civil Service travelled to Toowoomba to play against a newly formed Toowoomba Football Club in 1876. AFL Queensland cites the Toowoomba Football Club as forming in 1873, however few sources back this up. As the game spread further west of the Great Divide clubs were split on whether to adopt rugby or Australian rules. Nevertheless, it is noted that clubs from the region in this era were able to hold their own against those from Brisbane. A Toowoomba Football Association formed in 1876 teams were 16-a-side however the rules used were not fully documented and some suggest it could have been an early rugby association which would be contemporary with the code being introduced to Brisbane. The Light Infantry Corps formed to play against the Light Infantry Football Club. The Association disappeared a couple of years later. As Downs clubs lacked nearby opponents rugby was more suited to facilitating matches against New South Wales clubs, as a result local competition went into recess. An exception was an 1878 match between Old-Victorians and All Comers played in front of a large crowd.  The Queensland Football Association formed in 1880 and affiliated with the Victorian Football Association, however clubs outside of Brisbane were becoming increasingly frustrated by the lack of representation for the whole colony. In 1881 matches were once again played in Toowoomba when the Toowoomba Grammar took up the sport. By 1882, a Toowoomba Association (affiliated with the QFA) had re-formed including both clubs and schools in the region. In 1883, a team of 12 travelled from Excelsior FC (Brisbane), noting a revival of the code in the region. The inclusion of the Allora Football Club at Allora in 1883 provided more regular interaction between the clubs. However the code suffered a major blow when, after the Brisbane private school association in 1887 voted to switch to rugby including Toowoomba Grammar. A senior Toowoomba Rugby Football Club formed in 1887and this was the last mention of the Toowoomba Football Club or any other Downs clubs playing Australian rules. After the collapse of the QFA in 1890 the Toowoomba Rugby Association and Toowoomba British Football Association were able to grow unopposed.

Paragraph 21: A feminist, her novels promoted gender equality and were mostly protagonised by young women yearning for independence. Kate O'Brien's determination to encourage a greater understanding of sexual difference — several of her books include positive gay/lesbian characters —,  make her a pioneer in queer literary representation. O'Brien was herself lesbian, and had a number of relationships with women, including the novelist E.M. Delafield, and the artist Mary O'Neill, who has been described as her 'life partner'. She was very critical of conservatism in Ireland, and the banning of her books highlighted the absurdity of the Irish censorship laws. Following a debate on the banning of The Land of Spices in the Irish senate, and a campaign supported by Seán Ó Faoláin and others, the censorship laws were somewhat reformed in 1946 by creating an Appeals Board. The Land of Spices which had been banned in 1941 was 'unbanned' in 1949, but Mary Lavelle was never officially 'unbanned'. In this way, O'Brien helped bring to an end the cultural restrictions of the 1930s and 40s in the country. She lived much of her life in England and died in Faversham, near Canterbury, in 1974. At the time of her death, she was poor and most of her books were out of print. In the 1980s, her work was recovered by feminist scholars and reprinted by feminist publishers such as Arlen House in Dublin and Virago in London. She is now considered to be a major twentieth century Irish writer.

Paragraph 22:  S. 1561–1566, Begich's first bills, each introduced on August 3, 2009, would address a number of issues affecting the Arctic region. S. 1561 would increase coordination among the United States, Russia, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Denmark, and other seafaring and Arctic nations with regard to navigation, monitoring of conditions, and marine pollution in Arctic waters. S.1562 would review and make more efficient scientific research being conducted in the Arctic and would direct the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to develop an observation, monitoring, modeling, and research plan for black carbon and other aerosols. S. 1563 would create a U.S. Ambassador At Large for Arctic Affairs. S. 1564 would increase the studying of, preparation for, and responses to oil spills that occur in the Beaufort and Chukchi Seas. S. 1565 would direct the United States Arctic Research Commission to submit biennial reports to Congress detailing the strategies to deal with health needs specific to populations living in the Arctic. S. 1566 would create a grant program in the Department of Agriculture to aid individuals and organizations in the Arctic in adapting to changes in climate and would fund research detailing the most appropriate responses to changes in Arctic climate. Begich later introduced S. 3580 and S.3584, which are similar to S.1564. S.1563, S.1565, S.3580, and S.3584 were reintroduced in the 112th Congress as S. 1229, S. 1227, S. 203 and S. 204. S. 1563 and S. 1565 were reintroduced in the 113th Congress as S. 270 and S. 271.

Paragraph 23: The clause was based on a number of precedents, including the Constitutions of Clarendon, the Bill of Rights 1689, and the Pennsylvania and New Jersey colonial constitutions. An initial draft by John Dickinson was prepared in conjunction with his drafting the Articles of Confederation.  In 1789, then-congressman James Madison prepared another draft which, following discussion and debate in the First Congress, would become part of the text of the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights. The Establishment Clause is complemented by the Free Exercise Clause, which allows individual citizens freedom from governmental interference in both private and public religious affairs.  

Paragraph 24: The Bolsheviks who took power during the October Revolution, the final phase of the Russian Revolution, were the first communist party to take power and attempt to apply the Leninist variant of Marxism in a practical way. Although they grew very quickly during the Revolution from 24,000 to 100,000 members and got 25% of the votes for the Constituent Assembly in November 1917, the Bolsheviks were a minority party when they took power by force in Petrograd and Moscow. Their advantages were discipline and a platform supporting the movement of workers, peasants, soldiers and sailors who had seized factories, organized soviets, appropriated the lands of the aristocracy and other large landholders, deserted from the army and mutinied against the navy during the Revolution.

Paragraph 25: First, Vinchurkar's gun infantry targeted British Resident Elphinstone's house by firing from the other side of the river. After he left, Kokare's cavalry burned all the bungalows of the British in the vicinity. The residency was left and was at once sacked and burned, and Mr. Elphinstone retired to join the troops at Khadki. A message to advance was sent to Colonel Burr who moved towards Dapodi to meet Captain Ford's corps; the corps united and together pushed on to the attack. Amazed by the advance of troops whom they believed had been bribed or panic-struck, the Maratha skirmishers fell back, and the Maratha army, already anxious from the ill-omened breaking of their standard, began to lose heart. Gokhale rode from rank to rank cheering and taunting, and opened the attack pushing forward his cavalry so as to nearly to surround the British. In their eagerness to attack a Portuguese battalion, which had come up under cover to enclosures, some of the English sepoys became separated from the rest of the line. Gokhale seized the opportunity for a charge with 6000 chosen horsemen. Colonel Burr who saw the movement recalled his men and ordered them to stand firm and keep their fire. The cavalry charge proved ineffectual. The charge was broken by a deep morass in front of the English. As the horsemen floundered in disorder the British troops fired on them with deadly effect. Only a few of the Maratha horses pressed on to the bayonets, the rest retreated or fled. The failure of their great cavalry charge disconcerted the Marathas. They began to drive off their guns, the infantry retired, and, on the advance of the British line, the field was cleared. Next morning the arrival of the light battalion and auxiliary horse from Sirur prevented Gokhale from renewing the attack. The European loss was sixty-eight and the Maratha loss 500 killed and wounded.

Paragraph 26: Wilde transforms the dance from a public performance for his guests, as in the Bible, to a personal dance for the king himself. He gives no description of the dance beyond the name, but the idea of a series of veils has been connected to a process of unveiling. As Malik says, "although Wilde does not describe Salome's dance or suggest that she remove any veils, her dance is invariably assumed to be one of unveiling, thus revealing herself." Wilde's play has even been proposed as the origin of striptease. Toni Bentley writes "Wilde's bracketed brevity allowed for a world of interpretation. Can the invention of striptease be traced to a single innocuous stage direction in a censored play that could barely find a theater or audience? Can Oscar Wilde be considered the unlikely father of modern striptease?"

Paragraph 27: Diamond color is graded by comparing a sample stone to a master stone set of diamonds. Each master stone is known to exhibit the very least amount of body color that a diamond in that color grade may exhibit. A trained diamond grader compares a diamond of unknown grade against the series of master stones, assessing where in the range of color the diamond resides. This process occurs in a lighting box, fitted with daylight equivalent lamps. Accurate color grading can only be performed with diamond unset, as the comparison with master stones is done with diamond placed on its table facet and pavilion side facing upwards ( i.e.  "upside down"— resting on the face one normally looks at). When color grading is done in the mounting, the grade is expressed as an estimated color grade and commonly as a range of color. Grading mounted diamonds involves holding the mounted diamonds table close to the table facet of the master stone and visually comparing the diamond color under the same color conditions as unmounted diamond grading. The resulting grade is typically less accurate, and is therefore expressed as a range of color. While a grading laboratory will possess a complete set of master stones representing every color grade, the independent grader working in a retail environment works with a smaller subset of master stones that covers only the typical grade range of color they expect to encounter while grading. A common subset of master stones would consist of five diamonds in two grade increments, such as an E, G, I, K, and M. The intermediate grades are assessed by the graders judgement.

Paragraph 28: In a Welsh Gypsy tale, Ō Grīnō Mūrš or The Green Man of Noman's Land, a youth named Jack is great at gambling. One day, he plays against a gentleman named Green Man who lives in No Man's Land, but loses. The Green Man threatens the youth with decapitation if he does not find his castle in a year and a day. Jack, his life at risk, journeys on horseback to an elder woman's house. This first old woman blows a horn and summons the people, then the birds, to see if anyone knows the location of No Man's Land. With little success, the old woman directs her to one of her sisters. The same happens to the second sister, so she directs him to the eldest sister. The eldest and third sister summons all people and all birds of the world through a horn, but the eagle is missing. The eagle comes soon after and reveals it has flown from there. The eldest sister then advises Jack to ride her horse to a lake and wait there for the Green Man's daughters to come to bathe in the shape of white birds; they will cast off their feathers and become humans, and he should steal the feathers of the third daughter. The youth follows the old woman's instructions: Jack steals the youngest's feathers and promises to return them if she carries him to her father's castle over the lake. The girl gets her feathers back and warns Jack not to reveal she was the one who carried him over to her father's house. And so it happens: Jack is flown over by the white bird and reaches the Green Man's castle. The Green Man greets him and orders him to perform tasks: first, to clean out the stables; then, to cut down large trees before midday; next, to build a barn and to thatch its roof with feathers. The Green Man's youngest daughter performs the tasks and tells Jack not to tell her father about her deeds. The fourth task is for Jack to go to a mountain and fetch an egg a bird laid there. The youngest daughter guides him: he is to throw a shoe on the lake and it will become a boat; then, to climb the mountain, she will turn her fingers into ladder steps, and Jack is to step on each one on the way up. Jack misses one of the steps and the girl's finger is broken, but they get the egg. The next day, the Green Man's youngest daughter tells Jack that the last task is for him to choose her three times from a flock of three white birds that will fly overhead three times. Jack identifies the correct bird and the Green Man declares that he can marry his daughter.

Paragraph 29: The jō, like its larger sibling the Bō, was never an effective killing-weapon on the battlefield in comparison to the sword, spear, glaive and bow. Although the jō and most other staves could be used to lethal effect when thrust at vital points of the body, when faced with a fully armored opponent those vital points would in most cases be covered by armour-plating. As a result, there were very few ryu that were dedicated to the staff-arts in the warring era with other more effective weapons were available, but there are several ryu that include jō techniques in its system. One example is the jō-tradition found in the koryū art Tendō-ryū Naginatajutsu, founded in 1582. In Tendō-ryū, which uses the Naginata as the primary weapon, there are techniques with the jō that simulates a scenario where the naginata has been cut in two and the wielder has to defend himself with the staff-portion only. With the onset of peace with the start of the Edo-period (1603–1867), the conflicts with heavy armored warriors became a thing of the past. In this era, the jō art would come into its own against non-armored samurai, rōnin, bandits, and other opponents. It was extensively used to police the local clan domains.

Paragraph 30: Kevin D. Thompson of Cox News Service said Blind Justice is "worth your attention mostly because of Ron Eldard's standout performance as Dunbar", a character whom he described as "one of TV's most intriguing new characters." Vikki Ortiz of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel watched the premiere with members of the Badger Association of the Blind and Visually Impaired in Milwaukee and found that generally they considered it a realistic portrayal of what it is like to be blind, citing use of proper commands being given to his guide dog and having Detective Bettancourt lead him with her arm. Ortiz mentioned that several people did say that it was unrealistic that he would be allowed to carry a gun. In her review of the pilot Alessandra Stanley of The New York Times found that Blind Justice "is at its best when portraying how people react to the character Jim Dunbar". Stanley goes on to say in her review that "the scenes at the precinct when he first returns to work are intelligently and delicately written. His heroism, and the groundbreaking lawsuit he filed, turned him into a celebrity cop, and his colleagues on the force greet him with graceless courtesy and palpable resentment. Dunbar is blind, but in a previous generation, he could have been black or female and encountered a similar kind of churlishness."