Paragraph 1: Pocahontas was the subject of widespread media coverage between May and July 1921 due to mechanical problems, sabotage and mutiny. The vessel left New York on 23 May 1921 en route to Naples.  On 25 May, she was anchored off Nobska Point in Vineyard Sound in need of repair. A gang of boilermakers and mechanics boarded the ship to make repairs en route to Boston. Further repairs were undertaken in the Azores in June. The vessel did not arrive in Naples until 4 July, spending 43 days at sea. It was later reported that the vessel had been subject to sabotage and that some of the crew "began to threaten the commander and to damage the machinery and the electric light apparatus and even attempt ... to sink the steamer" Just before entering Naples, the assistant engineer drowned when he jumped overboard. On arrival in Naples, the ship's captain submitted a full report to the American consul, who conducted an investigation. The crew, in turn, filed charges of cruelty against the captain with the Italian authorities. While the crew were returned to the United States, the ship was repaired in Naples. A "great deal" of cotton waste was found in the steamer's pumps, but otherwise it suffered only minor damage. Although she was due to sail for New York on 31 July, the ship was ordered to stay in port pending payment of debts incurred in relation to the repair work. The total repair bill amounted to 2,700,000 lire. Despite intervention from the American consul, the ship did not sail until 8 September. Due to frequent bunker fires, however, the ship was considered to be in worse condition "than when it was in drydock". The vessel was again laid up on 22 September, this time in Gibraltar, having suffered further damage to her machinery. Passengers were transferred to other vessels. The ship then remained inactive until she was sold in 1922.

Paragraph 2: currently engaged to Tanya. Shortly after Dana and Tanya announce their engagement, Alice visits Dana to tell her she can't marry Tanya and impulsively kisses her, and their true feelings for one another are revealed as Dana kisses her back. Dana eventually splits up with Tanya (made easier when Tanya casually admits she had been cheating on Dana, implying that Tanya was only interested in Dana for her fame). Though the two seem happy in their relationship, Dana's ex Lara comes back at the end of the second season, raising Alice's suspicions, particularly when Dana shows surprise at Alice's suggestion that they live together and refuses to say she loves her. Though Dana confides in Alice that she wants to visit Lara to talk and get closure on their past relationship, Alice's fears are realized when it is revealed in the third season that Dana's dinner with Lara was Lara's attempt to resume their relationship knowing that Alice is with Dana. As a result, Alice is subsequently left devastated to the point of stalking and obsessing over Dana despite her friends' attempts to get her to move on. Alice has a brief affair with a woman named Uta, whom Alice becomes convinced is a vampire, and is slowly able to overcome her heartbreak, but Dana is later diagnosed with terminal breast cancer, and in her depression she shuns Lara, telling her to leave and find someone else, and turns to Alice for support. Alice and Dana's friends all provide her with love and friendship during her final weeks.  After Dana dies Alice and the others are devastated. They attend her visitation but are treated as secondary people by not being allowed to sit near the front, which was for "close friends and relatives". During the service the minister said Dana could have found a man to care for her, which does not go over well with her friends and ends with Alice standing up and proclaiming that "Dana was Gay" and then leaving the room.

Paragraph 3: In a traditional RISC design, better referred to as load-store architecture, memory is accessed explicitly through commands that load data into registers and back out to memory. Instructions that manipulate those data generally work solely on the registers. This allows the processor to clearly separate the movement of data from the processing done on it, making it easier to tune the instruction pipelines and add superscalar support. However, programming languages do not actually operate in this fashion. Generally they use a stack containing local variables and other information for subroutines known as a stack frame or activation record. The compiler writes code to create activation records using the underlying processor's load-store design.

Paragraph 4:  On his fifteenth birthday, he discovered that he was not related to his mother, Akane, and his sister, Rumi. His actual parents were Akane's best friends, Ryousuke and Haru. When Bossun was about to be born, his parents died in two separate accidents. His father died while saving a child, and his mother died from giving birth. He ran away from home and wandered around aimlessly. After meeting Taisuke Mishima, the child who his father had saved, Bossun received the present that Ryousuke had meant to give to Haru after the birth. Bossun read the letters, saying about how he should help other people. However, in anger, he flung down the letters and claimed that he would only live for himself. After watching a student his age be bullied (it was actually Tsubaki, but he had longer hair and glasses then, so they didn't recognize each other after they met again), he discovered that he had truly inherited his parents' blood because he couldn't resist helping other people. He, later on, returned to Akane and Rumi, and continued to live with them. Bossun continued to believe that he was alone in the world, before the doctor who had helped deliver him came to him on his 17th birthday and told him that he had a younger twin brother. As a result, he realized that his brother was actually Tsubaki Sasuke from the Student Council. Bossun felt deep down that he had already known because everybody kept saying that they were similar. Despite knowing that they were brothers, both Tsubaki and Bossun continue to have an awkward rivalry with each other, often breaking into fights, but slowly getting closer, as brothers should. He also has inherited some behavior from Akane having shown that whenever she yells at Bossun at some point she would end up saying "dummy" repeatedly. He has shown a great assortment of talents, such as being able to draw as well as a manga artist, able to make origami be extremely lifelike, and being excellent at riddles, the second-best in the school. He is the older twin of Tsubaki, he is slightly lazier and childish than him, but he can be mature when in a serious case, also he is more creative than Tsubaki. In the last chapter of the manga, he graduated from Kaimei High School and Himeko revealed her true feelings for him. He is last seen living in the United States helping two children crying near a road.

Paragraph 5: São Paulo LGBTQ Pride Parade () is an annual gay pride parade that has taken place in Avenida Paulista, in the city of São Paulo, Brazil, since 1997. It is South America’s largest Pride parade, and is listed by Guinness World Records as the biggest pride parade in the world starting in 2006 with 2.5 million people. They broke the Guinness record in 2009 with four million attendees. They have kept the title from 2006 to at least 2016. They had five million attendants in 2017. As of 2019 it has three to five million attendants each year. In 2019, it was also the second larger event of the city  of São Paulo in terms of total revenue (after Carnaval)  and the first in terms of daily revenue. In 2010, the city hall of São Paulo invested 1 million reais in the parade. According to the LGBT app Grindr, the gay parade of the city was elected the best in the world.

Paragraph 6: Russ Breimeier of Christianity Today stated "Things are off to a strong start for 24-year-old singer/songwriter Jon McLaughlin from Anderson, Indiana. After opening for the likes of O.A.R., Live, and Marc Broussard, his debut album (named for his home state) released to the mainstream last May. Much like his friend and tour mate Matt Wertz, McLaughlin offers subtle expressions of faith, but they still inform his broad spectrum of songwriting. All of this is delivered with impressive piano pop reminiscent of Ben Folds and Gabe Dixon crossed with Scott Krippayne and Mark Schultz—the piano runs in 'People' and 'Industry' would impress even Bruce Hornsby. It's a nice alternative to all the Jack Johnson and John Mayer copycats out there. Though some of the pop songs are as predictable as average Christian adult contemporary, the strong production values by Greg Wells (Rufus Wainwright, Natasha Bedingfield) and Jamie Houston (Jessica Simpson, Macy Gray) helps elevate it. McLaughlin's considerable skills shine, enough so to make you glad that he's using his talents to reach a broader audience." JesusFreakHideout's Jessica Gregorious claimed "The debut from this Indiana-bred singer and songwriter is proof that he finished at the top of his class at Anderson University. A musician with this much talent needs not go unnoticed. Indiana is, if anything, a fresh take on a fairly overplayed genre. It was easy to fully expect another pop record with the same old thing we hear over and over, but this album offers much more than your typical ballads on love and life. Indiana is one everyone can relate to, young or old. If you were going to invest in a pop/rock record this year, look no further. Not only does Jon McLaughlin offer up piano-playing talent on a silver platter, he offers an acceptable and more artistic alternative to the likes of Gavin DeGraw and Josh Kelley." AllMusic said "Not to be confused with the innovative jazz guitarist of the same (differently spelled) name, Jon McLaughlin is a young singer-songwriter with a knack for catchy pop songs and earnest sentiments. McLaughlin's debut album Indiana, named after his home state, is packed with tunes that tackle love, loss, family, and friends with all the honesty and ardor of a young troubadour setting out to make his mark with nothing but a piano and some great pop hooks. Indiana is a promising first effort from an artist who should appeal to both pop aficionados and singer-songwriter fans."

Paragraph 7: In early 2008, CDTA announced that it was going forward with the bus rapid transit line on NY 5, which included 19 upgraded stations. NY 5 BRT service began on Monday, April 4, 2011, with new silver and red-branded Gillig 40-foot hybrid buses, numbered Route #905 and referred to as BusPlus. When NY 5 BusPlus service began, Route #55 was renumbered Route #355 and shortened to provide Rt. 5 local service, between Downtown Schenectady and Colonie Center.  Route #1 continues to provide Rt. 5 local service between Downtown Albany and Colonie Center. Route #55x (the Schenectady/Albany Express buses) was replaced with Routes #530, #531 and #532 (Route #532 was merged with Route #531 on November 13, 2011). Route #2 was replaced with Routes #125 and #138 during Phase 1 of the Albany County Route Restructuring in November 2011. BusPlus service runs the entire length of the Route 5 corridor, although it currently operates differently from the original plans.  In the short term, transit signal priority and queue jump lanes are being constructed and will be rolled out as features of the bus rapid transit service.  Although it is called bus rapid transit, Route #905 is more of an enhanced limited-stop service than an actual BRT service, with only 19 stops between Downtown Schenectady and Downtown Albany.  Improvements and expansions to BusPlus are still in planning, with proposed lines along the Washington Ave./Western Ave. corridor in Albany and along the NY 32/Broadway corridor between Downtown Albany, Menands and Troy/Cohoes. In November 2020, the BRT BusPlus Service was expanded from one to three routes with #905 being referred to as the "Red Line" and the two new routes that operate along the NY 32/Broadway corridor between Downtown Albany, Menands, and Troy/Cohoes, #922 & #923, as the "Blue Line". The proposed line along the Washington Ave./Western Ave. corridor is being referred to as the "Purple Line".

Paragraph 8: By contrast with its competitors, CBS had contributed a scant number of made-for-TV feature-length films; and what little they had scheduled were mostly produced in association with independent companies like QM Productions, or CBS-owned Cinema Center Films, through its television film unit, Cinema Center 100. However, four years earlier, CBS had entered into an agreement with Universal to contribute $340,000 to the studio's million-dollar budgeted remake of the classic western The Plainsman (1966). In return, CBS was granted the right to exclusively premiere the film as a Thursday Night Movie telecast. However, once production was completed and The Plainsman was screened for Universal's top brass, they concluded they had a hit movie on their hands. Thus, the studio re-negotiated with CBS to drop its commitment to run the film first so that Universal could instead open The Plainsman in theaters. The network agreed, but only on condition Universal promise in return "to give [CBS] an existing feature film from their backlog." (That replacement feature turned out to be the 1950 fantasy Harvey, starring James Stewart.) Nevertheless, CBS vice-president Michael Dann, a fan of the TV-movie innovation, predicted two months afterward that in the near-future "the studios will be making 50 to 75 such pictures a year." The 1970-71 season would prove him correct. And when the Thursday Night Movie opened its fall schedule with the premiere of a low-budget, made-for-TV movie, rather than a proven Hollywood blockbuster guaranteed to lure mass viewership, it became CBS's way of declaring its commitment to product that, although cheaply manufactured, was nevertheless new and topical. In this case, the movie was The Brotherhood of the Bell, and the film's star was Glenn Ford, a movie actor who had never appeared in a television-film. In fact, before shooting on the project even began, Ford had been warned by friends in the industry that he would hate the experience. Instead, the actor reported that "it was five of the most enjoyable weeks I've ever spent working...it was a good solid script with people like Maurice Evans and Dean Jagger working with me." The film received respectable notices from the critics, and its reputation has grown ever since. In 1986, for example, critic David Deal would label Brotherhood "one of the very best television movies of the era...a first-rate production." And in recent years, it has acquired the reputation of a conspiracy-theory cult classic. As a result of the film's success, the new season would witness CBS's determination to increase its output of works produced directly for television—especially during late February to early April 1971, when 5 out of 11 features shown were made-for-TV world premieres.

Paragraph 9: Gaston Le Breton (1845-1920) - Léon de Vesly (1844-1920) - André Dubosc (-1935) - Georges Dubosc (1854-1927) - Raoul Aubé (1846-1921) - Édouard Duveau (1839-1917) - Narcisse Beaurain - Edmond Bonet - Émile Bellon - Charles Collette - G. Debray - Louis Deglatigny (1854-1936) - François Depeaux (1853-1920) - F. Devaux - Ernest Fauquet - Eugène Fauquet (1850-1926) - J. Félix - J.-B. Faucher - A. Fleury - Albert Fromage (1843-1904) - R. Garreta - Onésime Geoffroy - Émile Janet - Jules Lecerf - Lucien Lefort (1850-1916) - Legrip - Ferdinand Marrou (1836-1917) - G. Moïse - V. Quesné - Paul Toutain - A. Witz - Marie - Raoul Brunon (1854-1929) - Balley - Antonio Keittinger (1855-1902) - Henri Delamare - Paul Brunon - Gustave Leseigneur - Ruel Martin - René Martin - François Hue - Levesque - Élie Percepied - Édouard Pelay (1842-1921) - Ferdinand Coutan (1852-1952) - Leverdier - Desmonts - Guérin - Jean Lafond (1888-1975) - Émile Schneider - Georges Lemeilleur - Henri Gadeau de Kerville (1858-1940) - Le Testu - Émile Bellon - Marcel Cartier (1861-1926) - Émile Fauquet - Chivet - Julien Loth (1837-1913) - Héron - Paul Pinchon - Roncero y Martinez - Lamain - Paul Piquet - Henri Hie - Marcel Nicolle (1871-1934) - G. Laurent - Lancesseur - Lassire - Héaullé - Denize - J. Fontaine - Brunet-Debaines - A. de Rothiacob - Albert Lambert - Chédanne - Lestringant - Raymond Loisel - Delarue - G. Vallée - Le Villain - Laborde - Latouche - Heurion - Lefèvre-Mézand - Ernest Delaunay (1854-1939) - Armand Descande - Paul Barre - E. Simon - A? Boutrolle - Julien Robert - Montier - Morel - Dardel - Lamy - Léon Coutil (1856-1943) - Richard Waddington (1838-1913) - François-Xavier Knieder (-1904) - Lucien Deglatigny - C. Caill - Louvet-Renaux - G. Girieud - Lambard - Thénard - Édouard Delabarre (1871-1951) - Abel Blanchet - Georges de Robillard de Beaurepaire (1863-1941) - Verpillot - Keittinger - Daniel Lenoir - Calippe - Paissard - Stanislas Villette - Mainnemare - Charles Leblond - Robert Lesage - Louis Dupendant - Laurent Trévoux - Pierre Le Verdier - Bernard Héronchelle - Lesourd - Giraud - Augé - Robert de Pomereu (1860-1937) - G. Chavoutier - Ridel - Gaston Lévy - Bonet-Paon - Le Plé - Le Bocq - Auguste Jeanne - Wilhelm - Ravenez - Henri Cavrel - Maurice Lemarchand - Paul Baudoüin (1844-1931) - Sevin - Augustin Le Marchand - A. Chevalier - Martin - Allais - Auguste Leblond - Georges Ruel (1860-1942) - Georges Privey - Gaston Bertel - Armand Le Corbeiller - Vaumousse - Hoffman - Georges Monflier - Georges Drouet - Achille Manchon - Louis Prévost - H. Godron - Manfred Wanckel - Georges Delacaisse - Pierre Derocque (1872-1934) - Maurice Nibelle (1860-1933) - Foucher fils - Henri Geispitz - Octave Marais - Henri Huet - G.-A. Godillot - André Dubosc - Joseph Dépinay - Taupin - Laquerière - Ch. Sahut - Pierre Chirol (1881-1953) - Albert Letourneur - Roussel - Bourgeois - Cartier - Maurice Allinne (1868-1942) - Jean-Pierre Bardet (1937-) - Louis Boucher (1857-1940) - Raymonde Bouttier (-1997) - Charles Brisson (1890-1979) - Alfred Cerné (1856-1937) - Élisabeth Chirol (1915-2001) - Louis Dubreuil (1873-1943) - Jeanne Dupic (1901–1984) - Henri Labrosse (1880-1942) - Daniel Lavallée (1925-1989) - Paul Le Cacheux (1873-1938) - Georges Liebert (-1951) - Raymond Quenedey (1868-1938) - Patrice Quéréel (1946-2015) - René Rouault de la Vigne (1889-1985) - Georges Vanier (1877-1961) - Pierre-René Wolf (1899-1972) - Lucien-René Delsalle (1935-2018)

Paragraph 10: The final section of the road was a late creation, consisting of a road laid out in 1805 when Morfe Heath was enclosed (as far as Six Ashes and then various existing roads for the rest of its route.  This was turnpiked in 1816 and remained under the control of a trust until 1877. It terminates in the Quinton area on Halesowen's border with Birmingham and Oldbury. The split junction with Stourbridge Ring Road on the western side of the town replaced the formerly two way narrow section of the road but which necessitated the demolition of buildings on the new alignment.

Paragraph 11: Wessel, Duval & Co. was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1825 Augustus Hemenway (Edward Augustus Holyoke Hemenway) (1805-1876) as Hemenway & Co.. Augustus Hemenway started the shipping company to move his timber products to markets. Augustus Hemenway had timberland in Maine and started his schooner shipping company to take timber to Eastcoast ports. Later he opened a sugar plant in Cuba, his ships would take lumber to Cuba and bring back sugar. Next, he expanded his timber products to Argentina and other Western South American ports. By 1828 the company expanded to Valparaiso, Chile.  Augustus Hemenway married into a Boston merchant family, marrying Mary Tileston (1820-1894) in 1840. In 1865 Héctor Beéche (?-1914) became a partner in the firm and a subsidiary company, Wessel, Duval y Cía, was founded in Chile by Charles P. Hemenway, Augustus's brother. Charles had acted on Augustus' behalf in other matters as needed and became a partner in 1870. T. Quincy Browne became a partner in 1870 also and for a few years the firm was called Hemenway & Browne. In 1875 William Muller joined as a partner, the name returned to Hemenway & Co. Augustus Hemenway died in Cuba in 1876.  The partnership continued as Hemenway & Co. till 1885. In 1885 Muller retired and Carlos Wolff joined the partnership, the company name was changed to Hemenway, Beeche and Co..  In 1888 Peter "Perdo" M. Wessel (1851-1821) joined the partnership and the company name was changed to Browne, Beeche and Co..  In 1891 a New York City office was opened on 68 Brad Street, and most key workers moved to New York. The next year the Boston office was closed.  In 1896 Wolff retired and in 1897 George L. Duval (1855-1931), W. L. Parker, and q became partners. With the new partners, the company name was changed to Beeche and Co.. In 1905 T. F. Budge and Robert Jaffray became partners. In 1907 the company name was changed to Wessel, Duval & Co.  In the 1900s the company moved from sailing ships to steamships and opened a new West Coast Line at 47 Cedar Street, later moved to 1 Broadway. The West Coast Line started regular service from New York City to Valparaiso and Callao, Peru. West Coast Line main cargo was railroad and mining equipment to the expanding business in Chile and Peru, along with general cargo. The Chile rail firm, Ferrocarril del Llano de Maipo in Santiago used Wessel, Duval & Co. to import their railroad equipment in 1890. The return cargo from Chile was nitrate of soda. The West Coast Line chartered steamship as needed and was the US manager and agent for other shipping lines. West Coast Line also shipped UK and US coal for coal ships and to nations. For the West coast of South America both the steamer and sail ships used the starits of Magellan, this changed on August 15, 1914, with the opening of the Panama Canal, some routes began to use the Panama Canal cutting about 10,000 miles off the trip. The outbreak of World War I changed service, some charted ships were requisition by their home country, and the United States Shipping Board, gave some ships to the Line to operate for the War effort. Normal operations did not return till 1924, all post-war work have been completed. In from 1920 to 1932, West Coast Line was the US agent for Compania Sud Americana de Vapores, the South America Steamship Company of Chile. South America Steamship Company had luxury passenger service to and from Chile and New York City, on a fleet of luxury steamers: SS Renaico, SS Aconcagua and SS Teno. During World War II Wessel Duval & Company operated ships to support the war in the Pacific War and European theatre. Wessel, Duval & Co. operated some ships in the support of Korean war in the early 1950s. As ships aged and were retired Wessel, Duval & Co. has moved into media, advertising and marketing.

Paragraph 12: The huayru is a dice game played in South America at funerals. The game is traditionally played with llama bones, as they are believed to have a special power to attract the soul of the deceased. There are many reasons for the playing of this game, but all of which revolve around divining the will of the recently deceased. There is an example of how the huayru game was used in order to divine the fate of the community during an ecuadorian agrarian reform, and interpreted the dice throw as the deceased being unhappy with the direction the community was heading. This shows that the game provided a link between the living and the deceased, with the game serving as a way to communicate and receive guidance. The game also represents the journey of the deceased, with the dice representing llamas that undertake a journey throughout places associated with commodities such as a silver mine, and it is this journey that introduces ambiguity into the game. The players of the game try to influence the results of the dice by offering prayers or pouring libations, indicating it is a game of chance. This is in contrast to the cultural context of the game, where the deceased is the one who controls how the dice fall, and the players react as such, beating on the corpse of the deceased and questioning why it wishes them to fail if the dice do not fall in their favour. The dice themselves in some cultures instead are carved out of manioc or plantain as opposed to llama bones, and are carved in the shape of a canoe. Both llamas and canoes hold significance as they are both symbols of travel, with both llamas and canoes being used to carry cargo long distances, and so the playing of the game assists the soul of the deceased on its journey. For some Amazonian societies, the symbol is more powerful as the corpse of the deceased is placed in a hollowed tree called a canoe.

Paragraph 13: The majority of the main characters in Robin Hood are based on the English folk tale of the same name. The title character (Jonas Armstrong) has returned to England after five years fighting in the Third Crusade as part of the King's Guard. He is shocked to find the Sheriff of Nottingham, Vaisey (Keith Allen), running the town with an iron fist upon his return. Robin is soon made an outlaw, and takes it upon himself to steal from the rich to feed the poor along with his gang, which consists of his best friend Much (Sam Troughton); two young men he saved from hanging, Will Scarlett (Harry Lloyd) and Allan A Dale (Joe Armstrong); the ex-leader of a band of outlaws already in the woods, Little John (Gordon Kennedy); and another young man named Roy (short for "Royston White") (William Beck), who is killed in episode 4, and replaced in episode 5 by Djaq (Anjali Jay), a Saracen slave using the alias of her dead brother. Robin is pleased to find that Lady Marian (Lucy Griffiths) is still unmarried. It is hinted that they had previously been romantically linked in their youth, prior to Robin leaving to fight in the Holy Land. Their relationship upon his return is strained, but develops into a friendship. Their relationship comes to a dramatic climax in the series one finale, both admitting their love for one another. A love triangle challenges their relationship in series two with Marian becoming closer to the Sheriff's second-in-command, Sir Guy of Gisborne (Richard Armitage). Guy often puts Marian in difficult situations where she has to appear to help him, when actually working to protect Robin and the people of Nottingham. Marian has her own alias,'The night watchman' dubbed by the people she secretly helps; Robin is initially unaware, until her identity is revealed in episode three of the first season. The Sheriff plots to kill King Richard (played by Steven Waddington) in his role as leader of the Black Knights, who wish to place Prince John on the throne. The Sheriff constantly tries to capture or kill Robin and the outlaws for continuously interfering in his scheme to take over England. The second series sees the Sheriff step up his plans to take control, finally culminating in a battle in the Holy Land. As the outlaws foil the Sheriff's attack on King Richard with aid from Marian who is killed by Guy of Gisborne whilst she is protecting the injured King. Robin and Marian are married as she lies dying, with the outlaw gang as witnesses. Djaq and Will, now together, decide to stay in the Holy Land after they encounter a friend of Djaq's uncle.

Paragraph 14: The German Bettina Hoy was initially awarded first place.  During the first jumping phase, she received 14 time penalty points in an otherwise flawless round.  This put her in eighth place going into the final phase.  The Germans appealed those points, noting that the time on which the points had been assigned (the time from when Hoy had first crossed the starting line) was not the same time as the time displayed on the stadium clock and which Hoy had thought was the official time.  The clock had been reset and displayed the time from when Hoy had crossed the starting line the second time, which was when she began her jumps.  These points were then rescinded by the Jury of Appeal, which put Hoy in second place only 2.20 points behind the then-leader.  In the final jumping phase, Hoy moved into first place and was awarded the gold medal on 18 August.  The Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled on 21 August that the appeal had been incorrectly upheld and ordered that the 14 points be returned to Hoy's score.  This stripped her of her medal and put her in ninth place.

Paragraph 15: The source of the commotion is a group of men pursuing a young woman who is swimming frantically away from the other ship. Templar rescues the woman who, after some considerable hesitation, identifies herself as Loretta Page, a private detective who is investigating the mysterious disappearance of sunken treasure from the Atlantic. When she learns her rescuer is The Saint, she enlists his help in tracking down a group of modern-day pirates. These pirates, led by Kurt Vogel, are using newly developed bathyscape technology to reach the sea floor and scour recent shipwrecks for gold and other booty before officially sanctioned salvage operations arrive. And Vogel is not against committing cold-blooded murder to keep his operation going.

Paragraph 16: Nicolas-Théodore de Saussure was born into a wealthy, aristocratic, Genevan family, many of whose members were accomplished in the natural sciences, including botany.  He was the second child of Horace-Bénédict de Saussure (1740–1799), who was an eminent geologist, meteorologist, physicist and Alpine explorer, and Albertine-Amélie Boissier (1745–1817).  His great uncle, Charles Bonnet, was a famous naturalist whose research included experiments on plant leaves. His grandfather Nicolas de Saussure was a noted agriculturist, for whom Nicolas-Théodore was named.  Nicolas-Théodore was called "Théodore" to distinguish him from his grandfather, and he published his professional papers under the name Théodore de Saussure after his father died.  (While his father was alive, Théodore's papers were published under the name "de Saussure fils", as was the custom of the day for the sons of scientists having the same surname. Nicolas-Théodore, his sister, Albertine, and brother, Alphonse, were educated at home because their father thought the educational system of the day was inferior.  From 1782 to 1786, he attended the University of Geneva, where he studied math, science, and history. During the early years of the French Revolution he traveled abroad, meeting with eminent scientists in London.  He traveled abroad again in the late 1790s, and in 1800 became acquainted with Parisian scientists and other luminaries.  While there, he took courses in chemistry and presented a paper.  Upon returning to Geneva in 1802, he accepted an honorary professorship of mineralogy and geology at the University of Geneva.  Although he taught very little, he remained on the faculty until 1835. He lived quietly and somewhat reclusively, doing research in his own private laboratory (as was the custom for scientists of his day), but, like others in his family, he was active in public affairs in Geneva, and he served on the Genevan representative council.

Paragraph 17: Don and friends Cyril, Steve and Edwin are bus mechanics at the huge London Transport bus overhaul works in Aldenham, Hertfordshire. During a miserably wet British summer lunch break, Don arrives, having persuaded London Transport to lend him and his friends an AEC Regent III RT double-decker bus. They convert the bus into a holiday caravan, which they drive across continental Europe, intending to reach the South of France. On the way, they are joined by a trio of young women Sandy, Angie and Mimsie, who are a singing group Do-Re-Mi, and change their destination to Athens in Greece, which means passing through Yugoslavia.  They are also joined by a runaway singer Barbara pretending to be a boy, herself being pursued by her mother Stella and agent Jerry.

Paragraph 18: Things change when Seibei's childhood friend Tomoe (sister of Iinuma Michinojo, one of his better, kinder samurai friends and much higher ranked in the clan) returns to town. Tomoe is atypical in that she was a tom-boy as a child and as an adult questions points of etiquette, such as obeying her elder brother's wife and not attending peasant festivals. Recently divorced from an abusive alcoholic husband (Koda, a samurai captain), Tomoe finds comfort and solace with Seibei's daughters. Tomoe's ex-husband Koda barges into the household of Michinojo in the middle of night in a drunken demand for Tomoe and challenges Michinojo to a duel which Seibei accepts on Michinojo's behalf believing Michinojo could not win. This takes place with Seibei knowing his clan forbids duels and the penalty is usually death for the winner as the loser is already dead. Michinojo arrives before Seibei and is facing Koda. Seibei interrupts and decides to use only a wooden stick whilst Koda brandishes a steel katana. Koda, after being disarmed and asked if that can be the end of it, picks up his sword so Seibei knocks him unconscious, sparing both their lives. A few days later, Captain of the Guard Yogo passes by Seibei while Seibei is working in the stores and quietly announces he is friends with Koda who has asked him for help in seeking vengeance on Seibei. Recognising that Seibei has some skill and learning that Seibei has learnt a particular style of fighting Yogo hopes they can duel someday. Seibei's workmates learn of the duel and wonder if they should stop calling him by his nickname.

Paragraph 19: Tree rings are especially useful as climate proxies in that they can be well-dated via dendrochronology, i.e. matching of the rings from sample to sample.  This allows extension backwards in time using deceased tree samples, even using samples from buildings or from archeological digs.  Another advantage of tree rings is that they are clearly demarked in annual increments, as opposed to other proxy methods such as boreholes.  Furthermore, tree rings respond to multiple climatic effects (temperature, moisture, cloudiness), so that various aspects of climate (not just temperature) can be studied.  However, this can be a double-edged sword.

Paragraph 20: A vanity plate or personalized plate (United States and Canada); prestige plate, private number plate, cherished plate or personalised registration (United Kingdom); personalised plate (Australia, New Zealand, and United Kingdom) or custom plate (Canada, Australia and New Zealand) is a special type of vehicle registration plate on an automobile or other vehicle. The owner of the vehicle pays extra money to have their own choice of numbers or letters, usually portraying a recognizable phrase, slogan, or abbreviation, on their plate. Sales of vanity plates are often a significant source of revenue for North American provincial and state licensing agencies. In some jurisdictions, such as British Columbia, vanity plates have a different color scheme and design.

Paragraph 21: The process of finding qualified individuals begins with call for nominations put out each spring by the Saskatchewan Honours Advisory Council, which then makes its selected recommendations to the lieutenant governor. Posthumous nominations are accepted within one year of the date of death and in 2001 the Provincial Emblems and Honours Act was amended to allow for honorary membership in the order, granted to those who are neither current nor former residents of Saskatchewan; Prince Charles, Prince of Wales, was the first honorary member of the Saskatchewan Order of Merit, having been appointed on 24 April 2001. The lieutenant governor, who is ex officio a member and the Chancellor of the Saskatchewan Order of Merit and remains a member following his or her departure from viceregal office, then makes all appointments into the fellowship's single grade of membership by letters patent bearing the viceroyal sign-manual and the Great Seal of the province; thereafter, the new Members are entitled to use the post-nominal letters SOM and have their portrait added to the Athabasca Gallery at the Saskatchewan Legislative Building.

Paragraph 22: In March 2016, Bonez Dubb released his first single titled "I Can't Wait" which was accompanied by a music video. A week later he released his second single titled "Laid Back". In mid/late March he released his third single titled "Mobb Murda" featuring Canonize Productions artist Saint Decay. On March 31, 2016, the fourth and final single was released titled "You Ain't Real" featuring Young Lyte and Str8 Jacket. On June 17, 2016, it was announced by Bonez Dubb that he will be releasing a new clothing line called "Truth Clothing Company", he will release a new music video for the song "Laid Back", and lastly he will release a new mixtape titled: "Show Me The Truth". During the AMB seminar at the 2016 Gathering of the Juggalos it was announced that Young Wicked and Bonez Dubb would be releasing solo albums. Also it was announced that Cutt & Stitched Vol. 2 would be released soon. Finally it was announced that the new Axe Murder Boyz album titled Muerte will be released in mid 2017. On September 24, 2016, Young Wicked announced that he will be headlining his own Halloween Show in Denver, Colorado on October 31, 2016, and would feature J-Dirty. On September 25, 2016, Young Wicked released the rest of the Halloween Tour dates dubbed "Hallows Eve Slaughter Show" running from October 28, 2016, through October 31, 2016. Bonez Dubb and Mindshot will be the supporting acts for the mini tour. Also announced was a list of tour dates for the "Slaughter Tour" will be released soon. The tour is to support Young Wicked's debut solo album Slaughter which was released on September 4, 2015, via solely on Psychopathic Records. On November 17, 2016, it was announced that Str8Jaket was the new in-house engineer for Psychopathic Records creating speculation if Young Wicked is a producer/engineer on the label or has been fired. Young Wicked is scheduled to perform at Twiztid's New Years Evil 9 and Twiztid's release party for The Continuous Evilution Of Life's ?'s on January 27, 2017, at The Roxy in Denver, Colorado with Boondox. Bonez Dubb is setting up a tour with Native World Inc.'s Kegan Ault. The tour is called The Wicked Wild West Tour. On December 31, 2016, it was announced that Young Wicked has signed to Majik Ninja Entertainment and has 2 new shirts available on Twiztid-Shop, as well as a brand new CD available titled, Vengeance EP, cementing the speculation that he had been let go and had left Psychopathic Records.

Paragraph 23: With his brothers Charles and Albert, Gustav formed Stickley Brothers & Company in 1883, the same year he married Eda Ann Simmons. Within five years, the company was dissolved and Stickley’s ambitions led him to partner with Elgin Simonds, a salesman in the furniture trade, to form the firm Stickley & Simonds in Binghamton, New York.  During the 1890s, Stickley divided his efforts between his new enterprise and the Auburn State Prison. At the prison he and his brother Leopold served as a foremen of furniture operations. In 1898, he orchestrated the removal of his business partner and formed the Gustave Stickley Company (he dropped the use of the "e" from his first name in 1903).

Paragraph 24: The Einarson rink had a slow start to the 2021–22 season, failing to win any of their first five tour events. Their best finish came at the 2021 Sherwood Park Women's Curling Classic where they lost in the final to Tracy Fleury. The team reached the quarterfinals of the 2021 Masters, however, then missed the playoffs at the 2021 National. At the 2021 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials, the team went through the round robin with a 4–4 record. This earned them a spot in the first tiebreaker, where they defeated Casey Scheidegger 8–6. They then faced Krista McCarville in the second tiebreaker, where they lost 4–3 and were eliminated. The team's next event was the 2022 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Thunder Bay, Ontario. Through the round robin, the defending Scotties champions posted a perfect 8–0 record, earning a spot in the playoffs. They then lost in the seeding round to New Brunswick's Andrea Crawford, meaning they would have to win three straight games to defend their championship title. In the playoffs, the team won the 3 vs. 4 page playoff against Team Fleury and then defeated New Brunswick's Crawford in the semifinal to reach the Scotties final where they would face Northern Ontario's McCarville rink. After controlling the entire game, Team Einarson sealed the victory with a steal of one in the tenth end. With the win, they became just the fourth team to win three consecutive Scotties titles. They then went on to represent Canada at the 2022 World Women's Curling Championship, where they fared much better than in 2021. The team finished the round robin tied for second place with a 9–3 record, however, due to their draw shot challenge, finished third overall. This placed them in the qualification game where they defeated Denmark's Madeleine Dupont to advance to the semifinal. There, they took on South Korea's Kim Eun-jung. After taking control in the seventh end, South Korea stole the ninth and tenth ends to hand the Canadian team a 9–6 loss. They were able to rebound in the bronze medal game with an 8–7 victory over Sweden's Anna Hasselborg. Team Einarson wrapped up their season at the final two Slams of the season. At the 2022 Players' Championship, they made it all the way to the final where they were defeated by the Hasselborg rink. At the 2022 Champions Cup, the team secured their fourth Grand Slam title as a foursome with a 10–6 victory over Gim Eun-ji.

Paragraph 25: At his wedding, Godefroy de Montmirail is interrupted by the news that his bride's father, Duke Fulbert, is gravely ill. Consulting the wizard Eusebius, Godefory finds out that the corridors of time are somehow being held open and this is killing his future father-in-law. Godefroy is determined to find how this has happened and who is responsible. Back in present day, Jaquouille and Ginete rob a supermarket, and drive to Beatrice for work. Jean-Pierre, the dentist who is married to Beatrice, has many patients who Jacquouille scares away, so Beatrice decides to let him watch TV. He believes it is a work of Satan, and destroys it and sets the house on fire. In the meantime, Jacquart is being tortured by the Inquisition by water cure. The inquisition shoves a funnel in his mouth and turns on a water pipe. Jacquart's belly begins rapidly growing to the point where his belly button pops out. He admits that Godefroy burnt his Range Rover (a reference to the first film), but the Inquisition believes that it was a person, Range Robert, and they are about to torture Jacquart further when Godefroy intervenes. In the future, Beatrice gives Jacquouille and Ginette the potion, and Jean-Pierre accidentally drinks one glass. She says the spell, and Jean-Pierre and Jacquouille fall in to the year 1123. Montmirail is being invaded, and he and Jacquouille fight the invaders. Godefroy is riding by, and he saves Jacquouille, but he sees that Jacquouille is wearing a huge ruby ring. Realising that Jacquouille stole the Duke's treasure and that the remaining items are in the future keeping the corridors of time open, they return, along with Jean-Pierre, and Jacquart. Jean-Pierre ends up in the forest, the others under the castle. They escape and terrorize the hotel, except for Jacquart who is urinating everywhere due to the water torture he underwent. Jaquouille and Godefory go to Ginette, who tried to turn in the rubies for money, and instead was beaten up. Cousin Hubert's ex-wife, Cora has the jewels, she tells them. They go to Cora's house, and take the jewels. In the morning, they go to Montmirail where a wedding is taking place. They create havoc at the wedding, by  pouring ice cream into a woman's cleavage, and using a plunger to destroy the police chief's hat. They take the potion, and say the spell, however, the potion has again been made wrongly, and they end up in 18th century France, during the French Revolution. Jacquouille sees his descendant, Jacqouillet, as an adviser to Napoleon Bonaparte, and screams to him as they are arrested as aristocrats.

Paragraph 26: The earliest documents recognised by English Heritage in relation to this hall are 1681 Court of Chancery papers, written when the Jenison family owned it. However it has been suggested that part of it dates from around 1500 and that in the early 16th century it was the dower house to Walworth Castle. Low Walworth was sold by Francis Jenison when he moved to the continent in 1775 and was later made a Count of the Holy Roman Empire. It is a sizeable 17th- or early-18th-century house with 19th-century additions to the left and rear. It is built of partially rendered coursed rubble and ashlar, brickwork chimneys and a Welsh slate roof. The left−hand or western addition to the south−facing main block, with the ball finial on the parapet (see image), is 18th-century or earlier and possibly a former barn.

Paragraph 27: This crater became of interest to scientists when the Lunar Prospector detected unusually high concentrations of hydrogen on the floor of this and other nearby craters using a neutron spectrometer. The floor of this crater is kept in permanent shadow from the Sun, and thus maintains a temperature below . Thus the floor forms a cold trap, and any molecules of water that wander into the crater from cometary impacts can deposit on the floor and remain there almost permanently. The instruments on board Lunar Prospector gave a concentration of about 146 ppm of hydrogen, compared to 50 ppm for the average lunar surface.

Paragraph 28: The Hogon-ji Temple (see fig. 4) seen today is very reminiscent of the Amida style Buddhist halls and is a good example of traditional Japanese twists on Chinese architecture. This can be seen in the Chinese trait of the temple being off the ground on a base platform. However, despite the fact that the temple is on an elevated platform, it does not make the building look isolated and removed from its environment as some Chinese structures appear to be, but instead the Japanese architects have made it appear as if it is floating on the terrain and integrated with the environment. The fact that the Hogon-ji Temple was built in honor of Benzaiten probably explains why the temple looks like it is floating on the ground and why flowing lines in the architecture are important.  The temple obviously uses the traditional Chinese and Japanese post-and-lintel style. This is evidenced in the vertical columns that support horizontal beams. The front of the temple appears to have three bays or architectural sections, kens in Japanese terms: one bay on the left side of the doors, the bay with the three doors, and the bay on the right side of the doors. On top of the wooden vertical columns in the front of the temple are typical Japanese 3-on-1 bracket complexes. These bracket complexes are what support the horizontal beams above them. The three part eave on the front of the temple is a stylistic trait of the Amida Halls. The middle section of the temple's exterior makes the temple look as if it is more than one story; however, due to the style of Amida Halls it is most likely just a mokoshi. A mokoshi being a gap in the architectural rafters that make a structure appear more stories than it actually is. Mokoshis also make a structure appear as if it has one roof over another. Note the three-stepped bracket complexes that support the actual roof. Three-stepped bracket complexes are composed of three of the 3-on-1 looking brackets stacked on top of each other with each 3-on-1 bracket supporting a ceiling beam. The ends of these beams can be seen decoratively sticking out from the structure at the corners of the actual roof. This bracket system is a very common trait of traditional Japanese architecture. Also it is documented that the more complex a structure's bracket system is, the more important it supposedly is. Therefore, the Hogon-ji Temple would have been pretty important seeing how it has the complex three-stepped bracketing system. The square flying rafters that extend just to the edge of the underside of the eave roofs and actual roof are an excellent touch that both accentuates the curvature of the roofs and adds a natural element of simple decoration. As apparent, the roof is indeed curved, a trait carried over from Chinese architecture. However, Chinese curved roofs were curved much shallower than their Japanese successors. As seen in fig. 4, the curvature of the temple's actual roof is quite drastic. Also, the downward angle of the actual roof itself is quite steep. This angle is most likely to help with rainwater run-off and symbolic of apotropaic qualities. Curved roofs were commonly believed to ward off evil spirits because evil spirits hated curves and that they would also fall off of the roof due to its drastic angle. Thus, curved roofs are very commonly used in Chinese and Japanese architecture. The sag in both the eave roof and the actual roof is a trait reminiscent of Chinese architecture. Yet, the upward turned corners of the roof are a distinctly Japanese trait that was not seen in Japanese architecture before the Heian period. The temple has what is termed a hogyō, a pyramidal roof that converges at a central point. Also commonly seen in Chinese and Japanese architecture are ridges curving along the top curves of the actual roof. Overall, the architecture of the temple is very plain and undecorated compared to some of the more ornate temples. This could be because the temple is Buddhist and therefore, its patrons hold to the idea of moderation in life. Yet, because of its simplicity it looks very elegant, flowing, and natural in the surrounding environment.

Paragraph 29: Asked recently by the Sunday Times if he had ever been "hard up" he responded "No. When I got pocket money as a young boy, I would save it. Apart from a blip when I was first in business, I've always had money. From the age of 16, I worked as a milkman in my holidays and saved to buy my first car, a Mini van". In the same article, Davies was asked if he was better off than his parents had been. "Financially, I am. But "better off" should be measured by more than finance. My parents were an amazingly happy couple and never wanted for anything. My father was the manager of a sausage factory and my mother bought and ran a post office in her fifties".

Paragraph 30: In April 2021, the Senate Parliamentarian—an in-house rules expert—determined that the Senate can pass two budget reconciliation bills in 2021: one focused on fiscal year 2021 and one focused on fiscal year 2022. In addition, the Senate can pass additional budget reconciliation bills by describing them as a revised budget resolution that contains budget reconciliation instructions. However, the Parliamentarian later clarified that the “auto-discharge” rule that allows a budget resolution to bypass a Budget Committee vote and be brought directly to the Senate floor does not apply to a revised budget resolution. As a result of this ruling, a revised budget resolution would need to be approved by a majority vote of the Budget Committee before proceeding to the Senate floor, or deadlocked with a tied vote and then brought to the Senate floor via a motion to discharge. In a 50-50 Senate where committees are evenly divided between parties, this has the functional effect of requiring at least one member of the minority party on the Budget Committee to be present in order to provide a quorum for a vote. Considering the inherently partisan nature of reconciliation legislation, it is highly unlikely that a member of the minority party will cooperate with the majority by providing a quorum on the Committee, thus practically limiting the majority of a 50-50 tied Senate to one reconciliation bill per fiscal year.