Paragraph 1: Ray "Skip" Johnson, Jr., now a professor at Queens College, published a triarchic model of P300 amplitude in 1986.  Although he does not explicitly refer to P3b in this paper, most of his discussions refer to P3b.  He offered three things that affected the amplitude – subjective probability, stimulus meaning, and information transmission.  He summarized his view in the following formula: P300 amplitude = f[T x (1/P + M)], where P is subjective probability, M is stimulus meaning, and T is information transmitted.  He describes subjective probability as objective probability with the added element of human judgment of how relevant a stimulus is to the task, and notes that P300 amplitude is directly related to the amount of uncertainty that is reduced by a stimulus. A closely related dependence between the P300 and subjective probability was shown by Levi-Aharoni et al. who used a fuzzy, compressed representation of stimulus probability to explain the single-trial variability in the P300 response magnitude. However, it has also been found that P300 amplitude can change in the absence of changes in probability.  Stimulus meaning therefore refers to variables that account for the processing of a stimulus that are not related to probability.  (Recall that Chapman and Bragdon found that only the stimulus that had meaning in their experiment elicited the late positivity.)  Stimulus meaning encompasses three independent variables that can be manipulated – task complexity (how difficult a task is, or how many tasks must be performed at once), stimulus complexity (perceptual demand, or how many relevant features of the stimulus must be processed – a face being more complex than a dot), and stimulus value (the significance, or for example the monetary value: the greater the value the larger the P300 amplitude).  Information transmission is the proportion of stimulus information received by a person relative to how much information the stimulus originally contained.  There are external and internal manipulations of information transmission.  When much information is lost for external reasons, for example because the stimulus is harder to discriminate or perceive, P300 amplitude is lower.  Internal manipulations are variations in how much attention subjects are required or allowed to give to the stimulus.  P3b requires attention, and increasing the difficulty of maintaining attention will correspondingly decrease P3b amplitude.  To summarize, Johnson describes that probability on many levels, the relevance of the stimulus to the task, and the amount information a stimulus transmits are all variables that will determine P3b amplitude.

Paragraph 2: Eugenio María de Hostos Community College of The City University of New York is a public community college in the South Bronx, New York City. It is part of the City University of New York (CUNY) system and was created by an act of the Board of Higher Education in 1968 in response to demands from the Hispanic/Puerto Rican community, which was urging for the establishment of a college to serve the people of the South Bronx. In 1970, the college admitted its first class of 623 students at the site of a former tire factory. Several years later, the college moved to a larger site nearby at 149th Street and Grand Concourse. The college also operates a location at the prow building of the Bronx Terminal Market.

Paragraph 3: Jason Sherman wrote Patience mainly in a realist style.  These scenes happen in real time; although he jumps from scene to scene each individual scene takes as long as it would in real time. The characters do not go to unrealistic places; they remain in the actual real world except for Reuben's encounter with Paul. This play stays on one storyline, Reuben is the main character and the play follows his path. The audience is an objective one; we are viewing the play from afar and are not involved in the story. It also follows a real issue of storyline, the time. This play was written in 1998 and is about a successful businessman who loses everything. Something that could be very possible in that time and especially in the world today. The play does not give the audience a fairytale ending. It ends with Reuben finally coming to grips with the fact that he is at fault for all the bad events in his life. Although most realist plays run in chronological order, other realist plays do not and are still considered realism because their scenes seem to fit together correctly in the order presented. This is true for Patience as there are flashbacks but at very strategic points that give the audience insight into why things have just happened as they did. In Patience there are elements of absurdism. Reuben, within his mentality is living in a world full of absurdism. He is at the mercy of a higher power, whatever that might be. By the end of the play he comes to terms that his life cannot be changed. A quote from A Student's Guide to Play Analysis demonstrates how much the theatre of absurd is involved: “The purpose of writing, therefore, is simply to express their despair and perhaps to share it with others; to find in a sense, comfort in knowing that they are not alone in realizing that they are in fact, completely alone” (Rush 232). This is almost the exact realization that Reuben finds at the end. Patience can also be seen as a postmodern play. Sherman gives the audience many thought-provoking monologues where characters explain their ideas on whether individuals control their destiny or that their actions have no barring on outcomes. The audience is faced with the question if all events connect or if they just happen randomly. The play focuses on the dialogue of the play and less on the story. The message of the play can be seen in those monologues. The play's structure does not go through chronological order it focuses on how closely the scenes are tied together.

Paragraph 4: Before Li Jue could return to the capital, Dong Zhuo was assassinated by Lü Bu in a plot orchestrated by Wang Yun, and the Liang Province faction inside Chang'an yielded to Lü Bu and Wang Yun. Li Jue and his comrades Fan Chou, Guo Si and Zhang Ji implored Wang Yun to show mercy, but the latter only granted amnesty to Dong Zhuo's other subordinates because Li Jue and his comrades were the closest aides to Dong Zhuo. Therefore, the four planned to relinquish their positions and go into hiding. However, Li Jue's chief adviser Jia Xu suggested that they should take this opportunity to launch a strike at Chang'an since the regime was unstable after the coup. The four then roused several thousand hardcore followers to attack Chang'an. Wang Yun had sent Xu Rong and Hu Zhen (former members of the Liang Province faction) to fight the Liang Province forces en route, but Xu Rong was killed in the first encounter while Hu Zhen led his troops to join the rebels, inflating the size of the rebel force. Along the way, Liang Province residents joined the rebels' course, and the expedition force burgeoned to over 100,000 when they surrounded the capital. Lü Bu attempted to break the siege, but was forced back inside the city gate despite him seriously wounding Guo Si in a duel. After eight days of sieging, Shu troops within Lü Bu's army rebelled and opened the gates for Li Jue's faction. After entering Chang'an, the rebel troops looted the city, killing more than 10,000 people in the process. While Lü Bu managed to escape, Wang Yun remained; Wang was eventually forced to surrender himself to the rebels and was killed a few days later.

Paragraph 5: As a CBS affiliate, WBAY-TV benefited from that network's coverage of National Football League games, primarily those of the Green Bay Packers. The station carried its first Packers game a few months after signing on, and continued to air most Packers games until 1991 by virtue of CBS holding the rights to the Packers' conference, the National Football Conference (for the 1992 and 1993 seasons, Packers games moved to WFRV when that station switched to CBS). Packers games drew up to a 90 percent share of the audience during the team's championship era of the 1960s under Vince Lombardi (including the team's first two Super Bowl triumphs in Super Bowl I and Super Bowl II, the former of which was also carried by then-NBC affiliate WFRV), and the station carried the team's coaches' show The Vince Lombardi Show. The station also originated the team's exhibition game coverage from the 1960s to 2002, with some exceptions. Main anchor Bill Jartz has been Lambeau Field's PA system announcer since the start of the 2005–2006 season. The station continued to air Monday Night Football Packer games originating from ESPN beginning with the move of MNF to cable starting with the 2006 until the 2015 season. For the 2016 season, WLUK-TV, the Packers' primary home by virtue of Fox presently holding the rights to the NFC, acquired the syndication rights to the ESPN games under a multi-year agreement. It was the first time that WBAY did not broadcast a Packers game during an NFL season in its 63-year history, and the station would not carry another Packers game until December 19, 2022, a home matchup with the Los Angeles Rams, as ABC began to simulcast select Monday Night Football games with ESPN.

Paragraph 6: In 2003, a sex tape featuring Salomon and then-girlfriend Paris Hilton was leaked onto the Internet. Shortly afterward, Salomon filed a lawsuit against the company that distributed the tape, and against the Hilton family, whom he accused of tarnishing his reputation by suggesting that he had exploited Hilton. Salomon further claimed in his $10 million suit that representatives of the Hiltons tried to discourage media outlets from playing excerpts of the tape by saying that Hilton was underage when the tape was made (which would have made showing the tape illegal – Hilton was actually 19 when the tape was filmed), and were attempting to crush him to preserve the image they had created for her. Hilton later sued the company that released the tape, Kahatani Ltd., for $30 million for violation of privacy and emotional distress.

Paragraph 7: Returning to Europe in 1966 he was engaged by Benjamin Britten after many Covent Garden auditions for the role of MacHeath in Britten's adaptation of The Beggar's Opera and sang this role under the baton of Norman Del Mar in London, France and in Montreal at the World Expo in 1967. After study with Modesti in Paris he was engaged for his first Wagnerian role, Lohengrin, which he sang first at the Kiel Opera House in 1967. In Kiel, he went on to sing Herman in Tchaikovsky's The Queen of Spades, Otello, Andrier Chenier, Hoffman, Canio, Gounod's Faust, Don Jose, Florestan, MacDuff in Macbeth etc., as well as singing classical operetta roles such as Sou Chong in The Land of Smiles, Danilo in The Merry Widow, The Count of Luxembourg and The Gypsy Baron. He also created roles in four world premieres during this time and later Rashomon for the Olympic Games in Munich. He was constantly offered Wagnerian roles and finally agreed to sing Siegmund under the baton of Hans Zender and Klaus Tennstedt. This was a success and was followed by Loge in Das Rheingold and Erik in The Flying Dutchman. During this time in Kiel he guested all over Europe and returned to London for performances of Pluto in Orpheus in the Underworld and Bacchus in Ariadne auf Naxos under Sir Charles Mackerras. He made numerous television appearances during this time also e.g. The Phil Silvers Show, where he sang arias and appeared in a duet with his former idol, Sergeant Bilko. He made his debut at the Bavarian State Opera, Munich as Dimitri in Boris Godunov under Rafael Kubelík and then returned to Australia for concerts and a recording of Malcolm Williamson's The Violins of Saint-Jacques with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, which was also released on video. Returning to Europe he finally decided to accept offers to sing both Siegfrieds and sang his first Ring in London under the batons of Sir Charles Mackerras and Sir Reginald Goodall. His first German Ring was in Wiesbaden and he was offered numerous contracts to sing the two roles in Italy, Germany, Switzerland and France. He continued every year to sing the Siegfrieds and Siegmund in the famous English Ring in London and went on to create the Siegfrieds in the Herz Ring in Wagner's birthplace, Leipzig. He sang in this famous production for several seasons before deciding to take his family back to Australia, where he was to sing a recital tour with Geoffrey Parsons, record two albums and sing numerous concerts for the ABC throughout Australia. He sang Siegmund and Siegfried for the Australian Opera, again under Sir Charles Mackerras and performed Die Walküre with both Hiroyuki Iwaki and Leif Segerstam. With his wife, the Swedish soprano Monique Brynnel, he made a television series and appeared in numerous concerts and sang with her in seasons with the Victorian and Queensland Opera companies. He lived in Kew in Melbourne and made a career teaching singing privately, having numerous successful students enter the opera world. He had two sons; Jon (b. 1955 to first wife soprano Margaret Nisbett) and Jack (b. 1974).

Paragraph 8: Born in Glasgow, Lamont attended Woodside Secondary School and obtained a degree from the University of Glasgow. After studying for teaching qualifications at Jordanhill College, she became a schoolteacher. Active in the Labour Party since she was at university, Lamont served on its Scottish Executive Committee, and chaired it in 1993. With the establishment of a devolved legislature in Scotland, she was elected as the Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Glasgow Pollok in 1999. Having been appointed convener of the Scottish Parliament's Social Justice Committee in 2001, she obtained her first ministerial role in a Labour–Liberal Democrat coalition in October 2004 and served until its defeat by the Scottish National Party (SNP) in 2007.

Paragraph 9: In his late teens, Tinkler became involved in community theatre, performing in plays and musicals, and was subsequently accepted into the Theatre program at Ryerson University (later acquiring his BFA hons). At Ryerson, he met future sketch comedy collaborators Mike Beaver, Jason Jones, and Stacey DePass. His first gig out of school was a series on YTV called "It's Alive". The show was of the sketch comedy variety, and while acting on the series Rob was introduced to and became interested in writing. After the show's cancellation, and growing frustrated with a dwindling influx of acting work at that time, Rob and his then roommates Mike Beaver and Shaun Majumder decided to form the comedy troupe "Beaver, Tinkler, Majumder". This triumvirate soon welcomed Jason Jones, and then Stacey Depass and Jennifer Baxter (who were also on "It's Alive") and the troupe was renamed "The Bobroom". Also during this period, Rob realized an affinity for voice-overs and he booked several animated series including The Adventures of Sam & Max Freelance Police, X-Men and Sailor Moon. After writing, mounting and performing in many live sketch shows with The Bobroom at clubs across Toronto and excursions into Chicago and New York City, the troupe was soon approached by Milan Curry-Sharples about doing the comedy showcase series Comedy Now. Although this show was more of a vehicle for stand-up comedians, this endeavor ultimately led to the development and creation of the sketch comedy series "The Bobroom" for the Comedy Network. Although the series ran only for a limited time, it was a learning ground for Rob as he not only amassed characters but honed skills in writing for the screen. Also around this time, Rob landed several roles on feature film productions, including The Tuxedo and the cult classic Harold And Kumar Go To White Castle. After embarking on a couple of pilot seasons in Los Angeles, Rob received the accreditation to relocate to the US on a full-time basis. There, he has written for several animated series ("Wayside, Pandalian Almost Naked Animals) and did voices on video games (Superman Returns, Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 2), and several pilots and series (Celebrity Deathmatch), including the Fox prime time animated series "American Dad!". He's also performed in countless commercials and had a recurring role as Rachael Harris' whipping boy in ABC's Notes From The Underbelly. Rob plays too many characters to name on PBS's The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That!, as well as voices leading danger dog Howie in Cartoon Network's Almost Naked Animals and Gingka in Beyblade: Metal Fusion. Rob divides his time between LA and Toronto as he continues to develop series and films. In addition to acting, writing, and directing, he is also a Creative Consultant on Almost Naked Animals.

Paragraph 10: Jankulovski made his debut for the club, coming on as a 58th-minute substitute, in a 1–1 draw against Parma in the opening game of the season. Since joining Udinese, he quickly became a first-team regular, rotating in playing either at left-back or in midfield for the next five matches. After missing five matches that saw him sidelined for a month, Jankulovski returned to the first team, coming on as a 66th-minute substitute, in a 2–1 win against Empoli on 8 December 2002. He then helped Udinese keep three consecutive clean sheets between 18 December 2002 and 12 January 2003. Despite being sidelined towards the end of the 2002–03 season, Jankulovski continued to regain his first-team place, rotating in playing either left-back or in midfield. He scored his first goal for the club, in a 3–2 loss against Parma on 2 February 2003. This was followed by scoring his second goal of the season, in a 2–1 win against Piacenza. Jankulovski scored his third goal of the season, in a 3–2 win against Como on 19 April 2003. He, once again, scored two goals in two matches in the remaining two matches of the 2002–03 season against Perugia and Lazio. At the end of the 2002–03 season, Jankulovski made 29 appearances and scored five times in all competitions.

Paragraph 11: Anacrites, who is rather annoyed at being muscled out of his stolen case, sends four men to beat up Falco and Petro. They defeat the bruisers easily and trail them back to Anacrites. Soon afterwards, Julius Frontinus finds and gives over a new hand. It looks the same as the other hands but this one has a wedding ring with two names inscribed (Asinia and Caius). They track down Caius Cicurrus, the widower of Asinia. He is innocent and is greatly grieving for his lost wife. Petro's wife dumped him after he took up with Balbina Milvia from Time to Depart. Milvia's husband Florius sends men to beat up Falco and Petro. Falco, with the help of his trainer Glaucus and Glaucus's trainees, beats off his attackers but Petro has no such help and is heavily injured. Milvia comes to Falco asking him to help her, as she fears that her mother, who has vanished, has been taken by the killer. Falco finds Cornella Flaccida at a new apartment. He goes out to the country but finds no suspects. After continuous reconnaissance he has two problems: First, Claudia Rufina, the heiress from A Dying Light In Corduba and the new fiancee to Helena's brother Aelianus, has vanished, and second, a slave called Thurius has been identified as the murderer. Falco goes out to rescue Claudia and apprehend Thurius. He captures Thurius and finds his lair and his victim. He finds that it's not Claudia, it's Milvia's mother, who vanished again. Unlike Claudia, however, no one liked her enough to send out a search party. Claudia is later found to have eloped with Helena's other brother Justinus, an act that has disastrous consequences. The book ends with Falco telling Petro his wife went out with another man, and later receiving a visit from Anacrites.

Paragraph 12: His musical style was influenced by Claude Debussy and César Franck. However he self-identified as a Celtic Breton, writing that he was the son of a country "where the goblins populate the moor and dance by the moony nights around the menhirs; where the fairies and the enchanters - Viviane and Merlin - have as a field the forest of Brocéliande; where the spirits of the unburied dead appear all white above the waters of the Bay of the Departed."<ref>"où les korrigans peuplent la lande et dansent, par les nuits lunaires autour des menhirs où les fées et les enchanteurs — Viviane et Merlin — ont pour domaine la forêt de Brocéliande, où les âmes des morts restés sans sépulture apparaissent toutes blanches au-dessus des flots de la baie des Trépassés."</ref>

Paragraph 13: Cape Feare is considered one of the darkest and one of the best episodes of The Simpsons. Scenes which changed the ultimate feel of the storyline involved Bob nearly killing Bart by cornering him along with tying up the rest of the family, along with the bloody tone at the beginning due to Bob sending Bart those letters. With these particular reasons, many consider this episode as one of the best in the show. According to Matt Groening, people often include this episode among their top 10 favorites. In Entertainment Weekly's top 25 The Simpsons episodes ever, it was placed third. To celebrate the show's 300th episode "Barting Over", USA Today published a top 10 chosen by the webmaster of The Simpsons Archive, which had this episode at a ninth place. In 2006, IGN named "Cape Feare" the best episode of the fifth season. Vanity Fair called it the show's fourth-best episode in 2007, as "this episode's masterful integration of filmic parody and a recurring character puts it near the top." James Walton of The Daily Telegraph characterized the episode as one of "The 10 Best Simpsons TV Episodes", while the Herald Sun placed it in their "The Simpsons Top 20". Karl Åkerström of the Swedish newspaper Borås Tidning called it his "all-time favorite" episode of the show. Michael Moran of The Times and Emily VanDerWerff of Slant Magazine both ranked "Cape Feare" as the fourth-best in the show's history. Cast member Hank Azaria cited this episode as his favorite in the series.

Paragraph 14:  Modern automobile engines are typically operated around  –  (33 Hz – 50 Hz) when cruising, with a minimum (idle) speed around 750 rpm – 900 rpm (12.5 Hz – 15 Hz), and an upper limit anywhere from 4500 rpm to  (75 Hz – 166 Hz) for a road car, very rarely reaching up to  for certain cars (such as the GMA T.50), or   for racing engines such as those in Formula 1 cars (during the  season, with the 2.4 L N/A V8 engine configuration; limited to , with the 1.6 L V6 turbo-hybrid engine configuration). The exhaust note of V8, V10, and V12 F1 cars has a much higher pitch than an I4 engine, because each of the cylinders of a four-stroke engine fires once for every two revolutions of the crankshaft. Thus an eight-cylinder engine turning 300 times per second will have an exhaust note of .

Paragraph 15: Many members of the group were child soldiers abducted after their parents had been killed by the "recruiters". Some of these children were forced to participate in torturing their parents to death in order to brutalise and dehumanise them. The West Side Boys were heavy users of poyo (homemade palm wine), locally grown marijuana, and heroin bought with conflict diamonds. Conflict diamonds were also used to purchase many of their weapons, which ranged from FN FAL/L1A1 rifles, AK-47/AKM rifles and RPG-7 grenade launchers to 81 mm mortars and ZPU-2 anti-aircraft guns. Most of their vehicles were hijacked from UN food convoys.

Paragraph 16: Route assignment, route choice, or traffic assignment concerns the selection of routes (alternative called paths) between origins and destinations in transportation networks.  It is the fourth step in the conventional transportation forecasting model, following trip generation, trip distribution, and mode choice. The zonal interchange analysis of trip distribution provides origin-destination trip tables.  Mode choice analysis tells which travelers will use which mode.  To determine facility needs and costs and benefits, we need to know the number of travelers on each route and link of the network (a route is simply a chain of links between an origin and destination). We need to undertake traffic (or trip) assignment.  Suppose there is a network of highways and transit systems and a proposed addition.  We first want to know the present pattern of traffic delay and then what would happen if the addition were made.

Paragraph 17: All in all, TBBS and its option modules were far beyond the performance and reliability of what other BBS authors could dream of. TBBS had power not even anticipated by the author. For example, in 1988 the University of Southern California installed TBBS for their 16 line BBS system administered by Susan Biddlecomb, who was Director of Computer Support of the USC Health Care system.  The actual computer was housed in the Computer Facility, some distance from her office, necessitating her to go to the computer facility to make the most minor change. Her solution was to completely dispense with the internal menu and interface system, devising a standard menu layout, and building menus “on the fly” using the add-on TDBS module. She would upload any changes or additions to the menus as entries in the database, and remotely recompile the menus. After a daily reboot, the changes would automatically take effect without the necessity for a trip to the computer room. A side benefit was dynamic content -- upon registration or login, the user could enter or change any information, such as personal information, preferences, or sub-boards of interest, this information was entered into the database, and this would then dynamically customize the menu system presented to the user, and no two users were necessarily presented with the same information. This meant that the entire interface seen by the users was in actuality an add-on running under TDBS with the main program functioning merely as a multi-tasker. A similar concept is widely used today on the World Wide Web as database driven content, one of its most powerful features. E-Soft did not publicize this method of constructing the menu system and left it up to the users to discover the power this advanced implementation.

Paragraph 18: According to the Zahiri school and early scholars like Tawus ibn Kaysan and Qatadah, Riba on hand-to-hand exchanges of gold, silver, dates, salt, wheat and barley are prohibited per prophet Muhammad's injunction, but analogical reasoning is not used to extend that injunction to other agricultural produce as is the case with other schools. In his treatise "The Removal of Blames from the Great Imams", classical scholar Ibn Taymiyya acknowledges the difference of opinion ( khilaf ) amongst the scholars on the prohibition of riba al-fadl. Similarly, his student Ibn Qayyim distinguished between riba al-nasi'ah and riba al-fadl, maintaining that rib al-nasi'ah was prohibited by Qur'an and Sunnah definitively while the latter was only prohibited in order to stop the charging of interest. According to him, the prohibition of riba al-fadl was less severe and it could be allowed in dire need or greater public interest (maslaha). Hence under a compelling need, an item may be sold with delay in return for dirhams or for another weighed substance despite implicating riba al-nasi'ah. In addition, Ibn Qayyim held that the sales of gold and silver jewelry for more than their equivalent weight in gold or silver was permissible, in consideration of workmanship and people's dire need.

Paragraph 19: The United States put additional pressure on Juba by successfully passing an arms embargo on South Sudan in July 2018 through UN Security Council, following a 2016 failure, with Russia and China abstaining from voting this time. Additionally, with neighboring Sudan facing economic troubles and relying on revenue from transporting oil from South Sudan, the Sudanese government, with a mix of incentives and coercion, brought Kiir and SPLA-IO to hold talks in Khartoum. In June 2018, they signed another ceasefire where they agreed to form a transitional government for the 36 months leading to national elections and to African Union and IGAD peacekeepers to deploy to South Sudan and state boundaries would be drawn by commission chaired by a non-South Sudanese; this ceasefire was violated just a few hours after coming into effect, when pro-government forces attacked rebels in Wau State. SPLM-IO protested when the Parliament, where the President's party holds a majority of seats, extended the President's term and that of other officials by three years. However, they eventually agreed to share power in what was called the "Revitalised transitional government of national unity (R-TGoNU)" with Machar again to be one of five Vice Presidents and the 550 seat parliament to be divided with 332 going to Kiir's faction, 128 to Machar's group and the rest to other groups. An SSOA faction led by NAS's Thomas Cirillo rejected the deal citing their small share in the power sharing agreement. As part of amnesty offered to groups following the peace deal, in August 2018, Brigadier General Chan Garang, claiming to lead a group of rebel soldiers from Malong's SS-UF, came back to the government along with 300 rebel soldiers in what was seen as a weakening of SS-UF. In September 2018, South Sudan's President Salva Kiir signed a peace deal with main rebel leader Riek Machar formally ending a five-year civil war. Celebrations in Juba happened on 31 October 2018; however, there were criticisms of the peace deal that it failed to address the underlying issues of the conflict—the concentration of power in the hands of the president—and that the status quo will continue to produce violence. As part of the agreement, Machar was supposed to return to Juba in May to become vice president again, citing security concerns, and asked for an extension of six months, which was accepted by Kiir. Six months later, both sides agreed to delay the formation of a transitional unity government by 100 days. The most contentious issue delaying the formation of the unity government was whether South Sudan should keep 32 or return to 10 states. On 14 February 2020, Kiir announced South Sudan would return to 10 states in addition to three administrative areas of Abyei, Pibor and Ruweng, and on 22 February Riek Machar was sworn in as first vice president for the creation of the unity government. The dissolution of parliament in order to bring a new parliament that shares power with the rebel groups, as called for by the 2018 peace deal, occurred in May 2021 after much delay.

Paragraph 20: Kirkby participated as an operator of one of the two wireless stations established by Australian land military forces at their annual Easter encampment. Likely some of the equipment had been manufactured by Kirkby. The experiment was widely reported (with apologies for the language of the day): "The present Heathcote camp may be an historical one, since it has witnessed the first recorded successful use of a wireless telegraph installation in the Commonwealth under military conditions. The recent formation of the Wireless Institute enabled Lieut. G. A. Taylor, A.I.C., to make the arrangements in conjunction with Captain Cox-Taylor, of the Garrison Artillery, who watched the experiment closely, and interestedly with a view to the possible future military development of wireless telegraphy in the Commonwealth. Conditions which would most probably be met with on active service were scrupulously observed by those in charge of the operating stations; indeed, in the determination to impart the utmost realism to the undertaking discomforts innumerable were cheerfully faced by the corps. The surrounding district was depended upon for the supply of most of the paraphernalia. For the masts to support the aerials three saplings were lashed together in each instance, giving an altitude of some 50 or 60 feet. The aerial wires at A station were conveyed to a military tent where the operating appliances were installed, and at station B, to a cave under the crest of the hill beneath the line of targets, some four miles to the south-west. The latter position was of very great interest, inasmuch as on the rocks flanking the cave some queer aboriginal carvings and a deep V cut in a sandstone, used evidently by ancient black warriors to sharpen their implements of war, were discovered. A coincidence was actually established between the ancient, barbarous, warlike messages and the most modern means of communication between fighting forces. The outlying station was in charge of Mr. Reginald Wilkinson, and at the main station Mr. Kirkby operated, while the enthusiastic hon. secretary, of the Wireless Institute, Mr. W. H. Hannam, supervised the apparatus. Considerable time was spent in getting connection between the stations, and the call letter V was continually flashing throughout Saturday and Sunday, until it was at last picked up by the head station, in the small hours of Monday morning. Tuning being now consonant, signals were continually exchanged. The University Scouts took deep interest in these experiments, and lent valuable assistance."

Paragraph 21: Officers and crew loyal to Ramsey unite and retake the control room, confining Hunter, the Chief of the Boat, and a few others to the officers' mess. Repairs to the radio continue, but Ramsey is determined to proceed without waiting for verification. Hunter escapes his arrest and stages a second mutiny. He gains the support of weapons officer Peter Ince in the missile control room, further delaying the launch and leading Ramsey to proceed to missile control. Hunter's party storms the ship's command center, removing the captain's missile key. Ramsey and his men return, resulting in an armed Mexican standoff. With news that the radio will soon be repaired, Ramsey and Hunter agree to wait until the deadline for a preemptive missile launch to be effective.

Paragraph 22: Henri de Saint-Simon published Physiologie sociale in 1813, devoting much of his time to the prospect that human society could be steered toward progress if scientists would form an international assembly to influence its course. He argued that scientists could distract groups from war and strife, by focusing their attention to generally improving their societies living conditions. In turn, this would bring multiple cultures and societies together and prevent conflict. Saint-Simon took the idea that everyone had encouraged from the Enlightenment, which was the belief in science, and spun it to be more practical and hands-on for the society. Saint-Simon's main idea was that industrialism would create a new launch in history. He saw that people had been seeing progress as an approach for science, but he wanted them to see it as an approach to all aspects of life. Society was making a crucial change at the time since it was growing out of a declining feudalism. This new path could provide the basis for solving all the old problems society had previously encountered. He was more concerned with the participation of man in the workforce instead of which workforce man choose. His slogan became "All men must work”, to which communism would add and supply its own slogan "Each according to his capacity."

Paragraph 23: The ridge that forms the spine of the M&M Trail across Provin Mountain, East Mountain, and the Mount Tom and Holyoke ranges was formed 200 million years ago during the late Triassic and early Jurassic periods and is composed of trap rock, also known as basalt, an extrusive volcanic rock. Basalt is a dark colored rock, but the iron within it weathers to a rusty brown when exposed to the air, lending the ledges a distinct reddish appearance. Basalt frequently breaks into octagonal and pentagonal columns, creating a unique "postpile" appearance. Huge slopes made of fractured basalt talus are visible beneath many of the ledges; they are particularly visible along the Metacomet-Monadnock Trail on Bare Mountain. The basalt ridges are the product of several massive lava flows hundreds of feet deep that welled up in faults created by the rifting apart of North America from Eurasia and Africa. These basalt floods of lava happened over a period of 20 million years. Erosion occurring between the eruptions deposited deep layers of sediment between the lava flows, which eventually lithified into sedimentary rock. The resulting "layer cake" of basalt and sedimentary sheets eventually faulted and tilted upward. Subsequent erosion wore away the weaker sedimentary layers a faster rate than the basalt layers, leaving the abruptly tilted edges of the basalt sheets exposed, creating the distinct linear ridge and dramatic cliff faces visible today. One way to imagine this is to picture a layer cake tilted slightly up with some of the frosting (the sedimentary layer) removed in between. One of the best places to view this layer-cake structure is just beneath the summit of Mount Norwottuck. The summit of Norwottuck is made of basalt; directly beneath the summit are the Horse Caves, a deep overhang where the weaker sedimentary layer has worn away at a more rapid rate than the basalt layer above it. The Horse Caves are located a short distance off the M&M Trail via the Robert Frost Trail. The sedimentary rock of the Connecticut River Valley is also well known for its fossils, especially dinosaur tracks, which have been discovered in several locations near the ridges that the M&M Trail traverses.

Paragraph 24: Cyclopropanones- three-membered ring ketones- are also hydrated to a significant extent. Since three-membered rings are very strained (bond angles forced to be 60˚), sp3 hybridization is more favorable than sp2 hybridization. For the sp3 hybridized hydrate the bonds have to be distorted by about 49˚, while for the sp2 hybridized ketone the bond angle distortion is about 60˚. So the addition to the carbonyl group allows some of the strain inherent in the small ring to be released, which is why cyclopropanone and cyclobutanone are very reactive electrophiles. For larger rings, where the bond angles are not as distorted, the stability of the hemiacetals is due to entropy and the proximity of the nucleophile to the carbonyl group. Formation of an acyclic acetal involves a decrease in entropy because two molecules are consumed for every one produced. In contrast, the formation of cyclic hemiacetals involves a single molecule reacting with itself, making the reaction more favorable. Another way to understand the stability of cyclic hemiacetals is to look at the equilibrium constant as the ratio of the forward and backward reaction rate. For a cyclic hemiacetal the reaction is intramolecular so the nucleophile is always held close to the carbonyl group ready to attack, so the forward rate of reaction is much higher than the backward rate. Many biologically relevant sugars, such as glucose, are cyclic hemiacetals.       

Paragraph 25: Marshall founded New Books in History in 2007, and the New Books Network in 2011; in 2014 resigning his tenured professorship to work on it full time. The network describes itself as "a consortium of podcasts dedicated to raising the level of public discourse by introducing serious authors to serious audiences." At first, Poe himself interviewed the authors of new non-fiction books for the website that was then called New Books in History. At the beginning of 2020, NBN had 104 channels, publishing 60 interviews a week, with over a million downloads a month. In December 2021 NBN podcasts were downloaded 4.77 million times. Listennotes rank NBN in the top 1% of podcasts worldwide.   NBN had published more than 9,500 interviews by the end of 2020. devoted to new books on subjects ranging from African-American studies and economics to philosophy and sports. Poe invites volunteers who are knowledgeable about a subject to conduct "radio interviews" with authors of new books in that subject area. "It's premised on the idea that while most people won't read serious books, they might listen to the authors of those books talk about the ideas in them," Poe told an interviewer. "Reading is hard and inconvenient; listening is easy and convenient. We interview authors with new books, make 'radio shows' out of them, and distribute them on the web as podcasts." In August, 2020, the NBN closed a seed funding round with a group of international investors." In October 2020 NBN starting producing a podcast series in partnership with Princeton University Press called the Princeton University Press Ideas Podcast. In 2021 NBN started a series with Oxford University Press called In Conversation: An OUP Podcast., and launched in Spanish. In 2022 The New Books Network announced that was going to start paying its hosts, and engaged former BBC World Service journalist Owen Bennett-Jones to produce a series called "The Future of".  In 2022 NBN started a series with Cambridge University Press called Exchanges: A Cambridge UP Podcast, and a partnership with Columbia University Press called "Off the Page". In August 2022 NBN published its 15,000th podcast, stating that this made it "one of the largest podcast networks in the world".. On the 3rd January 2023 the NBN informed hosts that the network had 17500 podcasts published, 4000 in 2022 alone.     .

Paragraph 26: Male, female. Forewing length 3.4-4.2 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-white with greenish reflection, vertex and neck tufts shining brown with greenish and reddish reflections, laterally and medially lined white, collar shining brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally, extreme apex white; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to two-thirds, followed towards apex by one white segment, three dark brown, two white, eight dark brown and three white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line in posterior half. Legs: shining greyish brown, femora of midleg and hindleg shining greyish ochreous, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one to three, segment five entirely white, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one and two with white apical rings, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with a very oblique white line from base to beyond one half and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with white basal and ochreous apical ring, segment two with an indistinct ochreous apical ring, segment five entirely whitish, spurs white dorsally, brown ventrally. Forewing shining brown with reddish gloss, five narrow white lines in the basal area, a first subcostal, close to costa, from base to one-quarter, followed by a second subcostal between the end of the first subcostal and the transverse fascia, a medial just above fold from beyond base to one-third, a short, slightly oblique subdorsal from one-quarter almost to the end of the second subcostal, a dorsal from one-eighth to one-quarter, a bright yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with a broad prolongation towards apex and with a long and narrow apical protrusion to the cilia, bordered at the inner edge by two tubercular pale golden metallic subcostal and dorsal spots, the subcostal spot with a patch of blackish scales on the outside, the dorsal spot further from base, two tubercular pale golden metallic costal and dorsal spots at three-quarters of the transverse fascia, both spots opposite, the costal spot greyish brown edged inwardly, the dorsal spot three times as large as the costal, a white costal streak from the outer costal spot, a narrow shining white apical line in the apical cilia, cilia brown at apex, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining dark brownish grey, cilia brown. Underside: forewing shining dark greyish brown with an ochreous costal streak in the apical half, the white apical line indistinctly visible, hindwing shining dark greyish brown. Abdomen dorsally dark olive brown with greenish and reddish reflections, laterally with pale ochreous spots, ventrally shining dark grey, segments banded shining yellowish white posteriorly and with a broad shining yellowish white longitudinal streak, anal tuft ochreous-white, in the female dorsally olive brown with golden gloss, ventrally ochreous.

Paragraph 27: The Illuminati's appearance was confirmed officially in March; and features actors portraying new versions of their characters from previous projects: Stewart plays a new version of Xavier that combines elements from his previous performances, including a line of dialogue from X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014), with elements from X-Men: The Animated Series (1992–1997); Ejiofor plays a new version of Mordo; Hayley Atwell portrays Captain Carter after voicing the What If...? version; Lashana Lynch plays a different version of Maria Rambeau / Captain Marvel from the one she portrayed in Captain Marvel (2019); and Anson Mount portrays an alternate version of Blackagar Boltagon / Black Bolt from his role in Marvel's ABC television series Inhumans (2017). Also in the group is John Krasinski as Fantastic Four member Reed Richards. Krasinski had been a popular suggestion for the role by fans for some time, especially since the announcement of a new Fantastic Four film set in the MCU. When Lynch was approached to return, she assumed she would be playing an ancestor of Rambeau and was surprised to learn she would be an alternate version of Captain Marvel. The Illuminati sequence was filmed in pieces, with many of the actors not being on set together. Krasinski's footage was filmed during reshoots to replace a planned cameo appearance by Daniel Craig, who chose not to film the role because he did not believe a single day of filming was worth the risk of catching COVID-19 and spreading it to his family. Craig was reportedly set to portray the character Balder the Brave in the scene. Olsen never actually met Krasinski while shooting the scene in which Scarlet Witch kills Richards; Olsen filmed the scene instead with a stand-in. Waldron said the final line-up of the Illuminati was similar to the one in his first draft, but with some other suggestions coming from Feige. Waldron considered including Namor, a member of the Illuminati in the comics, but Marvel had other plans for him in the MCU; Waldron's first draft also included an Earth-838 counterpart of Evangeline Lilly's Hope van Dyne / The Wasp as a member of the Illuminati, who would have been killed by Maximoff clapping her hands to kill her. Storyboards by artist Soren Bendt for the Illuminati massacre scene suggest that, in addition to Balder the Brave, an Earth-838 counterpart of Obadiah Stane / Iron Monger, who was previously portrayed by Jeff Bridges in Iron Man (2008), was also considered for the group's lineup. There were also rumors that Tom Cruise would be portraying an alternate version of Tony Stark / Iron Man known as Superior Iron Man in the film after being in contention for the role back in the 1990s before Robert Downey Jr. was cast as the title character in 2006. Waldron expressed interest in the idea, but Cruise was never approached due to his filming schedule for Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One (2023) and Part Two (2024). Other rumors about potential cameos included an appearance of Ryan Reynolds reprising his role as Wade Wilson / Deadpool from Fox's Deadpool (2016) and Deadpool 2 (2018); Waldron confirmed there had been discussions about bringing Reynolds in to play Deadpool before they decided that the film was not "the right place" to feature him. Another character introduced in the film is Clea, with Charlize Theron cast in the role. Waldron said they wanted to include her in the film but felt they needed to resolve Strange's relationship with Christine Palmer first, so the character's introduction was saved for the mid-credits scene to set her up as a potential new love interest in a future story.

Paragraph 28: Mass loss of the Greenland ice sheet has been accelerating due to the effects of climate change caused by human activities. It is predicted that the sea level will rise by approximately 7 metres if all the ice melts. The mass loss of ice sheets and glaciers causes sea levels to rise and affects terrestrial albedo’s decline and changes in ocean circulation. The decrease in sea ice also affects the global climate and environment and the rise in sea levels due to ice sheet glaciers’ melt would make it impossible for people to live on coastal lands. Due to the lack of ancient terrestrial sediment archives, most of the history of ice sheets in Greenland is based on indirect records, with few direct records revealed. However, according to its little paleoclimate data, it was shown that the amount of ice sheets in Greenland has been changing significantly over time, suggesting that the change in size is due to a variety of physical environmental factors. Briefly, the best estimate considering paleoclimate data is that the Greenland ice sheet can be significantly reduced by only a few degrees of increase in the negative effects of climate change, leading to ice sheet loss. A 2020 research paper suggests that the melting of an ice sheet that covers Greenland will accelerate much faster than previously predicted melting speeds.

Paragraph 29: Ligety recorded his first World Cup podium finish in the first slalom of the season, at Beaver Creek in December, and followed that up with a second and a third during the next three slaloms. Ligety's first major victory of his professional career came at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, held at Sestriere.  Ligety won the gold medal in the men's combined event, a major upset after the two racers favored to win the event failed to finish the slalom portion. At age 21, he became the first American man to win an Olympic gold medal in alpine skiing in a dozen years, since Tommy Moe won the downhill at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway.  Ligety also became just the fourth American male skier to win Olympic gold, along with Moe, Phil Mahre (slalom, 1984) and Bill Johnson (downhill, 1984).  At Turin, Ligety also participated in the giant slalom and the slalom, but he failed to complete either event.  Following his Olympic victory in the combined, Ligety recorded his first World Cup victory, a win in the giant slalom in Yongpyeong, South Korea. He finished ninth in the overall World Cup standings for the year, marking the first time that three American men had placed in the top 10 (along with Bode Miller in third and Daron Rahlves in fourth), despite the fact that he did not compete in downhill or super-G that year. - It was a little surprise that Ted Ligety's first win was in a giant slalom because he wasn't known as a good giant slalom racer (he had only placed in the top ten in one race before, being 8th at Sölden on October 23, 2005 - and he had bib-number 18, a number which is behind the top fifteen of the world; at that time he was far better in the slalom by finishing 3rd at Beaver Creek on December, 4th, and also at Kranjska Gora in December 2005, and indeed finishing second at Adelboden on January 8). On that March 5, he was only 8th-placed after the first leg (with a deficite of 1.13 sec. behind leading Davide Simoncelli but he was able to overtake all elite racers in the second leg). - It took long until he could achieve a second win (Kranjska Gora on March 8, 2008).

Paragraph 30: Beta appears for the first time in the episode "Guardians" when he discovers Henry following the Whisperers in order to save Lydia; he grabs Henry and presents the boy to Alpha. That night, Alpha orders her daughter to execute Henry with a knife to prove which side she is on, but Lydia refuses and Alpha then orders Beta to execute them both. Suddenly, the appearance of several walkers in the camp puts the camp in chaos; Alpha and Beta went to help the others. Moments later, Daryl and Connie, who created the distraction, arrive unnoticed to rescue Henry. However, they also take Lydia at Henry's insistence. In the episode "Chokepoint", Beta comforts a dying Whisperer, and then takes a group of Whisperers and walkers with him to go find Lydia on Alpha's orders. The next morning, the group manages to spot them in an abandoned building. Beta and his team quickly break in, and discover a trap meant to separate them from the dead. Soon after, Daryl and Beta have a one-on-one duel in which Beta announces that all he wants is "the girl". However, Daryl manages to shove Beta down an elevator shaft. Shortly after, Beta rises in pain and peers up, enraged, and covered in blood, with his bottom front teeth having been knocked out from the more than two-story fall. In the episode "The Calm Before", a group of walkers ambush Daryl, Michonne, Carol and Yumiko during the night; they take them out one by one until a group of Whisperers surround them. Beta, who managed to find a way out of the elevator shaft, emerges from the trees and orders the group to drop their weapons. He then approaches and growls at Daryl, who is taken by surprise since he thought Beta was dead, and reminds Daryl that all he had to do was hand over Lydia and that this initial deal is now off. Back at the camp, after Alpha showed Daryl what her people are capable of doing if they ever crossed their borders again, Beta approached Alpha to ask her about what happened with Lydia. He is only told by Alpha that she wanted to be left alone so that she can endure her pain by herself; Beta obeys and leaves her alone. In the season finale "The Storm", a few months have passed since the massacre at the fair. After surviving a great storm that swept through the Whisperers' entire territory, the Whisperers proceed to reassemble their camp while Beta privately meets with a disconsolate Alpha; he informs her that the time away has been good for the pack. When this new information assures her, Alpha reminds Beta that she will need to be strong for what comes next; he assures her that she will be. Alpha then hands Beta a branch and stretches her left arm out. Beta, without hesitation, begins to wound her by whipping her arm with the branch to make her stronger.