Paragraph 1: Donockley was born in Workington, Cumberland; his parents were members of a band called Travelling Country. At the age of 16, Troy joined them, playing at many venues in West Cumbria. His father's record collection was broad and gave his son a love of classical, rock, country as well as traditional music. He is a multi-instrumentalist and a master of the Uilleann pipes. His ambition as a teenager was to travel the world as a musician, but he hated "empty pop created by cynical twerps". The strangeness of the sound of the Uilleann pipes enabled him to become a session musician with prog-rockers The Enid in 1987 on their album 'The Seed and the Sower'.

Paragraph 2: The first signs of financial ill-health began in September 1922, when PCC was sued over the failure to pay back a small promisorry note. In December 1922, the Howard Estate filed suit to foreclose on the property over non-payment of a US$90,000 promissory note that had been signed by Dougall and Lackenbach; the first payment of $5,000, due the previous March 22, had not been made as scheduled and the only payment that had been received was $1,000 the preceding October. 3CCC brokered an agreement in which a three-member committee was appointed to investigate and report on the financial status of PCC in February 1923; 3CCC President John J. McGrath, who was one of the appointees, warned "that we will not stand for one local creditor or stockholder in Pacific City to lose a penny ... if they jockey and humbug, we are in position to make their investment worth about ten cents [on the dollar]." Lackenbach fired back days later: "... you have unwittingly placed the management of Pacific City in a very unfavorable light by reason of this article. It is not only unjust, but has absolutely no foundation. The management of Pacific City has at all times strenuously held that any reorganization or refinancing of Pacific City must first contemplate the payment of creditors in full with interest from the maturity of their claims."

Paragraph 3: The region of Hegang was a desolate and uninhabited area until the late 1890s. In 1906, the area of Hegang City was under the administration of Tangyuan County under the Qing Dynasty. Since then, the government has been encouraging people to farm in the region. In 1914, a coalfield was discovered in Haoli, and Heilongjiang Government approved to set up Xinghua Mines () which is jointly invested by merchants including Shen Songnian (). The area was also renamed Xingshan () after the Xinghua Coal Mine. The Hegang mines were founded in 1916 by a Chinese entrepreneur with Russian capital. Hegang has witnessed rapid economic growth thanks to its rich coal resources. In 1926 a railway was built between Hegang and Jiamusi, some 30 miles to the south on the Songhua River. A coal carrier fleet was privately financed in 1930 by General Zhang Xueliang. In August 1932, Hegang mines were occupied by the Japanese as the Japanese Empire advanced through Manchuria. The mines were further developed during the Japanese occupation of Manchuria. On August 11, 1945, Hegang was occupied by the Soviet Red Army, and was relegated to the Communist Force. Since several major coal mines in southern Manchuria were controlled by Kuomintang Forces, Hegang became one of the main coal-producing area of Communist Force in the Chinese Civil-War, playing an important role in guaranteeing the acquisition of weapons and other war materials. Hegang was renamed in 1949, and set up as a prefecture-level city in Heilongjiang.

Paragraph 4: Following a public meeting in 1890 to discuss an alternative method of communication between the two parts of Bridgnorth to the 200 steps between High Town and Low Town, a proposal to build a Patent Cliff Railway was put to the town council. Engineered by George Croydon Marks, plans were accepted for funicular railway on the current route. The Bridgnorth Castle Hill Railway Company Ltd was registered in 1891, and construction started on 2 November 1891. The company, which still operates the railway today, was founded by Sir George Croydon Marks (later Lord Marks of Woolwich), who became its first managing director from 1891 until 1901. His brother, Edward Marks, became its second managing director from 1901 until 1924. George was also the founder of the patent attorneys Marks & Clerk, who continue to trade. The railway was opened on 7 July 1892 by Mayor John Anderson, with a public holiday being proclaimed to celebrate the occasion.

Paragraph 5: Basara finally returned to the ring on April 29, 2010, at a Vader Time independent event. On June 5, she returned to the ring with Hiroyo Matsumoto, losing to her at a NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling event. On July 4, Basara made her debut for Pro Wrestling Wave, when she and Bambi defeated Misaki Ohata and Moeka Haruhi for the TLW World Young Women's Tag Team Championship. On August 5, Basara made a special appearance for All Japan Pro Wrestling, defeating Kyusei Ninja Ranmaru in a singles match. Two days later, Basara returned to JWP, wrestling in a match, where she was defeated by Leon. On September 26, Basara, Leon and Misaki Ohata formed the Shishi no Ana stable, with Basara now scheduled to become a regular member of the JWP roster. On October 31, Basara wrestled at a Yuzuki Aikawa produced Yuzupon Matsuri event, facing American Hailey Hatred. The match had to be ended abruptly, when Basara suffered a knee injury and was unable to continue. Okuda underwent surgery on April 8, 2011, and was sidelined from in-ring action for the entire year. She was originally scheduled to make her return at a Happy Hour!! event on December 18, but the return had to be postponed, when the event was canceled. On March 7, 2012, Okuda announced that she would wrestle her return match on March 25 at an event held by the Apache Pro-Wrestling Army promotion. On March 25, Basara was defeated by Taka Michinoku in her return match. On April 22, Basara made her debut for Universal Woman's Pro Wrestling Reina at Reina 31, wrestling Saya to a ten-minute time limit draw and then challenging the promotion's founder, Yumiko Hotta, to a match. Seven days later at Reina 32, Basara was defeated by Hotta. Following the match, Hotta suggested that Basara turn a new leaf in her career and return to competing under her real name. On May 13 at Reina.33, Okuda, now once again working under her real name, teamed with Saya in a tag team match, where they were defeated by Hikaru Shida and Tsukasa Fujimoto. Following the folding of Reina, most of the promotion's roster remained together to form the new Reina X World promotion, but Okuda chose to follow Yumiko Hotta out and on May 22, the two, along with Saya, made their debut as a unit for the World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana promotion, interrupting a main event battle royal and starting an invasion storyline with the promotion. On June 25, Okuda was again sidelined, after suffering yet another knee injury while training. Okuda underwent two knee surgeries, first in August 2012 and the second in April 2013.

Paragraph 6: After his return from Europe in the fall of 1826, Fisher's mature career began.  He opened a studio on Washington Street in Boston where he is said to have been the first landscapist to hang out a professional sign in Boston.  His friend, the landscapist Thomas Doughty had his studio a few blocks away.  In 1827, he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Honorary Academician. In 1828, the Boston Athenaeum began to purchase paintings for exhibition and bought his Composition from Scenery in the State of New York for $350, then the highest price he had realized for a painting.  During the early months of 1834, he joined with Thomas Doughty, Chester Harding, Francis Alexander and other local contributors in opening the Artists' Exhibition at Harding's Gallery where he exhibited forty-three paintings of a variety of subjects—landscapes, genre scenes, portraits, and paintings of marine scenes. This gave the public a unique opportunity to appreciate the breadth of his artistic talent.  In 1837, The Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association (MCMA) held an arts and crafts fair. (Paul Revere was the first president of the association.)  Unlike any previous exhibition in Boston, it appealed to a broad segment of the public who filled the galleries of Faneuil and Quincy Halls to see the exhibits. A critic in the Boston Saturday Evening Gazette wrote, "Fisher has contributed a number of his best compositions, comprising landscapes with groups of figures, barn-yard and cattle scenes, and portraits of children.  We cannot ... write a critical notice of such productions, but for variety of style, elegance of design, harmony and richness of coloring, and interesting choice of subjects, Fisher has no superior on this side of the Atlantic."  His collection of works received the MCMA's gold medal.  During this period, the frequent publication of his pictures as gift book illustrations was perhaps the most important factor contributing to his growing popularity.  These "gift books" were elegantly decorated and made small so as to fit comfortably in the hand.  Engravings of his original paintings were used to illustrate widely circulated American annuals such as The Token, The Garland, The Jewel, The Lily, and The Magnolia. He typified the artist who appealed to the gift book audience.  Prominent engraver from Boston Edward Gallaudet was commissioned to make many of his engravings.

Paragraph 7: In the summer of 1999, she went to the U.S. and was briefly coached by Galina Zmievskaya but tore knee ligaments and returned to Switzerland for treatment. Her last ISU event was the 1999 Cup of Russia. She sustained an injury after falling on a jump during practice the day before the competition but took three Cortisone injections a day and finished 6th at the event. She later learned she had fractured her spine, resulting in two dislocated discs. Her spinning may also have resulted in subtle concussions. A study is underway to determine whether intensive training of spins may cause concussions.

Paragraph 8: The construction of the vessel had started at the end of 2008 in a commercial shipyard at Suez, Egypt, under supervision of vessel's captain Josef Dvorský and ship constructor Daniel Rosecký (who are now co-owners). The main reason why Suez was selected for a construction site was utilization of traditional boat building procedures, which are still prevalent there. A wooden model had to be made first for the Egyptian builders, as was usual in the 18th century. The boat was then constructed according to this maquette. Due to the importance of the Suez Canal in global trade, high quality Scandinavian wood is readily available in Egypt. This wood was the most usual and favourite shipbuilding material in the Age of Sail. However, the keel and the frames are made of extremely hard and sturdy camphor wood and mulberry wood. Planking and decks timbers are made of Finnish pine tree wood. But nowadays, original Chapman’s blueprints are not sufficient to build a boat. Because of that, a 3D model of the boat was also made based on these blueprints. The virtual representation was then utilised to make even more detailed plans. A large amount of calculations were necessary as well (e.g. a stability assessment). Masts, yards, blocks, as well as steering wheel and cannons were made in joiner's shop of Vilém Pavlica at Valašské Meziříčí, Czech Republic. Dozens of volunteers from all over the Czech Republic worked since June 2009 and helped to complete the equipment. In December 2009, all the material was shipped to The following year was mainly in the spirit of 21st century technology. Boat’s engine, electric generator, water and power distribution were installed. Most of the work was again conducted by a joint effort of both experts and volunteers. La Grace was launched on 5 December 2010, nearly two years after the construction began. In the next few weeks the ship was at anchor, receiving finishing touches and fitting out; primarily the fitting of sails and rigging supervised by Viktor Neuman, the ship's sailing master and boatswain.

Paragraph 9: As with most games of this genre, the player interacts with the environment within the game by pointing at and clicking the elements within the game's environment in order to solve the game's puzzles, with many of them exhibiting a high technology and science fiction influence. The environment may be "searched" by clicking at various spots within the game's environments to uncover hidden items; for example, in the first room, the player has to retrieve a hidden key under the bed's pillow. Retrieved items can then be used to interact with elements within the environment to solve puzzles. A player uses retrieved items by clicking on it in their inventory (shown on the upper left corner), and then clicking on the element within the environment to interact with the element using the selected item. Taking the key from the previous example, a player can click on it when it is in their inventory, and then click on the cupboard's door again to open the cupboard using the retrieved key. If the item is not meant for the element, then nothing happens. Again using the key as an example: if the player tries to use the key on the door instead of the cupboard, nothing happens and the door remains locked.

Paragraph 10: The frequency of attacks increased between 1993 and 1996. A two-year truce followed. Attacks resumed on 30 October 1998 with the partial destruction of the Belfort city hall, home town of the then Interior Minister Jean-Pierre Chevènement. Other subsequent targets included symbols of the French government such as administrative offices, police precincts and utility installations, as well as the home towns of then-Prime Minister Lionel Jospin. The latter attack, which occurred on 18 June 1999, was a result of the refusal, two days before, by the then French President Jacques Chirac to ratify the European Charter on Regional and Minority Languages.

Paragraph 11: The first report of women's cricket in South Africa is from 1888, when Harry Cadwallader, later the first secretary of South Africa Cricket Association, observed "a number of the fair sex indulging in practice... and they showed they are possessed of not inconsiderable talent...".  The following year, students from the South African College played against 'a team of ladies', with the male students forced to bat, bowl and field left-handed, and bat using pick-handles.  The women won the match by an innings.  There are other references to similar conditions being placed on male competitors in matches against women at the time, a tradition carried over from England.  Women's cricket was played in South Africa fairly regularly throughout the beginning of the 20th century, and in 1922, Winfred Kingswell set-up, and became the first president of, the Peninsula Girls' School Games Union.  Ten years later, she helped found the Peninsula Ladies Cricket Club (PLCC), which with 30 members, played regular matches against men's sides on level terms.  They played 33 matches in two seasons with limited success, winning nine of them.  In 1934, the PLCC affiliated to the Women's Cricket Association in England, which governed international cricket at the time.  The intention was to organise women's cricket in South Africa, and eventually send teams to play in England, Scotland and Australia.  Little progress was reported, although regular women's cricket continued until the Second World War.  It was revived in 1947 by a group of enthusiasts, and in 1951 Netta Rheinberg, on behalf of the Women's Cricket Association, suggested that a South Africa Women's Cricket Association be formed, and encouraged the possibility that a series of matches could be played between the two associations.  The South African & Rhodesian Women's Cricket Association (SA&RWCA) was officially formed in 1952.  At their annual general meeting in January 1955, the SA&RWCA accepted an invitation from the Women's Cricket Association to join an International Women's Cricket Council that, in addition to South Africa, included England, Australia and New Zealand. They also agreed that international matches would be played between the four nations.  In 1959, arrangements were made for the first international women's cricket tour of South Africa, as they would play host to the English team in 1960.

Paragraph 12: In July 2020, BioNTech and pharmaceutical corporation Pfizer signed contracts to supply 120 million doses for Japan, 100 million doses for the United States at $19.50, and 40 million doses for the United Kingdom, if proven effective, safe, and licensed. On 5 August 2020, Canada pre-ordered 20 million doses of the vaccine. In September 2020, Germany privately ordered 30 million doses, outside the collective EU purchasing scheme. On 5 November 2020, Australia pre-ordered 10 million doses. On 9 November 2020, BioNTech-Pfizer released a positive interim analysis of a Phase III clinical trial in the United States. On 10 November 2020, BioNTech and Pfizer applied for an emergency use authorization (EUA) with the FDA, which was reviewed by mid-December. The FDA released a document explaining that an EUA is "a mechanism to facilitate the availability and use of medical countermeasures, including vaccines, during public health emergencies, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic." On 11 November 2020, the European Union pre-ordered 300 million doses, at an initial price of €12 per dose. Under the agreement, the vaccine-producing pair, BioNTech and Pfizer are subject to a tightened legal obligation to bring all the experience they have gained to the EMA for review. Belgium's budget state secretary Eva De Bleeker accidentally revealed the vaccine purchase price-per-dose agreed by the EU with various companies, with Oxford-AstraZeneca at €1.78; Johnson & Johnson at $8.50, Sanofi-GSK at €7.56, CureVac at €10, and Moderna at $18. In the same month, Israel ordered 8 million doses at $23.50 a dose. In the same month BioNTech-Pfizer submitted an EUA application in Canada. On 2 December 2020, the United Kingdom granted conditional temporary authorization (under Regulation 174 of the Human Medicines Regulations 2012) for BNT162b2, becoming the first country to approve an mRNA vaccine and the first Western country to approve a COVID-19 vaccine for national use. In the same month, BNT162b2 was revealed to also be under evaluation for EUA status in several other countries. On 15 December 2020, Fosun Pharma agreed a deal to deliver 100 million doses of the BioNTech-Pfizer vaccine to China, with Hong Kong securing 7.5 million doses. On 21 December 2020, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) authorised a one-year conditional use of the BioNTech-Pfizer vaccine in the European Union. Emer Cooke, Director of the EMA, stated that the benefits of the vaccine far outweigh the potential risks. On 26 December 2020, following the authorisation, initial mass vaccination against coronavirus commenced in Hungary and Slovakia.

Paragraph 13: In 1978, Jackson starred as the Scarecrow in The Wiz, an urbanized retelling of L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. After the filming, Jackson, who was still a member of The Jacksons, approached the film's musical director, Quincy Jones, to ask if he knew of any producers to help with Jackson's future solo endeavors. Jones suggested himself, and the two began work on Off the Wall. After listening to hundreds of demos, the two decided upon the ones to record. These included "Workin' Day and Night", "Get on the Floor" and "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough". The song was recorded in Los Angeles. Jackson claimed that when the melody of "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough" came to him, he couldn't shake it off. He found himself humming and singing it while walking through the Jacksons' Encino home. As Michael was not a keyboardist, although certainly capable of playing piano, he had his brother Randy perform the melody on a piano in the family's recording studio. When Jackson's mother, Katherine Jackson, a devout Jehovah's Witness, heard the song, she was shocked by the lyrical content and felt that the title could be misconstrued as pertaining to sexual activity. Jackson reassured her that the song was not a reference to sex, but could mean whatever people wanted it to. Upon playing the recording to Jones, it was agreed that the song would be featured on Off the Wall.

Paragraph 14: According to Watson's Factory Made: Warhol and the Sixties, Taylor Mead had achieved a degree of fame that "inspired a backlash." One example was a letter to the editors at The Village Voice in August 1964 by a Peter Emanuel Goodman, who was upset by Jonas Mekas's film reviews for the paper: "I have tolerated his praise of films shot without cameras, films shot without lenses, films shot without film, films shot out of focus, films focusing on Taylor Mead's ass for two hours, etc. . . . But the August 13 column in praise of Andy Warhol was a bit too much." Mead replied in a letter to the publication: "Re. Peter Goldman's letter in The Voice, Andy Warhol and I have searched the archives of the Warhol colossus and find no 'two hour film of Taylor Mead's ass.' We are rectifying this undersight with the unlimited resources at our command. Love and kisses." Two days later, Warhol shot the "sixty-minute opus that consisted entirely of Taylor Mead's Ass," during which Mead first exhibits a variety of movement, then appears to "shove a variety of objects up his ass." The film was Mead's last for Warhol "for more than three years", at the end of 1964, "Mead felt betrayed by Warhol for not showing the film." The satirical devices of exaggeration and incongruity are represented by the objects that give characteristics such as simile, symbolism, hyperbole, imagery, and foreshadowing to the film's pop culture iconography in the form of a photo of Lady Bird Johnson; another of Tippi Hedren and Rod Taylor in The Birds; another of Liz Taylor and Richard Burton in The V.I.P.s; and the Beatles on the cover of Life, Hemingway's Moveable Feast, followed by Tolstoy's Anna Karenina, a gay porn magazine entitled BIG, flowers, a vacuum cleaner hose, plus a Scott toilet tissue wrapper, which creates an avant-garde social commentary, historic time-capsule, and psychosexual drama. The film subsequently has received one review on IMDB, from an external source, an internet blog.

Paragraph 15:  Scott J. Bloch (December 2003 – November 2008). On June 26, 2003, President George W. Bush nominated Bloch for the position of Special Counsel at the Office of Special Counsel. The Senate unanimously confirmed Bloch on December 9, 2003. On Jan. 5, 2004, he was sworn in to serve a five-year term. Bloch brought 17 years of experience to the Office of Special Counsel, including litigation of employment, lawyer ethics, and complex cases before state courts, federal courts and administrative tribunals. He briefed and argued cases before state and federal appellate courts. From 2001 to 2003, Bloch served as associate director and then deputy director and Counsel to the Task Force for Faith-based and Community Initiatives at the U.S. Department of Justice, where he worked on First Amendment cases, regulations, intergovernmental outreach, and programmatic initiatives. Before serving in the Justice Department, he was a partner with Stevens & Brand, LLP, of Lawrence, Kansas, where he practiced in the areas of civil rights law, employment law, and legal ethics. Bloch tried jury trials before state and federal courts, representing employees and employers in cases involving whistleblower and other retaliation claims, as well as civil rights claims. He worked on important cases that set precedents in the field of legal ethics, including a ground-breaking Texas case that changed the way plaintiffs' lawyers handle mass tort cases. Bloch served as chair of his county Bar Ethics and Grievance Committee, investigating cases of alleged breaches by attorneys of ethics rules, and making recommendations to the state Supreme Court on disciplinary action. He also served on the state board of discipline, hearing testimony and legal arguments, and making findings on appropriate discipline of attorneys. For five years, he served as an adjunct professor at the University of Kansas School of Law. Mr. Bloch earned his bachelor's and law degree from the University of Kansas, where he graduated Order of the Coif, and served on the Boards of Editors of The Kansas Law Review and The Kansas Criminal Procedure Review. He lives with his wife, Catherine, and their seven children in Alexandria, Virginia.

Paragraph 16: After the events of the first book, Dragon Weather, Arlian finds himself armed with the knowledge of how dragons reproduce. It is a nasty and terrible business and Arlian wishes to prevent dragons from ever reproducing. Using the magic gathered in Arithei, he continues his quest. He realizes that if he is to fulfill his quest of destroying the dragons he must destroy the entire dragon society which is made up of dragon hearts. Dragon hearts are those who have drunk a mixture of human blood and dragon venom and gain a long extended life and a baby dragon growing in their heart; ironically, Arlian is himself such a dragon heart, and he to would give birth to a dragon in a thousand years unless he does something to prevent that. Arlian and his best friend Black hunt down the dragons in the hope that if Arlian kills a dragon the duke will assist him in destroying the dragon menace. In the end he removes a dragon from the heart of a Lady Rime which wakes up its mother - as it turns out, dragons care for their offspring as much as do humans and other creatures. The mother dragon comes to Manfort to kill Arlian but instead falls victim to an obsidian spear. This success is achieved only thanks to a change of heart by one of Arlian's most staunch foes - who, at the crucial moment becomes a loyal and courageous ally, sacrificing his own life in order to enable Arlian to overcome the dragon. Shaken and deeply moved, Arlian decides to give up any further design of revenge on human enemies, concentrating on the campaign against the dragons. Arlian is the first man ever to kill a dragon, and his standing and prestige mounts high. He receives the full assistance of the duke and is named warlord in the coming battle against the dragons. Even with the initial success of killing a dragon, Arlian's task is far from over.

Paragraph 17: The PBS Satellite Service (also known as the PBS National Program Service, with the primary C-band feed being formerly known as PBS Schedule X in Eastern Time, with the West Coast delay signal designated PBS-XP) consists of feeds relayed from PBS by satellite to public television stations throughout the United States. The service was launched in September 1978. The service provides a mixed variety of programming selected from PBS's regular network services.  In the X/XP years a satellite feed was multicast by some PBS member stations on an over-the-air DTV sub-channel along with their regular programming, or during overnight hours on their main channel to provide a second opportunity for viewers to watch or record primetime programming. PBS currently utilizes two transponders on the AMC-21 satellite. Transponder 24 is a MCPC (multiple channel per carrier) which currently has seven channels uplinked from the PBS NOC (Network Operations Center) in Alexandria, VA. Transponder 23 utilizes four SCPC (Single channel per carrier) feeds which are shared amongst different affiliates across the country at various times. Currently, select stations broadcast the feed, usually overnight, like KGTF (PBS Guam, broadcasts most of the channel as a localised feed). The channel is also available over satellite providers like DirecTV (Channel 389). PBS stations provide all of their channels free to TV providers who do not receive local channels.

Paragraph 18: Gibbs released a Vicor Music single called "Miss" in 1988 which became a radio hit. His second album entitled "Ipagpatawad" received a Gold and Platinum Award. One of the singles from that album with the same title won the 1991 Awit Award for Best Revival. Poly Cosmic Records released his third and fourth album. The third, entitled "Bulong" contains two of his original compositions. It also contained a revival entitled "Binibini" and the much loved "I Believe in Dreams". His fourth album "Another Chance", carries the hit song "Pinakamagandang Babae" which he himself composed, plus the moving love song "Another Chance". His album "Sa ‘Yo" was again released through Viva Records where it had received a Gold Record Award.In 2001,Viva Records released an all revival album Divas & I which contains duet with the divas. In 2002, Viva Records released a live album called Janno Live Viva's and I. In 2004, Gibbs was now also a recording artist of GMA Records when he released his album entitled "Seven", as it is also his seventh album. Viva Records had a compilation album called "Janno Silver Series" which contained duets with Pops Fernandez, Jaya, Regine Velasquez, Rachel Alejandro and Ogie Alcasid. In 2007, Gibbs created an album called "Little Boy" which contained seven of his original composition. In 2008, Gibbs created a new album entitled "Orig" where 11 songs are composed and produced by himself. In 2010, Gibbs created another compilation album called "The Janno Gibbs Anthology" in which 18 of the songs are his compositions. In 2015, Gibbs created another album called "Novela" which contains the telenovela theme songs of GMA. In 2016, Gibbs created a single for his birthday titled "Get It On". In 2017, Gibbs records and created his latest single under GMA Records titled "My Jagiya" also a theme song of GMA's Telenovela Series "My Korean Jagiya". In 2017, Gibbs releases his new album this year very soon under GMA Records. In January 2018, Gibbs released a new digital album called Nagbabalik which includes his single Get It On, Oh Girl featuring Andrew E. and many more under GMA Records available on Spotify and other digital stores nationwide. In 2021, Gibbs releases his two new singles under Viva Records titled Pangmalakasan and Pag-Ibig Kong Tunay. In 2022, Gibbs releases his single under Viva Records on his birthday titled Future Lover.

Paragraph 19: LaBeouf was born on June 11, 1986, in Los Angeles, California. He is the only child of Shayna Saide and Jeffrey LaBeouf. His mother was a visual artist, jewelry designer, and former dancer, while his father is a Vietnam War veteran and former professional clown. His mother died of heart failure in August 2022. LaBeouf's mother was Jewish, and his father, who is of Cajun French descent, is Christian. He has stated that he was raised around "both sides"; he had a Bar Mitzvah ceremony, and was also baptized. One of the camps he attended was Christian. In Hebrew, his first name Shia translates as 'gift of God'. He embraced the Catholic faith in 2022.

Paragraph 20: Situated at the intersections of Market Ave, Exchange St, and Hawkins Ave. Wallhaven is a commercial and rental residential district which houses many of Akron's original and unique points of interest such as: Swensons Hamburger stand, here in its original location (1934) offering some of the best burgers in Akron owing to its secret recipe for hamburger meat; and Ken Stewart's Grille, one of Akron's finest dining experiences.  You will also find many essentials here such as banks, bagels, Dry Cleaners, Pharmacies, a Robek's smoothies shop and many others. The Subdivision of Sunset View  (houses range from 2200 sq feet to 7500 sq ft and from $190,000 to $380,000) is full of large older houses equal to the size of those found in Merriman Heights and is bounded by Storer Ave and Delia, to the East and South, and Exchange to Elmdale on the North and West. Developed mostly between the early 1920s to the mid 1930s. Its Akron's third premier vintage Housing neighborhood After Merriman Heights and Fairlawn Heights. The O'Neil Mansion, built by William O'Neil (founder of General Tire),  is located at the Corner of Mull and Exchange at the center of Sunset View. Castle (1700 sq feet to 2800 sq ft and from $130,000 to the mid-two hundreds) is Located around Castle Boulevard and is bounded by castle like monikers at its entrances off Market, Centered by Castle Boulevard itself. Many attractive homes from the mid-1920s to the mid-1930 line the streets of this area. Hunters Lodge (1500 sq ft to 2400 sq ft and from 100,000 to $150,000) is the area from Mull to Hawkins and boarded by Exchange and Delia, Built on the land that was once used by many of Akron's prominent families as a place to ride horses and hunt. Its Centered by Hunter's Lodge Park whose center piece is the lodge itself.  Though many Akronites have forgotten the names of Hunter's Lodge, Castle and Sunset View; the residents of all three subdivisions pride themselves in the rich long history of their Developments. Sunset View especially since it was built on the grounds of an older sanitarium of the same name. Of interest are the homes along Market Starting at Portage Path and ending at Elmdale. At one time this was considered Millionaires row and you will find many of the large mansions tucked along this stretch of market either as private residences, offices or schools such as Our Lady Of The Elms an all girls school (considered one of the top 10 in Ohio), which occupies what was once a Renaissance Revival Mansion barring the name The Elms. Others include Breaside ( The Belles Arts, Galt family, Mansion) and several of the Firestone Mansions (which range from French Chateau to Georgian and Edwardian) as well as Rocky Knoll which was torn down to build the Rockynol Retirement Community.

Paragraph 21: Firecrafter is the third BSA camp rank.  Firecrafter is the mountain top experience for the third-year camper in which their attentiveness to the core values of Friendship, Leadership, and Service will be put to the test.  Firecrafter requires preparation before camp - a scout must have several elements of their candidacy planned prior to that point.  It is designed to encourage a Scout to push themselves to create personal growth, as well as to encourage the scout to progress further on the path to Eagle, and therefore, serves as a critical element of any Scouting program within the Crossroads of America Council. A cantidate has seven days to complete the Firecrafter card, with the exception of requirement 13 (that of the Firecrafter Ritual), and the requirements provide a learning experience unique to each young man's character and skill level.  Firecrafter carries with it several prerequisites: the scout must be 13 years of age, they must hold First Class rank, must have earned Camper and Woodsman, and they must not be 21 years of age by the time of the Firecrafter Ritual. There are several requirements for Firecrafter that serve to provide long memories for the Scout.  They must make a fire-by-friction unassisted, complete five successive uniform inspections, and plan, lead, and execute a campfire program of specified format and design.  At the conclusion of the in-camp candidacy, the Scout is invited to attend the inductions weekend, the Firecrafter Ritual, which is similar in form and fashion to the Order of the Arrow Ordeal and is discussed briefly below.

Paragraph 22: These games were not necessarily held every year from their inception. In many cases, games were based on a vow (votum) by a military commander, and were celebrated as a special festival after his triumphal procession. As the army used to go forth as a general rule each summer, it became customary when it returned in autumn to celebrate such games, though connected with no triumph, and though no signal victory had been gained. But still in all cases they were celebrated as extraordinary games, and not as games regularly established by law. They were sollemnes, "customary," but had not yet become annui, "yearly". Livy identifies the two kinds, the ludi magni and the ludi Romani, and so do Cicero (Repub. ii. 20, 35), Festus (l. c), and Pseudo-Asconius. In all his other books, however, Livy observes a distinction which has been pointed out by Friedrich Wilhelm Ritschl (Parerga zu Plautus, &c. p. 290), that ludi magni is the term applied to extraordinary games originating in a vow (ludi votivi), while ludi Romani is that applied to the games when they were established as annual (ludi stati).  Ludi Romani is first used by Livy in viii. 40, 2 (see Weissenborn ad loc); and after that the terms varied according as the games are stati (e.g. x. 47, 7; xxv. 2, 8) or votivi. The distinction drawn by Ritschl is to be considered proven, but it is unclear when the "established" games became annual.

Paragraph 23: By 1950, tropical cyclones that were judged by the US Weather Bureau to have intensified into a tropical storm started to be assigned names. Storms were originally named in alphabetical order using the World War Two version of the Phonetic Alphabet. By 1952 a new phonetic alphabet had been developed and this led to confusion as some parties wanted to use the newer phonetic alphabet.  In 1953, to alleviate any confusion, forecasters decided to use a set of 23 feminine names. After the 1953 Atlantic hurricane season, public reception to the idea seemed favorable, so the same list was adopted for the next year with one change: Gilda for Gail. However, after storms like Carol and Hazel got a lot of publicity during the 1953 season, forecasters agreed to develop a new set of names for 1955. However, before this could happen, a tropical storm was declared significant on January 2, 1955, and was named as Alice. The new set of names were developed and used in 1955 beginning with Brenda continuing through the alphabet to Zelda. For each season before 1960, a new set of names was developed. In 1960 forecasters decided to begin rotating names in a regular sequence and thus four alphabetical lists were established to be repeated every four years. The sets followed the example of the western Pacific typhoon naming lists and excluded names beginning with the letters Q, U, X, Y and Z. These four lists were used until 1972 when the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) replaced them with 9 lists designed to be used from 1972. In 1977, NOAA made the decision to relinquish control over the name selection by allowing a regional committee of the World Meteorological Organization to select the new sets of names, which would contain male names and some Spanish and French names, in order to reflect all the cultures and languages within the Atlantic Ocean. The World Meteorological Organization decided that the new lists of hurricane name would start to be used in 1979. Since 1979 the same lists have been used, but with names of significant tropical cyclones removed from the lists and replaced with new names. In 2002 subtropical cyclones started to be assigned names from the main list of names set up for that year. In 2005 and 2020, as all the names pre-selected for the season were exhausted, the contingency plan of using Greek letters for names had to be used. Following Hurricane Eta and Hurricane Iota, the WMO decided that to retire a Greek-letter storm, the letter would be used again, but the name, with the year after it, would be included in a list of retired names: Eta (2020) and Iota (2020). When this plan was generally rejected, it was decided to discontinue the use of Greek letters and to instead replace them with an auxiliary name list, which has not yet been used.

Paragraph 24:  The Dumb Bunny (Athena Tremor, occupation: model), the stupid but super-strong daughter of Princess Power (parodying Wonder Woman) and Steve Tremor (parodying Steve Trevor). In later continuity (revealed in Angel and the Ape (vol. 2) #1), she is still the daughter of Princess Power; it is later revealed that her father is actually Professor Theo O'Day. Shortly after Athena's birth, Professor O'Day left Princess Power and fell in love with a non-powered woman. Together, they had a daughter, Angel Beatrix O'Day (who is Athena's half-sister). After Angel's mother died, Professor O'Day reconciled with Princess Power and raised Athena and Angel together. As the Dumb Bunny, Athena is described as "strong as an ox and almost as intelligent". She is named after the Greek goddess of wisdom, Athena. Although her surname "Tremor" is still given in current continuity, she is the daughter of Professor O'Day instead of Steve Tremor. According to the end of The Brave and The Bold #35, Dumb Bunny actually appears to be extremely intelligent, as she clearly understands a scientist and explains it to the other people. Since her father is a professor, the "Dumb" role play may be her "trick" and also not wanting to overshadow "Merryman".

Paragraph 25:  : 104 killed. The U.S. State Department has confirmed 104 American deaths, including at least four people directly affiliated with the U.S. government. An estimated 45,000 Americans were in Haiti at the time of the quake. As of 8 March, 2,000 were unaccounted for. Determining the exact number of Americans and people with dual US-Haitian citizenship presents difficulties because dual citizens do not routinely register with the US Embassy. American casualties came from a variety of backgrounds and include government officials, humanitarian workers, Christian missionaries, and expatriates living in Haiti. One victim was Victoria DeLong, a cultural affairs officer with the State Department, who was killed when her house collapsed. Celebrated former soccer player Gerald Haig died when the roof of his home collapsed, which also severely injured his wife. Many American victims had ties to non-profit organizations in Haiti. Molly Hightower of Port Orchard, Washington was killed when the orphanage she was working in was destroyed. Flo McGarrell, a transgender visual artist from Vermont, died in the collapse of the Peace of Mind Hotel in Jacmel, where he worked in a non-profit art center. Ryan Kloos of Phoenix, Arizona died in Pétion-Ville while visiting his sister, who worked in a local orphanage. A 4-year-old orphan named Atanie, who was in the process of being adopted by Lorie and Darrell Johnson of Knoxville, Tennessee, died when the roof of her orphanage, located outside of Port-au-Prince, collapsed. A number of Americans conducting missionary work died in the earthquake. Rev. Sam Dixon, Deputy General Secretary of the United Methodist Committee on Relief, and Rev. Clinton Rabb, head of the mission volunteers office of the United Methodist General Board of Global Ministries, were killed in the collapse of Hôtel Montana. Three members of the Free Methodist Church, Rev. Jeanne Acheson-Munos, Merle West and Gene Dufour, died together in the collapse of the Friends of Haiti Organization headquarters. Ben Larson, a senior student at Wartburg Theological Seminary, was in Haiti with his wife and cousin conducting missionary work was killed in the earthquake. Clara Jean Arnwine was one of 12 members of the Highland Park United Methodist Church who had gone to run a free eye clinic in Petit-Goâve. Arnwine was in the clinic when the earthquake struck and was rescued and transported to the island of Guadeloupe for treatment, but died in hospital. Among those still reported as missing is Diane Caves, who was working with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Haiti. Many Americans were also seriously wounded in the earthquake, including Christa Brelsford, a native of Anchorage, Alaska, who was interviewed on CNN's Larry King Live after having her lower right leg amputated. The extent of injuries to other Americans working or living in Haiti at the time of the earthquake has not been widely reported.

Paragraph 26: As the infantry of the two armies fought at the Battle of Bethesda Church on May 30, Maj. Gen. Philip Sheridan, the Union Cavalry Corps commander, began to receive requests for assistance from Maj. Gen. Gouverneur K. Warren, commander of the V Corps, who was concerned that his isolated advanced position on the left flank of the Union army put him at risk. The Cavalry Corps was encamped near the Haw's Shop battlefield, concentrated in the area to protect the road network that led to the supply base at White House on the Pamunkey River and the New Castle Ferry, an area through which reinforcements from Maj. Gen. William F. "Baldy" Smith's XVIII Corps were expected to travel. Sheridan initially paid little attention to Warren's requests because he still harbored ill feelings from arguments the two generals had at the beginning of the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House. Maj. Gen. George G. Meade, commander of the Army of the Potomac, had also quarreled frequently with both Sheridan and Warren and therefore stayed out of this dispute between them. However, as Warren's requests became more urgent, Sheridan agreed to screen roads leading to Warren's left flank, assigning the task to his division under Brig. Gen. Alfred T. A. Torbert. Torbert delegated the responsibility to the brigade of Col. Thomas C. Devin, which was encamped at the Old Church crossroads. As instructions passed through this chain of command, they became garbled. Rather than patrolling the Old Church Road to the west as desired by Warren, Devin was led to understand that he would picket the Bottoms Bridge Road leading south toward Old Cold Harbor. He placed his brigade in a good defensible position on the north bank of Matadequin Creek and sent a squadron from the 17th Pennsylvania Cavalry to a forward position at the Barker farm, south of the creek.

Paragraph 27: The relationship between compositionality and semantic holism has also been of interest to many philosophers of language. On the surface it would seem that these two ideas are in complete and irremediable contradiction. Compositionality is the principle that states that the meaning of a complex expression depends on the meaning of its parts and on its mode of composition. As stated before, holism, on the other hand, is the thesis that the meanings of expressions of a language are determined by their relations with the other expressions of the language as a whole. Peter Pagin, in an essay called Are Compositionality and Holism Compatible identifies three points of incompatibility between these two hypotheses. The first consists in the simple observation that while, for holism, the meaning of the whole would seem to precede that of its parts in terms of priority, for compositionality, the reverse is true, the meaning of the parts precedes that of the whole. The second incoherence consists in the fact that a necessity to attribute "strange" meanings to the components of larger expressions would apparently result from any attempt to reconcile compositionality and holism. Pagin takes a specific holistic theory of meaning – inferential role semantics, the theory according to which the meaning of an expression is determined by the inferences that it involves – as his paradigm of holism. If we interpret this theory holistically, the result will be that every accepted inference that involves some expression will enter into the meaning of that expression. Suppose, for example, that Fred believes that "Brown cows are dangerous". That is, he accepts the inference from "brown cows" to "dangerous." This entails that this inference is now part of the meaning of "brown cow." According to compositionality then, "cow implies dangerous" and "brown implies dangerous" are both true because they are the constituents of the expression "brown cow." But is this really an inevitable consequence of the acceptance of the holism of inferential role semantics? To see why it's not assume the existence of a relation of inference I between two expressions x and y and that the relation applies just in case F accepts the inference from x to y.  Suppose that in the extension of I, there are the following pairs of expressions ("The sky is blue and leaves are green", "the sky is blue") and ("brown cow", "dangerous").

Paragraph 28: Wigmore Hall is a concert hall located at 36 Wigmore Street, London. Originally called Bechstein Hall, it specialises in performances of chamber music, early music, vocal music and song recitals. It is widely regarded as one of the world's leading centres for this type of music and an essential port of call for many of the classical music world's leading stars. With  near-perfect acoustic, the Hall quickly became celebrated across Europe and featured many of the great artists of the 20th century. Today, the Hall promotes 550 concerts a year and broadcasts a weekly concert on BBC Radio 3. The Hall also promotes an extensive education programme throughout London and beyond and has a huge digital broadcasting arm, which includes the Wigmore Hall Live Label and many live streams of concerts.

Paragraph 29: Partial list of recordings¡Asesino! (1988) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)Vivisection (1988) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)I - Descent (1988) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)II - Tonguespeak (1988) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)III - Poetry & Motion (1988) (Cassette, Sound of Pig)IV - Warfare State (1988) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)Die Brücke (1988) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)Appeal (1989) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)A Noise Supreme (1989) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)Compositions : Depression & Ideal (with Vidna Obmana) (1989) (Cassette, PBK Recordings/Freedom in a Vacuum)Monument of Empty Colours (with Vidna Obmana) (1989) (Cassette, Decade Collection)The Music of Her Sleep / Towards the Enfolding Flower (with Vidna Obmana) (1990) (Cassette, Decade Collection)Narcosis (1990) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)Thrill Pictures Vol 1 (1990) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)Thrill Pictures Vol 2 (1990) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)Fragment 3 (with Vidna Obmana) (1991) (Cassette, N D)Profusion (1991) (Cassette, Realization Recordings)Five Manifestoes (with Asmus Tietchens) (1992) (CD, Realization Recordings)Domineer / Asesino! / Retro (1992) (3xLP Box, RRRecords)Macrophage / The Toil and the Reap (1992) (CD, N D)Shadows of Prophecy / In His Throes (1994) (CD, N D)Listening to the World Vibrate (1995) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)Life-Sense Revoked (1996) (CD, Lunhare)Headmix (1997) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)The Mescaline Tracks (1997) (Cassette, PBK Recordings)Dreams in Moving Space (with Artemiy Artemiev) (2000) (CD, Electroshock Records)A Moment of Infinity (with Artemiy Artemiev) (2002) (CD, Electroshock Records)Auditory Hallucination of Drowsy Afternoon (with Government Alpha) (2007) (CD, Xerxes)Cloisters (with Minóy) (recorded in 1987, released in 2008) (Cassette, The Sound Genetic)Chansons Mystiques (with Minóy) (recorded in 1988, released in 2009) (Cassette, The Sound Genetic)The Deadened Stream of Eve (2009) (Cassette, Community College)Under My Breath (feat. contributions from John Wiggins, Akifumi Nakajima (Aube), Wolf Eyes, Nocturnal Emissions, and more) (2009) (CD, Waystyx)Invasive Species (with Anla Courtis) (2013) (Cassette, Green Records and Tapes)Unidentified Again (with Jim O'Rourke) (2015) (2xLP, Pica Disk)Rabid (with Wolf Eyes) (2016) (LP, Sonoris)Solution Circulaire (2019) (Cassette, PBK Self-Released)Tongue of a Stabbed Host (2019) (Cassette, PBK Self-Released)Thinking of Eternity (recorded 1998, released 2019) (LP, Table Sports)Disquietude In Shouting Tomorrows (with Richard Ramirez & A Week Of Kindness) (2021) (Cassette, Orb Tapes)Erosion of the Monolith (with Nocturnal Emissions) (2022) (LP, Nihilist)

Paragraph 30: In the 1930s, the economists Oskar Lange and Abba Lerner developed a comprehensive model of a socialist economy that utilized a price system and money for the allocation of capital goods. In contrast to a free-market price system, "socialist" prices would be set by a planning board to equal the marginal cost of production to achieve neoclassical Pareto efficiency. Because this model of socialism relied upon money and administered prices as opposed to non-monetary calculation in physical magnitudes, it was labelled "market socialism". In effect, Oskar Lange conceded that calculations in a socialist system would have to be performed in value terms with a functioning price system rather than using purely natural or engineering criteria as in the classic concept of socialism.