Paragraph 1: After serving in a backup role for 4 years, Smith replaced Rich Saul as the starting center in 1982. In that 1982 to 1991 span, the Rams made the playoffs 6 times: 1983 to 1986, 1988, and 1989. Los Angeles won a wild card  game in the 1983–84 NFL playoffs against the Dallas Cowboys, as Smith with guards Kent Hill and Dennis Harrah and with tackles Bill Bain and Jackie Slater led Eric Dickerson to 99 rushing yards, but lost to the Washington Redskins in the divisional round. In the 1984–85 NFL playoffs, Los Angeles lost in the divisional round again, this time to the New York Giants. In the 1985–86 NFL playoffs, Smith was replaced by Tony Slaton as the Rams won a divisional round game against the Cowboys, but were shut out in the NFC championship game by the legendary Chicago Bears defense of '85. In the 1986–87 NFL playoffs, the Rams lost a wild card game to the Redskins, as Smith, Harrah, and left guard Tom Newberry had a somewhat difficult time against their defensive line, rushing 41 times for 138 yards. In the 1988–89 NFL playoffs, the Rams lost a wild card game to the Minnesota Vikings. In the 1989–90 NFL playoffs, the Rams defeated the Philadelphia Eagles in the wild card game and the Giants in the divisional round, but lost to the San Francisco 49ers in the NFC championship game. In the Philly game, Smith, with Newberry and Slaton at guards, Irv Pankey and Slater at tackles, helped Greg Bell rush for 124 yards in 23 carries. In the Giant game, the same offensive line (except for Duval Love replacing Slaton at right guard), led Bell to 87 yards rushing in 19 carries in their over-time victory. Then the Rams plummeted to 5–11 and 3–13 won-lost records in 1990 and 1991. In 1992, Smith was replaced by Bern Brostek.

Paragraph 2: It competed in many genres of racing starting in Midget car racing.  From there, the team progressed to Indy cars including the Indianapolis 500, land speed records, and NASCAR Grand National Series. After driver Paul Goldsmith won the 1957 Daytona Beach Road Course race, Nichels became the primary car builder for Pontiac; it took over the role for all of the Chrysler products in 1963.  Nichels-built stock cars won national races in USAC, NASCAR, Automobile Racing Club of America (ARCA) and International Motor Contest Association (IMCA).  The team won the 1961 and 1962 USAC Stock Car championship with Goldsmith and the 1967 championship with Don White.  Nichels cars competed in two FIA World Championship races – the  and  Indy 500.

Paragraph 3: Harris replaced Napalm Death's founding member Miles "The Rat" Ratledge as drummer in 1985. He was the driving force behind Scum and From Enslavement to Obliteration, being the only band member to play on both side A and side B of Scum. A subsequent review of From Enslavement to Obliteration in the punk/indie fanzine Flipside went as follows: "This sounds like someone is literally firing a fully automatic rifle while a bassist and guitarist try to keep up." After the release of the EP Mentally Murdered, Napalm Death became more interested in the death metal scene and their sound started to move away from the British grindcore sound. At this point Bill Steer and Lee Dorrian departed the band due to creative differences. Harris left the band in 1991.

Paragraph 4: In 1993, the Blues made their first run at a National Championship. After winning their league, the Blues advanced to Nationals and made a run to the Final Four where they ultimately lost. Then in 1997, the Blues were a founding member of the United States Rugby Super League (USA / 1997-2012). The Rugby Super League was the premier competition in the United States, made up of the top 14 teams in the nation, spanning from Boston and New York to San Diego and San Francisco. In the inaugural year the Blues made it to the Super League Final Four. Over the next ten years the Blues competed in RSL with several winning seasons. In 2007, the Blues made the decision to move back to Division 1 in order to restructure. The club successfully rebuilt and in 2012 the Blues became just the second club ever to send two separate teams to the National 15s playoffs round of 8 with a team competing in both the Division 1 and the Division 3 National Playoffs in the same year. Ultimately the Division 1 side would lose a close match (23-20) to Belmont Shore (California) who went on to win the National Championship. In 2014-2015, the Blues would win the Midwest Premiership League and once again punch their ticket to the Division 1 National Championship but again be bested in the round of eight in a close loss to Mystic River (Boston). Currently, the Blues field a Division 1 side that competes in the Midwest Rugby Premiership along with other Division 1 teams from Chicago, Minneapolis, Milwaukee, Columbus, Cincinnati, etc. as well as a Division 2 side that competes in the Heart of America League with other Division 2 teams from the more immediate region such as St. Louis, Omaha, etc. Since the Blues joined the Midwest Premiership in 2013-2014 the Blues have amassed an impressive D1 league record of 40-18 from 2013-2017.

Paragraph 5: The Miller Analogies Test used to be accepted by American Mensa, and still is by Intertel, the Triple Nine Society, the International Society for Philosophical Enquiry and the Prometheus Society for its admission requirements. Intertel requires a raw score of 74 on the "old" MAT, or a score at the 99th percentile on the modern one. The ISPE and the Triple Nine Society require at least a raw score of 85 on the "old" MAT, and at least 472 on the modern one. The Prometheus Society requires at least a raw score of 98 on the "old" MAT, and at least 500 on the modern one.

Paragraph 6: A supporter of civil rights, Archbishop Iakovos was one of the few prominent non-African American clergymen—and the only Church leader—who had the courage to walk hand in hand with Martin Luther King Jr. during the famous march in Selma, Alabama.  A picture of this historic moment, with Archbishop Iakovos to the right of Martin Luther King Jr., was captured on the cover of Life Magazine on March 26, 1965. According to Grammenos "when Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. marched from the Brown Chapel of the African Methodist Episcopal Church to the Dallas County Courthouse in Selma, Alabama, on March 15, 1965, Archbishop Iakovos, leader of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of North and South America, was among the few white men who accompanied him. Iakovos, who had experienced religious oppression himself as a child, accepted Dr. King's invitation demonstrating his commitment to freedom and civil rights as key principles of the American life. Iakovos stated that the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese could no longer remain a 'spectator and listener', and it must labor and struggle to develop its spiritual life. In the end, his firm support of Dr. King's initiative helped bring to fruition the passage of voting rights legislation, advancing equality among his communicants."

Paragraph 7: The Mackinaw was constructed during the Second World War to extend the shipping season on the Great Lakes; ice formation on the Lakes was ending the season in late December until the ice cleared in late March or early April. Prior to the war, the light icebreakers USCGC Escanaba and USCGC Tahoma had worked to keep the shipping lanes open in winter, but once the U.S. entered the war these two cutters were reassigned to the north Atlantic.  The Coast Guard calculated that extending the shipping season by ten days in winter would allow the delivery of an additional three and a half million tons of iron ore, coal and limestone to the steel industry, or alternatively of 120 million bushels of grain to food markets. After World War II ended with the surrender of Nazi Germany in May 1945 and the Empire of Japan in September of the same year when their delegates signed the articles of unconditional surrender to the Allies, the Mackinaw was slated to continue its service to the USCG in icebreaking duty in the Great Lakes due to being too large to navigate the channels to reach open ocean from the Great Lakes. Aided by several smaller icebreakers in the USCG icebreaker fleet, such as the USCGC Katmai Bay, the Mackinaw provided safe passage for freighters as they delivered their cargo of taconite, grain, and other resources, around the Great Lakes to ports such as Detroit, Chicago, and Gary. When the Soo Locks closed for winter maintenance each year until reopening in late March, the Mackinaw was kept busy creating channels in the ice for the larger freighters to navigate safely to reach the Locks when they reopened for service, including the SS Arthur M. Anderson, the last ship to have contact with the SS Edmund Fitzgerald before it sank with all hands on Lake Superior on November 10th, 1975. Tragically, the Mackinaw was unavailable to support the freighters on that fateful night escorting them through the storm, and was unable to support in the futile search for survivors over the following days.

Paragraph 8: In his article titled The Places of Astronomy in Early-Modern Culture, Nicholas Jardine looks to examine how the system of patronage and the codes of courtly conduct shaped a new agenda for astronomy: the quest for the true world system. Jardine begins his article by noting that astronomy “did not then make up a specialty or discipline in anything like the modern sense… rather, it comprised a whole series of practices widely diffused through the various social sites and strata.”  The focus of University teachings on astronomy was “predominantly practical and utilitarian, directed towards the calendrical, navigational, agricultural, and above all, medical applications of the subject… [p]lanetary models were on the whole considered as fictions devised for predictive purposes.”  But, during the course of the sixteenth century “there arose an entirely new kind of princely and aristocratic involvement in astronomy, an involvement in which astronomical observations, instruments, models, and ultimately world systems themselves became objects of courtly production, exchange, and competition.” Some notable places of this “new courtly culture of astronomy were the court of Landgraf Wilhelm IV of Hesse-Kassel, Tycho Brahe’s island of Hven (held in fief from Frederick II of Denmark) and, some decades later, Rudo III’s imperial court at Prague, the Medici court and the papal court.”  By the later decades of the sixteenth century, in these places, as a consequence of astronomers utilizing the patronage system, a fair number of astronomers found themselves dining at princely tables “rather than seated below the salt at university feasts.”  Jardine divides the main sites of astronomy into university, court and city, and notes aspects of University such as appointments and curricula as “very often under direct or indirect court control: Wilhelm IV of Hesse-Kassel, for example, closely supervised appointments and the curriculum at his father’s new university of Marburg… [a]nd conversely, court mathematical appointments were often held concurrently with university posts or filled on university nomination.”  Further, Jardine argues that at “least in the court context, the model of stable, salary-based patron-client relationships is inappropriate… [r]ather, power and dependence arose out of mechanism of mutual recognition of status and honour, regulated by exchange of gifts, tokens, and services.”  He notes that in “such an ‘economy of honour’, princes often competed to secure the service of notable astronomers; and they, in turn, played patrons off against each other as they shifted and multiplied their allegiances... [in] [other] [words] patrons and clients collected and displayed each other. Jardine observes how recent authors have noted ways in which the new cosmologies of the sixteenth century embodied courtly ideals. For example, “in his De rebus coelestibus of 1512 Giovanni Gioviano Pontano, secretary and ambrassador of the Aragonese rulers of Naples, projected into the heavens a court society, in which the planets dance to the tunes of their master, the Sun; much like how that at the Neapolitan court, as at many other European courts, the courtiers danced before their ruler on ceremonial occasions.”  Not merely the “forms of the new cosmologies, but the very quest for a true world system was”, Jardine believes, “a product of courtly ethos.”  He recalls that many recent historians “have emphasized the constitutive roles of gift exchange in the sixteenth-century court… [where] [g]ifts were displayed as symbolic representations of power and as object of erudite, often playful conversation- that is, in a somewhat later idiom, as ‘conversation pieces’.”  Often it was through the presentation of instruments, gift-books, and “discoveries in the case of astronomy- that positions of service at court were solicited and secured.”  Patronage relationships often helped both parties achieve social distinction, maintaining honor and mutual distinction, even after death; for example:

Paragraph 9: Released in the wake of his death, the song became synonymous with the myth of Hank Williams as a haunted, lonely figure who expressed pain with an authenticity that became the standard for country music.  The name of the song was used as the title of Hank Williams' 1964 biopic. "Your Cheatin' Heart", as well as other songs by Williams were performed on the movie, with George Hamilton dubbing the soundtrack album recorded by Williams' son, Hank Williams Jr. Country music historian Colin Escott wrote that "the song – for all intents and purposes – defines country music." In the 2003 documentary series Lost Highway, country music historian Ronnie Pugh comments, "It's Hank's anthem, it's his musical last will and testament.  It's searing, it's powerful, it's gripping.  If you want to say this is his last and best work, I wouldn't argue with that."  AllMusic described the track as the "signature song" of Hank Williams, and an "unofficial anthem" of country music. Rolling Stone called it "one of the greatest country standards of all time", ranking it at number 217 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. The song ranked at number 5 in Country Music Television's 100 Greatest Songs in Country Music in 2003,

Paragraph 10: Andriessen studied Law at the Utrecht University obtaining a Master of Laws degree. Andriessen worked for a construction institute in Utrecht from October 1953 until February 1967 and as CEO from July 1961. Andriessen was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives after the election of 1967 on 23 February 1967 and served as a frontbencher chairing the House Committee for Public Housing Reform and spokesperson for Housing. On 16 August 1971 the Party Leader and Parliamentary leader Gerard Veringa took a medical leave of absence and Andriessen was selected as his interim successor on 16 August 1971. On 28 September 1971 Veringa unexpectedly announced that he was stepping down as Leader and Andriessen was anonymously selected as his permanent successor on 1 October 1971. For the election of 1972 Andriessen served as Lijsttrekker (top candidate) and following a successful cabinet formation with Labour Leader Joop den Uyl formed the Cabinet Den Uyl with Andriessen opting to remain as Parliamentary leader. After the election of 1977 Andriessen was appointed as Minister of Finance in the Cabinet Van Agt I taking office on 19 December 1977. After the election Van Agt returned as a Member of the House of Representatives and became the Parliamentary leader taking office on 8 June 1977 and subsequently resigned from the cabinet on 8 September 1977. Following a successful cabinet formation with Liberal Leader Hans Wiegel Van Agt formed the Cabinet Van Agt I and became Prime Minister of the Netherlands taking office 19 December 1977. On 22 February 1980 Andriessen resigned after disagreeing over new austerity policies. Andriessen continued to be active in politics and was elected as a Member of the Senate after the Senate election of 1980 on 16 September 1980 and served again as a frontbencher and spokesperson for Finances.

Paragraph 11:  Anne, eldest daughter (b. Ipswich 4 September 1630 – d.1707), m. John Ball (d.1686) of St. Paul Covent Garden, Esquire. Anne writes in her will that she wishes her body "to be interred in the grave wherein my dear husband lyes buried in the church of S.t Dunstans in the East", where she was buried on 5 September 1707. Her husband was buried there on 19 April 1686, and he writes in his will that his body is "to bee interrd in the Church of S.t Dunstan in the East in the grave where my ffather and mother lye buried and this to bee performed in the evening". He gives his "deare and welbeloved" wife Anne the same three thousand three hundred pounds that she has to dispose of in her testament, his coach and horses and also the lease of his house in Kingstreete Covent Garden which he held from the Earl of Bedford. He was probably a son or grandson of Richard Ball, son of John Ball of Wellingborow in Northampton, and his wife Anne Burnell (d.1664), the sister of William Burnell of Great Stanmore, Middlesex, gentleman, leatherseller of London, Thomas Burnell, whose wife was called Hester (d.1664), and Katherine Morley, the mother of John Morley of Charlestown and Anne Morley who married Thomas Gate. Richard and Anne had the children Richard and John Ball, Anne, married to James Young of London, merchant, Mary, wife of John Cooke, Barbara, wife of Thomas Reeve, Jane, wife of William Pindar, Margaret Allott, Elizabeth, wife of James Gough, a daughter married to William Robinson, the grandson Richard Cooke and the grandson Thomas Ball, probably son of daughter-in-law Susan. This Anne Ball also writes some fifty years prior on 13 March 1653 that she wishes to be buried in the parish church of St. Dunstans in the East, in London, near to the body of my late husband. The Ball family had a family grave in St. Dunstan-in-the-East where Richard Ball (d.1617), his wife (d.1654) and many of his children and grandchildren were buried. Anne Wren with her husband had the children John Ball and Anne Ball (d.1735). John Ball (d. 5 January 1732), of Hampton Court, Auditor to Prince George of Denmark, 2dW, married 1) his cousin Frances Watts (d.1704), the daughter of Edward Watts and Mary Wren, on 12 July 1700 at St. Mary Magdalen, Old Fish Street, City of London; 2) his cousin Alice Wright (1672 –  17 November 1724), the daughter of Sir Robert Wright and Susan Wren, on 8 April 1706 at St. Stephen Walbrok, City of London. He had four sons, John (b.1701), Edward (1702–1702), George (b.1703) and Francis (b.1704), by his first wife Frances. His will also mentions his grandchildren George and Anna Maria Ball.

Paragraph 12: WWE has hosted several professional wrestling events at the Sun Dome; it hosted Saturday Night's Main Event for the first time in 1985, and hosted the pay-per-view Royal Rumble in 1995 (which notably saw Shawn Michaels become the first person entering at number 1 to win the titular Royal Rumble match by outlasting all 29 of the other participants). On March 24, 2021, WWE announced that it would move its ThunderDome residency—a bio-secure bubble used to film the company's weekly programs Raw, SmackDown, and Main Event, as well as those shows' associated pay-per-views, due to the COVID-19 pandemic—to Yuengling Center beginning with the April 12 episode of Raw, following WrestleMania 37 (which was held at Tampa's Raymond James Stadium). The ThunderDome was relocated from Tropicana Field due to the start of the Tampa Bay Rays' 2021 season; as before, programs produced at the arena were held behind closed doors with no in-person audience. During their residency at the Yuengling Center, WWE held two pay-per-view events, WrestleMania Backlash and Hell in a Cell. WWE resumed live touring on July 16, thus ending the ThunderDome productions. The company finished tapings at the Yuengling Center on July 9; the final show to air featuring the ThunderDome at the Yuengling Center was the July 15 episode of Main Event.

Paragraph 13: Brien was drafted in the 3rd round (85th overall) in the 1994 NFL draft.  He was the only kicker to be taken during the draft and moved across the bay to join the San Francisco 49ers.  Brien struggled during his rookie year, converting 15 of 20 field goals (20th of 28 qualified kickers) and 60 of 62 PATs (19th of 24 qualified kickers) for the 49ers.  The 49ers, led by Steve Young, went on to win Super Bowl XXIX over the San Diego Chargers by a score of 49–26, a game in which Brien missed his only field goal attempt, a 47-yard try before halftime.  Brien nonetheless set the record for most PATs during a single postseason with 17 (on 18 attempts) en route to earning a Super Bowl ring that season.  Brien also had a fumble recovery during the NFC Championship game.

Paragraph 14: England had reached the final by playing an attritional, forward-dominated game, but appeared to respond to heavy public criticism from David Campese and rejected this style of play in the final. Jason Leonard later said in his autobiography that the decision to change the tactics was made by Roger Uttley, Geoff Cooke, Will Carling and Rob Andrew. Leonard also said that most of the forwards were unhappy with the decision and they said to the coaches and Carling that they needed to go back to the huge, forward-dominated game that had helped them win four matches since their opening round loss to New Zealand. They chose to play a more expansive and open game, but failed to master it in the short time they had to practice it. The change in play was an attempt to unsettle the Australians, however, this proved flawed. There were also arguments over the composition of England's back row and back line, following selectoral decisions taken at the semi-final stage which resulted in two men playing out of position. Simon Halliday, nominally a centre, playing on the wing instead of the somewhat fragile Nigel Heslop (who had taken a serious pounding in the quarter-final against France) and the injury-prone Chris Oti, was a selection of necessity which worked well enough to be retained as England's first choice selection for a year afterwards: but the dropping of the No. 8 specialist Dean Richards in order to accommodate both of the two in-form blind-side flankers Mike Teague (who played out of position at #8) and Mick Skinner, who had previously been competing for one position at #6, raised considerable critical comment. Even though Richards had been exposed as badly short of form and fitness during England's summer tour of Australia, and was viewed by the English press as the most culpable in their defeats, he was the specialist in the position, an integral part of England's 1991 Grand Slam, and was back to his best by the autumn: however, Teague had also been Player of the Series for the British Lions on their successful tour of Australia in 1989, albeit playing at #6 with Richards at #8: and Skinner was the man in the best current form of all of them, arguably ahead of Teague for the blind-side flanker position. So the choice of three men in two positions was never going to be an easy one, and the selectors went with the man who had shown the best previous form against the opponents they were facing.

Paragraph 15: Goldring volunteered for the British Army in 1914, at the outbreak of World War I, but was discharged for medical reasons. Subsequently, he took a more critical attitude towards the war, from a socialist position. He joined the 1917 Club, the mixed gender Bohemian radical equivalent of a "gentlemen's club", at 4 Gerrard Street, Soho; the name celebrated the Bolshevik revolution in Russia. He moved to Dublin, Ireland, and married there his first wife, Betty Duncan; they had two children (the elder, Hugh, was killed as a soldier in World War II). While in Dublin, Goldring witnessed the funeral of the Irish Republican activist Thomas Ashe, which he later wrote about in his book A Stranger in Ireland. Goldring was a member of the National Council for Civil Liberties.

Paragraph 16: Maj. John J. Duffy distinguished himself by acts of gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty, while assigned to the 5th Special Forces Group and serving as a senior advisor to the 11th Airborne Battalion, 2nd Brigade, Airborne Division, Army of the Republic of Vietnam in the Republic of Vietnam, on April 14–15, 1972. Two days earlier, the commander of the 11th Airborne Battalion was killed, the battalion command post was destroyed, and Duffy was twice wounded but refused to be evacuated. Then on April 14, Duffy directed the defense of Fire Support Base Charlie, which was surrounded by a battalion-sized enemy element. In the morning hours, after a failed effort to establish a landing zone for resupply aircraft, he moved close to enemy anti-aircraft positions to call in airstrikes. At this time, Duffy was again wounded by fragments from a recoilless rifle round and again refused evacuation. Shortly after, the enemy began an artillery bombardment on the base and he remained in an exposed position to direct gunships onto the enemy positions, which eventually silenced the enemy fire. Following the bombardment, Duffy assessed the conditions on the base and personally ensured that wounded friendly foreign forces were moved to positions of relative safety and the remaining ammunition was appropriately distributed to the remaining defenders. The enemy resumed indirect fire on the base, expending an estimated 300 rounds. Nevertheless, Duffy remained in an exposed position to direct gunship fire on the enemy positions. In the late afternoon hours, the enemy began a ground assault from all sides of the firebase, and Duffy moved from position to position to adjust fire, spot targets for artillery observers and, ultimately, to direct gunship fire on a friendly position which had been compromised. During the early morning hours of April 15, the enemy ambushed the battalion, inflicting additional casualties and scattering some of the able-bodied service members. After withstanding the ambush, Duffy led the evacuees - many of whom were significantly wounded - to an established evacuation area, despite being continually pursued by the enemy. Upon reaching the exfiltration site, Duffy directed gunship fire on enemy positions and marked a landing zone for the helicopters. Only after ensuring all of the evacuees were aboard, did Duffy board while also assisting a wounded friendly foreign service member. Once on board, he administered aid to a helicopter door gunner who had been wounded during the evacuation. Duffy's extraordinary heroism and selflessness beyond the call of duty were in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit and the United States Army.

Paragraph 17: In 2005 Moldovan parliamentary elections nine special polling stations were organised near the Dniester for "guest voters" coming from Transnistria who wished to vote in the Moldovan elections. Around 8000 citizens voted there, who were included in supplementary voter rolls. In those special polling stations results were: 30% for Communist Party of Moldova (compared with 46% in entire Moldova), 50% for Democratic Moldova Bloc (28.5% in entire Moldova), 8% for Christian-Democratic Party (9.1% in entire Moldova) and 6% for each Social Democratic Party and Patria-Rodina Bloc. Due to large turnout of Transnistrian voters queues were formed and some voters didn't manage to vote. As claimed by the Coalition for Free and Democratic Elections, many Transnistrian voters were not informed properly about the place of the voting and some owners of Soviet passports which don't bear the mention "citizen of Moldova" were not allowed to vote.

Paragraph 18: The Chola forces were in battle with the Chalukyan army at Koppam (Koppal) located on the Tungabhadra River in 1053–54 AD. Rajadhiraja I was personally leading the Chola army from atop a war elephant to help rally the retreating Cholas. Prince Rajendra, the younger brother of Rajadhiraja, was holding himself in reserve. The Chalukyan army then concentrated on the elephant on which the Chola king was riding and wounded him mortally. Seeing the emperor falling dead, the Chola army retreated in disarray. At that stage Rajendra entered the fray. Once again the Chalukya army concentrated on the leader. Rajendra-II was as valorous as his brave father and was a born leader of men.  He immediately sensed that with the death of their King Rajadhiraja-I, the Chola army was in a disarray, he announced his taking over as the next Chola monarch and ordered the capable Chola army to continue fighting without letting up.  His unparalleled response and restoration of order by deciding to lead from the front on the battlefield simply re-galvanized his army which had among its ranks, several generals serving the Chola army from the times of Raja Raja I and Rajendra Chola I. He had many nephews and . Needless to add, the Chalukya army was simply unprepared for this kind of a reaction from any army which had lost its original leader and were simply no match.  From inscriptions of Rajendra-II, we know that his elder brother Rajadhiraja-I was killed in the battle at Koppam in which Rajendra-II had participated along with his other brothers. Even Rajendra-II had been injured initially and had withdrawn from the battle, but he came back and turned the tables on the Ahavamalla (Someshvara-I) who called himself 'Trailokyamalla' – lord of three worlds).  From an inscriptions of his from Manimangalam we understand that at the end of the battle, the Chalukyas were defeated and a number of officers of their army lay dead on the field. In this battle multiple opponents viz. Jaysinghan, the younger brother of the Salukki, Pulikesi, Dasapanman etc., were killed by Rajendra.

Paragraph 19: In Act 1, Macbeth and Banquo meet the Three Witches who foretell that Macbeth will be king and that Banquo "shalt get kings, though thou be none". Fleance also briefly appears in the first scene of Act 2, when his father tells him of "cursed thoughts that nature / Gives way to in repose!". Macbeth, aware of the threat Banquo and his son pose to his new throne, plans to have them murdered. Before Banquo goes travelling, Macbeth asks "Goes Fleance with you?" Macbeth sends three men to follow and kill them both, saying "Fleance['s] absence is no less material to me / Than is his father's." Macbeth holds a banquet that night and reveals to his wife his fears of what might happen unless Fleance and Banquo are both killed.

Paragraph 20: Montenegro's first mural was done while he was living in Mallorca, for the Casino de la Palma. He was an early participant in the budding Mexican muralism movement, recruited by Secretary of Education José Vasconcelos and returning to Mexico in 1921. His most important mural work is in the former monastery and school of San Pedro y San Pablo, the church portion of which is now the Museo de la Luz. The first mural was done in 1922 called the Arbol de la Vida (Tree of Life) which alludes to the origin and destiny of man. The next was the Fiesta de la Santa Cruz (Festival of the Holy Cross) which depicts a traditional festival related to construction workers on May 3 done between 1923 and 1924. This is considered to be the most important of the murals in this building. Resurrección (Resurrection) was painted between 1931 and 1933. It is a geometric composition with some Cubist influence. In the stairwell of San Pedro y San Pablo, Montenegro painted El Zodíaco (The Zodiac), which was left unfinished in 1923. He came back to it in 1931, finishing it in 1933. In addition to the murals, Montenegro created two stained glass windows influenced by Mexican folk culture called the Jarabe Tapatío (Guadalajara dance) and  the La Vendedora de Pericos (The parakeet seller). The work on the building ran into political problems resulting in changed to the original plans. First, Vasconcelos insisted that Montenegro change a depiction of Saint Sebastian, who was partially nude, androgynous and pointing a bow and arrow at the other central figure, a woman, stating it did not represent revolutionary values. In Fiesta de la Cruz, a figure of Vasconcelos was originally included, surrounded by women and holding the flag of the Universidad Nacional de México. When Vasconcelos fell out of favor, this image was painted over and replaced by that of a woman.

Paragraph 21: Due to his performances with Brescia, Pirlo was spotted by Inter Milan coach Lucescu, who signed the playmaker. Pirlo was unable to break into the first squad permanently, however, and Inter finished eighth in the 1998–99 Serie A campaign. Inter loaned Pirlo to Reggina for the 1999–2000 season, alongside young Inter teammates Roberto Baronio and Mohamed Kallon. After an impressive season, he returned to Inter but was once again unable to break into the first team, making just four league appearances. He spent the second half of the 2000–01 season on loan at his former club, Brescia, where he played alongside his childhood idol, offensive playmaker Roberto Baggio. As Baggio occupied the attacking midfield role for Brescia, manager Carlo Mazzone made a ground-breaking decision, becoming the first coach to deploy Pirlo as a deep-lying playmaker, rather than as an offensive midfielder, a deeper creative role in which he particularly excelled, due to his long passing ability. Despite initially struggling against relegation that season, Brescia would eventually manage a comfortable seventh-place finish in Serie A, also reaching the Coppa Italia quarter-finals, qualifying for the 2001 Intertoto Cup. A notable moment in Pirlo's Brescia career was his long pass which assisted Baggio's late equaliser against Juventus at the Stadio delle Alpi, on 1 April 2001.

Paragraph 22: After Volition had started to develop Red Faction out of what had been Descent 4, many people on the team felt like the game was a "ground-pounder", a game they would work hard on just to get an unpleasant result. The game shifted from a space combat game to a first-person shooter with a heavy focus on environmental destruction. Much like Summoner, Red Faction was first developed for personal computers before moving to consoles. When Kulas attempted to write a part of the game's code, he found himself writing code for personal computers, having to rewrite everything should it work on consoles. The game was delayed for two months shortly before release to allow the team to polish the game before it shipped. The game went gold shortly thereafter, and received positive reviews, much to the surprise of the development team. Following Red Faction, Volition developed Summoner 2, aiming at fixing all flaws made in the first game. While it was received better than the first game, it also sold fewer copies. After that came Red Faction II, which was ultimately not reviewed as good as the first game, again to the team's surprise. Internally, Red Faction II was considered a failure, and the series was halted. Ports of the game, released in 2003, were developed by fellow THQ studios Outrage (for Windows and Xbox) and Cranky Pants Games (for GameCube). A third Red Faction game was already in development, but was consequently canceled. A third Summoner game was also canceled. Following these cancellations, their teams started development on a heist-style game called Underground. The team worked on the game for about twelve months, but when Grand Theft Auto III was released, the marketing department at THQ pushed the expectations for the game so high that they could not be met, wherefore Underground, too, was canceled.

Paragraph 23: Today the ruins are accessed via the modern town of Tecpán Guatemala, which replaced Iximche when it was destroyed. The modern entrance to the site is on the northern side of the ruins and includes visitor parking, a small museum, a picnic area and a football field, as well as the custodian's house. In an area of woodland to the south of the central portion of the ruins is a modern ceremonial area used by the modern Kaqchikel to carry out their rituals. This ceremonial area is linked to the ruins by a footpath and includes six concrete altars arranged around an unexcavated building. Flowers, food and drink are placed on these altars as sacrifices. The museum displays a number of pieces from the site, including sculptures and ceramics.Plazas A and B are thought to have comprised a single complex belonging to the Sotzʼil clan and included the palace of the Ahpo Sotzʼil. Plaza A possesses a ballcourt, two temples and ten palace structures, five of which are interconnecting.Plaza C was separated from Plazas A and B by a  wall and was the palace complex of the Ahpo Xahil, the junior co-ruler. Plaza C also had two temples facing each other across the plaza. The Xahil ballcourt was on the southwest side of Plaza C and the palace proper of the Ahpo Xahil was on the southeast side of the plaza. The Xahil Palace was built with an east-west alignment with the entry courtyard on the western side of the palace and had a central altar. The main palace was entered from the eastern side of the entry courtyard. The rooms and courtyards of the Xahil Palace contained a great deal of domestic artefacts. The Xahil Palace was destroyed by a major fire that resulted in the collapse of the adobe walls and it may be that this was the complex where Pedro de Alvarado was lodged with his Spanish soldiers. It would also be the same building that Spanish deserters burned in 1526. The collapse of the building preserved the domestic contents of the palace for archaeologists, unlike the palace of the Ahpo Sotzʼil where comparatively few artefacts were recovered.Plaza D has not been excavated although it was cleared and mapped by archaeologists. It is a large plaza surrounded by fairly high mounds although it does not appear to have had the large east and west pyramids present on the other main plazas. It had a palace on the south side with three interior courtyards, the westernmost of which had a cross-shaped altar. The palace was smaller than those of the Ahpo Sotzʼil and the Ahpo Xahil and is believed to have been the palace of the Ahuchan.Plazas E and F are to the east of Plaza D and also included palace buildings. These plazas were not mapped by Guillemín and remain covered by trees. The two plazas formed a single complex, believed to have been that of the Kʼalel Achi.

Paragraph 24: The ocular allergic response is a cascade of events that is coordinated by mast cells. Beta chemokines such as eotaxin and MIP-1 alpha have been implicated in the priming and activation of mast cells in the ocular surface. When a particular allergen is present, sensitization takes place and prepares the system to launch an antigen specific response. TH2 differentiated T cells release cytokines, which promote the production of antigen specific immunoglobulin E (IgE). IgE then binds to IgE receptors on the surface of mast cells. Then, mast cells release histamine, which then leads to the release of cytokines, prostaglandins, and platelet-activating factor. Mast cell intermediaries cause an allergic inflammation and symptoms through the activation of inflammatory cells.

Paragraph 25: The demonstrations have been characterized as an authentic expression of the desperation of the less affluent Bulgarians, to a large extent motivated by feelings of absolute and relative deprivation and as being dominated by socially oriented demands, associated with the traditional left. While some analysts have labeled them a "revolt of the poor", others have regarded the people from the middle class social stratum (specifically the now defunct citizen movement "Power" (Bulgarian: гражданско движение СИЛА), members of which had organized demonstrations in Sandanski and Blagoevgrad, as the driving force behind the early unrest. Politician Edvin Sugarev has criticized a number of media sources, especially Bivol, for publishing unproven information about Borisov's alleged links with the Ministry of the Interior's CSBOP (Bulgarian: ЦСБОП), where the Prime Minister is purported to have worked as an informer (his file was supposedly called the "Buda dossier"), which he sees as having played a pivotal role in the radicalization of the protest by turning the anger away from the monopolism of energy companies and against Borisov. He compared the situation to the atmosphere in January 1997 (but this time with BSP reaping dividends from it), an opinion shared by Evgeniy Daynov who also drew parallels with the 1990 protests in terms of the volatility of the situation. According to the French ambassador to Bulgaria, Philippe Autié, the protests stemmed from a lack of sufficient trust in the political class and Bulgarian elites as in general as well as the ability of "private and non-transparent stakeholders" to frequently hijack and negatively affect the post-1989 transition processes. Political scientist Vasil Garnizov similarly regards the protests as reflective of the widespread societal sentiment that there is something wrong when it comes to the political and economic structuring of society (as well as the links between the political and economic spheres) - this attitude is thought to have been pervasive since the early 1990s. The need for increased citizen control over political decision-making has also been identified as a key (but sometimes forgotten) demand of the protest movement. Parvan Simeonov sees the fall-out from the February protests as in indication that the second Bulgarian party system after 1989 (the charismatic one that followed the bipolar model of the 1990s), which began with Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha and continued with Borisov, has now come to an end. In the view of political anthropologist and journalist Dostena Lavern, the February demonstrations were an indication that "Bulgaria is fully on track to reach an equalization of its social and political realities with those of the other EU countries", with the protest motivations linked to EU-wide negative trends such as the threat posed by financial neoliberalism to the democratic fundamentals of countries (in both Eastern and Western Europe). Economist Georgi Angelov from the Sofia Open Society Institute, commenting on the situation one day prior to Borisov's resignation, explained that the country's stability on the global financial markets and bankruptcy indicators have not been seriously affected due to the protests.

Paragraph 26: There's a book that highly discuss renaissance costumes called,  "Settings and Costumes of the Modern Stage". This book doesn't just give information and photos about Costumes but also the stage and the setup to help with bringing characters to life. This information will be helpful because it gives costume designers their credit for their designs. The article discusses stage and costume connection, to help readers understand how costumes match the story/plot. This book has more pictures than words but it helps to create the understanding of a scene, story, and character. The book shows many photos and descriptions of plays like: Hamlet, Marriage, Resurrection, and so on. Authors, Simonson and Komisarjevsky also briefly mention the way New York Stage has made its changes in certain settings to a more glamorous fairy-tales (Simonson, Lee 1966). As mentioned above, there should be more appreciation for the work put into costumes. Even the simplest costumes that are in different genres affects a costume and tell a story. In science fiction it makes sense for directors and designers to dress up characters to create a fantasy and make it less compromising to relate. The film Tron Legacy where the colors of their costumes play big roles in the film and within the characters. These colors are specifically used to distinguish between the protagonist and antagonist. In Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, costumes indicate the enemy characters in this film that are called the seven villains. The costumes used in Robin Hood, was to connect to a certain time period of heroes of men that was formed in the medieval times. Costumes in films are used to enhance a reality of the narration not to define it. Simple outfits that are worn in film also tells some type of story or secret (Laverty, Lord Christopher 2011). Designers doesn't always enhance their characters by new fabric, costumes are rented from existing materials to fit characters in movies or plays. The use of colors and patterns in costumes are bold representations. Before a movie or play is produced, designers read scripts to identify the era in which the piece is taken place, this helps to get started on their first sketch. They create costume charts that label what characters are wearing in specific scenes. Their final sketch is presented after the first has been approved. The final sketch shows more vivid and unique features with the use of colors. All of this information sounds very similar to a fashion designer. Some people are unable to identify the difference between costume and fashion designers. Costume designing is made for characters in stories while fashion is for a person's style. Costume designs have limited time and assignments on creativity. There are more expenses used in costume designing and there is the need for research and knowledge of culture or history (UKEssay 2018).

Paragraph 27: In 1997 AAA founder Antonio Peña created the character Abismo Negro for wrestler Andrés Palomeque and over the first year he became a very successful Rudo (Heel or bad guy). When the working relationship with the WWF cooled off by late 1997 Peña decided to repackage the "Mini-WWF" wrestlers, turning Mini Goldust into Mini Abismo Negro, teaming him up with the normal sized Abismo Negro. Mini Abismo Negro made his first feature show appearance on March 1, 1998, where he teamed with Mini Electroshock and Mini Psicosis, defeating the team of La Parkita, Mini Discovery and Octagoncito on the undercard of the 1998 Rey de Reyes event. On June 5, 1998, Mini Abismo Negro defeated Octagoncito to win the Mexican National Mini-Estrella Championship, his first ever professional wrestling title. Two days after his title win Mini Abismo Negro teamed up with Abismo Negro and Electroshock, losing to Octagoncito, Octagón and Pentagón on the undercard of Triplemanía VI. Over the following year Mini Abismo Negro made several successful title defenses, primarily against Octagoncito and La Parkita. During this time he also became a member of Lucha Libre Latina (LLL) a group that was co-led by Abismo Negro. On May 5, 1999, Octagoncito regained the Mexican National Mini-Estrella title. After several unsuccessful attempts at regaining the Mini-Estrella title LLL decided to create their own version, the LLL Mini-Estrellas Championship, and appointed Mini Abismo Negro the inaugural champion. On July 7, 2000, Octagoncito defeated Mini Abismo Negro on the undercard of Triplemanía VIII, in a match where neither title was on the line. In early 2001 Mini Abismo Negro lost the LLL Minis title to Mascarita Sagrada 2000, who followed up the title victory by throwing the belt away, declaring that the LLL title was no longer active. In late 2002 Mini Abismo Negro and Abismo Negro teamed up to win the first-ever AAA Mascot Tag Team Championship, a tag team title where a regular-sized wrestler and his "mini-version" teamed up. The team only held the Mascot tag team title briefly as they lost the title to Máscara Sagrada and Mascarita Sagrada 2000 on December 13, 2002, on a show in Chilpancingo, Guerrero. On February 1, 2004, Mini Abismo Negro became a two time Mexican National Mini-Estrellas Champion as he defeated Mascarita Sagrada 2000 for the title. He would hold the title for nine months before losing the title back to Mascarita Sagrada 2000 on November 5, 2004. On September 3, 2007, Mini Abismo Negro travelled to Japan along with a number of AAA wrestlers, working a AAA/NOAH show called TripleSEM where he teamed with Mini Histeria, losing to Octagoncito and Mascarita Divina. In January, 2008 Mini Abismo Negro travelled to Puerto Rico, wrestling two matches for the Puerto Rican World Wrestling Council (WWC), defeating Octagoncito and Rikochett one night and losing to Ocagoncito the following night.

Paragraph 28: With Taylor, she submitted some comedy sketch scripts to the BBC, where they were seen by Michael Mills, the head of comedy at the time. He encouraged them to write a half-hour script, which was broadcast as a pilot episode of The Liver Birds in April 1969. A short first series followed to little acclaim, leading Mills to decline to produce a second series, changing his mind only when Lane and Taylor wrote a series of new scripts. The series became one of the most popular of the time, characterised by Lane's "ability to conjure laughs out of pathos and life's little tragedies". Upon Mills' departure from the position of head of comedy at the BBC in 1972, Lane took sole responsibility for writing the scripts beginning in 1973.

Paragraph 29: Historically, KPRC-TV was the original Houston affiliate for the nighttime syndicated editions of Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy!, both of which had their roots as NBC daytime game shows, from their respective 1983 and 1984 debuts until the game shows moved to rival KHOU in 1986. (The latter was picked up by KTRK in 2015.)  From 1986 to 1993, KPRC-TV filled Wheels 6:30 p.m. slot with various syndicated revivals of Hollywood Squares, Family Feud and You Bet Your Life before settling on Entertainment Tonight in 1993. The station also gained a reputation from the 1980s well into the early 2000s for airing various syndicated tabloid talk shows that often fit the pejorative definition of "Trash TV". Indeed, KPRC-TV was the original Houston affiliate for Geraldo, which the station carried from its 1987 debut until complaints from viewers and even station management over its content led KPRC-TV to drop the show in 1990 (Geraldo moved to KTXH, then later to KTRK). After Post-Newsweek acquired the station, KPRC-TV nonetheless began broadcasting more syndicated talk shows in the afternoon including ones hosted by Montel Williams, Maury Povich, Jenny Jones, Ricki Lake and Jerry Springer, as well as infotainment news programs such as A Current Affair, Hard Copy, Extra, Access Hollywood and Inside Edition. Many of these shows eventually moved to other stations due to ratings declines and the overexposure of their genres, as well as the gradual expansion of NBC's Today (which KPRC-TV has historically aired in its entirety) from two to three hours in 1999, and eventually four hours by 2007.

Paragraph 30: Before Hope and Liam's official legal wedding in the United States, Steffy spends a night on the town with Liam. Hope finds out and leaves Liam. Steffy and Liam are reunited, and she soon finds she is pregnant in early 2013. However, she keeps it to herself when she sees Hope and Liam kissing. Liam finds out about the pregnancy and recommits himself to Steffy, but shortly after their wedding she who loses the baby in a motorbike accident. Steffy then learns that her accident has left her infertile. Devastated, Steffy decides to divorce Liam and relocate to Paris. She returns to Los Angeles several months later for a brief visit, informing Liam that her infertility issues have been corrected, hoping that it could mean a second chance for them. Despite this, Liam insists that he is obligated to Hope, and Steffy leaves town again. After another short visit to Los Angeles in February 2015, Steffy returns months later to help Ridge take over Forrester Creations by overthrowing Rick. She becomes president of the company and rekindles her romance with Liam, ending his relationship with her cousin, Ivy Forrester (Ashleigh Brewer). Steffy's cousin, Aly (Ashlyn Pearce), resents Steffy, attributed to the fact that Taylor had accidentally killed her mother, Darla (Schae Harrison), years ago in car accident. An unstable Aly attempts to kill Steffy on PCH, resulting in Aly trying to kill Steffy with a tire iron. Ivy recorded a video of the accident on her phone, not seeing the rock Aly slipped and fell on. Ivy gets involved with Wyatt Spencer (Darin Brooks) and Ivy blackmails Steffy with the video, calling the accident a murder. Ivy decides to delete the video after Steffy tries to convince Wyatt to delete it. Thomas tells Steffy that he made out with Ivy while Wyatt was on a business trip. Steffy confronts Ivy and convinces her to tell Wyatt but tells Wyatt before Ivy has a chance. Wyatt breaks up with her and Ivy is angry at Steffy and confronts her in front of a broken electrical panel, resulting in an altercation in which Ivy gets electrocuted. Ivy survives and files a restraining order against Steffy while Wyatt resumes his relationship with Ivy. Ivy realized she never got over Liam and convinces Liam to give them another chance if she drops the restraining order. Quinn overhears Ivy telling Liam she loves him and exposes this in front of Steffy and Liam while Wyatt is proposing to Ivy. Wyatt breaks up with Ivy and she packs her bags for Australia. On top of the staircase, Steffy confronts Ivy and she tumbles down. Liam is angry at Steffy and breaks up with her. Liam hits his head on the plane with Ivy, while Wyatt comforts Steffy. Liam disappears (he was really kidnapped by Quinn after having passed out due to concussion symptoms he acquired by hitting his head while on a plane and passing out in the parking lot of Forrester Creations and losing his memory as a result) and Wyatt tells her that Liam must have once again let her down. He shows her how to have fun by surfing on the beach and even buys her a motorcycle, which she hasn't driven since her miscarriage. The two fall in love and eventually get married on the beach. Steffy's marriage to Wyatt eventually breaks down due to their differing opinions about Quinn and they separate while Steffy contemplates divorcing Wyatt. She eventually rekindles her love and relationship with Liam, Liam proposes to Steffy and she accepts, and after Steffy's divorce from Wyatt was finalized, Steffy & Liam got married in Sydney; Australia.