Paragraph 1: Gearin was spotted by Canterbury-Bankstown CEO Peter Moore when he was playing for Christian Brothers Lewisham in the Commonwealth Bank Cup Schoolboys rugby league competition in 1974. He joined Canterbury-Bankstown in 1975. He made his first grade début for the Berries during the 1976 NSWRFL season in Canterbury's 23-20 win against the Newtown Jets at Belmore Sports Ground.  At the end of his first year of first grade his stat ended up playing 6 games, scoring 2 tries for 6 points. In 1977 he scored 5 tries in a Pre-Season trial match against the Queanbeyan Blues. His 1977 season was interrupted by injury. He became a regular first grader in 1978. Steve played in Canterbury's Heartbreaking 22-15 loss in the 1978 NSWRFL season's Qualifying Final against the Parramatta Eels. In 1979 he broke George Taylforth's 1967 goal kicking record of 204 points in the process. He played in Canterbury's 17 - 13 1979 NSWRFL season's Grand Final loss to the St. George Dragons where he scored 1 try and booted 2 goals. He scored 7 points on Grand Final day. In 1980 he was the New South Wales Rugby League's top point scorer.  He played in Canterbury's 18 - 4 1980 Grand Final victory over the Eastern Suburbs Roosters where he scored one of the greatest ever 1st grade Australian rugby league Grand Final tries in history in which he chased, caught and grounded a classic try off a Greg Brentnall bomb. He also booted 6 goals from 6 attempts. He scored 15 points on Grand Final day a Club Record. His 1980 stat ended up  playing 24 games, scoring 14 tries, booting 89 goals for 220 points. His 1981 and 1982 seasons were again interrupted by injury. In the 1981 season Gearin scored a Hat Trick 3 Tries against the Balmain Tigers at Leichhardt Oval.

Paragraph 2: Justice William Rehnquist offered a dissenting view of the decision. That dissent is summarized below:Unlike the Court, I am not persuaded that the petitioner's complaint states a claim under the First Amendment, or that if the opinion of the Court of Appeals is vacated the trial court must necessarily conduct a trial upon the complaint.Petitioner alleges that voluntary services are made available at prison facilities so that Protestants, Catholics, and Jews may attend church services of their choice. None of our prior holdings [405 U.S. 319, 324] indicates that such a program on the part of prison officials amounts to the establishment of a religion.Petitioner is a prisoner serving 15 years for robbery in a Texas penitentiary. He is understandably not as free to practice his religion as if he were outside the prison walls. But there is no intimation in his pleadings that he is being punished for his religious views, as was the case in Cooper v. Pate, 378 U.S. 546 (1964)None of our holdings under the First Amendment requires that, in addition to being allowed freedom of religious belief, prisoners be allowed freely to evangelize their views among other prisoners.Presumably prison officials are not obligated to provide facilities for any particular denominational services within a prison, although once they undertake to provide them for some they must make only such reasonable distinctions as may survive analysis under the Equal Protection Clause. [405 U.S. 319, 325]A long line of decisions by this Court has recognized that the "equal protection of the laws" guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment is not to be applied in a precisely equivalent way in the multitudinous fact situations 405 U.S. 319, 326   that may confront the courts. On the one hand, we have held that racial classifications are "invidious" and "suspect." I think it is quite consistent with the intent of the framers of the Fourteenth Amendment, many of whom would doubtless be surprised to know that convicts came within its ambit, to treat prisoner claims at the other end of the spectrum from claims of racial discrimination. Absent a complaint alleging facts showing that the difference in treatment between the petitioner and his fellow Buddhists and practitioners of denominations with more numerous adherents could not reasonably be justified under any rational hypothesis, I would leave the matter in the hands of the prison officials.It has been assumed that the dismissal by the trial court must be treated as proper only if the standard of Conley v. Gibson, 355 U.S. 41 (1957), would permit the grant of a motion under Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 12 (b). I would not require the district court to inflexibly apply this general principle to the complaint of every inmate, who is in many respects in a different litigating posture than persons who are unconfined. The inmate stands to [405 U.S. 319, 327] gain something and loses nothing from a complaint stating facts that he is ultimately unable to prove. Though he may be denied legal relief, he will nonetheless have obtained a short sabbatical in the nearest federal courthouse. To expand the availability of such courtroom appearances by requiring the district court to construe [405 U.S. 319, 328] every inmate's complaint under the liberal rule of Conley v. Gibson deprives those courts of the latitude necessary to process this ever-increasing species of complaint.In addition, the trial court had before it the dismissal of another of petitioner's cases filed shortly before the instant action, where the trial judge had been exposed to myriad previous actions and found them to be "voluminous, repetitious, duplicitous and in many instances deceitful." Whatever might be the posture of this constitutional claim if the petitioner had never flooded the courts with repetitive and duplicitous claims, and if it had not recently been adjudicated in an identical proceeding, I believe it could be dismissed as frivolous in the case before us.

Paragraph 3: According to a researcher quoted in The Guardian in November 2017, up to 90% of the 75 Dead Sea Scrolls fragments sold since 2002 could be fakes. Most of these fragments are directly or indirectly connected to William Kando, son of antiques dealer Khalil Eskander Shahin (better known as "Kando"), who bought the Scrolls from the bedouins who found them in 1945. William Kando opened his family's vault in Zürich in 2000, and ever since has been selling fragments he claims to be authentic remnants of the Scrolls to rich American evangelical Christians who are willing to spend huge amounts of money to find out more about the Bible's origins. After the Museum of the Bible (MOTB) opened in Washington, D.C. in November 2017, academics were skeptical about the authenticity of the 16 Dead Sea Scrolls fragments displayed there. Researchers at the Federal Institute for Materials Research and Testing in Germany took several months to test 5 of the MOTB's 16 artefacts, and concluded all five were forgeries that could not have been produced in antiquity. Embarrassed by the finding, the MOTB stated that 'Though we had hoped the testing would render different results, this is an opportunity to educate the public on the importance of verifying the authenticity of rare biblical artifacts, the elaborate testing process undertaken and our commitment to transparency.' Examination of the remaining fragments was still ongoing, with researcher Kipp Davis claiming that at least seven of the total were most likely forged. In March 2020, after lengthy investigations, MOTB confirmed that all the 16 fragments were forgeries.

Paragraph 4: Haroli initially built was Known as Rai Sahib Puran Mal Kuthiala Nagar. Rai Sahib was the biggest entrepreneur of Haroli and Shimla and had his business spread till present day Lahore as well. His Haveli (Residence) is at the hill top of Haroli, by going up the way from Rai Bahadur Jodhamal Marg. His Haveli was the oldest and the initial Haveli there because his father with his 2 elder brothers where the first to settle in Haroli. Rai Sahib Puran Mal Kuthiala had done a lot of social services for the people of Haroli by starting with the basic, which is by giving them good food and getting wells dug up so as to give them clean drinking water. He was born in the year 1836 and had created a massive empire till the early 20th century. He was the leading Banker as well as the biggest landlord in Haroli and Shimla.He was the Modi (financer) to the princely states like Keonthal, Bhagat, Jubal, Malerkotla, Koti Riyasat, Maharaja Jammu, Maharaja Patiala, Mandi Riyasat etc. He was always accompanied by his son named Raizada Lala Kadoomal Kuthiala who from the very beginning helped his father like an obedient son and expanded the business even further and made the business firms feet more strong. He was the owner of many Haveli's and other properties in Haroli as well as lands in nearby villages where they used to grow food like pulses, vegetables, fruits, spices on a large scale and hence forth distribute it to the poor and sell it to the Rich. He had created Haroli Waterworks Trust, for which he donated his land and large sum of money, so that water from pipeline could be sent to everyones' houses in Haroli,which in the 1920s no one in a village could have thought off. He even donated land, on the request of DC of Shimla for creating the old bus stand at Shimla. Rai Sahib Puran Mal Kuthiala died in the year 1932 in Shimla, where an official holiday was declared by the DC of Shimla on the demise of a great personality. He lived a life full of wealth and prosperity to serve the people and society by being selfless.He donated many lands owned by him in Kangra and Una to his sareeks( relatives) so that they could also prosper and used to donate a lot of lands to people in need. People remember him as a great philanthropist of his time.

Paragraph 5: Dry eye is the most common eye disease, affecting 5 - 6% of the population.  Prevalence rises to 6 - 9.8% in postmenopausal women, and as high as 34% in the elderly.  Tears lubricate the lid and are important for the refraction of light.  Tears also promote epithelial health.  Only a small fraction of the estimated 1543 proteins in tears are differentially deficient or upregulated in dry eye. Lacritin monomer is differentially downregulated in mild to severe aqueous deficient dry eye, and in contact lens-related dry eye. In a larger trial, 95% of tears from patients with aqueous deficient dry eye were lacritin monomer deficient. Two studies that did not differentiate monomer from multimer did note any change of lacritin in dry eye.  Topical treatment of eyes of dry eye mice (Aire knockout mouse model of dry eye) restored tearing, and suppressed both corneal staining and the size of inflammatory foci in lacrimal glands. Lacritin monomer deficiency in tears of patients with  blepharitis was also reported.  Blepharitis is an inflammation of the eyelid often associated with dry eye. In climatic droplet keratopathy, N119 appears to be un-glycosylated. Also a normal breast cancer localization reported by some has not been replicated in Unigene (the 'mammary gland' hit is for breast cancer) and gene array studies, but some breast cancers appear to display elevated expression or LACRT gene amplification. iTRAQ analysis of tears from diabetics at different stages of disease detected relatively more lacritin, lysozyme, lipophilin A, lipocalin 1, immunoglobulin lambda chain and lactotransferrin in tears of patients with diabetic retinopathy.  The analysis did not distinguish lacritin monomer from polymer, and proposed the application of all as biomarkers. Tear lacritin monomer is barely detectable in the initial stage of infection by Fusarium solani in fungal keratitis.  Also down regulated are tear lipocalin-1 and cystatin S.  Fungal keratitis accounts for half of all corneal ulcers in Africa and India - the primary source of blindness in these countries. Phase II clinical trial of 'Lacripep™ in Subjects With Dry Eye Associated With Primary Sjögren's Syndrome' (NCT03226444) is complete. Lacripep™ is lacritin synthetic peptide 'N-94/C-6'.

Paragraph 6: Abelisaurids, especially Majungasaurus, may instead have been adapted for a feeding strategy more similar to modern felids, with short and broad snouts, that bite once and hold on until the prey is subdued. Majungasaurus had an even broader snout than other abelisaurids, and other aspects of its anatomy may also support the bite-and-hold hypothesis. The neck was strengthened, with robust vertebrae, interlocking ribs and ossified tendons, as well as reinforced muscle attachment sites on the vertebrae and the back of the skull. These muscles would have been able to hold the head steady despite the struggles of its prey. Abelisaurid skulls were also strengthened in many areas by bone mineralized out of the skin, creating the characteristic rough texture of the bones. This is particularly true of Majungasaurus, where the nasal bones were fused and thickened for strength. On the other hand, the lower jaw of Majungasaurus sported a large fenestra (opening) on each side, as seen in other ceratosaurs, as well as synovial joints between certain bones that allowed a high degree of flexibility in the lower jaw, although not to the extent seen in snakes. This may have been an adaptation to prevent the fracture of the lower jaw when holding onto a struggling prey animal. The front teeth of the upper jaw were more robust than the rest, to provide an anchor point for the bite, while the low crown height of Majungasaurus teeth prevented them from breaking off during a struggle. Finally, unlike the teeth of Allosaurus and most other theropods, which were curved on both the front and back, abelisaurids like Majungasaurus had teeth curved on the front edge but straighter on the back (cutting) edge. This structure may have served to prevent slicing, and instead holding the teeth in place when biting. Examination of the teeth of Majungasaurus indicates that the theropod replaced its teeth anywhere from 2-13 times faster than other theropods, replacing the entire set within a span of two months. Gnawing on bone may have been a significant reason for such rapid tooth replacement.

Paragraph 7: The station was not designed as a terminus: the line continued a further  west of the station and doubled to form a run-around loop, finally ending at a buffer stop with a carriage siding on one side and a timber engine shed on the other. There were several attempts at extending the line beyond Fairford. The original scheme would have seen the line run from Cheltenham via Andoversford and the Coln Valley to Fairford and  where it would divide into two routes: an eastern branch to  and a southern line to join up with the Faringdon Railway. This was opposed by the Great Western Railway whose Cheltenham to Swindon line provided a shorter route to London and which was wary of proposals which might allow the London and North Western Railway to compete for its South Wales traffic. Agreement was reached with the Great Western for a modified route via  on the Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Railway but the Great Western withdrew its support following objections from shareholders who felt that the scheme was a risky and unnecessary proposition. Although the East Gloucestershire Railway obtained Parliamentary approval for its initial proposal via Andoversford, it could not finance it and decided to concentrate on the section between Fairford and Witney. The next attempt was made in 1890 when the Great Western offered to purchase the East Gloucestershire and Witney Railways, leading the directors of the East Gloucestershire to enquire with the Witney directors as to whether they would support an approach to the Midland and South Western Junction Railway for an extension to Cirencester. The Witney directors declined as they had received a good offer from the Great Western for their shares. In 1895, the Midland Railway, London and North Western Railway and Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway proposed a trunk route to South Wales via Fairford and Oxford. This was defeated by the Great Western by buying off the support of the Manchester company through certain concessions. Another proposal came in 1899 when a group of local businessmen and landowners put forward a scheme under the Light Railways Act 1896 for a line parallel to the A40 road which was backed by the Oxfordshire and Gloucestershire County Councils but did not secure the support of the government and was abandoned in 1903. Finally, during the Second World War, thought was given to connecting the Fairford branch with the Highworth Branch Line using a  spur between Lechlade and Hannington. The upturn in fortunes meant that the proposal was not taken further.

Paragraph 8: Moving or copying all (or nearly all) genes from one animal to form a second, genetically nearly identical, animal is usually done through one of three methods: the Roslin technique, the Honolulu technique, and Artificial Twinning.  The first two of these involve a process known as somatic cell nuclear transfer. In this process, an oocyte is taken from a surrogate mother and put through enucleation, a process that removes the nucleus from inside the oocyte. Somatic cells are then taken from the animal that is being cloned, transferred into the blank oocyte in order to provide genetic material, and fused with the oocyte using an electrical current. The oocyte is then activated and re-inserted into the surrogate mother. The end result is the formation of an animal that is almost genetically identical to the animal the somatic cells were taken from. While somatic cell nuclear transfer was previously believed to only work using genetic material from somatic cells that were unfrozen or were frozen with cryoprotectant (to avoid cell damage caused by freezing), successful dog cloning in various breeds has now been shown using somatic cells from unprotected specimens that had been frozen for up to four days. Another method of cloning includes embryo splitting, the process of taking the blastomeres from a very early animal embryo and separating them before they become differentiated in order to create two or more separate organisms. When using embryo splitting, cloning must occur before the birth of the animal, and clones grow up at the same time (in a similar fashion to monozygotic twins).

Paragraph 9: SH 103 was originally designated on February 17, 1925 from Centerville east through Crockett to Lufkin, and SH 103 was conditional on location and construction. On March 28, 1927, another SH 103 was created as a renumbering of SH 104 from Ranger to Morton Valley (as it was unsure if the other SH 103 would be built). This SH 103 was eliminated by 1930. As a result, there was only one SH 103 from Centerville east through Crockett to Lufkin. On December 1, 1930, SH 103 was cancelled. SH 103 was restored on January 22, 1931. By 1933, the route had only been built between Crockett and Ratcliff, and was only an improved earth road. On July 15, 1935, only the already constructed section from Crockett to Ratcliff remained. The section from Ratcliff to Lufkin was restored on February 25, 1937. On September 26, 1939, the western section from Crockett to Ratcliff was reassigned to SH 7. On October 30, 1939, before signage was changed, SH 103 was extended east to Milam, replacing SH 293 (note that SH 103 was to be taken over by SH 293 on September 26, 1939). By 1940, sections around Lufkin were completed, but did not connect to earthen roads to the west. On January 22, 1940, the section of SH 103 from Ratcliff to the Neches River was cancelled. On March 26, 1942, SH 102 was extended west 3.5 miles from the Neches River. On September 14, 1944, SH 103 was extended west to Ratcliff. On June 14, 1961, SH 103 was truncated to rerouted SH 7, which was built along a new route and part of cancelled FM 327 (the rest of FM 327 became part of FM 1819). On June 21, 1990, one small section of SH 103 from Loop 287 to Business US 59 was transferred to Business US 69.

Paragraph 10: After clinching promotion just over a month prior, Spezia played its first home game of the 2020–21 Serie A season against Sassuolo on 27 September 2020, ending in a 4–1 home defeat, with Andrey Galabinov scoring their first-ever top-flight goal. Spezia won its first Serie A match on 30 September, against Udinese, ending in a 2–0 away win. Volpi, having owned the club for just under 13 years and supporting its rise through the Italian professional divisions, sold the club in February 2021 to an American ownership group headed by the family of Robert Platek, a partner of U.S. private investment firm MSD Capital. Despite having been widely expected to lose its relegation battle at the end of the first season in Serie A, Spezia impressively overcame much larger and wealthier clubs on several occasions throughout the season, including a home win against Milan, a 2–1 away victory over Napoli, followed by further success in the Liguria derby against Sampdoria, whilst also earning draws against Internazionale, Roma and Atalanta. Boosted by the flexible attacking-based tactics of coach Vincenzo Italiano, Spezia's on-field success was most notable in their improved second half of the season, which led to a 15th-place finish with 39 points (six more than Benevento in the final relegation position), with survival eventually being secured through a 4–1 win at home to Torino on 15 May 2021. Another notable feat during the season was the call-up of star midfielder Matteo Ricci to the Italy national team in March 2021, 85 years after club legend Luigi Scarabello played for Italy (the last Italian international to have played for Spezia simultaneously). Alongside Ricci, key players who impressed for the Ligurians upon their survival in the top-flight include striker M'Bala Nzola, scorer of 11 goals in 2020/21, loanee Tommaso Pobega, Emmanuel Gyasi, as well as academy products Giulio Maggiore and Simone Bastoni.

Paragraph 11: The re-orientated Letcombe Laboratory attracted several new principal investigators and, over the next 20 years, proved increasingly productive in terms of its scientific output and influence on farming practice. During that time, publications on root physiology and agronomy amounted to some 420 peer-reviewed articles, 100 book chapters, 13 authored or edited books and 150 shorter reports. In addition, there were numerous publications relating to the work on radionuclide contamination which continued on a diminished scale throughout. In May 1982, under Dr J.V. Lake (Director since 1978) the laboratory marked its silver jubilee with three consecutive open days under the banner of “Roots at Work”. However, despite this high watermark, cracks were already appearing in the financial and conceptual support for Letcombe and similar organisations. These were clearly discernible in the views of the highly influential (Lord) Victor Rothschild, who had been Chairman of the Agricultural Research Council from 1948 to 1958 and, as stated above, instrumental in bringing Letcombe Laboratory into being in the first place. Years earlier, Rothchild's discontent with how research priorities were identified and acted upon was outlined in a lecture marking the 1953 golden jubilee of Long Ashton Research Station another ARC-funded laboratory then specialising in fruit research. By 1971, these views were formalised and extended by Rothschild's influential but controversial report “The Organisation and Management of Government R&D”. At the time, Rothschild was Head of the Central Policy Review Staff, a part of Central Government's Cabinet Office.  By 1974, his recommendations had been acted-on. They created tensions at Letcombe and elsewhere between perceived needs for applied research to be paid for by MAAF (the “customer”) and more curiosity-driven work to be funded by ARC (the “contractor”). In a speech made at Letcombe in September 1973 Rothschild foreshadowed the Laboratory's eventual closure by stating “ We have to realise that we have neither the money nor the resources to do all those things we would like to do and so often feel we have the right to do” (Agricultural Research Council, 1974). Because of its wide implications for the public expenditure in the UK,  the speech made headline news in the national press. In the year following Letcombe's Silver Jubilee (1982), AFRC published a Corporate Plan which announced that the Letcombe Laboratory would be closed to help accommodate a £2.4 million cut in the council's budget (the “Barnes Cuts”) and to comply with new central government policy of leaving near-market science to the private sector. Some scientists were relocated to either University of Bristol's Long Ashton Research Station (closed in 2003) or to Rothamsted Experimental Station (now Rothamsted Research Ltd) with some existing long-term field experiments located elsewhere in the country being retained and allowed to run their course. By 1985, the Letcombe site had been sold to Dow Elanco a subsidiary of the Dow Chemical Company. The name Letcombe Laboratory was retained and the site redeveloped as the company's European centre for fungicide research. After 17 years this too was closed, thus bringing to an end 45 years of research at the site. It was sold for re-development as a retirement village, leaving the Letcombe Valley, a 7.5 ha stretch of Letcombe Brook, as a nature reserve in the care of the Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust under a 50-year lease

Paragraph 12: When the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) disallowed same market co-ownership of newspapers and broadcast licenses in the early 1970s, the combination of the Buffalo Evening News and WBEN-AM-FM-TV was grandfathered under the new rule. However, the 1974 death of Katherine Butler (longtime owner and publisher of the Evening News) led to the placement of the Evening News properties in a blind trust (since Butler left no heirs). This trust company then sold the newspaper to its current owner, Berkshire Hathaway in 1977. This sale brought an end to 101 years of Butler family ownership of the Evening News. With the loss of the WBEN stations' grandfathered protection, Berkshire Hathaway opted to keep the newspaper and sell off the broadcasting properties. WBEN-TV was sold to newspaper publisher Robert Howard of Oceanside, California for $25.5 million. The new owner, whose company was called Howard Publications, Inc., changed channel 4's callsign to WIVB-TV, which stands for "We're Channel IV (Roman numeral 4) Buffalo", on November 1, 1977, the day after he purchased the station. The call-letter change was triggered due to an FCC regulation at the time prohibiting TV and radio stations in the same city, but with different owners, from sharing the same call letters. The WBEN callsign remains on 930 AM, which along with its FM sister station had been sold to Larry Levite's Algonquin Broadcasting (both of those stations are currently owned by Audacy). Channel 4 was then sold to King World Productions (at that time a separate entity from both Viacom and CBS; the two would later split and remerge) for $100 million in 1988.

Paragraph 13: Sameera comes to India and lives with Raghavamma. Irfan and Sameera become best friends from enemies, and Sagar and Sameera are in a relationship. Rekha, childhood friend of Sagar, loves Sagar and Sagar's brother Rahul is a close ally of James. As Rekha is rich, Rahul and Sagar's mother want to marry Rekha to Sagar. Sagar, jealous of the growing friendship between Sammera and Irfan, badly beats her up and tries to rape her, and while escaping she falls down a flight of stairs and her leg is broken. Due to this, Sameera breaks off her marriage to Sagar. James frames Sameera falsely in a drug case and Sagar's family emotionally blackmail him into marrying Rekha. Irfan and Wilson help Sameera to get released from jail. Rekha tests HIV positive and everyone except Sagar, Rahul and Sameera shun her and illtreat her. Jagan comes to meet Wilson, threatens Sameera whole asking for Wilson and Sameera pushes him in self defense. Japan gets a head injury and forgets his past life. Sameera asks Irfan's help to save Jagan, and it is revealed that Jagan falsely testified against Sameera as a witness in the drug case and later rescinded it after being blackmailed. Rekha realizes the kind nature of Sameera and decides to reunite Sagar and Sameera, who have broken up due to Sagar's violent nature, misunderstanding caused by Rekha in-between the two and Sagar sleeping with Rekha while being in a relation with Sameera. Sameera refuses. Banerjee wants to kill Jagan, James, Gayathri and DIG Sreenivas, wanting revenge on Irfan, provoke Banerjee into attacking Wilson, who gets Banerjee arrested. Banerjee tells Wilson and Irfan that Jangan killed his son and his wife died of shock. Wilson, having lost Iqbal similarly decides to hand over Jagan to Banerjee. Seeing Sameera in danger, Jagan decides to surrender, but falls unconscious and remembers his past. It is revealed that Banerjee killed Jagan's parents when they found out the wrongdoings of Banerjee, took in Jagan and when found out that Jagan collected proofs against him, Banerjee planted a bomb in his car, and killed his own son, and his wife died due to shock. Sagar, seeing Jagan and Sameera close in college, violently takes her to a secluded place, attacks her and while trying to escape Sameera gets badly injured and goes into coma. Irfan finds out the truth, Indra gets Sagar arrested and Rekha takes Sravanthi's side. After Sameera gains consciousness, they decide to take the case back to save Sagar's career and warn him not to repeat this with anyone else or they will go to court next time. Sagar realizes his love for Rekha, Rahul insults Sameera in college. Despite all this, Jagan and Sameera fall in love, Sravanthi finds out Zubeida/Vennela is her daughter, Vennela gives birth to her and Irfan's son Iqbal, and she is taken to Australia. Wilson makes everyone believe Vennela is dead, makes James believe he killed her and gets James and Gayathri arrested for all their wrongdoings. They discover that Vennela is alive. James, unable to bear that Gayathri may kill herself due to her mental imbalance and staying away from James, begs Wilson and Indra's father to take back the case. They see the condition of Gayathri and out of humanity take the case back with a warning to James to never come near them again. James takes Gayathri to America after trying to search for Hema, writes a letter to Indra's father and sends a bouquet to Sameera and Jagan for their wedding, and writes in the letter expressing regret for his actions all these years, asks him to take care of Gayathri if anything happens to James. Jagan and Sameera get married and Chakravam comes to a happy end.

Paragraph 14: He is also known for shouting out "Mercy!" after a great defensive play is executed by a player or players and sometimes, when it is an exceptionally great play, or the play does not go the White Sox's way, he will also exclaim "You gotta be...bleeping me!" When a batter swings and misses he will proclaim, "Big hack, no contact." Harrelson refers to a routine flyball as a "can of corn." Hawk also calls bloop hits that land between fielders, "duck snorts." He refers to a two-hop infield ground ball as a "chopper-two-hopper." He calls a hard-hit ground ball that takes a favorable bounce for the fielder a "Bolingbrook Bounce." He refers to any play with a broken bat as a "Matt Abbatacola." Matt Abbatacola is a local sports radio show host and producer for AM 670 TheScore, which carries the White Sox radio broadcasts. The two met during spring training a few years ago, and Hawk decided to use his name during broken bat plays because of the distinctiveness and sound of his name. When a White Sox rally starts, Hawk Harrelson will often enthusiastically say, "Don't stop now boys." In July 2010, GQ named Harrelson the worst announcer in baseball. He has stated publicly that he wants to die in the booth during a game and that he will never retire.

Paragraph 15: Shortly thereafter, sensors detect another spacecraft in pursuit of the Enterprise. The alien craft disintegrates, but not before its pilot, Bele, transports to the Enterprise bridge. He is colored black and white, but directly opposite to Lokai, being black on the right side and white on the left side. Bele explains that he is on a mission to retrieve political traitors. His current quarry is Lokai, whom he has been chasing for 50,000 Earth years. Bele is taken to Lokai, and the two begin to argue about the history of their peoples, including whether it was justified for Bele's people to dominate Lokai's people; the two men almost come to blows.

Paragraph 16: Reardon state that she still believes that historians are interested in literary and nontraditional sources because these sources allow the reader to understand many different aspects of society. For instance, women and children's studies can be researched through non-traditional sources, such as schoolbooks, songs, poetry, etc. Nontraditional sources can fill in the blanks between the home-front and the battlefield. She thinks they are both wartime literature and post-wartime literature are important. Wartime literature allows historians to determine what the understanding of the war was. Post-wartime literature is important because it allows historians to see how understanding has changed. What was remembered, what was lost, and what was changed that may have no foundation in reality. The question that comes from comparing those sources is why they changed. Additionally, literature allows historians to know the underlining emotions that the author felt and sales enable historians to see if the public felt the same way. The literature demonstrates the political and social strains during that time period. Reardon believes that sources that combined nonfiction and fiction are good tools to develop strong historical methodologies. Historians need to research to determine if the author could have known the information at the time or it became knowledge after the fact. Reardon explains the difference between Civil War novel and the Civil War memoirs. With the novel, the author enters the project with no desire to keep within nonfiction; however, with memoirs, authors begin with the intention to stay true, yet once history becomes either dark or boring they add fictional elements. Reardon uses the Battle of Gettysburg to demonstrate how popular memory of the Civil War changes. Now, the Battle of Gettysburg is seen as a unifying symbol and the end of the Civil War; however, that was not always how it was seen. After the Civil War, Gettysburg was primarily targeted to inspire pride in the Union Army and the North. Many Southerners did not make the journey to Gettysburg because there was not much incentive to attend. It was not until the late 1880s that the Battle of Gettysburg began to be expressed in the dramatic unifying moment in United States' history. Finally, Reardon examines the novel The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara. Reardon argues that the novel is useful creates a different perspective of actors in the Civil War which allows people to being to study historiography. Additionally, a fictional novel can promote the public to begin to read non-fiction work on the Battle of Gettysburg. However, Reardon cautions that readers believe that the characters are real and if they are not, it can turn them off from reading.

Paragraph 17: Oakland took a 1–0 lead in the top of the third inning when they put together three singles off Tiger starter Doug Fister, with Yoenis Céspedes' base hit driving in the game's first run. Brandon Moss followed with another single, but Tiger right fielder Avisaíl García threw out Coco Crisp at home plate as Crisp was attempting to score from second base. The Tigers tied the score at one in the bottom of the third.  Miguel Cabrera hit his second double of the game, moved to third on a single by Prince Fielder, and scored on a slow roller to first off the bat of Delmon Young. Oakland retook the lead in the seventh inning when an RBI single by Cliff Pennington plated Seth Smith, but the lead was short-lived. In the bottom of the frame, Austin Jackson and Omar Infante each hit two-out singles.  Miguel Cabrera followed with a short fly ball to center field, which a hard-charging Coco Crisp bobbled and dropped. Jackson and Infante both scored on the error, and the Tigers had their first lead of the game, 3–2.  Detroit reliever Joaquín Benoit, however, failed to hold the lead in the next inning. Yoenis Cespedes singled and stole both second and third.  With one out and the infield in, Benoit threw a wild pitch that scored Cespedes to tie the game at three.  Josh Reddick then quickly untied it one batter later, with a home run to right. For the third time in the game, and fourth time in the series, the A's failed to hold a lead in the bottom of an inning that they had gained in the top of the same inning. Delmon Young greeted reliever Ryan Cook with a single, and was lifted for pinch runner Don Kelly. Jhonny Peralta followed with a single, sending Kelly to second.  Kelly and pinch runner Danny Worth then moved up  on a sacrifice bunt by Andy Dirks. Kelly scored on a Cook wild pitch, knotting the game at four.  A's closer Grant Balfour was called upon in the ninth to keep the game tied, but could not succeed. After back-to-back one-out singles by Omar Infante and Miguel Cabrera, Prince Fielder was intentionally walked, bringing Don Kelly to the plate.  Kelly, a .186 hitter during the regular season, delighted the home crowd by hitting a walk-off sacrifice fly to right that plated Infante with the winning run. Al Alburquerque got the win in relief, while Balfour took the loss.

Paragraph 18: In a hard fought match that went the distance, Tyson ultimately picked up the victory via unanimous decision with all three judges ruling in his favor with one score of 113–109 and two scores of 114–108. Tyson got off to a strong start in round 1. With 16 seconds left in the round, Tyson staggered Ruddock with a right hook to the side of his head, causing Ruddock to hold on to Tyson to prevent taking any more damage. After the bell rang, Tyson threw two punches at Ruddock, who in turn responded with a powerful right hand that just missed connecting with Tyson. Referee Mills Lane warned the two fighters between rounds that he would deduct points should punches be thrown after the bell. Tyson continued to attack Ruddock in round 2, hitting him with another strong right hand in the round's opening seconds. Later in the round, Tyson hit Ruddock with a 3-punch combination as Ruddock was against the ropes, though one of the punches was below the belt, causing Lane to separate the two and issue a warning to Tyson. After Lane's warning, Tyson hit Ruddock with a strong right overhand that knocked Ruddock to the canvas. Ruddock almost immediately got back up but was met with a furious onslaught from Tyson, who continued to hammer Ruddock with punches until fatigue set in with about 30 seconds left in the round.  Ruddock bounced back with a strong round 3, but in round 4, Tyson countered a Ruddock uppercut and landed a right hook that again sent Ruddock to canvas, though Ruddock was again able to quickly get back to his feet. Tyson also had the first of three points deducted in round 4 after once again landing a low blow on Ruddock. Tyson also lost points in both the 9th and 10th rounds for hitting Ruddock with another low blow and hitting him after the bell, while Ruddock lost a point in the 8th for hitting Tyson after the bell. In round 11, the two fighters exchanged low blows, but Lane opted not to deduct points, instead warning the two to "knock that shit off". In round 12, Tyson fought Ruddock aggressively in an attempt to gain the knockout victory, but Ruddock was able to withstand Tyson's attack and survive the fight without any further knockdowns. By the end of the fight, Ruddock's left eye had been swollen shut and his jaw had been broken, while Tyson suffered a perforated eardrum.

Paragraph 19: Sogahata was born in Kashima on August 2, 1979. He joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers based in his local from youth team in 1998. He debuted against Avispa Fukuoka on May 8, 1999 and played several matches until 2000. Although he could not play many matches behind Japan national team player Daijiro Takakuwa until 2000, Sogahata played in semifinals and final at 2000 J.League Cup and Antlers won the champions. He was also selected New Hero Awards. In 2001, he became a regular goalkeeper instead Takakuwa and Sogahata played as regular goalkeeper for long time. Antlers won the champions 2001 J1 League for two years in a row. In 2002 season, he was selected Best Eleven award. Antlers also won the champions in 2002 J.League Cup. In 2007, Antlers won the champions in J1 League for the first time in six years. Antlers also won the champions in 2007 Emperor's Cup. Antlers won the champions in J1 League for three years in a row (2007–2009). From 2010 season, Antlers won the champions 2010 Emperor's Cup, 2011 and 2012 J.League Cup. He also played all matches from 2008 season to 2014 season. He played for 244 consecutive matches until last match in 2014 season which is J1 League record. In 2015, although he could not play all matches in J1 League, Antlers won the champions in J.League Cup. In 2016, Antlers won the champions in J1 League and qualified for 2016 Club World Cup as host country champions. At Club World Cup, he played all four matches and won the 2nd place. In 2017, Antlers gained new goalkeeper Kwoun Sun-tae and Sogahata battles for the position with Kwoun Sun-tae. However Sogahata could not play many matches behind Kwoun Sun-tae from 2017. In 2018 AFC Champions League, he played four matches and Antlers won the champions first Asian title in the club history.

Paragraph 20: Carl Theodor Körner (23 September 1791 – 26 August 1813) was a German poet and soldier. After some time in Vienna, where he wrote some light comedies and other works for the Burgtheater, he became a soldier and joined the Lützow Free Corps in the German uprising against Napoleon. During these times, he displayed personal courage in many fights, and encouraged his comrades by fiery patriotic lyrics he composed, among these being the "Schwertlied" (Sword Song), composed during a lull in fighting only a few hours before his death, and "Lützows wilde Jagd" (Lützow's Wild Chase, or Hunt), each set to music by both Carl Maria von Weber and Franz Schubert. He was often called the "German Tyrtaeus."

Paragraph 21: CR 541 passes near woods and homes before splitting from Main Street by turning west onto the four-lane undivided Mount Holly Bypass, with CR 691 continuing north on Main Street toward Mount Holly. The road turns north and becomes a divided highway as it passes through industrial areas and comes to an intersection with Route 38. After this, the route enters Hainesport Township and passes more industry before crossing Conrail Shared Assets Operations' Pemberton Industrial Track railroad line and CR 537. The road turns northwest and then northeast through wooded areas and crosses into Mount Holly Township. After crossing the Rancocas River, the route intersects CR 626 and heads north past residential neighborhoods. Upon intersecting CR 691 again, CR 541 turns northwest onto Burlington-Mount Holly Road, a four-lane divided highway that has intersections with jughandles. The route enters Westampton Township and crosses CR 630, where it heads into agricultural areas with some businesses, meeting CR 638. CR 541 comes to an interchange with the New Jersey Turnpike and intersects CR 637 a short distance later. From this point, the road becomes a six-lane divided highway and crosses into Burlington Township, where it heads into businesses areas, passing the former Burlington Center Mall. The route comes to a cloverleaf interchange with I-295 and narrows back to four lanes, passing more businesses. At the CR 634 intersection, CR 541 narrows into an undivided road that passes a mix of residences and commercial establishments, becoming Mount Holly Road before intersecting CR 635. At this point, the route turns north onto High Street, a three-lane road with a center left-turn lane that runs through residential areas as it comes into Burlington. After the CR 632 junction, CR 541 becomes a four-lane undivided road that passes businesses before coming to its northern terminus at US 130 and CR 543. High Street continues north from here into downtown Burlington.

Paragraph 22:  Maya's biggest rival, the honor-bound and noble Ayumi was born as the daughter of a very famous actress, Utako Himekawa (once the student of Tsukikage) and a successful director and producer, Mitsugu Himekawa, and has been touted as a prodigy from an early age. Ever since learning she got her first acting role just because of her family links, Ayumi has striven to shine on her own and never falls into arrogance. Ayumi becomes aware of Maya's prodigious gift for acting when they first meet in a practice session; from then on she views the younger girl as a life-rival. She is ambitious enough to try to surpass her own mother, who is a widely recognized actress. People have jokingly told Utako that her daughter will steal the role of the Crimson Goddess from her. Even though Ayumi is young, she believes that she will re-vitalize the renowned role. Thus, she takes it upon herself to get as much experience as she can by trying out for any roles, including minor ones. At first, when Ayumi took on the role of Tom in The Prince and the Pauper, the children in attendance didn't like the performance because they were used to seeing Ayumi as a beautiful young woman rather than a dirty and homely boy. Yet Ayumi soon draws the children's favor by begging for "money" in a hat, to which the children offer her their candy. The people behind the stage were surprised that Ayumi would do such a thing, particularly since Ayumi generally would have thought such things beneath her. Her passion to become the Crimson Goddess is undeniable, however, as she continually strives for perfection to attain the role. Even though critics generally favour her over Maya, Ayumi is upset at being unable to reach the sort of emotional peaks Maya does when she performs.

Paragraph 23: Kirwitzer was born in Kadaň (Germ. Kaaden), Bohemia (present-day Czech Republic) to a protestant family descended from the village of Krbice (Germ. Kürbitz) so his surname was derived from "Kürbitzer". He converted to Catholicism as a youth and started studying Jesuit Academy in Olomouc (after Charles University in Prague the second oldest university in the Czech lands established by Bishop Vilém Prusinovský z Víckova). He attracted attention of his professors for his talent especially for natural science. In 1606 he became a novice at Jesuits in Brno. After a short time he was called up to Rome to be embodied in the  Collegium Romanum. He was a member of this College in the time when Galileo Galilei was in Rome (1611) to state his case in the question of Heliocentric and Ptolemaic systems. The Roman College was then open to the Copernican opinion held by Galileo. After a short career as a Professor of Mathematics in Graz and later in Coimbra, Portugal  Kirwitzer leaves with other brothers (among them Nicolas Trigault) for China as a missionary. Their ship San Carlos or Bom Jesus arrived in Goa, India, in October 1618. Only 8 brothers out of 22 survived the journey, among them Johann Adam Schall von Bell aus Köln and Johann Schreck.  After some time in Goa he moved on to China and finally to Macau where he died on May 22, 1626 (other sources consider Kyoto /then called Meaco/ as the place of his death). He didn't stop being interested in astronomy, he kept in touch with Johann Adam Schall von Bell, a German Jesuit that was preparing the reform of the Chinese calendar and later became president of the Astronomical Office in Beijing. His observations of comets were published in Observationes cometarum anni 1618 factæ in India Orientali a quibusdam S. J. mathematicis in Sinense regnum navigantibus in Aschaffenburg in 1620. Other works include Literae de Martyrio p. Joannis Bapt. Machadi soc. Jesu, qui anno 1617 in Japonia passus est (1622) and Annuae litterae e Sinis datae Macao 28. Nov. et 27. Oct. 1625.

Paragraph 24: Pocock was born in Clifton, Bristol, the fourth son of Rev. Nicholas Pocock and Edith Prichard. He began showing interest in natural history at St. Edward's School, Oxford. He received tutoring in zoology from Sir Edward Poulton, and was allowed to explore comparative anatomy at the Oxford Museum. He studied biology and geology at University College, Bristol, under Conwy Lloyd Morgan and William Johnson Sollas. In 1885, he became an assistant at the Natural History Museum, and worked in the section of entomology for a year. He was put in charge of the collections of Arachnida and Myriapoda. He was also given the task to arrange the British birds collections, in the course of which he developed a lasting interest in ornithology. The 200 papers he published in his 18 years at the museum soon brought him recognition as an authority on Arachnida and Myriapoda; he described between 300 and 400 species of millipedes alone, and also described the scorpion genus Brachistosternus. In 1929, he proposed the family Nandiniidae, with the genus Nandinia as its sole member. He argued that it differs from the Aeluroidea by the structure and shape of its ear canal and mastoid part of the temporal bone.

Paragraph 25: On 8 July 2017, the CEMB took part in the Pride in London march for the first time in order to highlight the fact that 13 states under Islamic rule (14 if Daesh-held territories were included) impose the death penalty for homosexuality, and many of these also execute apostates and blasphemers if they criticise or leave the religion. Afterwards, the CEMB was the subject of a complaint from the orthodox East London Mosque (ELM) and others about CEMB's placards used during the march, with claims they were "Islamophobic" and "incited hate", in breach of Pride's guidelines. They specifically objected to one banner that suggested their Masjid incited murder - the placard read "East London Mosque incites murder of LGBT." Namazie responded that the term 'Islamophobia' is abused to conflate 'criticism of Islam or the political Islamic movement or Islamic State [with] bigotry and racism.' She stated that 'we’re obviously opposed to bigotry ourselves. We need to stand up to racism and bigotry and at the same time we should be able to criticise religion and the religious right.' 'Pride is full of ‘God is gay’ and ‘Jesus had two fathers’ placards as well as those mocking the church and priests and pope, yet hold a sign saying ‘Allah is gay’ – as we did – and the police converge to attempt to remove them for causing offence.' After a brief inquiry into the 'Allah is gay' placards, London police allowed the CEMB protesters to proceed. Pride in London organisers launched an investigation into the matter, with a spokesperson saying: "If anyone taking part in our parade makes someone feel ostracised, discriminated against or humiliated, then they are undermining and breaking the very principles on which we exist. Our code of conduct is very clear on this matter... We will not tolerate Islamophobia." The row escalated when Pride organisers published a statement in August along the same lines, and CEMB responded with a fierce statement criticising the policy of Pride organisers, whom they accused of 'a cultural relativism and tone policing that is only applicable to critics of Islam and never [to] critics of Christianity,' and '[buying] into the Islamist narrative that betrays the persecuted and defends the persecutors. This is a politics that rewards bullies and blames victims.' CEMB went on to highlight instances of homophobia committed by the East London Mosque, for which the mosque apologised and promised not to let it happen again. Peter Tatchell, co-organiser of the first Pride in London in 1972 and Patron of Pride in London, came out in support of CEMB, while confirming the EML's track record of homophobic incidents.

Paragraph 26: Arriving outside the house of the gods, Trygaeus discovers that only Hermes is home. Hermes informs him that the others have packed up and departed for some remote refuge where they hope never to be troubled again by the war or the prayers of humankind. He has stayed back, he says, only to make some final arrangements and meanwhile the new occupant of the house has already moved in – War. War, he says, has imprisoned Peace in a cave nearby. Just then, as chance would have it, War comes grumbling and growling outdoors, carrying a gigantic mortar in which he intends grinding the Greeks to paste. Trygaeus discovers by eavesdropping that War no longer has a pestle to use with his gigantic mortar – the pestles he had hoped to use on the Greeks are both dead, for one was Cleon and the other was Brasidas, the leaders of the pro-war factions in Athens and Sparta respectively, both of whom have recently perished in battle. War goes back indoors to get himself a new one and Trygaeus boldly takes this opportunity to summon Greeks everywhere to come and help him set Peace free while there is still time. A Chorus of excited Greeks from various city-states arrives as prompted but they are so excited they cannot stop dancing at first. Eventually they get to work, pulling boulders from the cave's mouth under supervision by Trygaeus and Hermes. Some of the Greeks are more of a hindrance than a help and real progress is only made by the farmers. At last Peace and her companions, Festival and Harvest, are brought to light, appearing as visions of ineffable beauty. Hermes then tells the gathering why Peace had left them many years earlier – she had been driven away by politicians who were profiting from the war. In fact she had tried to come back several times, he says, but each time the Athenians had voted against her in their Assembly. Trygaeus apologizes to Peace on behalf of his countrymen, he updates her on the latest theatre gossip (Sophocles is now as venal as Simonides and Cratinus died in a drunken apoplexy) and then he leaves her to enjoy her freedom while he sets off again for Athens, taking Harvest and Festival back with him – Harvest because she is now his betrothed, Festival because she is to be female entertainment for the Boule or Council. The Chorus then steps forward to address the audience in a conventional parabasis.

Paragraph 27: Hamm-Brücher was born in Essen, Germany and grew up with four siblings in a non-political, bourgeois family. Her father was director of an electric firm; her mother maintained the household. Unexpectedly, her parents died within a year of each other when she was only ten and eleven years old. After the death of her parents, along with her siblings, she was brought up by her widowed grandmother in Dresden. Her grandmother came from an industrial family, whose ancestors had converted from Judaism to Protestantism. Hamm-Brücher received her Abitur in 1939 and studied chemistry in Munich. She received her doctorate in chemistry in 1945 and began working as a science journalist for the Neue Zeitung, an American-run newspaper, in what was then still occupied Germany.

Paragraph 28: Stoke Extinguisher	- NOFX	              (2013) EngineerShe's an Alarm – One Man Army (2012) Engineer, mixingAcoustic, Vol. 2	– Joey Cape, Tony Sly	       (2012) Engineer, mixing, producerSelf Entitled	–        NOFX	    (2012) EngineerTime and Pressure – The Shell Corporation (2012) Producer, mixing, engineerThe Decline, Live DVD – NOFX (2012) MixerRubber Bordello – Original Soundtrack (2012) Producer, engineer, mixingAgitations	      –  Cobra Skulls	   (2011) Engineer, mixing, producerFrom The Dumpster to the Grave – Leftöver Crack (2011) Producer, engineerForce Majeure – The Shell Corporation (2011) Production, Mixing, engineerGo Down Under	–  Me First and the Gimme Gimmes	(2011) Engineer, mixing, producerHere, Under Protest – Swingin' Utters	(2011) Engineer, mixing, producerSad Bear	  –      Tony Sly	  (2011) Engineer, mixing, producerBringing the War Home – Cobra Skulls (2010) Producer, engineer, mixing12 Song Program	– Tony Sly	 (2010) Engineer, mixing, producerConsentual Selections	– Mad Caddies	(2010) EngineerThe Longest EP	   –     NOFX	   (2010) Engineer, mixingAfrican Elephants –	Dead to Me    (2009) Engineer, mixingCoaster	    –    NOFX (2009) EngineerCokie the Clown – NOFX	 (2009) Engineer, mixingLet Them Know: The Story of Youth Brigade & BYO Records (2009)  EngineerHatest Grits: B-Sides and Bullshit	– Swingin' Utters (2008)  RemixingHave Another Ball! – Me First and the Gimme Gimmes (2008)  RemixingI Think My Older Brother Used to Listen to Lagwagon –	  Lagwagon	(2008) Accordion (diatonic), engineer, mixing, producerLittle Brother –	         Dead to Me      (2008) Engineer, assistant producerOff the Leash –	         The Real McKenzies	  (2008) Engineer, mixing, producerRe-Volts	    –     Re-Volts	          (2008) MixingRemain in Memory: The Final Show –	Good Riddance (2008)	  Engineer, producerUntil We're Dead –	Star Fucking Hipsters	(2008) Engineer, mixingA Different Light –	Sherwood	    (2007) Engineer, vocalsDeadline   –    Leftöver Crack	 (2007) Engineer, mixing, producerThey've Actually Gotten Worse Live –	NOFX (2007)	          Engineer, mixingI Remember When I Was Pretty –	 Playing Favorites	   (2007) EngineerHasta La Muerte! – La Plebe (2006) Engineer, mixingLove Their Country –	 Me First and the Gimme Gimmes (2006)	  EngineerMy Republic	–         Good Riddance	  (2006) EngineerSeize the Time! –	 Flattbush	        (2006) EngineerTwelve Small Steps, One Giant Disappointment	– Bad Astronaut (2006) Additional mixingWolves in Wolves' Clothing –	NOFX	(2006) Additional engineerThrasher Mag: Skate Rock, Vol. 12: Eat the Flag'' – various artists  (2005)       Engineer, mixing

Paragraph 29: Returning to the United States, Lowell opened his own practice in Boston in 1899 and was successful immediately. By 1906, he had opened a branch office in New York  and later split each week between New York and Boston. His commissions included large public, academic, and commercial buildings, as well as many distinctive residences, country estates, and formal gardens. He was the architect and landscape architect for the first Charles River dam, completed in 1910, which transformed the tidal river into the Charles River Basin. He designed five structures on the dam: the Upper and Lower Lock Gate Houses, the Stable, the Boat House, and an open pavilion. As part of the dam's construction, Frederick Law Olmsted's Charlesbank was extended from Charles Circle to the Harvard Bridge, and Lowell was responsible for the landscape design of the Boston Embankment, now universally known as the Esplanade. Lowell is perhaps most recognized for his design of two public buildings: the Boston Museum of Fine Arts (1906–09 and later additions) and the New York State Supreme Court building in New York City (1912–1914 and 1919–1927). Some of his other commissions included Lowell Lecture Hall at Harvard and academic buildings at Phillips Academy Andover, Simmons College, and Brown University.

Paragraph 30: Further controversy erupted when two days later the tabloid daily, Ekstra Bladet, reported that they had also been offered the confidential information that was made public during the election campaign. The source of the leak was determined to be Peter Arnfeldt, spin doctor for then Minister for Taxation Troels Lund Poulsen. This led to intense media speculation that the former government, and specifically Troels Lund Poulsen, were engaged in leaking confidential tax information and trying to pressure the revenue service into changing its decision in the case, in an active attempt to discredit the opposition leader in the then imminent election. This would constitute a hitherto unseen level of abuse of power in Danish political life. The commission of inquiry that had already been announced two days previously, was broadly supported by the Danish Parliament to also look into whether the former government was involved in, or knew of, the leak. On the same day, Troels Lund Poulsen announced he would be taking an indefinite leave of absence from the Danish Parliament. Peter Arnfeldt has been reported to the police by the Ministry for Taxation. In March 2012, Peter Loft was suspended from his post as deputy chief, for the duration of the two-year investigation period.