Paragraph 1: Blazers, in a wide range of colours, are worn as part of school uniforms by many schools across the Commonwealth, and are still daily wear for most uniformed pupils in Britain, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. These are blazers in the traditional sense: single-breasted, and often of bright colours or with piping. This style is also worn by some boat clubs, such as those in Cambridge or Oxford, with the piped version used only on special occasions such as a boat club dinner. In this case, the piping is in college colours, and college buttons are worn. This traditional style can be seen in many films set in the Edwardian era, such as Kind Hearts and Coronets.

Paragraph 2: According to the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals report of facts, on June 15, 1904, at the time Sheriff Morris was killed, Sheriff Glover was in Cuero, DeWitt County, Texas. Glover proceeded with a deputy sheriff of De Witt County to Kennedy, in Karnes County, and there for the first time learned that Cortez was the man who had killed Sheriff Morris. Glover, knowing the rendezvous of Cortez, boarded a train in about twenty minutes after receiving the information that Cortez had done the killing and proceeded as expeditiously as he could to the town of Ottine, in Gonzales County; there secured horses, and accompanied by two deputy sheriffs of Gonzales County, including Deputy Swift, and other parties, went a few miles in the country to the Schnable ranch; and there learned that Cortez was at the home of Martin Roblero. He and his posse went to Roblero's. The posse divided as they approached the house from the north side; Glover and one or more companions going on the east side of the house around to the south side; and the other parties going on the west side around to the south side of the house. According to the Court, some of the testimony tends to show that the sheriff's posse shot first; but the preponderance of the evidence shows that Cortez and Bonafacio fired the first shot. Just before the time that the sheriff's posse arrived at the house, Cortez informed Bonafacio that the Sheriff's troop would be on his tail and asked him what he should do, whether to fight or surrender. Bonafacio would have said, "We will fight". Immediately upon Glover getting around to a point opposite the gallery on the south side of the house, Cortez and Bonafacio Roblero (the Roblero's eldest son), who were in the gallery, allegedly fired upon Glover and killed him. There was a general fusillade of shots on the part of the posse and Cortez and Bonafacio. On the other hand, in his testimony, Cortez asserts that the officers came up and immediately fired upon him; that he returned this fire.

Paragraph 3: Brill made various trips to the Middle East, including accompanying Wertime's 1968 survey of the ancient technologies of Iran, alongside other great minds such as the noted ceramicist, Frederick Matson (UCL Institute for Archaeo-Metallurgical Studies 2007). In the years 1963-1964, the Corning Museum of Glass and the University of Missouri, following a long history of excavation at the necropolis of Beth She'Arim, conducted an examination of a huge slab of glass, some 2000 years old, that had been languishing in an ancient cistern (Brill and Wosinski 1965). Brill cannot recall who first suggested this slab, measuring 3.4m by 1.94m, could be made of glass, but the only way to test it was to drill a core through its 45 cm thickness and analyse it (Brill 1967, Brill and Wosinski 1965). On analysis of the core, Brill found that the glass was devitrified and stained, and not very homogenous, with a presence of wollastonite crystals throughout (1965, 219.2). Investigation of the manufacture technology required to produce the slab, suggested that in order to produce such a slab of glass, it would have been necessary to heat over eleven tons of batch material, and sustain it at around 1050˚C for between five and ten days (Brill 1967)! His initial interpretation was that the glass must have been heated either from above or from the sides using a kind of tank furnace; a hypothesis that was proven accurate when excavation underneath the slab suggested it had been melted in situ, in a tank whose floor was a bed of limestone blocks with a thin parting layer of clay (Brill and Wosinski 1965, Brill 1967). Brill's interpretation, that the slab and its surroundings suggest ‘some early form of reverberatory furnace’ was the first suggestion of the use of tank furnaces in early glassmaking (1967, 92). The evidence at Beth She’arim encouraged further innovative thought because whilst the slab represented glass production on a grand scale, no associated evidence for glass working was found. Brill had already suspected that historical glassmaking occurred in two phases, the heavy ‘engineering’ stage when the glass is formed from the batch ingredients and the ‘crafting’ stage when the glass is formed into artefacts (Brill, pers. comm., 2009). These stages could occur in combination at one location, or at two differing locales, and the time span of production after the initial glass melt is highly flexible. For Brill, the idea of this ‘dual nature of all glassmaking’ was ‘crystallized’ at Beth She’Arim, where only the raw glass production was represented, and would be reinforced later by the contrasting evidence, where working was favoured over production, found at Jalame, as discussed below (Brill, pers. comm., 2009).

Paragraph 4: The Lewis River begins at the southern end of Shoshone Lake and flows southerly approximately  to Lewis Lake. This short stretch of the river is the only portion of the river where boating is permitted. The river reemerges at the southern end of Lewis Lake and flows in a general southerly direction through a steep canyon roughly paralleling the south entrance road toward the south entrance of the park. Below Lewis Lake the river passes over several cascades and waterfalls including Lewis Falls. Shortly before leaving the park, the Lewis River merges with the Snake River, changing the course of the Snake southward. The Snake soon flows out of Yellowstone into Grand Teton National Park and Jackson Lake.

Paragraph 5: Clement of Alexandria says: "Because of the angels". By the angels he means righteous and virtuous men. Let her be veiled then, that she may not lead them to stumble into fornication. For the real angels in heaven see her though veiled. Clement of Alexandria explicated this: "It has also been commanded that the head should be veiled and the face covered, for it is a wicked thing for beauty to be a snare to men. Nor is it appropriate for a woman to desire to make herself conspicuous by using a purple veil." Tertullian explains that in his days, the women of the Corinthian church from the age of puberty onwards (unmarried and married) were practicing Christian headcovering despite the fact that non-Christians in the region did not observe this ordinance; as such, the practice of Christians was countercultural. In his deliberative treatise De virginibus velandis ("On the Veiling of Virgins") Tertullian argumented from scripture, natural law and Christian disclipline that from puberty virgins ought to be veiled when in public. The custom of some Carthaginian consecrated virgins not being veiled when the church gathered was sharply criticised as being contrary to the truth. This is only 150 years after the Apostle Paul wrote 1 Corinthians. He said, "So, too, did the Corinthians themselves understand [Paul]. In fact, at this day the Corinthians do veil their virgins [and married women]. What the apostles taught, their disciples approve." "Early church history bears witness that in Rome, Antioch, and Africa the custom [of wearing the head covering] became the norm [for the Church]." The historian Cory Anderson stated that the reason for this is because the early Church understood Saint Paul's instruction to apply to the whole church. Origen of Alexandria () wrote, "There are angels in the midst of our assembly… we have here a twofold Church, one of men, the other of angels… And since there are angels present… women, when they pray, are ordered to have a covering upon their heads because of those angels. They assist the saints and rejoice in the Church." In the second half of the third century, women praying with their heads covered is mentioned as church practice by St. Victorinus in his commentary of the Apocalypse of John. The early Christian Acts of Thomas, written in Syriac Aramaic, assigns Hell as the fate of women who did not wear a headcovering, stating:

Paragraph 6: African-Americans have been a part of the history of the Baltimore City Fire Department dating to Smokestack Hardy and the SHC Auxiliaries agitating the Mayor for them being made permanent and paid firemen in 1949. At the start of WWII firefighters enlisted en masse and the fire auxiliaries were utilized to fight fires in Baltimore. Hardy was the first certified as a firefighter and when the returning troops reclaimed the trucks, he continued to assist. Hardy was mustered out as too old for the army in 1943. In 1953, the first civil service class to include African-Americans was inducted into the fire academy. Many of the auxiliaries were over the age limits by the time of that first class but Charles Miller, Charles L. Scott and Roy Parker went on to serve as full firefighters for the city of Baltimore. In the first class of Auxiliaries to be paid were Lee D. Babb, Cicero Baldwin, Ernest H. Barnes, Louis Harden, Earl C. Jones, Carl E. McDonald, George C.W. McKnight, Jr., Charles T. Miller, Roy Parker, Charles L. Scott and Lindsay Washington. Scott scored no.1 on the civil service list to be hired, out of 48 taking and passing the civil service exam and physical. Hardy and the auxiliaries continued to respond to forth alarms, setting up ladders and assisting the firefighters. Until then, the Fire Department had been described by the black auxiliaries as a "private club" for white males only. The reality for the new firefighters was bleak, blacks were admitted to the Fire Department but they had to deal with segregated beds, toilets and washrooms. In many cases they were not allowed to use the same kitchen spoons or mugs, drink coffee from the coffeepot or read the newspapers bought by 'community chest' funds. Some firehouses had "Reserved" (for Colored People) signs over tables in the kitchens, on beds and a commode. It wasn't just in Baltimore that these incidents took place, but it was a consistent theme wherever blacks were integrated into firehouse life. In 1954, Firefighter Jack Johnson becomes the first to receive the fire departments Meritorious Service Award. In 1959, the first black promoted to the rank of Engine Engineer, Herman Williams, was not allowed to operate the apparatus to a fire. He was later promoted to Chief of the BCFD by Mayor Curt Schmoke in 1992. 1960 saw the first black to be promoted to Lieutenant, James Thomas had earlier achieved the rank of Fire Pump Operator. In the BCFD, Blacks were not allowed join the local union until eight years after they broke the color line. With the full union membership of local 734 set against inducting African-Americans, plus the departmental rules stipulated that you couldn't have any other representation than local 734, blacks determined that they would have representation. As social associations were allowed, The Social Association of Fire Fighters (SAFF) began as firefighters meeting at the house of James Crockett, a member of the third fire class. The SAFF, led by Charles R. Thomas visited the Vulcan Society in NYC who counseled legal action; subsequently, with the help of the law firm Brown Allen and Watts, Labor Leader A. Philip Randolph, The NAACP, The Urban League and some white supporters, the AFL-CIO forced the Local 734 Union to bring the "Negro Issue" to the floor of a general membership meeting. Blacks were denied membership in the Union until 1961 and were allowed to join only after the Union charged them a 'fee' to get in. These 'fees' later were litigated and found constitutional. In 2003 seven of the last remaining recruits who served at 36 Engine House on Edmondson Avenue got together to remember the firehouse as a place where history was made. It used to be the city's fire training school and it was where 10 men broke the color line to become Baltimore's first African-American firefighters. The only member of the 3rd class of black recruits not there on that day was Chief Herman Williams. All had been members of the Vulcan blazers, the incorporated successor to the SAFF. The city officially renamed Engine Company 36 on Edmondson Avenue and Bentalou Street - where for 22 years Thomas served in uniform - the Charles R. Thomas Sr. Engine Company. It is the third city firehouse named after a black firefighter and the second after a Vulcan Blazer. In 2015 the City Council of Baltimore passed resolutions CR-7573 thru CR-7587 thanking these black firefighters for their service to the city and cited their membership in the Vulcan Blazers with the following proclamations - CR 7575 President Dixon, All Members

Paragraph 7: The Cholera King"' (The Spider v. 8, no. 3, Apr. 1936)Slaves of the Dragon (The Spider v. 8, no. 4, May. 1936)Legions of Madness (The Spider v. 9, no. 1, Jun. 1936)Laboratory of the Damned (The Spider v. 9, no. 2, Jul. 1936)Satan's Sightless Legions (The Spider v. 9, no. 3, Aug. 1936)The Coming of The Terror (The Spider v. 9, no. 4, Sep. 1936)The Devil's Death Dwarfs (The Spider v. 10, no. 1, Oct. 1936)The Man Who Ruled in Hell (The Spider v. 12, no. 2, Jul. 1937)Machine Guns Over the White House (The Spider v. 12, no. 4, Sep. 1937)Master of the Flaming Horde (The Spider v. 13, no. 2, Nov. 1937)Legions of the Accursed Light  (The Spider v. 13, no. 4, Jan. 1938)The Grey Horde Creeps (The Spider v. 14, no. 2, Mar. 1938)City of Whispering Death (The Spider v. 14, no. 3, Apr. 1938)The Emperor From Hell (The Spider v. 15, no. 2, Jul. 1938)The City That Paid to Die (The Spider v. 15, no. 4, Sep. 1938)The Spider At Bay (The Spider v. 16, no. 1, Oct. 1938)Scourge of the Black Legions (The Spider v. 16, no. 2, Nov. 1938)Claws of the Golden Dragon (The Spider v. 16, no. 4, Jan. 1939)The Silver Death Rain (The Spider v. 17, no. 2, Mar. 1939)King of the Fleshless Legions (The Spider v. 17, no. 4, May. 1939)Rule of the Monster Men (The Spider v. 18, no. 1, Jun. 1939)The Spider and the Slaves of Hell (The Spider v. 18, no. 2, Jul. 1939)The Spider and the Fire God (The Spider v. 18, no. 3, Aug. 1939)The Spider and the Eyeless Legions (The Spider v. 19, no. 1, Oct. 1939)The Spider and the Faceless One (The Spider v. 19, no. 2, Nov. 1939)Satan's Murder Machines (The Spider v. 19, no. 3, Dec. 1939; reprinted in The Spider: Robot Titans of Gotham (Baen Books, June 2007))Hell's Sales Manager (The Spider v. 20, no. 1, Feb. 1940)Slaves of the Laughing Death (The Spider v. 20, no. 2, Mar. 1940)The Spider and the War Emperor (The Spider v. 20, no. 4, May. 1940)Judgment of the Damned (The Spider v. 21, no. 1, Jun. 1940)Pirates From Hell (The Spider v. 21, no. 3, Aug. 1940)The Council of Evil (The Spider v. 22, no. 1, Oct. 1940)The Spider and His Hobo Army (The Spider v. 22, no. 2, Nov. 1940)The Spider and the Jewels of Hell (The Spider v. 22, no. 3, Dec. 1940)Harbour of the Nameless Dead (The Spider v. 22, no. 4, Jan. 1941)The Spider and the Slave Doctor (The Spider v. 23, no. 1, Feb. 1941)The Spider and the Sons of Satan (The Spider v. 23, no. 2, Mar. 1941)Slaves of the Burning Blade (The Spider v. 23, no. 3, Apr. 1941)The Devil's Paymaster (The Spider v. 23, no. 4, May. 1941)The Benevolent Order of Death (The Spider v. 24, no. 1, Jun. 1941)Murder's Black Prince (The Spider v. 24, no. 2, Jul. 1941)The Spider and the Scarlet (The Spider v. 24, no. 3, Aug. 1941)The Spider and the Deathless One (The  Spider v. 24, no. 4, Sep. 1941)Satan's Seven Swordsmen (The Spider v. 25, no. 1, Oct. 1941)Volunteer Corpse Brigade (The Spider v. 25, no. 2, Nov. 1941)The Crime Laboratory (The Spider v. 25, no. 3, Dec. 1941)Death and the Spider (The Spider v. 25, no. 4, Jan. 1942)Murder's Legionnaires (The Spider v. 26, no. 1, Feb. 1942)The Gentleman From Hell (The Spider v. 26, no. 2, Mar. 1942)Slaves of the Ring (The Spider v. 26, no. 3, Apr. 1942)The Spider and the Death Piper (The Spider v. 26, no. 4, May 1942)Revolt of the Underworld (The Spider v. 27, no. 1, Jun. 1942)Return of the Racket Kings (The Spider v. 27, no. 2, Jul. 1942)Pangs of the Dragon (The Spider v. 27, no. 3, Aug. 1942)Hell Rolls on the Highway (The Spider v. 27, no. 4, Sep. 1942)Army of the Damned (The Spider v. 28, no. 1, Oct. 1942)Zara: Master of Murder (The Spider v. 28, no. 2, Nov. 1942)The Spider and the Flame King (The Spider v. 28, no. 3, Dec. 1942)The Howling Death (The Spider v. 28, no. 4, Jan. 1943)Secret City of Crime (The Spider v. 29, no. 1, Feb. 1943)Recruit for the Spider Legion (The Spider v. 29, no. 2, Mar. 1943)The Spider and the Man From Hell (The Spider v. 29, no. 3, Jun. 1943)The Criminal Horde (The Spider v. 29, no. 4, Aug. 1943)The Spider and Hell's Factory (The Spider v. 30, no. 1, Oct. 1943)

Paragraph 8: Phan Bội Châu (; 26 December 1867 – 29 October 1940), born Phan Văn San, courtesy name Hải Thụ (later changed to Sào Nam), was a pioneer of Vietnamese 20th century nationalism. In 1903, he formed a revolutionary organization called Duy Tân Hội ("Modernization Association"). From 1905 to 1908, he lived in Japan where he wrote political tracts calling for the independence of Vietnam from French colonial rule. After being forced to leave Japan, he moved to China where he was influenced by Sun Yat-sen. He formed a new group called Việt Nam Quang Phục Hội (“Vietnamese Restoration League”), modeled after Sun Yat-sen's republican party. In 1925, French agents seized him in Shanghai. He was convicted of treason and spent the rest of his life under house arrest in Huế.

Paragraph 9: An advantage of using Gaussians as interpolation functions is that they yield linear operators, including Laplacians,  that are free from rotational artifacts of the coordinate frame in which  is represented via , in -dimensions, and are frequency aware by definition.  A linear operator has not only a limited range in the  domain but also an effective range in the frequency domain (alternatively Gaussian scale space) which can be controlled explicitly via the variance of the Gaussian in a principled manner. The resulting filtering can be implemented by separable filters and decimation (signal processing)/pyramid (image processing) representations for further computational efficiency in -dimensions. In other words, the discrete Laplacian filter of any size can be generated conveniently as the sampled Laplacian of Gaussian with spatial size befitting the needs of a particular application as controlled by its variance. Monomials which are non-linear operators can also be implemented using a similar reconstruction and approximation approach provided that the signal is sufficiently over-sampled.  Thereby, such non-linear operators e.g.  Structure Tensor, and Generalized Structure Tensor which are used in pattern recognition for their total least-square optimality in orientation estimation, can be realized.

Paragraph 10: Particular attention in the Diocesan Gazette is given to the description of the liberation of the peasants of the landowner Panova from serfdom 50 years before the complete abolition of serfdom in Russia. This is the most outstanding fact of the history of this village. Many facts of the Diocesan Gazette are presented from the words of Ternovka, Agap Dmitrievich Simonov. According to deacon Tsoptaev, by the end of the century he was already a deep old man, saying: “When the Frenchman was in Moscow, I was 15 years old,” which means that the approximate date of his birth was 1797.  According to Agap Simonov, the idea of ​​letting the peasants go free and transferring the land to them was born by Evdokia Nikitovna Panova after the death of her husband, State Councilor Afanasy Grigorievich Panov on July 18, 1806. The woman found the opportunity to implement her decision in the first paragraph of the Decree of Emperor Alexander I to the Senate of February 20, 1803 “On free agriculturalists”. In describing the conditions for the release of the peasants of Ternovka, Pavel Tsoptaev relies on the original document - the petition of Evdokia Nikitovna Panova addressed to Emperor Alexander Pavlovich, dated January 10, 1811. According to the priest, “this condition in the original has survived intact to this day, it is written on stamped paper, of a thirty-kopeck denomination, the year 1809 is listed on the seal.” This document has not yet been found in the archives of the Tambov and Voronezh regions. The deacon claims that the landowner asked for permission to let 156 revision souls (i.e. male)  living in the villages of Ternovka and Afanasievka, the land area of 3197 acres with all the land and mills, for free arable farming with the provision of their own land. According to the terms of the petition, the peasants were supposed to receive freedom after her death. Evdokia Panova had no children, and other heirs were ordered not to intervene. The second paragraph of the petition was indicated: for 15 years, the peasants should pay 300 rubles each to the Tambov parish of public charity, and in addition, build decent houses for the courtyard people of the widow. A special clause noted that the manor house with annexes, a courtyard, as well as a garden, were not transferred to the peasants, they had to be sold, and the money transferred to decorate the church. Local historian Prokhorov V.A., the author of the historical and toponymic dictionary “All Voronezh Land”, believes that this historical fact could not be a manifestation of the humanity of the landowner, most likely it was decided to release the peasants due to some kind of necessity.  The detailed study of the history of the village, compiled by deacon Tsoptaev, which describes in detail the moral qualities of the lady Panova: “she observed the family life of the peasants”, “took care of their religious and moral needs”, “protected them from insults from neighboring landowners ", thus the fact of liberation from serfdom of the peasants is a manifestation of God-fearing and humanity of the widow Evdokia Nikitovna Panova. Other landlords of Ternovka did not follow the example of Panova. The directory of the Tambov province of 1862 says: “The state-owned and owner's village Novosiltsevo  (Ternovka)  near the Ternovka River, on the postal route from Borisoglebsk to Tambov, 48 miles from Borisoglebsk, 12 miles from Rusanovo. Yards 193, men 806, women 817, church. As a result, it turns out that on the eve of the abolition of serfdom Ternovka was considered an owner and state-owned village, since part of its inhabitants were serfs.

Paragraph 11: A liveship is a ship made of Wizardwood, a mystical substance from up the Rain Wild River. When three generations of a ship's owners die on board, a liveship "quickens", becoming a sentient being with a personality, the memories of the dead ancestors, and a psychic connection to living family members. Only a liveship is capable of crossing the perilous Rain Wild River to trade with the Rain Wilders, who have valuable goods plundered from an ancient Elderling ruin. Vivacia is the ship bought by the Vestrit family, who are still in debt to the Rain Wilder for the price of the Wizardwood.

Paragraph 12: Originally a feudal county itself, Artois was annexed by the county of Flanders. It came to France in 1180 as a dowry of a Flemish princess, Isabelle of Hainaut, and was again made a separate county in 1237 for Robert, a grandson of Isabelle. Through inheritance, Artois came under the rule of the dukes of Burgundy in 1384. At the death of the fourth duke, Charles the Bold, Artois was inherited by the Habsburgs and passed to the dynasty's Spanish line. After the religious revolts of 1566 in the Netherlands, Artois briefly entered the Dutch Revolt in 1576, participating in the Pacification of Ghent until it formed the Union of Arras in 1579.

Paragraph 13: After the dissolution of the Soviet Union in December 1991, athletes from former Soviet states went to the Olympics together for the last time in 1992 on a Unified Team. Petrenko competed for this Unified Team. With a free skate that was ranked above American Paul Wylie's by seven of the nine judges, he won the gold medal. It was the first ever for a singles skater from the former Soviet Union.  His skate was not his best, and some contested his win. His triple axel-triple toe in both programs gained him scores over both Wylie and European Champion Petr Barna, in spite of the mistakes.  

Paragraph 14: Vocalist and rhythm guitarist Ade Blackburn and lead guitarist Jonathan Hartley formed the earliest incarnation of the band around 1984, initially known as Sunny Rainy Afterlife, and offering home-made demo cassettes through a local free-circulation magazine. By the late 1980s, the band had renamed itself Jellystone Park, with Blackburn and Hartley joined by drummer Steve "Captain" Dougherty, who later went on to join Creation signings One Lady Owner, and bassist Derek Finn. Following a brief hiatus, and a one-off appearance by Blackburn and Hartley in a covers act, Sean Durney's L-Ego, supporting the post-A Flock of Seagulls combo An Almighty Atmosphere, Dougherty was replaced in 1988 by Sean Durney, previously drummer with an acoustic agit-pop outfit also part of a mini-scene centred on the Birkey pub in Crosby, Liverpool. The band by this time was based in a former storage room at the Regent Bingo Hall in Crosby (now St Mary's College Sports Centre), where Blackburn was a bingo caller. Finn departed and was replaced by Rich Stevens, and following his departure, for a short period by Paul Entwhistle, also of Liverpool band Spontaneous Cattle Combustion. Entwhistle was subsequently replaced by Brian Campbell after Durney spotted him playing in a band at The Crosby Squash Club. The band recorded two demos in 1991 (both of which were released as digital downloads by Museum Records under the name of Jellystone Park  in 2011, and The Dark Side of the Birkey  in 2012) along with a flexi-disc in 1992. Durney also departed in 1993, being replaced on the drums by Carl Turney, an associate of Campbell, and the band renamed itself Pure Morning, recording an album, Two Inch Helium Buddah, for Radar Records in 1996.

Paragraph 15: According to Guy Deutscher, the tricky question is "Why are changes not brought up short and stopped in their tracks? At first sight, there seem to be all the reasons in the world why society should never let the changes through." He sees the reason for tolerating change in the fact that we already are used to "synchronic variation", to the extent that we are hardly aware of it. For example, when we hear the word "wicked", we automatically interpret it as either "evil" or "wonderful", depending on whether it is uttered by an elderly lady or a teenager. Deutscher speculates that "[i]n a hundred years' time, when the original meaning of 'wicked' has all but been forgotten, people may wonder how it was ever possible for a word meaning 'evil' to change its sense to 'wonderful' so quickly."

Paragraph 16: The Jets came into the game having lost 2 straight while San Diego was on a roll. The Jets started out the game well driving down the field on their opening drive only to see kicker Doug Brien miss a 33-yard field goal wide right. In the second quarter, Chargers quarterback Drew Brees found receiver Keenan McCardell for a 26-yard touchdown pass to give San Diego a 7–0. The Jets responded as Jets quarterback Chad Pennington found Anthony Becht for a 13-yard touchdown pass to tie the game. New York kept the momentum into the 3rd quarter as Santana Moss pulled in a perfect 46-yard touchdown pass from Pennington to give the Jets a 14–7 lead. The teams traded field goals. Then San Diego got the ball back with under 5:00 to play. The Chargers drove down to the Jets 3-yard line but faced a 4th and goal at the 3. Brees’ desperation pass was knocked down for an apparent Jets’ victory. However, a roughing the passer penalty on linebacker Eric Barton gave the Chargers a second chance, which they quickly seized as Brees found Antonio Gates for a 1-yard touchdown pass to send the game into overtime. 10 minutes into the extra period the Chargers were in position to win the game off the foot of rookie kicker Nate Kaeding. However, his 40-yard field goal sailed wide right as the Jets took advantage of their second chance driving down to the San Diego 8. Doug Brien connected on a 28-yard field goal to give the Jets the win and in the process advancing them to the next round to face the Steelers. Pennington’s numbers were very impressive as he was 23 of 33 for 279 and 2 TDs. Brees was 31 of 42 for 319 yards, 2 TDs and 1 interception.

Paragraph 17: In February 1918 he served as the principal intermediary on behalf of the Romanian government in effecting a ceasefire with revolutionary forces in Bessarabia. On 23 February 1918, when Romania was on the brink of defeat, Boyle first met Queen Marie, who was lying dejected on her sofa as she heard the news that Romania had asked for an armistice with Germany. Although Marie was only a queen consort, she was vastly more popular with the Romanian people than her husband, King Ferdinand, and it she who was the focal point of popular affection.  At the time she vowed: "My English blood refuses to accept disaster. If there remains the smallest, most meagre fighting chance, I shall fight on-a losing battle no doubt, but I shall consider myself unworthy of my own ideals were I to give in before I am completely convinced that all is lost". Boyle's arrival at the Romanian court and his promise as he got on his knees to shake the queen's hand and to swear that he would never abandon her did much to lift her spirits. Marie later wrote of him: "I can honestly say that during that dark period of my life, Joe Boyle kept me from despairing...This strong, self-reliant man had been my rock on a stormy sea". One biographer of Queen Marie wrote of him: "An exaggeration of a man, Colonel Boyle reads today like a fictional hero created by his contemporaries to lighten the frustrations of defeat. Were it not for the corroborating memoirs of his partner, Captain George A. Hill of the British Secret Service, we would write Boyle off as the wish fulfillment of a desperate queen looking for a twentieth-century version of Lancelot". Boyle, in cooperation with Captain George Hill, a Russian-speaking member of the British secret service, carried out clandestine operations against German and Bolshevik forces in Bessarabia and southwestern Russia. Just one of their many exploits together had been secreting the Romanian crown jewels and Romanian treasury out of the Kremlin and back into Romania. In March–April 1918, he rescued some 50 high-ranking Romanians held in Odessa by revolutionaries. This made Boyle a national hero in Romania and gave him influence within its royal court.

Paragraph 18: Right from the start, the day's breakaway was formed. Simon Pellaud () and Umberto Marengo () were once again part of the break, as was Samuele Rivi () and stage 3 winner Taco van der Hoorn ().  missed the initial break attempt, but Kobe Goossens attacked across shortly after to make it a quintet out front. While Goossens and van der Hoorn were content to roll over the intermediate sprint, Marengo, Pellaud, and Rivi had a cagey contest for the points on offer, and Rivi got the better of Marengo while Pellaud settled for third. The break eventually joined back together, but shortly thereafter, they were forced to stop at a closed level crossing to let a train pass. However, because it was a rather quick stoppage, race commissaires deemed it a 'race incident' and the peloton behind were not forced to stop as well in order to maintain the breakaway's advantage, which had already been quite slim but was slashed in half from just under three minutes to around one and a half minutes. On the slopes of the third and last uncategorized climb, Marengo was dropped from the break after an acceleration from Pellaud. Meanwhile, in the peloton behind,  took to the front and ramped up the pace, adopting a similar strategy to what they did on stage 3 in order to drop as many of Peter Sagan's sprint rivals as possible. The main damage was done on the Valico della Somma: as Marengo dropped back to the peloton, several sprinters, including Dylan Groenewegen (), maglia ciclamino Tim Merlier (), and Giacomo Nizzolo (), were among those that could not cope with 's furious pace and were dropped. Giovanni Aleotti, in his debut Giro and Grand Tour, led the  train and the peloton over the summit of the Valico della Somma to take the maximum mountains classification points on offer unchallenged, with teammates Daniel Oss and Emanuel Buchmann sweeping up the rest of the points. Victor Campenaerts () had dropped back to try and pace his teammate Nizzolo back up to the peloton, but the duo never managed to chip into their deficit and they eventually resigned themselves to being out of contention for the final sprint.  came to front to help , while  lined up ahead of the second intermediate sprint for team leader Remco Evenepoel to try and take some bonus seconds. Seeing this,  also presented themselves at the front of the peloton, with former race leader Filippo Ganna leading out current race leader Egan Bernal to maintain the latter's 15-second gap over second-placed Evenepoel. Neither GC contender seemed to give the sprint too much effort, but when Bernal's teammate Jhonatan Narváez saw that Bernal would not be able to come around Evenepoel, he let off his own sprint to take the maximum of three bonus seconds, with Evenepoel getting two seconds to Bernal's one to reduce the deficit to 14 seconds.

Paragraph 19: Many unsigned bands and artists record demos in order to obtain a recording contract. These demos are usually sent to record labels in hopes that the artist will be signed onto the label's roster and allowed to record a full-length album in a professional recording studio. However, large record labels usually ignore unsolicited demos that are sent to them by mail; artists generally must be more creative about getting the demos into the hands of the people who make decisions for the record company. Many signed bands and artists record demos of new songs before recording an album. The demos may allow the artist to provide sketches for sharing ideas with bandmates, or to explore several alternate versions of a song, or to quickly record many proto-songs before deciding which ones merit further development. Demos may include as few as one or two songs or as many as would be contained on a full-length album. With the evolution of the access to software allowing musicians to produce high quality music on their own, the amount of music released everyday has skyrocketed. With over 100,000 new songs released on Spotify every day, the level of quality required for demos to convince record labels has also increased, and the limits between demos and actual finished recordings have become blurrier.

Paragraph 20: On 9 January 1990, the Supreme Soviet of the Armenian SSR voted to include Nagorno-Karabakh in its budget and allowed its inhabitants to vote in Armenian elections, thus disregarding Soviet authority and Azerbaijani SSR jurisdiction, and causing outrage throughout the republic. This led to demonstrations which demanded the ousting of Azerbaijani communist officials and called for independence from the Soviet Union. Their rhetoric was, according to a Human Rights Watch report, "heavily anti-Armenian". On 12 January, the Popular Front organized a national defence committee with branches in factories and offices in Baku. The aim was to mobilize the population for battle with local Armenians.

Paragraph 21: With the prevalence of segregation throughout the country, and within organizations such as the NAWSA, blacks had formed their own activist groups to fight for their equal rights. Many were college educated and resented their exclusion from political power. The fiftieth anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation issued by President Abraham Lincoln in 1863 also fell in 1913, giving them even further incentive to march in the suffrage parade. Nellie Quander of Alpha Kappa Alpha—the nation’s oldest black sorority—asked for a place in the college women's section for the women of Howard.  While there were two letters discussing the matter the letter on  February 17, 1913, letter discusses the desire for the women of Howard to be given a desirable place in the march as well as mentions correspondence and requests from AKA sorority member, leader of the suffrage parade, vice president of the NAWSA, and appointer of both Paul & Burns as the organizer of the parade, Jane Addams.  These letters were follow up discussions to the one began by Paul and initiated by Elise Hill when Hill went down to Howard University at the request of Paul to recruit the Howard women. The Howard University group included "Artist, one—Mrs. May Howard Jackson; college women, six—Mrs. Mary Church  Terrell, Mrs. Daniel Murray, Miss Georgia Simpson, Miss Charlotte Steward, Miss Harriet Shadd, Miss Bertha McNiel ; teacher,  one—Miss Caddie Park; musician, one—  Mrs. Harriett G. Marshall; professional  women, two— Dr. Amanda V. Gray, Dr. Eva  Ross. Illinois delegation—Mrs. Ida Wells  Barnett; Michigan—Mrs. McCoy, of Detroit,  who carried the banner; Howard University, group of twenty-five girls in caps and gowns;  home makers—Mrs. Duffield, who carried  New York banner, Mrs. M. D. Butler, Mrs.  Carrie W. Clifford."  One trained nurse, whose name could not  be ascertained, marched, and an old mammy  was brought down by the Delaware delegation.

Paragraph 22: While on her way to a party, Chas takes a lift from Debbie, but she takes Chas to an abandoned barn and pulls a gun on her. She ties Chas to a wooden pillar and blindfolds her, she intimidates her so she can understand how angry she is for what Chas has done with Cameron. Cain and Charity then arrive, and at first it seems as though Cain is willing to let Debbie execute Chas, but he and Charity eventually talk Debbie into letting Chas go. After this incident, Chas returns to running The Woolpack, however customers avoid the pub, due to the atmosphere. Chas tries her best to regain the regulars, but she is unsuccessful. She takes out a loan against the pub to try to keep the business afloat, stating she is very close to bankruptcy, with mounting legal fees to pay also. Chas and Cameron continue their relationship and remain in the village. In July, Gennie suspects that Cameron and Debbie are having an affair, and warns Chas about it. However, Chas thinks Gennie is trying to tear them apart and dismisses her claims. Soon, Gennie's suspicions are confirmed when she records a conversation in which Cameron confesses to killing Carl to Debbie, and the pair rekindling their romance. Gennie intends to tell Chas, but later dies after being suffocated by Cameron in order to keep his secret following a car chase between her, Cameron and Debbie. At Gennie's funeral, Chas learns that Cameron has been having an affair with Debbie. Chas delivers an emotional eulogy and then marches out of the church. Later, Chas packs Cameron's bags and brings them to Debbie's home, where she tells them they are selfish and deserve each other. Debbie and Charity both soften towards Chas and Charity apologises to her for treating her coldly for her affair with Cameron.

Paragraph 23: Hashim Ridha was a natural goalscorer, deadly around the six-yard box. He started his career at Karbala FC. He started his football career joining the Karbala junior team in 1993. In 1998, he earned a move to Al-Shorta. There he finished as joint top scorer of the 1998/99 season, scoring 19 goals and winning both the best striker and best young player awards. He also scored 14 goals in the 1998/99 Iraq FA Cup, which is the record for the most goals that a player has scored in a single Iraq FA Cup tournament. He was part of the Iraqi Olympic team that failed to qualify for the 2000 Olympic games in Sydney, after losing 5-0 to Jordan, a few days after beating the same team 4-2. After his Olympic disappointments, Hashim was given his first call up to the national team by Najih Humoud during the International Friendly Tournament in 1999, he also was called up by Milan Zivadinovic into the 2000 Asian Cup squad but was one of the players that missed out of a place in Lebanon. In the 2001/02 season, after loan spells at Al-Zawraa and Al-Talaba, he bagged a mighty 32 goals for Al-Shorta and finished as top scorer of the Iraqi Premier League for the second time in his career. He helped Al-Shorta to win three Umm Al Maarek Cup (Mother of All Battles Cup)'s in a row but a recurring injury kept keeping him out of games. He then moved to a professional club, Qatari club Al-Shamal in the 2002/03 season. He scored seven goals for them in that season, the third highest amount in the league. He was one of the best players in the 2004 Algomhuria International Cup when he returned to Al-Shorta and Al-Shorta finished 4th in the tournament. He left the club on 2006 to join his hometown club Karbala FC where he scored three goals in the 2006/07 season. He returned to Al-Shorta in 2007/08, scoring three more goals for the club, and then moved back to Karbala in 2009. He scored six goals for Karbalaa in the 2009/10 season and then moved back to Al-Shorta for the 2010/11 season in which he was the captain of his club. He scored one goal in that season against Ramadi FC and then made his last career move, returning to play for Karbala for the fourth time in his career. After adding another two goals to his long list of career goals in the 2011/12 season, Hashim decided to retire at the age of 34 and as one of the deadliest Iraqi strikers of all-time, and he is one of Al Shorta's most legendary players. He had a retirement ceremony at Al Shaab Stadium before Al Shorta took on Al Zawraa (two of his former clubs) in a league match on 31 August 2013.

Paragraph 24: environment. End of Ages offers players three navigation modes to explore. The first, "Classic mode", uses the same controls used in Myst and Riven; Ages are divided into locations of interest, or nodes, and the player's view is fixed at every node. Players advance to other nodes by clicking on portions of the screen. The "Classic Plus" mode uses the control scheme of Myst III: Exile and Myst IV: Revelation; movement is still node-based but players can rotate their view 360 degrees in any direction. The final navigation mode, known as "Free Look" or "Advanced" mode, allows players to navigate and observe the Ages freely like Uru: Ages Beyond Myst. The WASD keyboard keys are used for walking forward, backward, and sideways, while the mouse changes the player's point of view.

Paragraph 25: On 25 August 1939, I. Gruppe was ordered from Cologne to Bonn-Odendorf, across the Rhine in the Eifel while II. Gruppe moved from Düsseldorf to Bönninghardt. On 1 September 1939, the German Wehrmacht began the Invasion of Poland, beginning World War II. JG 26 was ordered to protect the western German border and industrial regions. Pilots spent time patrolling the airspace, in training or waiting at readiness in cockpits. The wing suffered its first fatality when an Unteroffizier pilot, Josef Schubauer, 2. Staffel, was killed in an accident. 10. Staffel became a night fighter unit under the command of Johannes Steinhoff, but was equipped with obsolete Bf 109 Ds and Arado Ar 68 fighters. 7., 8. and 9. Staffel were formed to staff the gruppe; Gerhard Schöpfel was the first leader of 9./JG 26. JG 26 claimed a first victory on 28 September, when a Curtiss P-36 Hawk from Groupe de Chasse II/5 encountered 2./JG 26 escorting a Henschel Hs 126 reconnaissance aircraft. The battle ended in the two Bf 109s being brought down with no loss to the French Air Force unit. By 30 September 1939, III. Gruppe had received its full complement of Bf 109s. The wing now had 129 day fighters, with fourteen Bf 109 Ds and six Ar 68s in the night fighter staffel. Walter Kienitz  was replaced as III. Gruppe commander by Major Ernst Freiherr von Berg on 31 October, while on 7 November Joachim Müncheberg claimed the last victory during the "Phoney War" over a No. 56 Squadron RAF Bristol Blenheim bomber. The night fighter unit 10.(Nacht)/JG 26 fought in the Battle of the Heligoland Bight under Carl-Alfred Schumacher. Steinhoff was also in the battle; the German unit claimed six (three confirmed) for one pilot drowned. On New Years Day 1940, JG 26 began replacing the Bf 109 E-1 with the E-3, which had more powerful MG FF cannon armament in the wings, though not all staffeln had replaced the E-1 until autumn, 1940. On 10 February 1940 I. Gruppe was assigned to Jagdgeschwader 51 (JG 51—51st Fighter Wing) but remained under JG 26 administration. It did not return to JG 26 until June 1940. To maintain it as a three gruppen wing, JG 26 took operational control of gruppen from other wings. From 1 September 1939 to 9 May 1940, JG 26 lost one pilot killed in action, one interned in the Netherlands, three killed in accidents and one wounded in action. The pilots were credited with four confirmed and four unconfirmed victories.

Paragraph 26: Led by Usma bin Luai, the Tayy invaded the mountains of Ajaa and Salma from Banu Assad and Banu Tamim in northern Arabia in their exodus from Yemen in 115 CE. These mountains were renamed to Jabal Tayy (Tayy's Mountain), and then again in the 14th century, after the tribe changed their name, to Jabal Shammar. There, Tayy, later Shammar, became either city-dwellers in the city of Ha'il, nomadic pastoralists, camel-herders and horse-breeders in northern Najd, or agriculturists in the countryside outside Ha'il or in the surrounding desert oases. These divisions were based on profession, personal interest and skill, and not family or blood-line stratifications within the tribe. It is common for the same nuclear family to have members living each of the three different lifestyles. Because of their strength and blood relations with the Yemenite dynasties that came to rule Syria (Ghassanids) and Iraq (Muntherids), the Tayy expanded north into Iraq all the way to al-Hira, the capital at the time. Oral tradition mentions that the first chiefs of the Shammar tribe, Arar and Omair, were of the 'Abda family of Dhaigham, who ruled Shammar from Jabal Shammar. In the 17th century, a large section of the Shammar left Jabal Shammar under the leadership of the Al Jarba and settled in Iraq, reaching as far as the northern city of Mosul, their current stronghold. The Shammar are currently one of Iraq's largest tribes and are divided into two geographical, as opposed to genealogical, subsections. The northern branch, known as Shammar al-Jarba, is mainly Sunni, while the southern branch, Shammar Toga, converted to Shia Islam around the 19th century after settling in southern Iraq.

Paragraph 27: Manchu families adopted Han Chinese sons from families of bondservant Booi Aha origin and they served in Manchu company registers as detached household Manchus and the Qing imperial court found this out in 1729. Manchu Bannermen who needed money helped falsify registration for Han Chinese servants being adopted into the Manchu banners and Manchu families who lacked sons were allowed to adopt their servant's sons or servants themselves. The Manchu families were paid to adopt Han Chinese sons from bondservant families by those families. The Qing Imperial Guard captain Batu was furious at the Manchus who adopted Han Chinese as their sons from slave and bondservant families in exchange for money and expressed his displeasure at them adopting Han Chinese instead of other Manchus. These Han Chinese who infiltrated the Manchu Banners by adoption were known as "secondary-status bannermen" and "false Manchus" or "separate-register Manchus", and there were eventually so many of these Han Chinese that they took over military positions in the Banners which should have been reserved for Manchus. Han Chinese foster-son and separate register bannermen made up 800 out of 1,600 soldiers of the Mongol Banners and Manchu Banners of Hangzhou in 1740 which was nearly 50%. Han Chinese foster-son made up 220 out of 1,600 unsalaried troops at Jingzhou in 1747 and an assortment of Han Chinese separate-register, Mongol, and Manchu bannermen were the remainder. Han Chinese secondary status bannermen made up 180 of 3,600 troop households in Ningxia while Han Chinese separate registers made up 380 out of 2,700 Manchu soldiers in Liangzhou. The result of these Han Chinese fake Manchus taking up military positions resulted in many legitimate Manchus being deprived of their rightful positions as soldiers in the Banner armies, resulting in the real Manchus unable to receive their salaries as Han Chinese infiltrators in the banners stole their social and economic status and rights. These Han Chinese infiltrators were said to be good military troops and their skills at marching and archery were up to par so that the Zhapu lieutenant general couldn't differentiate them from true Manchus in terms of military skills. Manchu Banners contained a lot of "false Manchus" who were from Han Chinese civilian families but were adopted by Manchu bannermen after the Yongzheng reign. The Jingkou and Jiangning Mongol banners and Manchu Banners had 1,795 adopted Han Chinese and the Beijing Mongol Banners and Manchu Banners had 2,400 adopted Han Chinese in statistics taken from the 1821 census. Despite Qing attempts to differentiate adopted Han Chinese from normal Manchu bannermen the differences between them became hazy. These adopted Han Chinese bondservants who managed to get themselves onto Manchu banner roles were called kaihu ren (開戶人) in Chinese and dangse faksalaha urse in Manchu. Normal Manchus were called jingkini Manjusa.

Paragraph 28: Lionel Messi is the only player to win the award six times, all with Barcelona. He also holds the all-time record for goals in a single season with 50 in 2011–12, which accumulated to a record 100 points. Bayern Munich's Gerd Müller was the first player to win the award twice, in 1969–70 and 1971–72. Messi was the first player to win the award three times, and Messi again was the first and so far only player to win it five and six times. Only Messi (2016–17, 2017–18 and 2018–19) has won the award in three consecutive seasons. Thierry Henry (2003–04 and 2004–05), Messi (2011–12 and 2012–13; 2016–17, 2017–18 and 2018–19), Cristiano Ronaldo (2013–14 and 2014–15), Robert Lewandowski (2020–21 and 2021–22) and Ally McCoist (1991–92 and 1992–93) have won the award in consecutive seasons. Diego Forlán (Villarreal and Atlético Madrid), Luis Suárez (Liverpool and Barcelona), Mário Jardel (Porto and Sporting CP) and Ronaldo (Manchester United and Real Madrid) are the only players to have won the award with multiple clubs. Ronaldo and Suárez are the only players to win the award in two different leagues, with each having won the award while playing in both the Premier League and La Liga.

Paragraph 29: Observers have said that facts of the case simply do not support the conclusions of the report nor is the report an official report of the committee. They say that the Discovery Institute is using the report to portray Sternberg specifically, and design proponents in general, as victims of persecution. They also say the Souder report is a repackaging of the Office of Special Council's previous findings from August 2005 and contains nothing new, consisting of "the OSC findings restated and used as a form of evidence in and of themselves" and attacks the Smithsonian for "not accepting the OSC's findings at face value." They cite as evidence of a biased motive behind the report the longstanding connections of the report's instigators, Congressmen Souder and Santorum, to the Discovery Institute, whose Program Director is Stephen C. Meyer, author of the paper Sternberg published.  In 2000 Souder co-hosted a congressional briefing on behalf of the Discovery Institute intended to drum up political support for intelligent design and read a defense of intelligent design prepared by the Discovery Institute into the congressional record. Santorum worked with the Discovery Institute's program director Phillip E. Johnson in 2000 and 2001 drafting the pro-intelligent design Santorum Amendment and in March 2006 wrote the foreword for the book, Darwin's Nemesis: Phillip Johnson And the Intelligent Design Movement a collection of essays largely by Discovery Institute fellows honoring Johnson as "father" of the intelligent design movement. Contained in the appendix to the Souder report is a letter from the director of the Smithsonian where it is revealed that Sternberg demanded that they give him a $300,000 grant to make up for his allegedly lost research time; he was turned down. Sternberg's appointment as a Smithsonian Institution research associate was from January 2004 through January 2007.  Research associates are not employees of the Museum and appointments are typically awarded for up to three years.

Paragraph 30: Kramer was promoted to the rank of Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in 1942 and, in May 1944, was transferred to become the Lagerführer (camp commander) in charge of operations at Auschwitz II-Birkenau, the main centre used to kill inmates within the Auschwitz concentration camp complex, from 8 May 1944 to 25 November 1944. He was brought to Auschwitz to manage the gassings of new transports in May 1944, according to the Prosecution Judge Advocate at the War Crimes tribunal that convicted him of being responsible for the deaths committed at Auschwitz. There were a number of witnesses who said that he took an active part in the selection parades in that, for instance, he loaded people into the trucks and beat them when they resisted.