Paragraph 1: In October 1916, III and IX Torpedo Boat Flotillas were ordered to reinforce the German naval forces based in Flanders, in order to disrupt the Dover Barrage, a series of anti submarine minefields and nets that attempted to stop U-boats from operating in the English Channel, and to directly attack cross-Channel shipping. The twenty torpedo boats of the two flotillas, including S34, still part of the 18th Half Flotilla of IX Flotilla, left Wilhelmshaven on 23 October, reaching Belgium the next day. IX Flotilla took part in a large scale raid into the English Channel on the night of 26/27 October 1916, and was assigned the role of attacking Allied shipping while other torpedo boats went after the Dover Barrage, with the 18th Half Flotilla, including S34, to operate off Calais. The 18th Half Flotilla successfully passed through the British defences of the Dover Straits, despite twice encountering British warships on the journey through the barrage. Four British destroyers on passage to Dunkirk were spotted, but failed to see the German ships, while the old destroyer  spotted the 18th Half Flotilla and challenged them, but the Germans repeated Flirts signal and continued on course, with Flirt mistaking the ships for the Laforey division and not engaging or reporting the ships. The 18th Half Flotilla did not encounter any of the hoped for merchant ships, but on its return journey clashed with three British destroyers which attempted to pursue, but lost contact after German fire caused Mohawks rudder to jam.  Other German units sank several drifters that were part of the Dover Barrage together with Flirt (which was attempting to rescue the crews of the drifters) and the merchant ship , and badly damaged the destroyer . IX Flotilla continued to operate from Flanders, attacking shipping off the coast of the Netherlands on 1 November. On the night of 23/24 November, S34 was one of 13 torpedo boats that took part in an attempt to attack shipping in the Downs. While they clashed briefly with patrolling drifters, they found none of the shipping anchored on the Downs. On the night of 26/27 November, IX Flotilla sortied again, stopping the Dutch merchant ship Beijerland and taking her pilot prisoner, and sinking the naval trawler . On the return journey to Zeebrugge, S34 collided with the torpedo boat . Both torpedo boats were badly damaged and were under repair until the end of the year before returning to Germany.

Paragraph 2: In 2018, Wright produced the HBO documentary We Are Not Done Yet, which gives voice to war veterans who, through a USO-sponsored arts workshop at Walter Reed National Military Hospital, discover the power and healing of shared experience to unite and find resilience in the face of post-traumatic stress. That same year, Wright starred in HBO's O.G., a film about a man confronting his past crime and preparing to leave prison after decades behind bars. The film was directed by Madeleine Sackler, and was filmed entirely in Pendleton Correctional Facility near Indianapolis, Indiana. The film was shot in a working prison and many prisoners and staff were recruited as actors for the film, including Wright's co-star, Theotus Carter, who plays Beecher, a younger prisoner that Louis, (Wright's character) takes under his wing, which threatens Louis' release date. During shooting Wright was sometimes mistaken for a prisoner by other real prisoners and guards. The film debuted on HBO on February 25, 2019.  Nick Paumgarten of The New Yorker said, "The performances are exceptionally strong, both by the free-to-leave professional actors (especially Jeffrey Wright, who plays Louis, the 'O.G.' of the title, an older inmate on the verge of release) and by the incarcerated neophytes."  Ben Kenigsberg of The New York Times said, "Jeffrey Wright gives a rich, imposing performance as the former 'mayor' of Pendleton Correctional Facility."

Paragraph 3: Morocco became a highly repressive country under the absolute monarchy of King Hassan II, and continues to be considered repressive under the reign of King Mohammed VI, though the latter has instituted some reforms. Dozens of journalists, artists, and ordinary citizens are regularly sentenced to lengthy prison sentences for exercising basic rights enjoyed elsewhere in the world, such as freedom of the press, protesting the government, or criticizing government officials. Morocco heavily restricts basic human rights, such as freedom of speech, the right to assembly, and the right to criticize officials. Moroccans also feel the pressures of inflation within the country, such as the lack of basic services like healthcare, clean water, and the difficulty of parents to access a quality education for their children. While there have been a handful of reforms that have been generally welcomed internationally, most Moroccans feel this is insufficient, and continue to be unhappy with the trajectory of the country under the policies of King Mohammed VI, despite his transition of the government to an ostensible constitutional monarchy. Under his father, King Hassan II, Morocco had one of the worst human rights records in Africa and the world, especially during the time period known as the "Years Of Lead", which lasted from the early 1960s until the late 1980s; it was a period in the country's history that was known for the brutal repression of political dissent and opposition, that involved wide-scale arrests, arbitrary detention, lengthy imprisonment, and even killings of political opponents. Currently, Morocco continues to face some of these issues, as well as other human rights problems, such as poor prison conditions, the mistreatment of women and the LGBT community, and the widespread use of torture by police. Despite the considerable improvements made in the last several years under the  leadership of King Mohammed VI, who has rolled back some of his father's harshest decrees, repression of political dissidence, and torture of citizens by officials, is still commonplace in Morocco today.

Paragraph 4: The nickname was revived in 1985 by the Chicago Bears' dominant defense. The team used the "46 defense" to generate immense pressure on opposing offenses and devastate quarterbacks. The 1985 Bears were notorious for knocking opposing quarterbacks out games with injuries. Former Washington Redskins quarterback Joe Theismann reflected on playing against the Bears in a 45–10 loss that season, commenting "Their intention was to take us out. If you had that kind of physical talent and a scheme that allowed you to take shots at the quarterback, if you didn't take us out legally, you'd be crazy." The 1985 Bears' defense, which was spearheaded by future Pro Football Hall of Famers Mike Singletary, Richard Dent, and Dan Hampton, allowed the fewest points and yards that season. The team cruised to a 15–1 regular season record, followed by back-to-back shutouts of the New York Giants and Los Angeles Rams in the playoffs. The season culminated with a 46–10 victory over the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XX. The 1985 Bears are regarded as one of the greatest teams in NFL history. The Monsters of the Midway moniker remained as no other team won more combined games than the Bears between 1984 and 1988.

Paragraph 5: In 2003, Júlio César become embroiled in a controversy during the loss to Fluminense. With Flamengo already trailing 4–0, César, after making a save, dropped the ball on the ground and begun playing with the feet, dribbling several players until the ball was taken by Zé Carlos. This attitude was heavily criticized by then coach of the team, Evaristo de Macedo, who called him an "idiot". According to César, he did this because he was desperate and was feeling helpless, stating: "Fluminense was giving us the runaround and I wanted to help my teammates, who were going through a difficult situation. I overdid it because I was sad and hurt, but I already apologized on Saturday."

Paragraph 6: In Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU) in 2007, Martinez began teaming with Angel Orsini. In March 2008, they began feuding that culminated in many grueling matches throughout 2008 into 2009, including a Steel Cage on January 10, 2009; 2 months later, Martinez defeated Orsini in a Bullrope match on March 7, 2009 at the Second Anniversary Show in Boonton, New Jersey to win the WSU Championship, ending Orsini's record reign of just over nine months. They had one more match that rewrote the record books in a 60-minute Iron Woman Match on June 6, 2009 in Boonton, New Jersey, that went a total of 70 minutes including going 10 minutes into sudden death and resulted in Mercedes getting the pin after a fisherwoman's buster and retaining the title. Martinez would continue to defend the title against the likes of Nikki Roxx, Awesome Kong, Rain, and Portia Perez. Along the way, Martinez and Orsini briefly captured the WSU Tag Team Championships. Martinez continued her WSU Championship title reign by defending against more challengers including Alicia, Amber O'Neal, Mickie James, and Jazz throughout 2009–2010. In January 2011, Martinez defeated Angel Orsini again in a ladder match to unify her title with Orsini's All Guts No Glory championship. Martinez then successfully defended her championship against Serena Deeb in the main event of WSU's 4 year anniversary show and also defeated Brittney Savage at WSU's Uncensored Rumble event. In August 2011, Mercedes put her title on the line against Uncensored Rumble winner, Lexxus in a match that would become the longest women's wrestling match in history as the match continued past the 60 minute time limit until Martinez was able to get the win after 73 minutes, breaking the record of the Orsini match by three minutes. Martinez then became involved in a violent rivalry with Jessicka Havok that culminated in Havok putting an end to Martinez's unprecedented three year title reign at the WSU 5th Anniversary Show.

Paragraph 7: In The King of Fighters, Kim is considered as both a sport and national hero in his native Korea. This status is what enabled him to convince the authorities to give him custody over Chang Koehan and Choi Bounge to rehabilitate them out of their criminal ways. Although both men resent Kim for his actions, they later grow up to grudgingly respect him. Due to the increase of required members in The King of Fighters '99, Kim's rival, Jhun Hoon, joins the Korea Team. However, in The King of Fighters 2001, Jhun has an accident and he is replaced by Kim's student, May Lee. By The King of Fighters 2003, the requirements of members return to three and this time the members of the Korea Team are Kim, Jhun and Chang. In The King of Fighters XI, Kim appears as a member of the Fatal Fury Team along with Terry Bogard and Duck King as the team needed one more member. In The King of Fighters XII, Kim is a playable character, but like each of them, he does not have a team. As The King of Fighters XIII has returned to assigning the characters into official teams, Kim is cast as the leader of his team, composing of himself, Raiden and Hwa Jai (both from Fatal Fury: King of Fighters). He is teamed with the men because, after "rehabilitating" Chang and Choi, he seeks out Raiden and Hwa Jai believing they are still working for Geese (they are not but they pretend that they still do so they can compete in The King of Fighters tournament). The games from the series which do not contain plot, The King of Fighters '98 and The King of Fighters 2002, also feature Kim along with Choi and Chang in the Korea Team. In the console version of The King of Fighters Neowave, Kim appears as a hidden character without an official team.

Paragraph 8: Although the period from 1837 to 1864 in the US is often referred to as the Free Banking Era, the term is a misnomer in terms of the definition of "free banking" above. Free Banking in the United States before the Civil War refers to various state banking systems based on what were called at the time "free banking" laws. These laws made it necessary for new entrants to secure charters, each of which was subject to a vote by the state legislature with obvious opportunities for corruption. These general banking laws also restricted banks' activities in important ways. Most importantly, US free banks could have only one office and had to provide security for their notes by gold reserves but also by purchasing and surrendering to state banking authorities certain securities the state law deemed acceptable for the purpose. The securities generally included bonds of state governments. The depreciation of these bonds was the chief cause of free bank failures in various episodes when many banks in a state failed. The lack of branch banking, in turn, caused state-issued banknotes to be discounted at varying rates once they had traveled any considerable distance from their sources, which was an inconvenience. Depreciation of assets more generally is also used to explain failures. Several authors attribute the high-rate of bank failures during the Free Banking era in the US ultimately to restrictions on banks' portfolios of assets. For reviews of the literature, see  and  Then, from 1863 to 1913, known as the National Banks Era, state-chartered banks were operating under a free banking system. Some scholars have found that the system was mostly stable compared to National Banks of that era.

Paragraph 9: Acacia was incorporated in California in 1993 and is based in New York City. The company was consisted of two divisions: Acacia Technologies and CombiMatrix Group. The former covers the development, acquisition, licensing and enforcement of patented technologies. It creates a subsidiary company that acts as a special purpose entity for each set of patents that it enforces. The patent owner assigns the infringed patents to the subsidiary and the subsidiary then licenses the patents to companies who are infringing. Acacia and the patent owner split any revenues generated from licensing the patents on a 50/50 basis. Acacia's second division, CombiMatrix, constituted its life sciences business. This division, which Acacia held from 2002 until 2007, operated as a subsidiary. Invitae acquired CombiMatrix in 2017. 

Paragraph 10: The girls' basketball team, led since 1972 by New Jersey's winningest girls' basketball coach, Jeff Jasper, has won 30 consecutive league titles (1979 through 2008), and seven county championships to go along with multiple state titles. The girls' basketball team won the Group III state championship in 1981 (vs. Camden Catholic High School), 1982 (vs. North Hunterdon High School), 1989 (vs. Mainland Regional High School) and 2017 (vs. Ocean City High School), and the Group II title in 2005 (vs. Rumson-Fair Haven High School), 2008 (vs. Rumson-Fair Haven) and 2017 (vs. Ocean City). The program's six state titles are tied for seventh-most in the state. The 1981 team became the first girls team to finish the season with victories after defeating Camden Catholic by a score of 58–52 in the Group II final. In 2008, Pascack Valley won the Group II state title with a 58–52 win against Rumson-Fair Haven, qualifying for the state Tournament of Champions, and giving Jasper the 800th coaching victory. Jasper was inducted by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association into its Bollinger High School Hall of Fame in 2006. The 2010 girls' basketball team was NBIL champions and won the North I, Group III state sectional title, defeating top-seed Teaneck High School 51–47. Jasper earned his 900th win in January 2013, joining Bob Hurley as the only other coach in state history to reach that mark. On January 11, 2018, Jasper earned his 1,000th career coaching victory with a 73–25 win against Northern Highlands Regional High School, becoming the first girls basketball coach in New Jersey to reach this milestone, joining Hurley again as the only other high school basketball coach in New Jersey with 1,000 or more wins.

Paragraph 11: HIV-1 most commonly uses the chemokine receptors CCR5 and/or CXCR4 as co-receptors to enter target immunological cells. These  receptors are located on the surface of host immune cells whereby they provide a method of entry for the HIV-1 virus to infect the cell. The HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein structure is essential in enabling the viral entry of HIV-1 into a target host cell. The envelope glycoprotein structure consists of two protein subunits cleaved from a Gp160 protein precursor encoded for by the HIV-1 env gene: the Gp120 external subunit and the Gp41 transmembrane subunit. This envelope glycoprotein structure is arranged into a spike-like structure located on the surface of the virion and consists of a trimer of Gp120-Gp41 hetero-dimers. The Gp120 envelope protein is a chemokine mimic. Though it lacks the unique structure of a chemokine, it is still capable of binding to the CCR5 and CXCR4 chemokine receptors. During HIV-1 infection, the Gp120 envelope glycoprotein subunit binds to a CD4 glycoprotein and a HIV-1 co-receptor expressed on a target cell, forming a heterotrimeric complex. The formation of this complex stimulates the release of a fusogenic peptide, causing the viral membrane to fuse with the membrane of the target host cell. Because binding to CD4 alone can sometimes result in gp120 shedding, gp120 must next bind to co-receptor CCR5 in order for fusion to proceed. The tyrosine-sulfated amino terminus of this co-receptor is the "essential determinant" of binding to the gp120 glycoprotein.  The co-receptor also recognizes the V1-V2 region of gp120 and the bridging sheet (an antiparallel, 4-stranded β sheet that connects the inner and outer domains of gp120). The V1-V2 stem can influence "co-receptor usage through its peptide composition as well as by the degree of N-linked glycosylation." Unlike V1-V2 however, the V3 loop is highly variable and thus is the most important determinant of co-receptor specificity. The normal ligands for this receptor, RANTES, MIP-1β, and MIP-1α, are able to suppress HIV-1 infection in vitro. In individuals infected with HIV, CCR5-using viruses are the predominant species isolated during the early stages of viral infection, suggesting that these viruses may have a selective advantage during transmission or the acute phase of disease. Moreover, at least half of all infected individuals harbor only CCR5-using viruses throughout the course of infection.

Paragraph 12:  "It is, as far as I can see, an unpleasant fact that we cannot avoid decision-making. We are not absolved by following the dictates of a mentor or of a majority. For we then have made the decision to do that — have concluded because of belief or of fear or of apathy that this is the thing which we should do or cannot avoid doing. And then we share in the consequences of any such action. Are we doing more than trying to hide our nakedness with a fig leaf when we take the view expressed by a friend who belonged to a fundamental religious sect? At the time he wore the uniform of the United States Marines. 'I'm not helping to murder,' he said. 'I'm carrying out the orders of my government, and the sin is not mine.' I could never tell whether there was a bitter smile playing around his lips or if he was quite earnest. It is a rationalization commonly held and defended. It is a comforting presumption, but it still appears to me that, while the seat of government is in Washington, the seat of conscience is in me. It cannot be voted out of office by one or a million others."

Paragraph 13: On 17 August 1970, the North Vietnamese National Assembly Chairman Truong Chinh reprinted an article in Vietnamese in Nhan Dan, published in Hanoi titled "Policy of the Japanese Pirates Towards Our People" which was a reprint of his original article written in August 1945 in No 3 of the "Communist Magazine" (Tap Chi Cong San) with the same title, describing Japanese atrocities like looting, slaughter and rape against the people of north Vietnam in 1945. He denounced the Japanese claims to have liberated Vietnam from France with the Greater East Asia Co-prosperity Sphere announced by Tojo and mentioned how the Japanese looted shrines, temples, eggs, vegetables, straw, rice, chickens, hogs and cattle for their horses and soldiers and built military stations and airstrips after stealing land and taking boats, vehicles, homes and destroying cotton fields and vegetable fields for peanut and jute cultivation in Annam and Tonkin. Japan replaced the French government on 9 March 1945 and started openly looting the Vietnamese even more in addition to taking French owned properties and stole watches, pencils, bicycles, money and clothing in Bac Giang and Bac Can. The Japanese tried to play the Vietnamese against the French and play the Laotians against the Vietnamese by inciting Lao people to killed Vietnamese as Lao murdered 7 Vietnamese officials in Luang Prabang and Lao youths were recruited to an anti-Vietnam organization by the Japanese when they took over Luang Prabang. The Japanese spread false rumours that the French were massacring Vietnamese at the time to distract the Vietnamese from Japanese atrocities. The Japanese created groups to counter the Viet Minh Communists like Vietnam Pao ve doan (Vietnam protection group) and Vietnam Ai quoc doan (Vietnam Patriotic Group to force Vietnamese into coolie labour, take taxes and rice and arrested ant-Japanese Vietnamese with their puppet government run by Tran Trong Kim. The Viet Minh rejected the Japanese demands to cease fighting and support Japan, so the Japanese implemented the Three Alls policy (San Kuang) against the Vietnamese, pillaging, burning, killing, looting, and raping Vietnamese women. The Vietnamese called the Japanese "dwarfed monsters" (Wa (Japan)) and the Japanese committed these atrocities in Thai Nguyen province at Dinh Hoa, Vo Nhai and Hung Son. The Japanese attacked the Vietnamese while masquerading as Viet Minh and used terror and deception. The Japanese created the puppet Vietnam Phuc quoc quan (Vietnam restoration army). and tried to disrupt the Viet Minh's redistribution and confiscation of property of pro-Japanese Vietnamese traitors by disguising themselves as Viet Minh and then attacking people who took letters from them and organizing anti-French rallies and Trung sisters celebrations. Japanese soldiers tried to infiltrate Viet Minh bases with Viet Minh flags and brown trousers during their fighting. The Japanese murdered, plundered and raped Vietnamese and beheaded Vietnamese who stole bread and corn while they were starving according to their martial law. They shot a Vietnamese pharmacy student to death outside of his own house when he was coming home from guard duty at a hospital after midnight in Hanoi and also shot a defendant for a political case in the same city. In Thai Nguyen province, Vo Nhai, a Vietnamese boat builder was thrown in a river and had his stomach stabbed by the Japanese under suspicion of helping Viet Minh guerillas. The Japanese slit the abdomen and hung the Dai Tu mayor upside down in Thai Nguyen as well. The Japanese also beat thousands of people in Hanoi for not cooperating. Japanese officers ordered their soldiers to behead and burn Vietnamese. Some claimed that Taiwanese and Manchurian soldiers in the Japanese army were participating in the atrocities against the Vietnamese but Truong Chinh said that even if it was true Taiwanese and Manchurian soldiers were committing the rapes and killing, their Japanese officers were the ones giving the orders and participating along with them. Truong Chinh said that the Japanese wanted to plunder Asians for their own market and take it from the United States and Great Britain and were imperialists with no intent on liberating Vietnam.

Paragraph 14: It is associated now with Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) through USA Cycling which it joined in 1997. USA Cycling is the sanctioning body that represents virtually all aspects of Cycling in the United States. It is in turn associated with the UCI which is the sanctioning body that governs international Cycling. The UCI, in turn, is the governing body that deals with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) that holds the Olympic Games. The UCI did have previous affiliations with the NBL through the now defunct NBL sister international organization the International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF) which the UCI absorbed in 1993 through its amateur Cycling governing body FIAC. In both cases, NBL members were able to participate in the UCI BMX World Championship that the UCI inherited from the IBMXF. However, it was the NBL joining USA Cycling that was the key to BMX being accepted by the IOC as part of the Olympic Summer Games. It was not necessary for the NBL to join USA Cycling for BMX to be part of the Olympic Games, but since it was in the United States that BMX started and most of the best racers are American, it was critical for the USA to have a representative body involved. The NBL was chosen by USA Cycling in part because of its history of being involved with BMX at the international level and it is being a non-profit organization, unlike the ABA. BMX had trouble becoming an Olympic sport in the past, particularly before the 1990s was in part because of the then in place rules against professionals in the Games. However, the professionals (especially the Americans), were the best in the sport and to leave them out of the competition would not be showcasing the best. Much more importantly, this was the realization in other sports which has led to the elimination of the bar against professionals in the Olympic Games in all sports in the 1990s.

Paragraph 15: A divisional patent application, also called divisional application or simply divisional, is a type of patent application that contains subject-matter from a previously filed application, the previously filed application being its parent application. While a divisional application is filed later than the parent application, it retains its parent's filing date, and will generally claim the same priority. Divisional applications are generally used in cases where the parent application may lack unity of invention; that is, the parent application describes more than one invention and the applicant is required to split the parent into one or more divisional applications each claiming only a single invention.  The ability to file divisional applications in cases of lack of unity of invention is required by Article 4G of the Paris Convention.

Paragraph 16: As US 98 breaks away from US 19 at the corner of the Publix in Chassahowitzka, it joins hidden State Road 700, which is momentarily overlapped with County Road 480 before that county road makes a left turn to the northeast towards Floral City. A large portion of this segment of US 98 is a four-lane divided highway though the Citrus-Hernando County Line. After crossing the county line, it meets the current terminus of the Suncoast Parkway, as well as the accompanying Suncoast Trail. The divided section ends between the World Woods Golf Club and the entrance to a Hernando County Landfill. At that point, the road becomes a two-lane undivided highway and runs through Northern Hernando County mining country. Along the way it intersects two county roads at blinker lights. The first is at Deschamps Corner called County Road 491(Citrus Way), a bi-county road spanning north and south from CR 484 north of Spring Hill to Lecanto, Beverly Hills,  Holder, and Stokes Ferry in Citrus County. The next is County Road 476(Lake Lindsey Road), another bi-county road spanning east and west from US 19 north of Weeki Wachee through Bushnell, Florida in Sumter County. Southeast of that intersection, it also crosses a former railroad mining spur leading to the CSX Brooksville Subdivision. Just east of a pair of truck weigh stations is the northern terminus of County Road 485, which serves as the beginning of US Truck Route 98. After moving over some steep hills and passing a branch of the Pasco-Hernando Community College as well as a Florida State Trooper police station, US 98 briefly becomes a four-lane divided highway again at Yontz Boulevard, only to resume its status as a two-lane road as it enters the City of Brooksville. There, the road passes by some local industry, including the garage for Hernando ParaTransit and the county bus system, and then faces an un-gated at-grade crossing with the CSX Brooksville Subdivision. Just before the intersection of West Jefferson Avenue (SR 50A), US 98 has a divide that cuts off the intersection of Fort Dade Avenue (County Road 484). The route then turns east and joins SR 50A in a concurrency, while SR 700 continues south along Ponce De Leon Boulevard. Shortly after this new concurrency, it makes a right along North Mildred Avenue, for eastbound traffic only, and both merge with US 41. Between North Mildred Avenue and May Avenue, eastbound SR 50A, US 41, and US 98 are concurrent along Broad Street, while westbound SR 50A, US 41, and US 98 are concurrent along East Jefferson Avenue, then West Jefferson Avenue. US 41 reunites with Broad Street at North Mildred Avenue. This one-way configuration for Broad Street and Jefferson Street has been in effect since November 1993, according to the Florida Department of Transportation. While both segments go up and down steep hills in the heart of the city, the Broad Street (eastbound) section runs over an old railroad bridge over the CSX Brooksville Subdivision, built in 1936.

Paragraph 17: Royal Rangers is an adventure-based, merit-driven, faith-based, church ministry and mentoring program for boys in grades K-12, providing “Christlike character formation and servant leadership development for boys and young men in a highly relational and fun environment". The Royal Rangers program is active throughout the United States as well as in over 90 other nations; consequently, in 2002, 'Royal Rangers International' (RRI) was started. Royal Rangers in the USA is a boys-only program, unless the church does not have a girls ministry program; programs in some other nations allow both boys and girls to participate. The uniforms, mottos, practices and operation are derived from the Boy Scouts.

Paragraph 18: Anime Evolution was originally known as Anime Showcase, and was held in 1998 by the SFU ARC club. It was a two-day showing of anime that was supposed to be held annually, with the help of the Vancouver Japanese Animation Society, the University of British Columbia Anime Club, and V-SWAT. In 2001 it was renamed Anime Evolution and in 2003 became a full anime convention. It has grown each year since 1999, and had attendance of over 4,200 people in 2007. In 2008, due to booking issues, it was held at the University of British Columbia (UBC), Vancouver, B.C., rather than its past location at Simon Fraser University (SFU), Burnaby, B.C. In 2010, AE Convention Corp faced a lawsuit enforced by the Canadian Tax Revenue Agency after fraudulent financial statements arose about the convention. Causing the convention to be momentarily defunct. After the lawsuit ended in 2011, Anime Evolution 2011 was cancelled, and future AE Convention Corp sponsored conventions were put on hiatus. Anime Evolution returned in 2012 under the same team but was renamed as the Vancouver Anime Convention Society and ran as a shortened, 2-day version of the convention in November, dubbed Anime Evolution: Akimatsuri.  In 2013, Anime Evolution returned to the 3-day summer event format, celebrating its 10th anniversary. In 2014, Anime Evolution teamed up with Cos & Effect and Vancouver Gaming Expo to create Northwest Fan Fest. In 2015, Anime Evolution split from Northwest Fan Fest to once again function as a stand-alone 3-day convention, in addition to their spring event Harumatsuri (previous JFest), and their fall/winter event Akimatsuri. In 2017, Anime Evolution announced that their summer event would only be a 1-day event. On June 26, 2018, they announced on their Facebook Page that the summer convention would not be occurring that year. Since 2017, Anime Evolution has yet to re-run their main summer event.

Paragraph 19: Additionally, South Korea's endeavor to develop arms domestically has been mired with defects or lackluster results in many of its defense products. In 2010, 38 engines of 500 K9 Thunders have been damaged from faulty maintenance due to the usage of cheap antifreeze. The artillery's performance during the Bombardment of Yeonpyeong has been described as "disappointing" due to three of the six K9s being unable to fire back. The K21 IFV was redesigned following two incidents of it sinking during amphibious operations; one of the incident killed a soldier. The defects were revealed to be caused by a lack of buoyancy, malfunctioning of wave-plate, and problems with the drain pump. The K11 assault rifle has been found to be defective. This problem and cost overruns would continue until 2019, when the government recommended cancelling the K11 project entirely. In particular, South Korea has long struggled to develop domestic engines and transmission systems for its K2 tanks. The first batch of K2s (100 tanks) were originally meant to use a powerpack that uses a domestic engine and transmission system developed by Doosan Infracore and S&T Dynamics. However, reliability and durability problems in both components forced South Korea to import German powerpacks using MTU engines and Renk transmissions. This in turn delayed the K2's deployment until December 2013 in an attempt to fix the domestic powerpack, and then to March 2014 to ensure that the German powerpacks works. By the time of the second batch of K2s (106 tanks) the domestic engine has been produced. Unfortunately, South Korea's efforts to develop the domestic transmission system continued to struggle as it failed durability tests six times. As a result, the production of the second batch of K2s, which originally was to start in 2014, was delayed to 2018 with deployment occurring between 2019 and 2020. On 7 February 2018, DAPA announced it would continue to adopt the German Renk transmission system; effectively making the second batch of K2s operate on a hybrid powerpack consisting of South Korean made engine and German transmission. Although in mid-2020 DAPA announced its commitment to developing the local transmission system for the third batch of K2s (54 tanks), on 25 November, DAPA decided to continue to use the German Renk transmission system as the local transmission failed the durability test again. By the time of the 25 November announcement, South Korea has struggled to develop the domestic transmission system for 15 years. The third batch of K2s will follow the second batch in using the hybrid powerpack.

Paragraph 20: Though sometimes he breaks the traditional conventions of the genre, Neutzsky-Wulff sees himself as an author of science fiction. He emphasizes the genre as the most prominent stage of artistic interpretations of the mythology of our time. Anno Domini (1975) tells the story of an astronaut on a strange planet, experiencing a macrohistorical version of the evolution of humankind. In Gud <8> (1976), the classical form of science fiction itself, is challenged: A group of people are, by means of an alien vessel, heading towards the planet of God. With Den 33. marts <9> (1977), the plot is altered from outer to "inner space", a platform resembling that of an American author of science fiction, Philip K. Dick. A person living in the 1970s Copenhagen discovers effects of society as mere stage equipment. Library books are empty and he is trapped within city borders. In a sanitarium, this person "hallucinates" about another world where he features as an awaited Messiah. Havet <10> (1978) is, like Anno Domini and Gud, a novel about space travel. The supernatural setting pivots around the cards of Tarok. In Menneske <11> (1982), a computer independently achieves consciousness and decides to find out what existence as a human being is like. Consequently, it embarks on a Stone Age odyssey, following the history of man, ending in a parody of the 1970s of Denmark.

Paragraph 21: During the civil war between Pompey and Julius Caesar, G. Considius Longus secured Hadrumetum for the Optimates with forces equivalent to two legions. Despite being reinforced by Gn. Calpurnius Piso's Berber cavalry and footmen from Clupea, however, he was obliged to allow Caesar to land nearby on 28 December 47BC. According to Suetonius, this landing was the occasion of the famously deft recovery, when Caesar tripped while coming ashore but dealt with the poor omen by grabbing handfuls of dirt and proclaiming "I have you now, Africa!" () Caesar's attempts to negotiate with Longus were rejected but the campaign subsequently led to his victory over Metellus Scipio and Juba at Thapsus, after which Longus was killed by his own men for the money he was carrying and the town went over to Caesar.

Paragraph 22: On January 25, 2009, Toujyuki Leon was finally able to defeat Kaori Yoneyama in a singles match, pinning her with the Captured Buster. On February 8, Toujyuki Leon and new tag team partner Arisa Nakajima defeated Kazuki and Sachie Abe to become the number one contenders to the Daily Sports Women's and JWP Tag Team Championships. They would receive their shot at the titles on February 21, but were defeated by Keito and Yumiko Hotta. On April 19, Toujyuki Leon defeated visiting freelancer Ayumi Kurihara in a high-profile singles match. On September 6, Toujyuki Leon and Kaori Yoneyama faced each other in yet another singles match, this time to determine the number one contender to the JWP Openweight Championship. Yoneyama would go on to win the match, avenging her loss the previous January. The following month, Toujyuki Leon got involved in a storyline, where she aligned herself with other JWP wrestlers to defend the promotion against members of the NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling-based Passion Red stable. One notable match in the storyline saw Toujyuki Leon defeat Passion Ray in a singles match on December 13 at JWP-Climax 2009. On January 10, 2010, Toujyuki Leon announced that she was shortening her ring name to just Leon, before defeating Passion Hotty in a singles match. On June 13, Leon wrestled her tenth anniversary match, where she and Kaori Yoneyama defeated Aja Kong and Akino. On September 26, Leon formed the Shishi no Ana ("Lion's Hole") stable with Basara and Misaki Ohata. On October 27, Leon represented JWP in Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling's Joshi Puroresu Dantai Taikou Flash tournament, a single-elimination tournament, where different joshi promotions battled each other. In their first round match, Team JWP, which also included Command Bolshoi, Hanako Nakamori, Kaori Yoneyama and Kayoko Haruyama, defeated Team Pro Wrestling Wave, which included Gami, Moeka Haruhi, Shuu Shibutani, Toshie Uematsu and Yumi Ohka. The semifinals of the tournament were contested in six woman tag team formats, which led to Leon being sidelined from the match, where JWP representatives Kayako Haruyama, Nana Kawasa and Tsubasa Kuragaki were eliminated by Team Sendai Girls' Hiren, Kagetsu and Meiko Satomura. On November 27, Leon took part in an independent event produced by Passion Red, where she defeated Natsuki☆Taiyo to win the NEO High Speed Championship, her first title in four years. When NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling folded the following month, the title was renamed the High Speed Championship.

Paragraph 23: Immediately after the start of the German invasion of the Soviet Union, Arkhipenko entered combat on the front lines of the Second World War with the rest of his regiment. On 15 October 1941 he made a dangerous landing on German-controlled territory to save a fellow pilot who had been shot down; however, during the landing, he broke the landing gear, forcing the two of them to make their way through the front lines to return to their regiment. For four days they hiked through enemy territory, and it wasn't until the end of the month that they made it back to their regiment. Despite being a flight commander he did not gain his first aerial victory until mid 1942 when he shared in the downing of a Dornier Do 215 on 28 June 1942 while flying a LaGG-3; it was not until after shooting down a Bf 109 on 8 August that year that he gained his first solo shootdown. Later in November he gained another shared kill of a Do 215, but the next month he was transferred to the 508th Fighter Aviation Regiment. Initially posted as a deputy squadron commander, he added several additional shootdowns to his tally and eventually gained a promotion to squadron commander before being reassigned to the 508th Fighter Aviation Regiment in October 1943. Earlier that year he had been wounded twice, first during an aerial battle in January and later in June during a bombing. Not long transferring to the 129th Guards Fighter Aviation Regiment in October 1943 as a squadron commander, he went on to rapidly increase his tally of shootdowns throughout 1944, having switched to flying the P-39 Airacobra. His last shootdown in the war and only shootdown in 1945 was a Fw 190 and took place on 17 January 1945 on the outskirts of Częstochowa. During the war he participated the battles of Kovel, Lutsk, Kiev, Kursk, Belgorod, Stalingrad, Kharkhov, the Dnieper, Kirovgrad, Yassko-Kishinev, Lvov-Sandomierz, and Silesia. By the end of the war he reached the rank of major and had been promoted to the position of deputy commander of the air rifle service within his unit; his tally stood at 28 solo and 15 shared shootdowns gained over the course of 467 sorties flown on I-153, LaGG-3, Yak-1, Yak-7B, and P-39 aircraft, engaging in 102 dogfights throughout the process. For his actions in the war he was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union on 27 June 1945.

Paragraph 24: Epstein made his Broadway debut in Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark as the alternate for lead role Peter Parker/Spider-Man. He joined the company on December 4, 2012, and performed Saturday and Sunday matinees, with his first show taking place on December 8 at the Foxwoods Theatre. Epstein referred to the role as a "childhood fantasy come true." He played his final performance on August 12, 2013, to begin rehearsing for a new musical titled Beautiful: The Carole King Musical, which opened on Broadway on January 12, 2014. This marked his second Broadway show in less than a year. The musical was based on Carole King's life, and Epstein portrayed her former husband Gerry Goffin. He noted that it was not easy playing the man who broke King's heart. Epstein said that "...it was tough, because Goffin was alive at the time. I was in touch with Carole King, who kept encouraging me, 'Do everything you can not to make him the villain.'" Beautiful had undergone major script changes and the version of Goffin that appeared in the final show was different from the part that Epstein had first auditioned for. Epstein said, "I'm trying to make his struggle clear, so people understand why he did the things he did. He's not just a villain. I hope people see it's more complicated than that." He remained with the cast until September 21, 2014.

Paragraph 25: The first organized football club in Western Canada was the Winnipeg Rugby Football Club which was founded in 1879. At the time the sport was generally called rugby or rugby football because its rules were similar to rugby union's, although this would change drastically in the coming decades. The first organized competition in the West was formed in 1888. Winnipeg Rugby Football Club, St.John's Rugby Football Club and the Royal School of Infantry / 90th Regiment formed the Manitoba Rugby League, later re-organized as the Manitoba Rugby Football Union. Football was being played in what was to become Alberta and Saskatchewan by 1890, and by 1907 the new provinces had organized their own respective competitions and agreed to adopt the rules of the national governing body, the Canadian Rugby Union.

Paragraph 26: After making two dark-match appearances under his real name in March 1989, Tenta joined the WWF full-time in September 1989. In his first match after signing on, a dark match on September 21, 1989, he portrayed a lumberjack character named Earthquake Evans that was billed as being from the "Northern Yukon Territory" who was managed by Slick, and defeated Paul Roma. Tenta then made his WWF television debut on the November 11, 1989, edition of WWF Superstars of Wrestling, where he was planted in the audience as a normal spectator at the taping held in Wheeling, West Virginia. During an in-ring interview with Gene Okerlund, Dino Bravo challenged The Ultimate Warrior to a strength competition. In order to demonstrate, Bravo and manager Jimmy Hart suggested that they pick a random audience member to come into the ring and sit on the backs of Bravo and the Ultimate Warrior as they did push-ups to see who could do the most. The Ultimate Warrior agreed, and Hart, after pretending to look around the audience, centered his attention on the very large Tenta who was sitting in the audience in casual clothing and appearing surprised. Tenta came down into the ring, identified himself as "John from West Virginia" and proceeded to sit on Bravo's back as he did a set of push-ups. During the Ultimate Warrior's set, however, Tenta leapt down onto the prone Ultimate Warrior using a seated senton that was adapted to be his signature move. Bravo and Tenta then beat and unleashed multiple big splashes on the prone Warrior. Both then celebrated as Tenta was inaugurated into the WWF as a heel with Hart as his manager. Tenta was pushed as The Canadian Earthquake – and by WrestleMania VI, simply Earthquake – an unstoppable monster heel who often sent his opponents out on a stretcher after repeatedly hitting them with his sitdown splash.

Paragraph 27: Born Hammersmith, London, Gayle started his career at Brentford in 1988, scoring 27 goals in 194 appearances for the Bees. He was loaned to KuPS in 1990, before becoming a regular player in the Brentford side under new manager Phil Holder in 1990–91, when the Bees qualified for the playoffs but lost to eventual promotion winners Tranmere Rovers in the semi finals. He played 33 games in the Third Division that season, scoring six goals. He was a key part in their Third Division title success for the 1991–92 season, scoring 6 goals in 38 games to give Brentford a place in the new First Division, as the old Second Division would be known from the start of the 1992–93 campaign due to the creation of the FA Premier League. The 1992–93 season looked as though it would be a successful one for the Bees, who entered the new year in 10th place and on the brink of the playoff zone, with all the talk at Griffin Park being about a second successive promotion and top division football for the first time since 1947. However, a collapse in the second half of the season saw the Bees relegated. Gayle initially remained loyal to the Bees, but on 24 March 1994 he linked up with his old Brentford striker partner Gary Blissett in a £250,000 move to Wimbledon, who were in the process of finishing a creditable sixth place in the Premier League. In May 2015, Gayle was inducted into the Brentford Hall of Fame.

Paragraph 28: Broadway Boogie Woogie is a painting by Piet Mondrian completed in 1943, after he had moved to New York in 1940. Compared to his earlier work, the canvas is divided into many more squares. Although he spent most of his career creating abstract work, this painting is inspired by clear real-world examples: the city grid of Manhattan, and boogie-woogie, an African-American Blues music Mondrian loved. The painting was bought by the Brazilian sculptor Maria Martins for the price of $800 at the Valentine Gallery in New York City, after Martins and Mondrian both exhibited there in 1943. Martins later donated the painting to the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.

Paragraph 29: BFC Dynamo recruited young midfielder Rainer Troppa from BSG Energie Cottbus for the 1976–77 season. BSG Energie Cottbus had been relegated to the DDR-Liga after the 1975–76 season. The only players from the team that had played against Dynamo Moscow in the semi-finals of the 1971-72 European Cup Winners' Cup that remained were Harald Schütze, Peter Rohde, Ralf Schulenberg, Frank Terletzki and Wolf-Rüdiger Netz. More young players from the youth department would also make their debut with the first team during the 1976–77 season. Local rival 1. Union Berlin was back in the DDR-Oberliga in the 1976–77 season after three seasons in the DDR-Liga. BFC Dynamo met 1. FC Union Berlin in the opening match of the 1976-77 DDR-Oberliga. 1. Union Berlin had become the focus of hooligan attention. All matches in the derby would now be played at the large Stadion der Weltjugend in Mitte for security reasons. BFC Dynamo was defeated 1-0 by 1. FC Union Berlin in front of 45,000 spectators at the Stadion der Weltjugend. The derby was attended by several high-ranking politicians such as Erich Honecker, Erich Mielke, Harry Tisch and Egon Krenz. BFC Dynamo was qualified for the 1976-77 UEFA Cup. The team was eliminated by FC Shakhtar Donetsk in the first round. Young goalkeeper Bodo Rudwaleit from the youth department made his debut for BFC Dynamo in the DDR-Oberliga in the eighth matchday against FC Carl-Zeiss Jena on 22 October 1976. BFC Dynamo was drawn against SG Dynamo Dresden in the Round of 16 of the 1976-77 FDGB Pokal. BFC Dynamo lost the first leg 1–4 away on 20 November 1976. Young forward Ralf Sträßer from the youth department made his debut for the first team of BFC Dynamo in the match, as a substitute for Rainer Wroblewski in the 70th minute. Sträßer then score the only goal for BFC Dynamo in the match. The return leg was played at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 27 November 1976. BFC Dynamo won the match 3–1, but was eliminated on goal difference. Sträßer then made his debut for BFC Dynamo in the DDR-Oberliga at home against FC Vorwärts Frankfurt in the 11th matchday on 2 December 1976. He would henceforth be used as a regular player during the season. BFC Dynamo defeated SG Dynamo Dresden 2–1 in the 13th matchday in front of 16,000 spectators at Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 18 December 1976. Wolf-Rüdiger Netz and Dietmar Labes scored one goal each. BFC Dynamo was in third place after the first half of the season. Ralf Schulenberg retired from his playing career for medical reasons after the first half of the season, at only 27-years-old. Reinhard Lauck was voted the 1976 BFC Footballer of the Year at the 11th edition of the club's traditional annual ball in Dynamo-Sporthalle at the beginning of the new year. BFC Dynamo also lost the return match against 1. FC Union Berlin 0–1 on the 14th matchday on 19 February 1977. However, it would come to be the last defeat to 1. FC Union Berlin in the DDR-Oberliga. BFC Dynamo defeatd F.C. Hansa Rostock 6–0 in the 16th matchday in front of 9,500 spectators at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 26 February 1977. Wolf-Rüdriger Netz scored a legendary hat-trick in the match, with three goals in the 63rd, 64th and 66th match minutes. BFC Dynamo finished the 1976-77 DDR-Oberliga in fourth place. Harald Schütze retired after the season.

Paragraph 30: Zhang Zai's metaphysics is largely based on the Classic of Changes. According to Zhang, all things of the world are composed of a primordial substance called qi (also spelled Chi). For Zhang, qi includes matter and the forces that govern interactions between matter, yin and yang. In its dispersed, rarefied state, qi is invisible and insubstantial, but when it condenses it becomes a solid or liquid and takes on new properties. All material things are composed of condensed qi: rocks, trees, even people. There is nothing that is not qi. Thus, in a real sense, everything has the same essence, an idea which has important ethical implications. The most significant contribution of Zhang Zai to Chinese philosophy is his concern of qi as the basis of his ontocosmology. The qi or vital force is, according to Zhang Zai, the fundamental substance by which all processes of the universe can be explained. First of all, according to Zhang Zai, the qi or vital force is something forever in the process of changing. Second, the perpetual change of the vital force follows a definite pattern of activity according to the two principles, the yin and yang. The changes undergone by qi result from the perpetual activity of the yin and yang principles. Zhang Zai's conclusion is that there is nothing in the universe that cannot be explained in terms of the interaction of the twofold activity of qi. Third, the change of anything from condensation to dispersion, or from visibility to invisibility does not imply the idea of quantitative extinction of the thing in question. Fourth, Zhang Zai stresses the fact that although the creation and transformation of manifold things can be reduced to one uniform pattern (the interaction of the yin and yang) nothing in the entire universe is the repetition of something else. As an example presented by Zhang Zai, there are no two persons whose minds are exactly alike. Fifth, the perpetual motion of the physical world is not originally caused by any outside force. He states that the cosmos depends on nothing to be its first mover, for the qi as such is a vital and self-moving force that alone makes all change and motion possible (Huang (1968)).