Paragraph 1: The games begins with a prologue in Faria, where the Farian general Scardigne is trying to get the Farian Princess Miu out of the city safely due to a civil war led by Ban Nanazel. They manage to escape the city but are pursued. The game then cuts to where Princess Cisna has summoned Leonard, Eldore and Yulie, she tells them that they need to go to Faria and speak with a mystic known as Father Yggdra. The group goes to Faria where they encounter Scardigne and Miu and save them from Ban Nanazel's forces. The group then learns that the now reborn Yshrenian Empire (formerly the Magi), headed by Grazel and High Priest Ledom (formerly Sarvain, the regent of Balandor following Cisna's kidnapping in the first game) from the previous game, supported Ban Nanazel. They travel back into the city and fight and defeat Ban Nanazel and save Father Yggdra who Ban Nanazel was attempting to destroy. Father Yggdra is revealed to be a sentient tree and the protector of the Moon Maiden, the final incorruptus from the war between Yshrenia and Athwani. For their reward, Father Yggdra gives them a book to go into the past, which they use to travel to the day the Magi attacked Balandor castle. They attempt to save the Archduke of Faria (Miu's grandfather) but fail. However, he gives them an insignia, which upon coming back they learn from Father Yggdra that they need to get three of. Knowing this they head to Greede. Once there, they learn that Greede's citizens are being poisoned by a purple mist. Once they find Caesar, their old friend and current ruler of Greede, they learn that a black dragon is causing the mist. They once again travel to the past where they learn they need a lance to defeat the dragon. Once they retrieve the lance and defeat the dragon, they learn that the desert town of Albana was taken over by Yshrenia. Leonard and co manage to oust the Yshrenians. As a reward, the Avatar is awarded with a mysterious stone. This stone technically allows the Avatar to become the sixth pact maker and bestow the ability to summon an incorruptus of their own which they're also able to modify to become equal to the other five. With Albana safe once again Leonard and party decide it's time to go against the now reborn Yshrenian army that has been residing on a volcanic island.

Paragraph 2: Guiart's poem Branche des Royaux lignages, was written and then rewritten between 1304 and 1307, in honour of the French king Philip IV, and in answer to the aspersions of a Flemish poet. Comprising over 21,000 verses it deals with the history of the French kings from the time of Louis VIII; but it is only really important for the period after 1296 and for the war in Flanders from 1301 to 1304, of which it gives a graphic account, and for which it is a high authority. It was first published by JA Buchon (Paris, 1828), and again in tome xxii. of the Recueil des historiens des Gaules et de la France (Paris, 1865).

Paragraph 3: On 1 January 1949, South Africa became an independent country within the British Commonwealth of Nations. In 1949, South Africa promulgated the Citizenship Act 44, which automatically conferred Union nationality, in Sections 2 and 5 upon persons born or descended from South Africans, and in Section 2.2, upon the inhabitants who had been born in South West Africa on 2 September 1949, the date the act became operable. It specifically included those persons who had previously been stateless as defined by the mandate. Under its terms, persons who had previously been British nationals, including their wives who had previously been British subjects, or persons who were born or legally domiciled the Union or in South West Africa were considered Union nationals. For those born after the effective date of the statue, nationality was derived at birth by being born in the territory to a father who was neither an enemy alien, prohibited immigrant, nor who had diplomatic immunity; or born abroad to a father who was born in South Africa or South West Africa, or to a father who was naturalised as South African; and could only be acquired through a South African mother if the child was illegitimate. Commonwealth citizens were allowed to obtain nationality through registration after a cumulative residency of four years over a six-year period. Naturalisation required a literacy in a language of the Union, evidence of no confinement for offences or mental illness, and proof of a cumulative residency of five years over a seven-year period. Wives of South Africans who were lawful residents for three years were able to naturalise. Women gained independent nationality under the 1949 statute. In 1960, Ethiopia and Libya instituted proceedings in the International Court of Justice against South Africa for breaching their obligations toward South West Africa under their trusteeship, but were found not to have standing.

Paragraph 4: The location of the Kiley Gardens is in the Downtown Tampa area. It is an urban area surrounded by libraries, popular eating places, the University of Tampa, and business headquarters. The gardens were originally a part of the NationsBank Plaza before being built on top of an underground garage. The site has been neglected for many years and is now being supported by the Cultural Landscape Foundation. The foundation is currently trying to restore the gardens to their former glory. Kiley Gardens is currently under reconstruction and partnered with members and residents of Downtown Tampa in an effort to improve its current state. The gardens are accredited by the Tampa Bay Foundation for Architecture and Design. The Kiley Gardens were designed by Dan Kiley with the help of Henry Wolf. The purpose of the gardens was to create some shade in the Downtown Tampa area and more importantly create the feeling of taking a walk in the woods in such an urban setting. The pattern of the garden was set to look like the Fibonacci mathematical sequence. The sequence is meant to start with the numbers zero and one and each number after that is the sum of the two previous numbers added together. When the gardens first opened in 1988 the goal was to have many more trees covering the area, five individual islands with a tree in the middle of each island, and plants such as palm allées and crepe myrtles. The garden was also supposed to have water features, such as basins and a water garden, and a view of the Hillsborough River and the University of Tampa. The original design for the garden was never completed and later it created many structural issues with the underground parking garage leading to the garden being torn down. Before it was completely destroyed the garden was saved by the City of Tampa and partnerships between local businesses and community members who wanted to preserve the legacy Dan Kiley left behind. The gardens were meant to represent a connection to nature in an ever growing urban area.

Paragraph 5: In martial arts, a waster is a practice weapon, usually a sword, and usually made out of wood, though nylon (plastic) wasters are also available.  Nylon being much safer than wood, due to it having an adequate amount of flex for thrusts to be generally safe, unlike wooden wasters. Even a steel feder has more flex than most wooden wasters. The use of wood or nylon instead of metal provides an economic option for initial weapons training and sparring, at some loss of genuine experience. A weighted waster may be used for a sort of strength training, theoretically making the movements of using an actual sword comparatively easier and quicker, though modern sports science shows that an athlete would most optimally train with an implement which is closest to the same weight, balance, and shape of  the tool they will be using . Wasters as wooden practice weapons have been found in a variety of cultures over a number of centuries, including ancient China, Ireland, Iran, Scotland, Rome, Egypt, medieval and renaissance Europe, Japan, and into the modern era in Europe and the United States. Over the course of time, wasters took a variety of forms not necessarily influenced by chronological succession, ranging from simple sticks to clip-point dowels with leather basket hilts to careful replicas of real swords.

Paragraph 6: As part of the Marvel NOW! event in the pages of Avengers Arena, Nico is abducted by the villain Arcade and placed on a special island version of Murderworld. The Staff of One has its power drastically reduced for an unexplained reason, preventing her not only from being able to act out against Arcade or the island, but also requiring "dozens of spells" just to successfully grow food to eat. After mounting a frontal attack on Apex and Juston Seyfert's Sentinel, Nico loses the Staff of One when she is dismembered by Chase (now in possession of the Darkhawk armor) and thrown off a cliff. She then crawls to the Staff of One and tries to cast the spell "help", but bleeds out before the Staff can act. The Staff then resurrects her, using her massive blood loss as a sacrifice to grant her enough power to disarm Deathlocket, destroy the Darkhawk armor, and defeat Apex by trapping her underground. Chase returns to his normal self and then helps Nico and Reptil fight a possessed Cullen. In the ensuing battle, Nara is killed returning Cullen to human form and Anachronism goes wild. Reptil asks Nico and Chase for help breaking up the fight, but Nico insists she and Chase stay out of it. At Nico's command, Chase then turns into Darkhawk and sucker-punches Reptil as part of some secret plan that he and Nico devised. Chase showed regret at having to attack Reptil. When Chase refused to let Cammi stop Nico, she broke his arm and leg, taking the Darkhawk amulet for herself in order to stop Nico from killing everyone. Cammi gives Chase the amulet again when Apex unleashes bugs, sentient typhoon, and weaponized sand to attack the remaining teens on Murderworld. Soon after, Deathlocket stops the fight by killing Apex, and everyone is able to escape Murderworld and disperse.

Paragraph 7: During press events for Trespasser, Blackley had met Bill Gates, then the CEO of Microsoft. Gates had been impressed with the technical achievements of Trespasser, and he helped Blackley to secure a job at Microsoft in February 1999 as Program Manager for Entertainment Graphics, initially working on DirectX. During 1999, Sony introduced the PlayStation 2, which they marketed as a platform for the living room that would outdo Microsoft Windows and Linux. Blackley said that this announcement raised concerns within Microsoft of how they could challenge Sony. Blackley had already recognized that part of Microsoft's problems for gaming support was the vast number of possible configurations they had to deal with, and their attempts with technologies like DirectX to standardize these. While on a flight from Boston back to Seattle after visiting his girlfriend, Blackley came up with the idea of having Microsoft design its own console, with standardized hardware, and able to tap into a larger pool of hardware resources due to the company's influence as to beat Sony at its own game. This led to the initial Xbox proposal, which Gates eventually approved, and helped assemble the team that designed and built the device. He then promoted the Xbox to game developers around the world.

Paragraph 8: In the winter of 1860 the mission buildings were lent to the Governor, Colonel Thomas Gore Browne, who organised the historic Kohimarama Conference. The conference was attended by 200 rangatira from a large number of iwi throughout New Zealand and aimed at convincing Māori leaders to reject the Māori King Movement and justify the Government’s war in Taranaki, which had broken out over a disputed land transaction. The conference lasted a month. A wide range of issues were discussed. It gave southern Māori in particular an opportunity to gain a fuller understanding of the meaning of the treaty. In the last week Paora Tuarere (Ngati Whatua) proposed that the treaty should be endorsed by the conference as a "fuller ratification". Tuarere was one of the principal chiefs who gave and sold land to the government in Auckland on the Auckland isthmus. Māori then affirmed the treaty thus reassuring the government that Māori would, in general, support the government rather than the new Māori king. The kingite Wiremu Tamahana attended the conference.  The Kohimarama Conference is said to be unique, since it was the first time Māori had been given the opportunity to hold a rūnanga with Pākehā officials, which was a first step towards representation in the Government of New Zealand.

Paragraph 9: In Freaks, director Tod Browning of Dracula fame helms a film that depicts a traveling circus populated by a group of deformed carnival freaks. Browning populated the movie with actual carnival sideshow performers including "midgets, dwarfs, hermaphrodites, Siamese twins, and, most awful, the armless and legless man billed as the 'living torso. There is also a group of Pinheads, who are depicted as fortunate in that they are not mentally capable enough to understand that they disgust people. But the truly unsavory characters here are the villains, the circus strongman Hercules and the beautiful high-wire artist Cleopatra, who intends to marry and poison Hans, the midget heir who is enamored of her. At a dinner celebrating their union, one of the freaks dances on the table as they chant "gooble-gobble, gobble, gobble, one of us, one of us, we accept her, we accept her." Disgusted, Cleopatra insults Hans and makes out with Hercules in front of him. When the freaks discover her plot, they exact revenge by mutilating Cleopatra into a freak. Although circus freaks were common in the early 1930s, the film was their first depiction on screen. Browning took care to linger over shots of the deformed, disabled performers with long takes of them including one of the "living torso" lighting a match and then a cigarette with his mouth. The film was accompanied by a sensational marketing campaign that asked sexual questions such as "Do the Siamese Twins make love?", "What sex is the half-man half-woman?", and "Can a full grown woman truly love a midget?" Surprisingly, given its reaction to Frankenstein, the state of Kansas objected to nothing in Freaks. However, other states, such as Georgia, were repulsed by the film and it was not shown in many locales. The film later became a cult classic spurred by midnight movie showings, but it was a box-office bomb in its original release.

Paragraph 10: Glove fetishism is a form of sexual fetishism relating to gloves, referring to sexual preoccupation with gloves of various kinds. Persons with this fetish find the gloves themselves arouse sexual feelings, whether visualised, worn by themselves or when worn or held by someone else, and in particular by a partner. In some cases, the fetish is enhanced by the material of the glove (e.g.,leather, cotton, latex, nitrile, PVC, satin or nylon). Often, the actions of a gloved hand are as arousing as the glove itself, because the glove provides a second skin, or in other words a fetishistic surrogate for the wearer's own skin. Medical gloves and rubber gloves provide a safer sex environment. Subtle movements by the gloved fingers or the hand as a whole can provide the individual with an visual stimulus and sexual arousal. The act of putting gloves on, or slipping them off the hands, can also be a source of glove fetish fantasy and delight. Smell may also be a factor, in particular when it comes to latex or rubber, as can be the sound of latex or with leather gloves, where the distinct odour can enhance the fetishistic experience. Glove fetishism may also coexist with hand fetishism. Many glove fetishists build a collection of gloves and take pleasure in buying gloves over the counter or online. Receiving parcels containing internet purchased gloves may provide an extra-special frisson for the glove fetishist.

Paragraph 11: Reviews ranged from positive to mixed. Giving three out of four bones, the VideoHound's Golden Movie Retriever highlighted the parodies in the film, and noted that "Parents will be [as] equally entertained [as children] by the level of humor and fast-paced action". Film critic Leonard Maltin gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying the film was "[e]pisodic," but praised the voice cast, songs and "funny business". TV Guide called the film a "firecracker", citing the film's many jokes. The book Videos for Kids: The Essential, Indispensable Parent's Guide to Children's Movies on Video praised the "tongue-in-cheek humor" and celebrity caricatures but issued warning to parents, stating that the film may not be appropriate for "children too young to identify satire" because the characters in the film "are rude and combative" and may not be positive role models. Videos for Kids still concluded that the film "should provide an enjoyable viewing experience for the whole family". Dennis Hunt of the Los Angeles Times said that the format of a direct-video film was "unusual", but that some parts of the film were "hilarious", especially the scenes which make fun of Walt Disney World. Since its release, How I Spent My Vacation has been rated as one of the "Top 20 (U.S.-Produced) Direct-to-Video Animated Films" by The Animated Movie Guide.

Paragraph 12: Chen Miaodeng was from a household that was viewed lowly by the society at the time—a butcher's household—at the Liu Song capital Jiankang. During the reign of Emperor Xiaowu, he often had his attendants seek out beautiful women to be added to the rank of his concubines. On one occasion, when he saw the Chens' house, which was made of hay, from a distance, he sent an attendant to deliver money to the house, so that the people in the household could build a brick house. When the attendant arrived at the house, only Chen Miaodeng was home; she was about 12 to 13 (by East Asian reckoning at the time).  The attendant saw that she was beautiful and informed Emperor Xiaowu about her.  He therefore took her into the palace, and she resided with his mother Empress Dowager Lu Huinan. After a while, however, she lost his favor, and Empress Dowager Lu decided to instead give her to Emperor Xiaowu's younger brother Liu Yu the Prince of Xiangdong, who initially greatly favored her.  After more than a year, however, she lost his favor as well, and he gave her to his attendant Li Dao'er (李道兒).  He, however, later took her back, and she gave birth to his oldest son Liu Yu (different character than Emperor Ming) in March 463.  It is because she spent time as Li's concubine that there later were rumors, which her son apparently gave some credence to, that it was actually Li, and not the Prince of Xiangdong, who was her son's biological father.  Indeed, historical accounts, written during the succeeding Southern Qi dynasty indicate that Liu Yu was impotent, and that although he had 12 sons, those were the results of his having seized his brothers' pregnant concubines and kept the children if they bore males, or his having had his concubines have sexual relations with others.  (However, the fact that his wife Princess Wang Zhenfeng had two daughters, although no sons, may argue against such allegations, because it appeared rather unlikely that Liu Yu would do this over female children—indeed, the allegations stated that he would only do this if his brothers' concubines bore males—or that the morally upright Princess Wang would engage in sexual relations with others, thus suggesting that the allegations were made to delegitimize Emperor Ming's sons Liu Yu and Emperor Shun (Liu Zhun) vis-à-vis Southern Qi.)  After Liu Yu became emperor (as Emperor Ming) in 465 following the assassination of his nephew Liu Ziye (Emperor Xiaowu's son), he created her son crown prince in 466 and gave her the title of Guifei, designating the rank as equally honorable as a crown princess.  Crown Prince Yu was an impulsive child who appeared to be hyperactive and emotional, often putting himself into physical danger.  At Emperor Ming's orders, Consort Chen often gave him beatings.

Paragraph 13:  The Drive to Rehab: This season, the journey to the Driver Rehabilitation Centre starts from Royal Canadian Legion 358 in St. Catharines, Ontario, with seven of the eight drivers (Travis is not present due to being at a family wedding and is represented by a cardboard cutout) having to make their way there via provided directions, a journey that Andrew notes should take an average driver like himself around 90 minutes. The contestants depart in the following order: Breanna (with Andrew making her go first so as to confront her fear of highway driving head-on), Joe, Ashley, Shayne, Mélanie, Adam and Julie. Joe's attitude is the polar opposite of Breanna, as he frequently drives far in excess of the speed limit. Before Ashley leaves, a reunion occurs between Andrew and her nominator, Canada's Worst Driver 11 "winner" Jillian, who tells Andrew that she can now drive without any issues, leading Andrew to subsequently tell Ashley that Jillian's experience is proof that rehab does work. Despite this, Ashley proves even more nervous than Breanna did, constantly asking Jillian to guide her throughout her drive, a trip Andrew narrates after Ashley arrives at rehab saw her cry 14 separate times. Shayne proves to be slow and generally inattentive throughout his drive, running more than one red light in the process, though Shayne openly admits that his inability to concentrate is his biggest issue; when he arrives at rehab, Andrew tells him that they'll be booking him a medical examination as soon as possible, due to fears that he may have sustained an undiagnosed brain injury during his childhood accident. Mélanie is another driver with confidence issues throughout her drive, though despite her own dire predictions, her drive is relatively uneventful. Similarly, Adam is extremely anxious about possibly getting into an accident, but he manages to make it to rehab without any major issues. Julie is the final driver to depart the parking lot and she quickly gets into trouble by missing a required turn, then committing an illegal 90° turn in the middle of the intersection to get back on track. Most of the drivers get to rehab safely, but Breanna's nerves ultimately prove too severe and her cameraman has to take over partway through the drive; it's also implied that Joe's habitual speeding would have caused his drive to be stopped, if not for his two-seater work truck being unable to seat a cameraman. Everyone makes a large number of moving violations on the way to rehab and the contestants arrive in the following order: Joe (speeding the whole way), Ashley (who cried 14 times), Melanie, Adam, Breanna (whose nerves proved too severe to continue driving), Julie (who missed a required turn, then committed an illegal 90° turn) and Shayne (never at the limit the whole trip).First to Arrive: Joe was the second to leave, but the first to arrive.Last to Arrive: Shayne was the last.Slowest to Arrive: Shayne was also the slowest to arrive.Fastest to Arrive: Joe was the fastest to arrive.

Paragraph 14: Lionel Salter reviewed the album on LP in Gramophone in September 1978. Il mondo della luna was a better drama than some of Haydn's other operas, he thought, in that it did not have a "cat's-cradle [plot] full of confusing intrigue and confused motivation". Its musical excellence was vouchsafed by Haydn's recycling eight excerpts from it in his flute trios, his Symphony No. 63 and the Benedictus of his Mariazell Mass. As for the album itself, it was blessed with a cast that was "an uncommonly strong one, almost without weakness". Domenico Trimarchi, "particularly alert to textual nuances", painted a persuasive portrait of Buonafede, the wealthy old innocent being duped by his daughters' and maidservant's lovers. Luigi Alva was equally enjoyable as Ecclitico, the bogus astronomer - styled an astrologer by a librettist too ignorant to know the difference - who tricked his future father-in-law into believing that he had been miraculously transported to the moon. Anthony Rolfe Johnson, playing the servant Cecco, "[made] the most of his moment of glory as the mock Lunar Emperor". The opera's other male role, Ernesto, originally an alto part sung by a castrato, was undertaken by Lucia Valentini Terrani in the album's least successful performance. Her voice was "at times less than ideally steady", and she seldom sounded convincingly masculine. Doráti's other female soloists sang impeccably. As Clarice, the darling of the star-gazing confidence trickster, Edith Mathis "[negotiated] the fioriture of 'Son fanciulla da marito' with brilliant clarity". As Clarice's sister Flaminia, Ernesto's best beloved, "that admirable stylist Arleen Augér [revelled] in her tremendous bravura aria 'Ragion nell'arma' ... and in the tender 'Se la mia stella'". And as Lisetta, the below-stairs mezzo wooed by Cecco, Frederica von Stade dispatched her helter-skelter comic numbers with apparently effortless virtuosity. In this particular opera, the contribution made by Haydn's orchestra was a more important ingredient than usual: he had responded to its extraterrestrial theme with a sopranino recorder, some unusual violin harmonics and imaginative echo effects. Happily Doráti's band played better for him on Il mondo della luna than on any of the other albums in his Haydn cycle. Philips's production team had done their work well too, although not quite perfectly - a duet seemed to have been edited clumsily, and at one point Trimarchi sounded anomalously far from his microphone. The album's one serious negative lay in Doráti's handling of its recitatives (vital to the opera's narrative coherence). They were far too slow, dragging on ad infinitum.

Paragraph 15: Anna Walentynowicz was a member of the Presidium of MKS. After the strike, she became a member of the Presidium of Inter-Institute Founding Committee (MKZ – Międzyzakładowy Komitet Założycielski) of NSZZ Solidarity in Gdańsk. On 1 April 1981 the Presidium of the Lenin Shipyard Institute Commission (KZ – Komisja Zakładowa) of NSZZ Solidarity 'recalled' her from the Presidium of MKZ on trumped up accusations (inciting strike action, collecting signatures for a vote of no-confidence in Wałęsa, misrepresenting her constituents, and acting in a manner detrimental to the union). As a commission of inquiry determined, not only were all of these charges false, but the KZ Presidium had no jurisdictional right to remove Walentynowicz from her MKZ position. However, a number of Solidarity departmental cells in the shipyard promptly issued statements in support of the KZ Presidium's action. It was done in ignorance of the facts of the case, and in contradiction of the union's own statutes. There were no consultations with the rank-and-file as well. Europe-Asia Studies journal noted, "The case stood as an alarming example of how Solidarity's new activists were instantly ready not only to support each other in any dramatic new initiative but also to believe the worst about one of the First Wave strike leaders. That such a situation would arise concerning Walentynowicz, the very person for whose reinstatement at the Lenin Shipyard was the main point on which the strike originally began, goes beyond mere irony. It demonstrates just how much the movement had changed in under a year, and moreover, just how far apart were the new activists from the old strike leaders-and from the union's rank-and-file." The case against Walentynowicz in the KZ disciplinary commission was led by Jerzy Borowczak, a close associate of Wałęsa. PZPR was also involved in lobbying against Walentynowicz in this affair, with Jan Łabędzki, first Secretary of PZPR inside the Lenin Shipyard announcing publicly that Walentynowicz... destroys the unity of NSZZ Solidarity.

Paragraph 16: "His Last Bow. The War Service of Sherlock Holmes", later titled "His Last Bow: An Epilogue of Sherlock Holmes", is one of 56 short stories about Sherlock Holmes written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in September 1917 in The Strand Magazine and collected as the last of an anthology of eight stories titled His Last Bow: Some Reminiscences of Sherlock Holmes the following month. The narration is in the third person, instead of the first person narration usually provided by the character of Dr. Watson, and it is a spy story, rather than a detective mystery. Due to its portrayal of British and German spies on the eve of war, its publication during the First World War and its patriotic themes, the story has been interpreted as a propaganda tool intended to boost morale for British readers.

Paragraph 17: Racing team owner Tom Walkinshaw approached Jaguar executives and encouraged the company to enter the XJS into the 1981 European Touring Car Championship. The partnership succeeded in winning the competition in 1983. Jaguar had started to provide factory support to racing team Group 44 Racing, who were using the Jaguar-engined XJR-5 in the IMSA GT Championship, supplying V12 engines from 1983 onwards and supporting a Le Mans entry in 1984. Tom Walkinshaw and Jaguar agreed to enter the FIA Group C World Sportscar Championship and developed the XJR-6, which was powered by the same Jaguar V12 engine used by Group 44 Racing. The car was launched during the 1985 season.

Paragraph 18: The book is set in Acton, Massachusetts, the neighboring town to the author’s hometown of Concord, and follows the story of Sarah Tigress Vida, youngest daughter in a long line of vampire-hunting witches who see the world in a good-evil paradigm in which if you are not with them then you are against them. Her line of witches are the most powerful of the mortal vampire-hunting witches and are very attack oriented.  In the hunt for Nikolas, a vampire that killed a Vida a century ago, Sarah finds Christopher and Nissa, sibling vampires who don’t kill when they need to feed. Instead, they feed on animals and willing humans. As Sarah’s friendship with Christopher begins to turn into something more, she is forbidden to see him by her domineering mother, Dominique. Ultimately, when Sarah discovers Christopher’s true identity and his tie to Nikolas, Sarah finds that she may have to re-think her attitude and her whole world view. After intense internal debate Sarah decides to reveal her identity to Christopher and a wall appears between them. This whole event finally garners her mother's attention and Sarah's mother binds her powers and calls a trial for Sarah's violations( which include associating with vampires and revealing her identity). She manages to escape with the help of her sister Adianna. Christopher's attitude towards her pushes her further into the Vida mind-set and she decides to hunt down Nikolas through Christopher. She gains an opportunity to kill Nikolas but hesitates when she thinks it is Christopher (as Nikolas and Christopher are twin brothers). Nikolas then over-powers Sarah and marks her. Sarah's pride is seriously injured and after an encounter with Christopher and a very traumatized victim of another vampire, Sarah receives an invitation from Nikolas to a party. Sarah decides to go against the warnings of Nissa and attends the party. There she attempts to fight Nikolas but without the full use of her bound powers she stands little chance. Adianna shows up and attempts to rescue Sarah but finds her-self unable to defeat Nikolas. Nikolas uses Adianna as a hostage for Sarah to surrender all her weapons (which are the only way for her to use her magic to kill vampires). Christopher shows up and attempts to talk them down but he eventually loses control due to Sarah's attempts to fight back and he begins fighting Sarah as well. Christopher and his brother overpower Sarah and attempt to blood-bond her to them. However, Sarah's witch blood rejects the vampires' blood and Adianna, her older sister, tells them it will kill her. Christopher is in love with Sarah and can't bear what he's done. In the end, he turns her into a vampire and asks her to live with them, because he loves her. Sarah accepts to stay a vampire, but says that she isn't ready to be with them yet. She refuses to stay with them because she can't follow their trail of killing people every time she feeds. Sarah resolves to find a way for herself to live her life.

Paragraph 19: On 22 July 2021, Kerala Blasters announced that Luna had joined the Indian Super League club on a two-year deal. He made his debut for the club on 11 September 2021 against Indian Navy in the 2021 Durand Cup tournament. Luna scored from a penalty during the match and became the club's first ever goalscorer in Durand Cup. He made his first league appearance in the season opener against ATK Mohun Bagan FC on 19 November, which ended in a 4–2 defeat for Kerala Blasters. He was the assist provider of the second goal scored by Jorge Pereyra Díaz for the Blasters in the game. On 5 December 2021, Luna helped the Blasters to register their first victory of the season against Odisha FC by providing two assists in a match which they won 2–1, and was the recipient of the man of the match award in the game. He was again awarded with the man of the match award in the next game against East Bengal on 12 December, which they drew 1–1. Disappointed by the match officials, Luna expressed his frustration on the referees in the post-match conference. He scored his first league goal for  the Blasters' in a 0–3 victory over rivals Chennaiyin FC on 22 December, and was again awarded with the man of the match award. On 2 January 2022, he scored his second goal in the match against FC Goa, where he scored a long-ranger from 30 yards out in a match that ended in a 2–2 draw. After the club captain Jessel Carnerio was declared injured, Luna spent much of the season as club captain in his absence. He played his first match as the captain against Odisha in the second phase of the season, where he assisted for two goals that helped Kerala Blasters to win the game 0–2 on 12 January 2022. He scored a brace against ATK Mohun Bagan on 19 February, where he netted his first goal through a free-kick, and following from the edge of the penalty box. The match in a 2–2 draw at full-time. Luna scored another free-kick in the following match against Chennaiyin on 26 February, which ensured the Blasters a 3–0 victory. His goal in the second leg of the semi-final match against Jamshedpur FC on 15 March sealed the Blasters a place in the final, as the Blasters won 2–1 on aggregate score, and qualified for the finals for the third time in their history.

Paragraph 20: While the Sydenham area had seen development from the earliest days of European settlement in Christchurch, it was originally split between the Heathcote and Spreydon road districts instead of being a locality of its own right. The name Sydenham originally referred only to "Sydenham House", a crockery and china shop in the area so named by its owner, Charles Prince, after the north-west Kent town of Sydenham, which is now a London suburb within the London Borough of Lewisham. At a meeting regarding the formation of a borough council for the area, brought on by growth in the area, surveyor and future mayor Charles Allison advocated for the area to be named Sydenham, after the shop. The name was agreed upon, and Sydenham Borough Council came into existence in 1876. The first council and its mayor, George Booth, were elected in 1877. The population of the borough around this time was between five and six thousand, a number which doubled by the end of the 19th century, making it among the largest boroughs in New Zealand at the time.

Paragraph 21: Dooley was assigned to the medical intelligence task force sponsored by the Military Advisory Assistance Group, whose leader, Lt. Gen. John W. O'Daniel, was an active ally of Ngo Dinh Diem. His official duties involved collecting samples for epidemiological work, "but his primary role was as a liaison between the refugee campaign...Operation Passage to Freedom and American reporters and politicians with an interest in Southeast Asia." In return for his work as a "spokesman", the doctor was awarded the highest presidential honor by Diem. During this period, he wrote numerous letters to his mother, many of which she shared with reporters; the letters were then printed in the local press, including the St. Louis Globe-Democrat. Most of the letters exaggerated his personal contribution to the refugee work. Despite his self-promotion, he "was indefatigable in taking care of his patients." Concerning the "self-aggrandizement" aspect of his personality, he said that to be a humanitarian in the modern world "you've gotta run it like a business. You've gotta have Madison Avenue, press relations, TV, radio...and of course you get condemned for being a publicity seeker"; he argued that being able to care for 100 people per day, between 1954 and 1958, with MEDICO later treating 2,000 per day, justified this approach to humanitarianism.

Paragraph 22: The original building was demolished in 1985 and replaced by a brick building housing a small ticket office and waiting area, which was built in 1985 and was opened in 1986 by Jack Nivison, the former President of the Legislative Council of the Isle of Man and MHK for Middle. Before this, the railway station, like several intermediate stopping places on the line, did not provide passenger platforms. The new building, however, was built at platform height, and the platform was long enough for a five-coach train, later increased to seven. The railway station also has a stone-built water tower and crossing-keeper's hut; the latter was extensively modified to house the now-defunct mechanical railway station gates. A crossing-keeper's house on the other side of the road is now a private dwelling. In 2002 the opposite side of the line also received a full-length platform, which also serves the goods siding, and a modern bus shelter was also installed; the platform edging used had previously been employed for the former South Line departure roads at Douglas railway station and was retained for future use when lifted in 1979. There was also a goods shed on the site — a reused wooden building originally from the prisoner of war camp at Knockaloe near Peel, which was also served by the railway during the First World War. Although now extensively modernised and not really recognisable as the railway station that existed until 1985, it remains one of the most picturesque settings on the line and was popular with photographers who had the opportunity to take images of two trains at once. From 2001 to 2012 this railway station was the only crossing place in regular use on the line, as after timetable changes in 2001 there were no crossing trains at Castletown railway station. However, with the introduction of a more intensive high season timetable in 2012, with six trains each way instead of the usual four, some trains have once again been crossing at Castletown, and all trains from 2015.

Paragraph 23: In 1996, Michigan dealt with a starting quarterback returning from a season-ending injury and a depleted receiving group: Scott Dreisbach had missed the final two-thirds of the season, leaving Brian Griese as the starter and freshman Tom Brady served as an understudy.  Streets earned the starting wide receiver job and started in all twelve games.  He led the 1996 Michigan Wolverines football team in receptions and reception yardage with 44 receptions for 730 yards.  In the first game of the season against Illinois, Streets made the key block on Dreisbach's 72-yard touchdown run.  Two weeks later he made key catches on both the game-tying and game-winning scoring drives against the Colorado Buffaloes.  His best statistical performance came at home in Cook County, Illinois in front of a large gathering of friends and family against Northwestern when he recorded 12 receptions for 150 yards in an October 5, 17–16 loss.  This first appearance in the Chicago area would be his collegiate career-best in terms of single-game receptions.  The 12 receptions was a school record, but it was overshadowed by a fumble that changed the momentum of the game. Streets caught two touchdown passes both in rivalry games: the opening score from Dreisbach in the 44–10 victory against Minnesota and the only touchdown in a 13–9 victory over Ohio State from Griese.  In his sophomore year, after the football season ended with the January 1, 1997 Outback Bowl game, he joined the Michigan Wolverines basketball team in the last week of January and made his debut in a February 1, 1997 game against Michigan State.  The team went on to win the 1997 National Invitation Tournament on March 27 that season, and Streets played a few minutes in four of the five games.  However, due to the University of Michigan basketball scandal the championship has been vacated.  After the basketball season ended, Streets rejoined the football team for Spring practice, and he led all receivers with four receptions for 125 yards in the annual spring game on April 12.

Paragraph 24: Hikitsuchi recounts a midnight, lights-out training with Ueshiba, in which he cut off the tip of Ueshiba's bokken. The piece flew off, and he searched throughout the dojo for it. Eventually, Ueshiba pulled it out of the folds of his kimono, praising him highly for his skill. Months later, Ueshiba gave Hikitsuchi a scroll inscribed with "Bojutsu Masakatsu Agatsu" (True Victory is Self-Victory). The scroll was extensively illustrated by a famous artist, and contained Ueshiba's written explanations of techniques. Meik Skoss, who has seen the scroll, wrote, "One of the phrases on the scroll is very interesting, 'each of these pictures is the seed for a hundred techniques; study them well.'"

Paragraph 25: In another usage, particularly in Victorian and early 20th century fashion, a bodice (in earlier sources, body) instead indicates the upper part of a dress that was constructed in two parts (i.e., with separate skirt and bodice, such as a ballet tutu), but of matching or coordinating fabric with the intention of wearing the two parts as a unit. In dressmaking, the term waist (sometimes called dress waist to distinguish it from a shirtwaist) was also used. During wear, the parts might be connected by hooks and eyes. This construction was standard for fashionable garments from the 18th century until the late 19th century, and had the advantages of allowing a voluminous skirt to be paired with a close-fitting bodice, and of allowing two or more bodices to be worn with the same skirt at different times.  For example, a woman might wear the skirt with a matching high-necked bodice during the day, and later the same skirt with a different, fashionably low-necked bodice in the evening. One-piece construction became more common after 1900 due to the trend for looser, more simply-constructed clothing with narrower skirts.

Paragraph 26: Born in an ordinary military family of the Gorkha Kingdom, Bhimsen first came close to the Crown Prince Rana Bahadur Shah at an early age in 1785. In 1798, he was recruited as bodyguard to the King by his father. Thereafter, he rose to influence after helping the exiled ex-King Rana Bahadur Shah engineer his return to power in 1804. In gratitude, Rana Bahadur made Bhimsen a Kaji (equivalent to a minister) of the newly formed government. Rana Bahadur's assassination by his step-brother Sher Bahadur Shah in 1806 led Bhimsen to initiate investigations on the context of which he ordered the death penalties to ninety-three people popularly known as 1806 Bhandarkhal massacre, after which he claimed the title of the Mukhtiyar (equivalent to prime minister) himself. The death of King Girvan Yuddha Bikram Shah in 1816 at the immature age of 17, with his heir, King Rajendra Bikram Shah being only 3 years old, along with the support from Queen Tripurasundari (the junior queen of Rana Bahadur Shah) allowed him to remain in power even after Nepal's defeat in the Anglo-Nepalese War. After the death of Queen Tripurasundari in 1832, the intrigues of the newly adult King Rajendra, the conspiracies and infightings with the British envoy Brian Houghton Hodgson, Senior Queen Samrajya Laxmi Devi and the rival courtiers (especially the Kala Pandes, who held Bhimsen Thapa responsible for the death of Damodar Pande in 1804) finally led to his imprisonment on the false charges of the murder of an infant prince and ultimately his death by suicide in 1839.

Paragraph 27: Numerous major labels approached Girls Against Boys since they completed their verbal three-album deal with Touch and Go. Former Girls Against Boys guitarist Wood, who by then was working as an executive at Geffen Records, reached out to the band on behalf of his employer. The band agreed to sign with Geffen Records, and they started recording their major label debut with producer Nick Launay in October 1997. The recording process was deemed to be exhaustive because production lasted nearly six months. Previously, the band spent only one or two months on production. The electronic-influenced album Freak*on*ica was released in June 1998. The album peaked at No. 11 on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart and at No. 182 on the UK Albums Chart. It was praised by various publications such as Entertainment Weekly, Spin, and Pitchfork; however, it was criticized by other publications such as Rolling Stone and The A.V. Club. "Park Avenue" was released as the lead single, and it peaked at No. 83 on the UK Singles Chart and at No. 28 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. "Psycho-Future" from Freak*on*ica was released as a single as it appeared on the soundtrack to the 1998 remake film Psycho. The band went on a headlining tour throughout 1998, followed by a tour with labelmates Garbage. They also played at the Reading festival in England and Pukkelpop in Belgium. The band also appeared on Late Night With Conan O'Brien, performing "Park Avenue". The band contributed the song "EPR" to the soundtrack of the film Permanent Midnight, and they appeared in the film 200 Cigarettes in one scene. Their cover of "Boogie Wonderland" was included on the 200 Cigarettes soundtrack. Although Freak*on*ica performed moderately well (it was the band's best-selling effort up to that point), it did not meet Geffen Records' sales expectations. In addition, the label went through numerous internal mergers. After a short 1999 tour with Firewater, Girls Against Boys remained in limbo as Universal Records (the parent of Geffen Records) continued to restructure its business, and the band was unable to extensively record or tour for nearly two years. Also in 1999, two Girls Against Boys tracks from Freak*on*ica ("Park Avenue" and "Psycho-Future") appeared in the racing video game Test Drive Off-Road 3. At one point in 2000, the band was moved to the Interscope Records brand; however, various conflicts led to the band parting ways with the label.

Paragraph 28: According to philosopher of science Ian James Kidd, epistemic humility is a virtue that emerges from the recognition of the fragility of epistemic confidence–that is, of "the confidence invested in activities aimed at the acquisition, assessment, and application of knowledge and other epistemic goods." For Kidd, any given truth claim rests on three types of confidence conditions: cognitive conditions, or specialized knowledge in a particular knowledge domain; practical conditions, or the ability to perform certain actions required to ascertain the claim; and material conditions, or access to particular objects about which truth claims are made. Moreover, these confidence conditions operate on three levels: agential confidence (conditions for particular epistemic agents); collective confidence (conditions for groups of epistemic agents structured by disciplines, institutions, and other forms of community); and deep confidence (conditions for confidence rooted in 'deep' commitments, such as theories, theologies, or shared cultural inheritances). Kidd argues that the virtue of epistemic humility registers an appreciation for the complexity and contingency of this web of conditions required to make assertions, particularly scientific ones. In Kidd's words,"Colleagues can let us down, shared epistemic practices can be abused, and institutions can be corrupted. The virtue of epistemic humility therefore builds in, at the ground level, an acute sense of the fact that epistemic confidence is conditional, complex, contingent, and therefore fragile."For Kidd, while recognition of the fragility of epistemic confidence is a necessary component of epistemic humility, it is not sufficient. Epistemic humility emerges as a virtue only when such recognition is combined with changes to one's epistemic comportment. That is to say, epistemic humility requires a "disposition to regulate one’s epistemic conduct in the light of one’s changing fulfilment of relevant confidence conditions. A humble enquirer is disposed, that is, to actively regulate their epistemic conduct, their personal ways of engaging in epistemic activities." Epistemic humility thus entails both recognition of the fragility of epistemic confidence and regulation of one's epistemic conduct accordingly. Kidd offers several examples of how 'humble enquirers' achieve this self-regulation. He writes that"Perhaps they take care to carefully qualify claims to reflect the degree of confidence they can justify, sharing Montaigne’s fondness for words and phrases that ‘soften and moderate’ the typical ‘rashness’ of our speech – ‘perhaps’, ‘I think’, ‘as far as I know’ (1991, 1165). Perhaps they regulate their ambitions by ensuring the epistemic projects they commit to are ones whose constituent conditions they could fulfil – aspiring to contribute to, rather than define, an area of study. Taken together, a humble enquirer is disposed to actively regulate their epistemic conduct by recognising and appropriately responding to the complex economy of confidence upon which their activities and projects rely."Kidd's account of epistemic humility is domain-neutral and applies equally to scientific and humanistic forms of epistemic inquiry that are both simple and complex.

Paragraph 29: A persistent myth about the album's origins is that the band were approached by Linn Products and commissioned to make a record that the company could use to demonstrate the quality of their high-specification hi-fi equipment—the company were so pleased with the result that they decided to form a record label specifically to release the resulting album. In fact Linn had already recently manufactured a cutting lathe to produce their own records, frustrated by the poor quality of the test LPs that were being provided for their flagship turntable product, the Linn Sondek LP12, and had already set up and released records on their ALOI (A Label of Integrity) Records label before signing the Blue Nile. According to Paul Buchanan, the true story was that the band had already made demo recordings of some of their songs with engineer Calum Malcolm at his Castlesound Studios, which happened to be fitted out with Linn equipment as Malcolm had worked with the company in the past. Linn were visiting the studios and asked Malcolm to play a song recently recorded at the studio in order to test out their new speakers, and Malcolm duly obliged and chose the Blue Nile's demo of "Tinseltown in the Rain". On hearing the demo, Linn were impressed and felt the band's sound fitted in with the type of music they wanted to release on their new label, and contacted the Blue Nile to offer a contract to make a full album: even so, it took the band a full nine months to respond to the company's offer. Buchanan recalled that Linn had given the band £10,000–£20,000 to make the record, but rejected the suggestion that the company had asked the band to make a record in a particular style that would show off the company's products in the best light, saying, "It was great because they left us to it. They trusted the engineer and they trusted us so they said, go off and make a record ... We were—as you would imagine—you're so fervent about what you're doing that nothing would dissuade you from it and nothing would persuade you to do otherwise ... we'd already demo'd some of the things before we'd even met Linn so ... no, it was nothing to do with that." PJ Moore also denied that Linn had deliberately chosen the band to produce a demo record for them, telling Uncut magazine that "it was a myth that we were a 'hi-fi band signed to a hi-fi company'. We just got lucky that we'd found our way to an excellent engineer who knew the company."

Paragraph 30: In 1982, the Conservative Government led by Margaret Thatcher privatised these services, making shares in the newly formed National Freight Corporation available to employees at a price that proved to undervalue the company when they were floated on the stock market. Two businesses, National Carriers and Roadline, subsequently merged and operated briefly under the name National Carriers Roadline before becoming Lynx Express Delivery Network. This remained the company's full title, although it was shortened in practice. Following a reorganisation, rationalisation of core business interests and rebranding exercise, National Freight Corporation, by this time shortened to NFC plc, merged with Ocean Group plc and became known as Exel, and Lynx Express was seen as outside its main area of concentration.