Paragraph 1: It was not until later in the summer of 1915 that Townshend returned to his command. He reported that if he could defeat the Ottomans at Kurna, he could take Baghdad at once, which led Nixon to reply that he was looking forward to riding into Baghdad in triumph on a white horse. On 23 August 1915, Townshend reported to London that if he defeated the Ottomans "and stampeded them, as at Kurna, he was willing to take the responsibility of entering Baghdad". He noted that it was about 500 miles from where he was to Baghdad and that he was "undermanned as regards land and water transport", lacking enough ships and wagons to supply a drive to Baghdad, but reflecting the optimistic mood, wrote "Sir John Nixon told me to send him a wire if I intended a rush into Baghdad, as he might be able to come on in time to enter Baghdad with me." As long as the outcome of the Battle of Gallipoli was in doubt, the Ottomans exerted all of their efforts there and largely ignored Townshend's "Regatta up the Tigris". However, by August 1915 it was clear that Gallipoli was a stalemate following the failure of the British to break out after their landings at Suvla Bay, which ended the last British chance of victory there. The deadlock was strategically an Ottoman victory, as it prevented the Allies from taking Constantinople. With the Allies contained at Gallipoli, the Three Pashas who now ruled the Ottoman Empire sent a substantial force of Turkish infantrymen under General Nureddin Pasha to stop Townshend. Before the arrival of Nureddin, Townshend had been facing Ottoman Arab units which were of lesser quality as compared to the ethnic Turkish Ottoman units. The core of the Ottoman Army had always been Turkish peasant conscripts from Anatolia, well known for their toughness and tenacity in combat. As he was soon to learn, the ethnic Turkish units in the Ottoman Army were far tougher opponents than the ethnic Arab ones.

Paragraph 2: Between eight and twelve levels are available in each of eight worlds in New Super Mario Bros., which are shown on the Nintendo DS's bottom touch screen while the player is viewing the world map in the game. The map of the currently selected world appears on the top screen, which is used to navigate between the world's levels. The goal of each level is to reach a black flag at the end of the level. At the end of each world, a boss must be defeated before proceeding to the next world. There are six power-ups available in New Super Mario Bros.; the game allows the player to store an extra power-up when he is already using one, a feature carried over from Super Mario World. Three power-ups from Super Mario Bros. return in the game: the Super Mushroom makes Mario grow in size, the Fire Flower lets Mario throw fireballs, and the Starman makes Mario temporarily invincible. Three more power-ups are introduced in New Super Mario Bros.: the Blue Koopa Shell lets Mario withdraw into a shell to protect himself and perform a "shell dash" attack. He also swims faster when in this form. The Mega Mushroom grows Mario to an incredible size, where he can destroy everything in his path, and the Mini-Mushroom causes Mario to shrink, allowing him to enter tiny passageways. Mini Mario is so light that he can run on water and jump extremely high.

Paragraph 3: The tornado entered LaSalle County, Illinois from Putnam County, approximately  northeast of the town of Standard, producing F0 intensity damage in a wooded area southwest of Peru. As the tornado continued northeast, and F2 intensity damage was done to several homes in a subdivision near the intersection of East 250th and 2569th Roads. Several roofs were blown off homes, along with damage to external walls. Significant tree damage was done as well. Path width was estimated at  at this location. The tornado then continued northeast, crossing the Illinois River twice as it moved toward the town of Utica, downing a steel high tension tower on the north bank of the river, immediately west of Illinois Route 251. The tornado moved into the southwest side of Utica where it was at F0 intensity. Homes along Washington Street only had tree and minor roof damage. A church steeple was damaged between Johnson and Washington streets. Roofs and trees were more severely damaged on the south side of Johnson Street. The tornado rapidly increased to F3 intensity on the north side of Johnson Street where one home had its roof taken off, and north walls were blown out. A machinery building was completely destroyed on the south side of the canal and a semi-tractor trailer was blown into the canal. A large grain bin was blown across the canal and flattened. The tornado then moved north of the canal into the heart of town where several homes were severely damaged, garages were destroyed, and brick buildings collapsed. Eight people died and seven were rescued from the basement of the turn of the century sandstone Milestone Tap tavern. The structure collapsed when a vehicle was thrown into it. The tornado was approximately 250 yards wide at this point. On the east edge of the vortex along Mill Street, in downtown, buildings suffered damage to facades, roofs and windows. East of Mill Street there was damage to trees and minor roof damage. In the northeast section of town a mobile home was overturned just east of Mill Street. The vortex crossed the railroad tracks and apparently dissipated on a steep bluff on the northeast side of town. At the top of the hill there were some trees and limbs downed, and some debris from town was deposited.

Paragraph 4: Juan Carlos Caballero Mistral (Jaime Camil) is a busy  man working in Grupo Imperio. He is a womanizer who can never get enough. Juan feels he just enjoys the company of women. Everyone in the industry feels he is just a man who plays with women's feelings. But when Helena Moreno Romero (Lucero), a single mother of one son and an ex-employee of Grupo Imperio, enters Juan Carlos' life, he begins to have feelings for Helena, something he has never felt before. Helena regains her position at Grupo Imperio and starts a huge project. They fall helplessly in love with each other and plan to marry and start a family with Helena's son Eduardo (Lalito). Although, given his background, Helena hates Juan Carlos Caballero and Juan Carlos pretends he is Juan Perón, son of an Argentinian ambassador. Helena finds this out and is heartbroken. She feels Juan tricked her and was looking for another "adventure,"and also feels he tried to steal the project she had been working hard on.  Later Plutarco Ramos Arrieta (Marcelo Cordoba) frames him for embezzlement. While in his car, Juan Carlos hears the police sirens.  He is chased by the police until he falls of a cliff and his car explodes. Thinking he is dead, the authorities publicize the message that Juan Carlos is dead. Helena is mourning and feels she will never forget her great love for him. Meanwhile, Juan Carlos is still alive but in hiding. He meets Mimi de La Rosa (Patricia Navidad) and they become extraordinary friends. He tells her his whole story and how he must clear his name. Mimi helps him transform from Juan Carlos Caballero to Eva Maria Leon Jaramillo viuda de Zuloaga. He watches out for Helena and her son while trying to find evidence to clear his name. Although it becomes a very different and difficult life being a lady, Juan Carlos starts to realize his mistake and the consequences of being a womanizer. Eva/Juan applies for a job as Helena's assistant. She/he gets the job and at first, does not get along well with Helena. But soon they become the best of friends. Plutarco falls in love with Helena and becomes Juan's (biggest) enemy. Plutarco proposes to Helena, and Helena accepts. Although Plutarco had a wife, Antonia Reyes de Ramos (Christina Pastor) who died of a heart attack, he also has an ex-lover, Rebeca Oropeza (Mariana Seoane). Rebeca becomes his worst enemy; she is determined to ruin their relationship. But Juan is crushed and gives Helena every reason to hate Plutarco. As Eva, Juan will regain Helena's love, clear his name and realize his dream of being married and having a family with her.

Paragraph 5: SEC. 9. That all entries made and patents issued under the provisions of this Act shall be subject to and contain a reservation to the United States of all the coal and other minerals in the lands so entered and patented, together with the right to prospect for, mine, and remove the same. The coal and other mineral deposits in such lands shall be subject to disposal by the United States in accordance with the provisions of the coal and mineral land laws in force at the time of such disposal. Any person qualified to locate and enter the coal or other mineral deposits, or having the right to mine and remove the same under the laws of the United States, shall have the right at all times to enter upon the lands entered or patented, as provided by this Act, for the purpose of prospecting for coal or other mineral therein, provided he shall not injure, damage, or destroy the permanent improvements of the entryman or patentee, and shall be liable to and shall compensate the entryman or patentee for all damages to the crops on such lands by reason of such prospecting. Any person who has acquired from the United States the coal or other mineral deposits in any such land, or the right to mine and remove the same, may reenter and occupy so much of the surface thereof as may be required for all purposes reasonably incident to the mining or removal of the coal or other minerals, first, upon securing the written consent or waiver of the homestead entryman or patentee; second, upon payment of the damages to crops or other tangible improvements to the owner thereof, where agreement may be had as to the amount thereof; or, third, in lieu of either of the foregoing provisions, upon the execution of a good and sufficient bond or undertaking to the United States for the use and benefit of the entryman or owner of the land, to secure the payment of such damages to the crops or tangible improvements of the entryman or owner, as may be determined and fixed in an action brought upon the bond or undertaking in a court of competent jurisdiction against the principal and sureties thereon, such bond or undertaking to be in form and in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior and to be filed with and approved by the register and receiver of the local land office of the district wherein the land is situate, subject to appeal to the Commissioner of the General Land Office: Provided, That all patents issued for the coal or other mineral deposits herein reserved shall contain appropriate notations declaring them to be subject to the provisions of this Act with reference to the disposition, occupancy, and use of the land as permitted to an entryman under this Act.

Paragraph 6: The main frame of the skyscraper rises 36 stories, capped by two asymmetric spires, one extending for four additional stories. The roof height of the building is 496 ft (151 m), the top floor is 489 feet (149 m), and the spire reaches 632 ft (192.6 m). Its nickname, Cathedral of Finance, alludes both to the building's resemblance to a cathedral—with its tower over the main entrance and octagonal apse at the opposite end—and to New York City's Woolworth Building, which had earlier been dubbed the Cathedral of Commerce. Native American themes are common inside and outside the building. Wirt C. Rowland, of the Smith, Hinchman & Grylls firm, was the building's architect. The building rises from a granite and stone six story base with two Corrado Parducci created sculptures flanking the Griswold Street entrance. The exterior blends brickwork with tile, limestone, and terra cotta. Rowland's attention to detail was meticulous. He supervised the creation of the colored brick cladding to achieve the desired color for the exterior. Afterward, the brick was marketed by the manufacturer as "Union Trust Brick" and after 1939, as Guardian brick". Rowland designed furniture for the bank's offices and his attention went as far as designing tableware, linens and waitress uniforms for a restaurant in the building.

Paragraph 7: (Original description) The shell is translucent, white, thin but firm. It has a fusiform shape. It is moderately stout, with a high, regularly tapered, acute spire, consisting of about six rounded whorls. These are crossed by rather thin, prominent ribs, strongly bent in a sigmoid curve, and having on the lower whorls a rather faint spiral sculpture. The shell shows four to five whorls below the protoconch. These are strongly convex and a little swollen at the rounded shoulder, which is rarely somewhat angulated, and without a definite subsutural band. The suture is strongly impressed, the upper part of the whorl rising rather abruptly from it. The protoconch consists of about two small, prominent whorls. The first is small, rounded, slightly mamilliform, and a little prominent. The next, constituting the greater part of the protoconch, increases rapidly and is decidedly prominent and somewhat obliquely placed, and bears about four or five raised, revolving lines, which are sometimes crossed by distinct lines of growth. The suture between the last protoconch whorl and the next is strongly marked and more oblique than any of the others. The remaining whorls are crossed by rather conspicuous, sharp, and rather elevated ribs. These are strongly excurved at and just above the shoulder, curving forward rapidly to the suture, and bending forward more gradually below the shoulder, forming a distinct sigmoid curve. The interspaces between the ribs are much wider than the ribs themselves, distinctly concave, and crossed by rather feeble cinguli, which arc usually not apparent ou the ribs themselves. On the upper whorls the spiral lines are usually more conspicuous than on the lower ones, but are often indicated chiefly by rather close, shallow furrows. On the body whorl the ribs extend to the base of the siphonal canal before they fade out, and the spiral sculpture becomes coarser and a little more evident on its anterior part and on the canal. The surface is also a little roughened by faint lines of growth, parallel with the ribs. The aperture is oblong-ovate, rather narrow. The outer lip is sharp, thin, projecting forward in the middle in a broadly rounded curve, and slightly receding just above the shoulder, so as to form a broad and shallow sinus a little removed from the suture. The siphonal canal is nearly straight, a little prolonged, distinctly constricted at its base by the incurvature of the outer lip. The columella is straight, tapering anteriorly, its inner edge forming a well-marked sigmoid curve. The epidermis is indistinct. The color of the shell is translucent bluish white. The surface is not glossy, but the texture is more vitreous and delicate than in the more northern and shallow-water species of Propebela.

Paragraph 8: With the coming of the Industrial Revolution in the 18th century, there was a need for coal to be carried from the coalfields in the area of St Helens to the River Mersey for transportation to the growing industrial towns and cities. The first solution was to build the Sankey Canal which opened in 1755 and ran from the Blackbrook canal via Parr to Sankey Bridges, to the west of Warrington. It was extended to the west, to Fiddlers Ferry, five years later. Encouraged by the success of the Stockton and Darlington Railway which opened in 1825, in 1829 a group of local businessmen arranged for a survey for a line from Cowley Hill Colliery, north of St Helens, to Runcorn Gap on the River Mersey. At this time the Liverpool and Manchester Railway, which ran to the south of St Helens, was being built and its surveyor, Charles Blacker Vignoles, was commissioned to undertake the survey; he was later appointed as the engineer. An Act of Parliament was obtained on 29 May 1830. The original capital was £120,000, one-third of which was raised from local coal owners, salt-makers and Liverpool merchants. These included James Muspratt, soap and alkali manufacturer, and Peter Greenall, who had interests in the brewing, coal and glass manufacturing industries. Peter Greenall was elected as the first chairman of a board of ten directors. At the south end of the railway, Widnes Dock was built, which led into the Mersey. This was the world's first rail-to-ship facility. Because of perceived competition from the railway, the Sankey Canal was extended from Fiddlers Ferry to Runcorn Gap by what was known as the "New Cut". The railway terminated between the dock and the end of the canal and Runcorn Gap station was sited to the north of the canal.

Paragraph 9: When professional football was introduced by Football Association of Malaysia (FAM), Sabah also made a reputation of being one of the Malaysian League's most competitive teams. Quality professional players were produced from the ranks during the 1990s, most notably Matlan who helped Sabah finish as runners-up during 1993 and 1994 Malaysia FA Cup, and who at one time was appointed as the national team captain by the then Malaysian national team coach Claude Le Roy. The positive results gained from the beginning of professional era however was cut short by the match fixing scandal that rocked Malaysian football in 1994. The scandal almost destroyed Sabah and Malaysian football in general. Matlan was the one of several players found guilty for being involved in the scandal. As a punishment for their involvement in match fixing, he and the other players were banned for life by FIFA from being involved in football and banished from the state of Sabah by the state government under the Restricted Residence Act. After the scandal, Sabah began its rebuilding process to regain their reputation in Malaysian football. Sabah won their first professional trophy, the Malaysia FA Cup in 1995. In the 1996 season, Sabah won their first league title and went through to the final of the Malaysia Cup for the first time but were beatened by Selangor on penalties. David Rocastle, Sabah reached the final of the 1998 Malaysia FA Cup. With The 2000 season could be considered as Sabah's worst since joining the Malaysian professional league. They were relegated to the second division and could not get past the group stages of the Malaysia Cup. However, Sabah quickly regained its performance in the 2001 season where they finished as runners-up behind Johor FC. In the 2002 season, Sabah lining up players of calibre such as Zainizam Marjan, Khairul Azman Mohamed and foreign striker Josiah Seton, finished third in the league and again managed to get through to the final of Malaysia Cup by beating Selangor Public Bank and Perak. Sabah however finished as runners-up yet again by losing to the same team that beat them in 1996 final, Selangor. This time, Sabah lost by 'golden goal' scored by Mohd Amri Yahyah. In 2003, Sabah again finished third in Liga Premier One. Sabah again reached the final of Malaysia Cup. This time they lost to club-side Selangor MPPJ by 0–3, with hat-trick from Juan Manuel Arostegui.

Paragraph 10: Roxy is curious when Danny asks her for a £700 investment, which he later returns in full, having apparently made a profit. She asks him if she can invest £1000 for his friend to do the same for her, and she is satisfied when she sees him going into a building and meeting somebody. Danny speaks to Glenda on the telephone and tells her to pack a bag. Later, Roxy overhears him on the phone saying he can get a bigger return if he invested more money, so she offers to go halves with him. Danny thinks Ronnie may have figured out his plan when she asks to invest as well, and says he was too late and the deal is off. Glenda arrives in a taxi and Danny tells her he thinks Ronnie is on to him, to which Glenda says they cannot leave empty handed and Ronnie cannot stop them. Glenda urges Danny to find out if Ronnie knows. Ronnie denies overhearing Danny's telephone conversation with Glenda, though Danny tells Glenda that Ronnie is playing games with him. Danny gives Glenda a plane ticket to the United States and says he'll meet her at the airport. Ronnie tells Danny she has worked it out—that Danny is seeing someone. Danny agrees and says it is a married woman, and then calls Glenda to say Ronnie knows about their scheme and Glenda should go to the States on her own. However, she simply tears up the ticket. Danny convinces Roxy to open a joint-signature account so he can help control her money. Glenda returns reveal the plan to Ronnie, after which Roxy catches him putting her cash in a bag. He blames Glenda and Roxy believes him. Roxy attempts to evict her mother but she reveals bruises on her arm and says that Danny has been hitting her. Danny says he is entitled to a share of Archie's money, so Glenda reveals to her daughters that Danny knows Archie was not his father. Danny denies this but Glenda insists it is true, saying that Danny has lied about his middle name being Archie. Ronnie asks to see his driver's license for proof but he says he does not know where it is. Eventually Roxy tells Danny to leave, as she believes her mother over her brother. As Danny leaves, Glenda offers him a key to her flat, revealing her eviction was a lie. In 2011, when Glenda leaves Walford, she moves back into her flat with Danny.

Paragraph 11: According to fellow composer and friend Laura Karpman, Walker was among the few female composers who managed to make her mark in the highly competitive world of Hollywood scoring: “She’s one of a tiny little group, and was the first one to poke through,” Karpman said. “She’s been an incredible mentor to a lot of men and women in Hollywood. She was an important role model.”  Not only did Walker compose, she also conducted, orchestrated, arranged, and oftentimes did all three. Walker had an incredible impact not only on the films and television shows she worked on, but also on the musicians she worked with. When Warner Bros. hired her in 1990 to supervise the music for Batman: The Animated Series, Walker decided to see if she “could find the next generation of orchestral film composers and give them a chance to do this work,” Walker told Daily Variety in 2002. According to a statement by one of more than 30 composers Walker brought in to work on the Batman series, Walker’s “determination to open doors of opportunity for aspiring composers is unrivaled in our industry.” Walker not only supported up-and-coming composers in the industry, she also watched over the orchestra and ensured the musicians would not burn out. In the DVD commentary for Final Destination, Walker recounts a time when there was a problem with music being recorded for a Disney picture she was conducting. The composer and producers were sitting in the control booth, playing back the recordings and bickering, leaving the musicians idle for forty-five minutes. Rather than have them be paid to do nothing, the producers suggested to Shirley that they rehearse music not yet recorded. Shirley agreed but quietly told the orchestra how she felt this was ridiculous, that she didn’t want them wearing out, and she had a different plan. In this particular studio, Shirley was on an elevated platform to where the orchestra was essentially hidden below and only Shirley could be seen from the booth. She utilized this, and knowing that the orchestra couldn’t actually be heard unless recording was in progress, she mimed conducting, waving her arms, pointing to the score, and completely putting on an act for the producers, but all the while telling jokes and keeping things light with the musicians.

Paragraph 12: The band released 3 vinyl-only EP's on the label through 2000, the self-titled debut in February, second "Bookends" in August and third "Montevideo" in November. They released debut album, If You Happy with You Need Do Nothing in March 2001. Explaining the origin of album title, Gorton revealed that "It actually comes from when I was in my old flat and my dentist had changed hands, and I had this Asian dentist who wrote a letter in pidgin English saying 'oh I'm gonna be your new dentist now, if you wanna use your old dentist you have to do this, but if you happy with you need do nothing' and it was in brackets and it was like 'Wow.' So we kept that because it suits what we do". Although the album is technically a compilation of the previous EPs plus new songs Umlaut and 2 Up 2 Down, it is largely considered to be the band's debut and was promoted as such. The band had wanted to record the album afresh, but as Twisted Nerve were unwilling to finance studio time the band were forced to use the existing recordings. In September 2001, the band released a newly recorded version of You Make No Bones as a single. In December 2001, the band were forced to pull out of a gig in Glasgow after guitarist Ian Smith was electrocuted during the soundcheck after he touched a microphone whilst some equipment had reportedly short circuited. He was treated as a local hospital for shock and burns to his hands.

Paragraph 13: In 1974, Charles J. Pilliod, Jr., the new CEO of Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, faced a major investment decision regarding retooling for the radial tire, following the 1973 oil crisis. Despite heavy criticism at the time, Pilliod invested heavily in new factories and tooling to build the radial tire. Today, only Goodyear, Cooper, Titan, and Specialty Tires of America remain independent among US tire manufacturers, and the radial has practically replaced all other construction methods for automobile tires on the market. Sam Gibara, who headed Goodyear from 1996 to 2003, has noted that without the action of Pilliod, Goodyear "wouldn't be around today."

Paragraph 14: A seasonal review column on the Anime News Network called The Stream generally made light remarks of the first four episodes. Written by Bamboo Dong, the editor called the series mindlessly fun; jokingly citing how the cell phones are always pointed directly at the demons as if they would be incapable of fighting if it were otherwise. Dong also likened the series as watching someone else play the video game. The designs of the various demons and Septentriones were described as the most interesting part of the series. On the other hand, the editor described the immense amount of [video game] plot packed into the next batch of four episodes as messy. Dong also referred to the central premise as being pretty dark since it involved the main characters constantly receiving videos showing exactly how their friends would die. The editor gave the series props for not dabbling in the destruction porn taking place since all of the widespread death around Japan is implied, but added that showing some of it would have aided the realism of the story. After reviewing twelve episodes Dong was not able to develop any interest in the characters. This continued into the series finale and Dong still felt that the characters were not fleshed out as much as they could have been. Dong explained that since there was basically no time to explore how the characters reacted to a disappearing world, it was essentially dehumanizing to such an extent that their deaths carried no emotional weight. Dong presented a full series review in their Shelf Life column and expressed that viewers who like brawn, action and some emotion will enjoy the series as long as they can come to terms with the fact that they'll pretty much just be watching someone play a video game for several hours.The Spring 2013 Anime Preview Guide written by Rebecca Silverman, also of the Anime News Network, expressed differing sentiments than that of Dong. Silverman was quick to mention that she had not previously played the game to which the series was based on. With that being said, she described the first episode as not feeling like a game adaptation since you at no point have the sensation of watching someone else play. She also noted that the transformation from the everyday world to one of total chaos and destruction as both swift and impressive. She supported this by citing similar descriptions of the destruction caused by the Great Kantō earthquake of the 1920s. In her full series review, Silverman went into detail about how noticeably dark the series as a whole is when taking into account its animated depictions coupled with the death themes used. Unlike fellow reviewer Bamboo Dong, Silverman felt that character deaths would hit viewers more personally since they get to know them as the story progress and are then suddenly torn down. She further wrote that nearly every character death can potentially pack a punch since they are removed from the ending animation upon their demise. On the other hand, Silverman remarked that some of the characters were truly unlikable as they did not appear to grow and change.

Paragraph 15: Upon being traded to the American League (AL) expansion Angels in  (their first season), Wagner found himself a regular for the first time. He took advantage of the opportunity, hitting .280, with 28 home runs, and 79 RBI, in 133 games. His most productive season came in 1962, when he blasted 37 homers (third highest in the AL), amassed 107 RBI, 96 runs, 164 hits, and 21 doubles (all career highs), while batting .268. Wagner played in both All-Star Games that season (two All-Star Games were held, each year from 1959 through 1962); in the second contest, he went 3-for-4, including a two-run home run. Wagner was voted the second All-Star game's most valuable player and became the first AL player to receive the All-Star Game MVP Award that was first introduced that year and for both games. The first true slugger in Angel history, he hit 91 home runs with 276 RBI in 442 games for them. But in 1963, after his second All-Star selection, he was sent to the Cleveland Indians in the same trade that brought slugging first baseman Joe Adcock and pitcher Barry Latman to the Angels. When Latman’s father-in-law heard about the trade, he said, “It’s impossible; is that all they got for Wagner?" 

Paragraph 16: During 1895, while carrying out the post of Chief of Staff of the XI Army Corps, he was assigned to the expeditionary force which, under the leadership of General Oreste Baratieri, had to face the war with Ethiopia. Landing in Massawa on January 2, 1896 , he was given the command of the 2nd African Infantry Regiment, framed in the 1st Brigade under the command of General Giuseppe Arimondi. As soon as he took office, he immediately brought back a very negative impression of the colonial environment, which seemed to him dominated by arrival and a guilty underestimation of the enemy forces. His fears were confirmed during the Battle of Adwa, which took place on March 1, 1896. The regiment under his command was engaged in combat on unknown terrain and was completely unfavorable, against an enemy superior in number, being practically destroyed. He was one of the few surviving officers of the battle, escaping death thanks to his energy. For his behavior during the battle, he was decorated with the Knight's Cross of the Military Order of Savoy. Returning to Italy on March 1, 1897, exactly one year after the battle, he gave a conference in Turin, entitled Impressions and memories of Africa, in which he spoke about the causes of the defeat with extreme frankness. On August 29 of the same year, he was promoted to the rank of major general and appointed commander of the "Friuli" Brigade. The following year, he assumed the post of first aide-de-camp to the crown prince, HRH Vittorio Emanuele di Savoia, Prince of Naples. On the death of King Umberto I, he continued to serve his successor, Vittorio Emanuele III, as an effective general aide-de-camp. On June 2, 1902, he assumed the post of first adjutant general to the King. This position was extremely important as at the time the sovereign still had a direct interference in the daily life of the Royal Italian Army and the Royal Italian Navy, especially in promotions to the highest military ranks. The delicacy of this assignment was evident, and he always maintained an innate reserve, as well as a strict reserve but over time, complaints were submitted to him from time to time. On March 17, 1912, he received the appointment as Senator of the Kingdom of Italy, swearing on the 27th of the same month. On May 25 of the same year, he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant general.

Paragraph 17: The core role of the CNC is to provide armed policing and security for civil nuclear establishments and materials throughout the United Kingdom and to maintain a state of readiness against any possible attack on a licensed nuclear site.  The CNC is established in Chapter 3, sections 51–71, of the Energy Act 2004. The act sets up the Civil Nuclear Police Authority and the position of chief constable, defines the powers of members of the constabulary, mandates that His Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary must inspect the force and amends several other acts.  It falls under the remit of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy instead of the Home Office.

Paragraph 18: I-41 begins at the I-94/US 41 interchange in Russell, Illinois, located  south of the Wisconsin–Illinois border at the end of the Tri-State Tollway. The highway continues north concurrently with I-94 as part of the North-South Freeway to the Mitchell Interchange in Milwaukee, turns west to run concurrently with I-894 and I-43 as the Airport Freeway to the Hale Interchange (forming a brief wrong-way concurrency with I-43), and turns north to run concurrently as the Zoo Freeway with I-894 and US 45 to the Zoo Interchange, with the US 45 concurrency continuing until the I-41/US 41/US 45 split near Richfield. The Interstate roughly parallels I-43, which runs north–south along Lake Michigan from Milwaukee to Green Bay. I-41 runs through the Fox Valley (including the cities of Fond du Lac, Oshkosh, and Appleton, along with the Fox Cities). At Appleton, I-41 intersects US 10 and State Trunk Highway 441 (WIS 441), the latter of which is a freeway that runs into the city and back to I-41. Further north, I-41 intersects WIS 172 on the south side of Green Bay, before running along the city's west side to its end at the I-43 interchange. The Interstate is approximately  long and located almost entirely within the state of Wisconsin and is completely concurrent with a slightly adjusted alignment of US 41 to its termination in Green Bay.

Paragraph 19: The club was in a two-story building, with a main entrance with six doors behind it leading into the main area of the nightclub. On the night of the fire, four of the six doors were locked. There was also a connection to a nearby hotel, an emergency exit that was locked, and another emergency exit that was blocked by a fence in front of the stage. There were hardly any fire safety measures, with no reports of a fire detection or alarm system, emergency lighting, or fire suppression equipment; ten of the fifteen fire extinguishers were unusable, with no pressure. The nightclub's fire safety license had run out the month before the fire.

Paragraph 20: In mathematics and physics, the Christoffel symbols are an array of numbers describing a metric connection.  The metric connection is a specialization of the affine connection to surfaces or other manifolds endowed with a metric, allowing distances to be measured on that surface.  In differential geometry, an affine connection can be defined without reference to a metric, and many additional concepts follow: parallel transport, covariant derivatives, geodesics, etc. also do not require the concept of a metric. However, when a metric is available, these concepts can be directly tied to the "shape" of the manifold itself; that shape is determined by how the tangent space is attached to the cotangent space by the metric tensor. Abstractly, one would say that the manifold has an associated (orthonormal) frame bundle, with each "frame" being a possible choice of a coordinate frame. An invariant metric implies that the structure group of the frame bundle is the orthogonal group . As a result, such a manifold is necessarily a (pseudo-)Riemannian manifold. The Christoffel symbols provide a concrete representation of the connection of (pseudo-)Riemannian geometry in terms of coordinates on the manifold. Additional concepts, such as parallel transport, geodesics, etc. can then be expressed in terms of Christoffel symbols.

Paragraph 21: DeMarco used Vision's introduction in Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015) as the definitive version of the character when approaching the visual effects for him in WandaVision. Bettany wore a bald cap and face makeup on set to match Vision's color, as well as tracking markers for the visual effects teams to reference. Complex 3D and digital makeup techniques were then used to create the character, with sections of Bettany's face replaced with CGI on a shot-by-shot basis; the actor's eyes, nose, and mouth were usually the only elements retained. Digital Domain handled the Vision and White Vision fight sequences, including their fight over Westview and their confrontation in the library. They created fully digital versions of both the Vision and White Vision, with the model for Vision being based on the one used in Avengers: Infinity War (2018); the company did have existing models of Vision, but they were from Age of Ultron and were not up to the resolution required for the series. The model for White Vision had to be completely different due to the different design for the face panels and costume on White Vision from Marvel's design team; the character has more angular lines than Vision does. The digital model for Vision was then shared with other visual effects vendors for use in earlier episodes, while Digital Domain handled the reveal of White Vision at the end of the previous episode. Digital Domain artists were on set for the filming of the final episode to supervise scenes featuring the two characters, which were each filmed twice so Bettany could portray both versions. Bettany's stunt double Adam Lytle performed the scenes with him, having to learn all the lines for both characters. The visual effects team attempted to retain Bettany's performance as much as possible, in some cases completely replicating his performances on the faces of the digital models. Depicting White Vision in bright sunlight was a challenge, with the effects team having to be strategic with how white they made the character in certain shots. In some instances, they added a "thin film interference layer" that created a slight rainbow effect in front of the character and helped create some variation in the color of his costume. To complete the sequences, Digital Domain replaced the heads of stunt doubles in some instances, and added effects for phasing and Mind Stone beams as well as digital capes using cloth simulations. For the phasing effects, the vendor used a new "muscle transfer tool" that allowed them to automatically move muscle models between the two characters.

Paragraph 22: Darren is a nurse who attends to Val Pollard (Charlie Hardwick) after she collapses with pneumonia. Darren sees Finn Barton (Joe Gill) acting nervous in the waiting area. Finn has a heart-to-heart with Darren and explains that he feels confused as his mother Emma Barton (Gillian Kearney) has just recently come back into his life and Val was like a mother to him. Darren and Finn grow close and arrange to go for a drink. Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins), who had previously claimed she recognized Darren from somewhere, tells Finn that he was at one of Val's HIV talks. Despite not been bothered about Darren's status, Darren misunderstands things and leaves, though later they clear the air and rearrange. His mum, Emma and his brother Ross Barton (Michael Parr) are both uncomfortable with Finn's relationship. When Darren returns from the toilet, he receives a text warning him to stay away from Finn and Darren accuses Finn. Finn denies this, but Darren leaves. After seeing how unhappy Finn is, Victoria later rings Darren and gets him to visit and apologise to Finn. As Finn goes to get changed for their date, Val vandalizes Darren's car by smashing the windows and spray painting it. She plants Finn's missing phone at the car to make Darren accuse Finn. Darren then drives off abandoning Finn. Finn, not knowing who did it, tells Val that he is going to find out who did it, leaving Val uncomfortable. He accuses his brother Ross and then his mum and throws her out. When Val confesses to her husband, Eric (Chris Chittell) and explains how she did it to protect Finn from been in a relationship with someone HIV positive as it put her and Eric's relationship to the test, Eric makes Val confess to Finn. Finn later forgives Val, however, wanting to put things right, Val calls and meets up with Darren and tells him an obsessive ex of Finn's did it, but then confesses that she did it. Finn and Darren then get back together. To impress Darren, Finn pretends that he's a vegetarian and that he shares the same interests as Darren. However, Finn finds that Darren is too overbearing and doesn't get any time to himself. He won't dare dump him as he worries about Darren getting upset. When he misunderstands and believes that Darren is about to propose, with advice from Val, he acts dirty and disgusting to try and 'scare' him off. However, later on in the pub, Darren says he's being trying to dump him and that he finds him annoying, despite Finn explaining his rudeness. Darren then leaves and Finn is upset that someone found him annoying.

Paragraph 23: The flowers occur in small heads of 1 to 3 triplets in the axils of the upper few leaves on a stalk (or peduncle) of  long. Each triplet is subtended by an oblong, softly hairy and glandular bract of  long and 2 mm wide. The individual flower is  long and sit on a flower stalk (or pedicel) of  long, and is subtended by a densely hairy, narrow bract of  long. The zygomorph calyx is  long. The 5 sepals are merged at their base into a tube of about  long, but form teeth towards the tip that are covered in small and large glands and are densely set with white hair on the outside. The upper four teeth are similar in shape and  long and  wide, the tooth adjoining the keel is  long and . As in most Faboideae, the corolla is zygomorph, forms a specialized structure and consists of 5 free white petals. The upper petal, called the banner or standard, measures about  high and  wide and consist of a claw of  long at its base, and an elliptic blade. The blade is adorned by a purple area at the base of about  high and  wide, that functions as a nectar guide. On each side, an ear-shaped appendage reaches somewhat beyond the attachment to the claw, and the tip of the blade is pointy. The 2 lateral petals called wings are about  long and  wide, longer than the keel, each having a narrow claw at their base of  long, and a wider blade with an ear-like extension blade, knife-like but with the tips bulging outwards and curving inwards. The blade is sculptured with 30–55 irregularly parallel lamellae. The 2 lower petals, jointly called the keel, consists of  long claws at base and blades of  long and  wide. The keel envelops a tube of the 10 filaments, the 9 which are merged over almost the entire length are  long and 1 that is attached at its base only is  long. The tube formed by the filaments in turn encloses the  long pistil. Its base is a so-called gynophore of  long, followed by an ovary of  with a papillose surface, next a glabrous style of  thick at the point where it curves upwards for about  and somewhat backwards. The ovary develops into a 1-seeded, hairless, papery thin fruit of  long and  with many glands.

Paragraph 24: The Pohl trial against the Nazi German administration of the "Final Solution" (also known as the WVHA Trial and officially The United States of America vs. Oswald Pohl, et al) was the fourth of the thirteen trials for war crimes that the United States authorities held in their occupation zone in Germany in Nuremberg after the end of World War II. The thirteen trials were all held before U.S. military courts, not before the International Military Tribunal, although both courts presided in the same rooms at the Palace of Justice. They are known collectively as the "Subsequent Nuremberg Trials" or more formally, as the "Trials of War Criminals before the Nuremberg Military Tribunals" (NMT).

Paragraph 25: The line opened for business on July 3, 1868 The State Commissioners who authorized the "experiment" declared it a success, and the Governor authorized its completion to Spuyten Duyvil. The name was later changed to the West Side and Yonkers Patent Elevated Railway Company. The original northern terminus was 29th Street, and the southern terminus was Dey Street. The line used multiple -long cable loops, driven by steam engines in cellars of buildings adjacent to the track. Each loop was started when a car neared it and stopped when it had passed. The cables were equipped with collars fastened firmly onto the moving cable, that the car connected to with "claws", unlike the "grips" of the San Francisco cable-car system. As the claws could not be "slipped" in any manner, the car was jerked each time it moved to the next cable.

Paragraph 26: On August 26, Maj. Gen. Stonewall Jackson led his corps of the Army of Northern Virginia through Thoroughfare Gap, on his way to raiding the Union supply depot at the Manassas Junction. In response to the raid, the following day Union Maj. Gen. Irwin McDowell set out from Warrenton to Manassas Junction to engage Jackson. In order to protect his army's left flank, he dispatched Brig. Gen. James B. Ricketts's brigade and the 1st New Jersey Cavalry under Sir Percy Wyndham towards the Gap. Ricketts stopped at Gainesville,  to the east, while Wyndham occupied the gap. Maj. Gen. James Longstreet's corps, meanwhile, followed in the path of Jackson's march and was approaching the gap from the west late on the evening of August 27.

Paragraph 27: The HRT began life in 1961, after two years of discussions between the National Anti-Vivisection Society (NAVS), the Scottish Society for the Prevention of Vivisection (SSPV), and the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection (BUAV), as "The Lawson Tait Memorial Trust". These discussions were chaired by Wilfred Risdon, Secretary of the NAVS, who also became Secretary of the new Trust, set up to honour the memory of the Scottish surgeon and anti-vivisectionist, Robert Lawson Tait (1845-1899). The Trust started with capital of £5,000, donated by the three participating Societies, with the intention of awarding “substantial” annual prizes to teams of researchers who published results that would do away with the ‘necessity’ “so often quoted by the apologists in the past as a ‘regrettable necessity’” for the use of living animals in their own line of research. After Risdon's death in 1967, the Trust became the Lawson Tait Medical and Scientific Research Trust. A few years later, “Diehard anti-vivisectionists [who] were unable to bring themselves to agree to a Trust that would do business with any scientist involved in any way with animal research … [w]ith the help of the Commissioner of Charity, the Trustees of the Lawson Tait formed the Humane Research Trust in 1974 to give the wider scope that was needed while retaining the original aims. This was very much welcomed by many far-sighted supporters of the Lawson Tait and has encouraged many lay people, not necessarily involved in the anti-vivisection scene, to applaud and support the HRT.”

Paragraph 28: In the 1980s and 90s Dinosaur Cove yielded hypsilophodontid-like dinosaurs as Leaellynasaura amicagraphica and Atlascopcosaurus loadsi, and a Coelurosaur, as well as fragments of what may be a caenagnathid (relatives of the Oviraptors). One fossil from this diverse taxa, collectively called the "polar dinosaurs of Australia", has been interpreted as showing possible adaptations to vision in low light conditions and possibly were warm-blooded; this has been suggested as an explanation for how some of these dinosaurs foraged for food during the polar winter months. It is worth noting that although these dinosaurs lived at polar latitudes, the Cretaceous climate was significantly milder than today, so temperatures within the Antarctic and Arctic Circles were vastly different from the climate at these latitudes today, because the lopsided arrangements of the continents made sea currents and monsoon winds blow across the polar areas and not around them, and so stopped cold pools from developing around the poles.

Paragraph 29: Disturbances act to disrupt stable ecosystems and clear species' habitat. As a result, disturbances lead to species movement into the newly cleared area. Once an area is cleared there is a progressive increase in species richness and competition takes place again. Once disturbance is removed, species richness decreases as competitive exclusion increases. "Gause's Law", also known as competitive exclusion, explains how species that compete for the same resources cannot coexist in the same niche. Each species handles change from a disturbance differently; therefore, IDH can be described as both "broad in description and rich in detail". The broad IDH model can be broken down into smaller divisions which include spatial within-patch scales, spatial between-patch scales, and purely temporal models. Each subdivision within this theory generates similar explanations for the coexistence of species with habitat disturbance. Joseph H. Connell proposed that relatively low disturbance leads to decreased diversity and high disturbance causes an increase in species movement. These proposed relationships lead to the hypothesis that intermediate disturbance levels would be the optimal amount of disorder within an ecosystem. Once K-selected and r-selected species can live in the same region, species richness can reach its maximum. The main difference between both types of species is their growth and reproduction rate. These characteristics attribute to the species that thrive in habitats with higher and lower amounts of disturbance. K-selected species generally demonstrate more competitive traits. Their primary investment of resources is directed towards growth, causing them to dominate stable ecosystems over a long period of time; an example of K-selected species the African elephant, which is prone to extinction because of their long generation times and low reproductive rates. In contrast, r-selected species colonize open areas quickly and can dominate landscapes that have been recently cleared by disturbance. An ideal examples of r-selected groups are algae. Based on the contradictory characteristics of both of these examples, areas of occasional disturbance allow both r and K species to benefit by residing in the same area. The ecological effect on species relationships is therefore supported by the intermediate disturbance hypothesis.

Paragraph 30: Nanao occupies the southeastern coast of Noto Peninsula and is bordered by the Sea of Japan on the east and north, and Toyama Prefecture to the south. Parts of the city are within the borders of the Noto Hantō Quasi-National Park. The name "Nanao" (七尾) literally means "Seven Tails" and is said to be named for the seven mountain ridges (or "tails") surrounding Nanao that are visible when viewed from Joyama (七尾城山), site of the city's historical castle ruins. These ridges are called Kikuo (菊尾, "Chrysanthemum Tail"), Kameo (亀尾, "Turtle Tail"), Matsuo (松尾, "Pine Tail"), Torano'o (虎尾, "Tiger Tail"), Takeo (竹尾, "Bamboo Tail"), Umeo (梅尾, "Plum Tail"), and Tatsuo (龍尾, "Dragon Tail").