Paragraph 1: The first sefirah, Keter, describes the divine superconscious Will that is beyond conscious intellect. The next three sefirot (Chokhmah, Binah and Da'at) describe three levels of conscious divine intellect. In particular, Da'at represents Keter in its knowable form, the concept of knowledge. Will and knowledge are corresponding somewhat dependent opposites. The seven subsequent sefirot (Chesed, Gevurah, Tiferet, Netzach, Hod, Yesod and Malkuth) describe the primary and secondary conscious divine emotions. The sefirot of the left side and the sefira of Malkuth are feminine, as the female principle in Kabbalah describes a vessel that receives the outward male light, then inwardly nurtures and gives birth to the sefirot below them. Kabbalah sees the human soul as mirroring the divine (after Genesis 1:27, "God created man in His own image, in the image of God He created him, male and female He created them"), and more widely, all creations as reflections of their life source in the sefirot. Therefore, the sefirot also describe the spiritual life of man, break down man's psychological processes, and constitute the conceptual paradigm in Kabbalah for understanding everything. This relationship between the soul of man and the divine gives Kabbalah one of its two central metaphors in describing divinity, alongside the other Ohr (light) metaphor. However, Kabbalah repeatedly stresses the need to avoid all corporeal interpretation. Through this, the sefirot are related to the structure of the body and are reformed into partzufim (personas). Underlying the structural purpose of each sefirah is a hidden motivational force which is understood best by comparison with a corresponding psychological state in human spiritual experience.

Paragraph 2: "Diversity marketing involves acknowledging that marketing and advertising must offer alternative ways of communicating to these diverse groups. With that knowledge, diversity marketers aim to develop a mix of different communication methods, in order to reach people in each of the diverse groups present in the market" Thus diversity marketing is the process in which companies study the market they are in or about to enter by different mean(e.g. surveys, focus groups or in some cases telecommunication). Diversity marketing is helping business owners and operators in all levels to connect with society through communication channels that best reach them, this creates exposure for the company which creates brand awareness. Diversity marketing realizes the markets vast differences and the market/consumers have different tastes may it be values, beliefs, interaction type and lifestyle choices. Such vast differences are then tackled by customized marketing strategies

Paragraph 3: Cecchi attended the middle school run by the Piarists, receiving his school diploma in 1894.  That opened the way for him to move on to technical school, and from there to the technical-commercial institute, from where in 1901 he emerged with a diploma in book-keeping and accountancy.   It was an unusual achievement for one from a relatively impoverished background and he was rewarded by being sent to take a holiday with an uncle of his father's who lived at San Quirico d'Orcia, a hill-town on the far side of the neighbouring Province of Siena. He had already embarked on a serious attempt to teach himself how to paint when he was just twelve, and he was now inspired by the Senese countryside to resume his artistic studies through both practical endeavour and reading.   Back in Florence he became a regular presence in the Gabinetto Vieusseux (library) where his energetic autodidacticism was again to the fore. He discovered the works of Gabriele D'Annunzio, a dominating presence in early twentieth century literature.   He also ingested parts of the multi-volume compendium "la Storia della pittura in Italia" ("The History of Painting in Italy"),  by Cavalcaselle and Crowe.   He made sketches of a number of pictures that particularly interested him and took the opportunity to make the acquaintance of Giani Stuparich and Diego Garoglio, who were teachers of Giovanni Papini, and who provided him with advice on his further reading.   (Garoglio recommended Baudelaire and Poe.) These, along with Vittorio Scialoja whom he met at around the same time, exercised a significant influence on his early development as a scholar of the visual arts.   During 1901/02 he undertook a period of military service, which he was able to do while continuing to be based in Florence.   In 1902 he took a job with the Credito Italiano (bank).   From there he moved on, in 1904, to a job as a copyist in the offices of the city hospital.   Whenever he was not working, night and day, he was studying the visual arts.   As a critic he would later gain a particular reputation for his expertise on the Senese School and the Florentine "Quattrocento", both topics on which in due course he would publish insightful books of reference.   A milestone came when he received classics diploma from the prestigious "Convitto nazionale statale Francesco Cicognini" educational institution in Prato.

Paragraph 4: Catharine Montour married a Seneca chief named Telenemut, also known as Thomas Hudson. She and her husband lived in the Finger Lakes region at Queanettquaga, a Seneca town that became known as Catharine's Town. After the village was destroyed by rebel continental forces during the 1779 Sullivan Expedition in the American Revolutionary War, Montour relocated with other Seneca to Niagara. This area was held by the British at the time, although it later became part of New York state. When Schuyler County in western New York was settled by European Americans following the revolution and United States independence, they named several places after Catharine Montour.

Paragraph 5: In 1971 Nissan offered EAL (Electro Anti-lock System) as an option on the Nissan President, this became Japan's first electronic ABS (Anti-lock braking system). There were a few trim levels, but most were sold as the fully-loaded Spec-D that featured the "Full Power Equipment" specification with power seats, power windows, twin A/C units, central door locks, plenty of interior lights and remote-controlled auto-tuning radio, among other features. The Spec-C was similar to the Spec-D, but without the power features. Spec-B was powered by the  H30 engine carried over from the Cedric Special 50. The base Spec-A was also powered by the H30, but had a 3-speed column-shift manual, the only version with a manual transmission as Spec-B, C and D had an automatic transmission. Few changes were made to the 150 series, but in October 1971 the outside mirrors were moved closer to the front of the car, the location of the windshield wipers were changed to increase the amount of glass they swept, and the automatic transmission was changed from Borg-Warner to Nissan. This change was announced by the installation of a badge reading "Nissan Matic" at the rear, instead of the earlier "BW Automatic". The Spec-C trim level was dropped after 1971; all V8 models were now only available in Spec-D.

Paragraph 6: Hüffelsheim is believed to have grown out of a Roman country estate, which after the Frankish conquest under King Clovis about AD 500 would have been taken into ownership by the Frankish nobleman Hufileib (or Hufflilin) and, over time, expanded. About 766, the village had its first documentary mention. As long ago as 800, the first Christian church arose on noble property, which was consecrated to Saint Lambert of Maastricht. The counts of the Nahegau exercised sovereignty over the village. In the 10th century, it was the Archbishopric of Magdeburg that held both the land and the tithes, and later on it was Mainz. About 1200, the village belonged as an Imperial fief to the Rhinegrave of Stein, although he in turn enfeoffed various knightly families with his own landhold. Among these families were the Hundesrucke, the Lords of Sien and the Family von Sickingen-Ebernburg. The Hüffelsheim village lordship was also further granted in fief by the Waldgraves of Kyrburg and Dhaun to other fiefholders, such as Hermann von der Porten and the knights Boos von Waldeck (about 1359). According to legend, a knight Boos supposedly acquired the village of Hüffelsheim by drinking from a boot. Hüffelsheim's current coat of arms acknowledges this legend in one of its charges. On into the 18th century, the Families Boos von Waldeck and Sickingen exercised their rights in Hüffelsheim that had come down to them from the Middle Ages. The village church was converted and enlarged in Gothic times. About 1542, the Hüffelsheim town hall came into being, later acquiring a bakehouse addition in 1575. Next to this lay the lordly estate with the tithe barn. Arising here later was a Boos von Waldeck Amt winery. During the Thirty Years' War, the village was empty of people for some years. Begun thereafter was an ongoing development of community life that has persisted down to the present day. After the Peace of Augsburg, the Reformation was also introduced into Hüffelsheim (about 1557). A village school was established about 1660. The years after the Thirty Years' War, however, also brought hardship with French troops who showed up in the course of King Louis XIV's wars of conquest. The old village church was given a makeover about 1706-1708 as a Baroque hall church and for more than 180 years thereafter, it was shared with the then recently arrived Catholic inhabitants, until the Catholics built their own church in 1886. In the mid 18th century, the Sickingen landholds were sold to the Princes of Bretzenheim. When the French Revolutionary troops came about 1796, however, the time of nobles and lords, even the Barons Boos von Waldeck, came to an end. For two decades, Hüffelsheim, along with the rest of the German lands on the Rhine’s left bank, belonged to France (first the French First Republic), and then eventually Napoleonic France. After Napoleon’s defeat in the German campaign, the last and decisive phase of the War of the Sixth Coalition and indeed of the Napoleonic Wars, the Congress of Vienna grouped Hüffelsheim into the Kingdom of Prussia in 1815. The village remained in Prussia until the end of the Second World War. On 13 August 1913, the King of Prussia – who was also the Emperor of Germany – Kaiser Wilhelm II visited Hüffelsheim. Since 1949, the village has belonged to the then newly founded state of Rhineland-Palatinate.

Paragraph 7: A central theme to Meditations is the importance of analyzing one's judgment of self and others and developing a cosmic perspective:You have the power to strip away many superfluous troubles located wholly in your judgment, and to possess a large room for yourself embracing in thought the whole cosmos, to consider everlasting time, to think of the rapid change in the parts of each thing, of how short it is from birth until dissolution, and how the void before birth and that after dissolution are equally infinite. Aurelius advocates finding one's place in the universe and sees that everything came from nature, and so everything shall return to it in due time. Another strong theme is of maintaining focus and to be without distraction all the while maintaining strong ethical principles such as "Being a good man."

Paragraph 8: Maximus's relations with Vassian Patrikeyev, Ivan Bersen-Beklemishev, and Turkish ambassador Skinder, Metropolitan Daniel's hostility towards him, and Greek's own negative attitude towards Vasili III's intention to divorce Solomonia Saburova decided his fate. A sobor in 1525 accused Maximus of nonconformism and heresy based on his views and translations of ecclesiastic books, disregarding his incomplete knowledge of Russian and obvious mistakes on the part of the Russian scriveners (his improper use of the imperfect tense was used to imply that he no longer believed the Holy Spirit was the Third Person of the Trinity but only had been temporarily). He was then exiled to the Joseph-Volokolamsk Monastery and placed in a dungeon without the right to take communion or correspond. Maximus's "irritating" behavior at the monastery, newly discovered mistakes in his translations, and old suspicions of his unscrupulous relations with the now dead Turkish ambassador were all used against him once again at a new sobor in 1531. Worn out by the harsh conditions of his imprisonment, Maximus acknowledged some minor mistakes in his translations and excessive wine drinking. Finally, the sobor banned him from receiving communion and exiled him to the Otroch Monastery in Tver, where he would spend his next twenty years. The Patriarch of Antioch, Patriarch of Constantinople, and Patriarch of Jerusalem all attempted to negotiate Maximus's release with the Russian authorities, but to no avail. He himself pleaded with Ivan the Terrible (r. 1547–1584) and Metropolitan Macarius for his freedom. Moscow was afraid of Maximus's ability to expose wrongdoings and criticize the powers that be and, therefore, was reluctant to let him go. In 1551 (or 1553 according to other accounts), Maximus was transferred to the Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra at the solicitation of some boyars and Hegumen Artemiy of the lavra. That same year, according to some accounts, the tsar is said to have visited Maximus during his pilgrimage to Kirillo-Belozersky Monastery; Maximus is described as having advised the ruler to take care of the families of soldiers who died in the conquest of Kazan instead of merely praying for the dead. In 1554, Maximus was invited to join a sobor, which would deal with the heresy of Matvei Bashkin, but he refused, being wary of getting entangled in this case.

Paragraph 9: Fred Turner played in over a dozen bands in and around Winnipeg during his early adult years, his first vocal recordings being with the group Pink Plumm, which released one independent single titled "Along Came Pride". Based upon advice Randy Bachman received from Neil Young, Turner was subsequently asked to join Randy's band Brave Belt in 1971. At the time, Turner was playing and singing in a cover band called the D-Drifters. The D-Drifters wanted to continue doing cover songs, and had repeatedly rejected Turner's original compositions. When the call came from Bachman, Turner jumped at the chance to join a band that played original material.

Paragraph 10: Across the Orinoco basin, climates are isothermal, i.e, climates with few temperature variations throughout the year (the difference between the average temperature of the warmer months and the less warm months is only 3°C), as corresponds to the inter-tropical zone. Five major types of climate in the lowlands (up to 800 m above sea level, according to the considerations of Anton W. Goldbrunner), which are the jungle climate (Af in the Köppen classification), savanna (Aw in the same climatic classification), the semi-desert and the desert proper. It is disputed whether there is a monsoon climate (according to the Köppen nomenclature) in the Orinoco basin, which would become the fifth type of climate. In any case, the existence of this climate would be reduced to the Atlantic coast of the Orinoco delta, where the influence of the northern equatorial current (which here is practically a coastal drift) influences to make the rains much more important On the whole coast common to the Guianas and Venezuela, but that diminish abruptly in Venezuela when advancing inland. At higher altitudes four or five thermal, climatic, biotic or ecological floors can be distinguished according to criteria used by different authors and their interest in their field of research. Temperatures have a very limited annual amplitude (about 3°C or less), although their daily amplitude is much higher and around 10°C. Rainfall is high, especially in Venezuelan Guayana, where it reaches very high values (4000 mm or more) in some fairly extensive areas. In Los Llanos, rainfall is much lower (1500 to 2000 mm, with an elevation of this amount towards the foothills of the Andes) and gives rise to the presence of savanna vegetation, with gallery forests next to the rivers, and in the Andean piedmont, tropophile forests, which lose much of their leaves during the dry season. The climate chart of Ciudad Bolívar shows the behavior of rains (blue line) and temperature (red line). The shading in yellow indicates the season or season of drought (deficit of precipitations, according to the xerothermic index of Gaussen). However, Ciudad Bolívar's climate is not representative of the entire Orinoco basin, but is rather an anomaly, in the sense that, because of its location with respect to the prevailing winds (by the action of mountains north-eastern Venezuela and the plateaus of the south-east) and this city being somewhat distant from the sea (the influence of the rainfall of the coastal drift in the Venezuelan Atlantic coasts), the precipitations are quite smaller than they should be.

Paragraph 11: Madhur Jaffrey CBE (née Bahadur; born 13 August 1933) is an Indian-born British-American actress, food and travel writer, and television personality. She is recognized for bringing Indian cuisine to the western hemisphere with her debut cookbook, An Invitation to Indian Cooking (1973), which was inducted into the James Beard Foundation’s Cookbook Hall of Fame in 2006. She has written over a dozen cookbooks and appeared on several related television programmes, the most notable of which was Madhur Jaffrey's Indian Cookery, which premiered in the UK in 1982. She was the food consultant at the now-closed Dawat, which was considered by many food critics to be among the best Indian restaurants in New York City.

Paragraph 12: The move away from timar farming, and to privatized revenue collection, took place against the backdrop of massive upheaval in the 17th and early 18th century Ottoman Empire. Previously, the timar system had been supported by Ottoman military advances and newly conquered territories, opening up newly conquered territories to be assigned, as well as provided spoils of war to pay the troops, which encouraged continual campaigning. However, the slowing and eventual end of Ottoman territorial expansion put this era of easy land to an end. Around the same time, warfare and the Ottoman army faced drastic changes. Salaried infantry equipped with  firearms replaced sipahi cavalrymen, and their tax levies. In 1695, malikane mukata’a, or life-term tax farms, were introduced, granting buyers the right to revenues on the parcel until the death of the holder, and freeing them from local oversight in exchange for incentivizing long-term growth. As the shift to mukata’a began to gain traction, a new class in Ottoman society began to emerge. With the privatization of annual revenue collection, wealthy officials, or those with the access to information that could make them wealthy in the new investing market for mukata’a, had the ability to turn corners of the Empire into their own private fiefdoms, exerting control through a network of agents. However, Ariel Salzmann identifies this phenomenon not as a loss of control for the center, but instead “rationalized state control in a politically effective form.” Malikane mukata’a contracts, thus, became a way to extend the definition of the center, allowing the wealthy across the empire to become part of the center, and “curb the power of local officials who often usurped the state’s prerogatives over taxation”. With the inclusion of elite from every corner of the empire, financed by Jewish, Greek and Armenian bankers, a new Ottoman ruling class emerged, open to any with the wealth or savvy to buy into the system.

Paragraph 13: Along with the socioeconomic factor of health disparities, race is another key factor. The United States historically had large disparities in health and access to adequate healthcare between races, and current evidence supports the notion that these racially centered disparities continue to exist and are a significant social health issue. The disparities in access to adequate healthcare include differences in the quality of care based on race and overall insurance coverage based on race. A 2002 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association identifies race as a significant determinant in the level of quality of care, with blacks receiving lower quality care than their white counterparts. This is in part because members of ethnic minorities such as African Americans are either earning low incomes, or living below the poverty line. In a 2007 Census Bureau, African American families made an average of $33,916, while their white counterparts made an average of $54,920. Due to a lack of affordable health care, the African American death rate reveals that African Americans have a higher rate of dying from treatable or preventable causes. According to a study conducted in 2005 by the Office of Minority Health—a U.S. Department of Health—African American men were 30% more likely than white men to die from heart disease. Also African American women were 34% more likely to die from breast cancer than their white counterparts. Additionally, among African American and Latino infants, mortality rates are 2 to 3 times higher than other racial groups.

Paragraph 14: Just west of the ABLA's was a small neighborhood affectionately known as "'cross Ashland," named for the southern twang where many residents of the downtown and the projects pronounced its location. Bordered by Ashland Ave. to the east, Western Ave. on the west, the 15th Pl. train tracks to the south and Roosevelt Rd. on the north. This area originally went as far north as Polk, pre-dating the Medical district. Many black and Jewish people lived in the area through much of the 20th century until the late sixties when most Jews, Poles, and Italians moved away. Cross Ashland also extended east all the way to Halsted. Before the ABLA homes were constructed many black people worked at the various rail yard companies at 15th St. before the companies all moved to foreign lands and the suburbs. They were proud to leave the oppressive south and work arduous hours to feed families and attend barbecues. In 2005 this community of roughly 10,000 in the fifties and 5,000 in the nineties was eventually brought to an end in a mass fire sale to land developers. Today the Cross Ashland area remains underdeveloped save for the new FBI building and University Police Station.

Paragraph 15: Seetha told his son Santhosh to invite Anu, As Anu visits Santhosh's house she became surprised and she agrees to marry Santhosh after seeing that he is rich. While she move out, she found that Sanjeev was the younger brother of Santhosh. Anu shocked about it and thought if Abi marries Sanjeev, then she will lead a rich life. So she decides to fix a fiancée for Abi. Anu met a poor and thief name Salman and she request to marry Abi. Salman and his mother Nagalakshmi were exited and accepted to marry Abi. Sanjeev, on hearing Abi will marry Salman, he beats Salman and he found that Salman is a fraud and stops Abi from marrying him. Then the police come and arrests Salman. Now Seetha's husband Ramachandran's sister Chinthamani called her daughter Sreeja to come and to fix her as Sanjeev's fiancée. When Anu came to Santhos's house, she met Sreeja and Chinthamani and they discussed about Abi was in love with Sanjeev. So they planned to separate them. But Abi and Sanjeev resist the scheme. Anu strictly warns her parents to hide that she has a twin sister from Santhosh's parents, so they do. After some days, Anu betrothed with Santhosh and Sreeja betrothed with Sanjeev. But Sanjeev hates Sreeja and he discovers her plan, he and his uncle Kaali decides to focus on Sreeja and Anu's plans. Sanjeev told everything to Abi, so she helped him and their love became stronger. One day Santhosh saw Sanjeev with one girl, then he found that, the girl was Anu's twin sister Abi. So Santhosh decides to help them to marry. On the day of marriage, Anu, Sreeja and Chinthamani decides to kidnap Abi, so Sanjeev will marry Sreeja. So they called Salman and Nagalakshmi to kidnap, but Sanjeev and Kaali knows the plan and they prevent the crime. Again Anu pretended to be injured to Abi. Anu told Abi to leave Sanjeev. Abi exits Sanjeev's life and leaves the marriage hall. Then after some hours Anu feels guilty about her attitude towards Abi, that time Sreeja and Chinthamani conversed about Abi to be killed and they will blame Anu for Abi's death. When Anu heard, she warns them and allows Abi and Sanjeev marriage and she will reveal the truth to everybody. Sreeja and Chinthamai became dismayed and angered on Anu. Sreeja and Chinthamani murder Anu. Same time Sanjeev found Abi and he told to everybody that she is Anu's twin. Ramachandran and others became aghast about it and scold Kandhasamy and Deivanai for that. As Anu's name should not be spoil, Abi lies to Sanjeev that she loves him for fake. Sanjeev got more anger on Abi and he hates her. Seetha search Anu, then she saw Anu was lying down with blood flowing. Seetha tries to help Anu but she told every incident to Seetha and unfortunately Anu died. Sreeja argues Sanjeev to marry her, suddenly Santhosh decides to marry Sreeja for Sanjeev and Abi's life to be happy. Then finally due to miserable circumstances Sanjeev married Abi without interest and Santhosh married Sreeja. After the marriage ends, Kandhasamy, Deivanai and Abi worries about Anu's death. Sanjeev is angry with Abi and unwillingly he invites her into his house. He plans to divorce her and they both keep this fact a secret from the family. Anu came as a spirit and helps Abi to reunite with Sanjeev. However, Sreeja and Chintamani become aware of existence and decide to take help of a pandit to somehow destroy her.

Paragraph 16: On February 19 during the NJPW New Years Golden Series, Kanemaru and Desperado competed in a four-way tag-team match for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championships, but the match was won by Six or Nine (Master Wato and Ryusuke Taguchi), whilst also involving champions Flying Tiger and El Phantasmo and Taiji Ishimori. In March, Kanemaru entered the New Japan Cup, receiving a bye to the second round, but lost to Cima. On May 1 at Wrestling Dontaku, Kanemaru and Desperado faced Six or Nine for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight tag team championships, but were defeated. In the same month, Kanemaru competed in the Best of the Super Juniors, competing in the A Block. Kanemaru finished with 8 points, failing to advance to the finals. In June at Dominion 6.12 in Osaka-jo Hall, Kanemaru teamed with El Desperado and Zack Sabre Jr to face House of Torture (Evil, Yujiro Takahashi and Sho) for the NEVER Openweight 6-Man Tag Team Championship, but lost. Later in the month, Kanemaru competed in a tournament to advance to AEW x NJPW: Forbidden Door for a chance to be crowned the inaugural AEW All-Atlantic Championship, however Kanemaru was defeated by Tomohiro Ishii in the qualifying round.  Six days later, Kanemaru and Desperado teamed on the buy-in of AEW x NJPW: Forbidden Door, against Swerve in our Glory (Keith Lee and Swerve Strickland), in a losing effort. In October, Kanemaru competed in another tournament to crown the inaugural NJPW World Television Championship, but lost to David Finlay in the first round. In November, Kanemaru competed in the Super Junior Tag League, this time teaming with Douki. The duo ended the tournament campaign with 8 points failing to advance to the finals. At the World Tag League & Best of the Super Juniors finals, Minoru Suzuki announced the disbandment of Suzuki-gun by the end of the year. The final match between the faction took place on December 23, where the team of Taichi, Sabre Jr, Kanemaru and Douki defeated Suzuki, Lance Archer, Desperado and Taka Michinoku. After the match, each of the Suzuki-gun members spoke about their memories as a part of the group and thanked leader Suzuki. The night ended with all members posing with the Suzuki-gun flag, only to be interrupted by former member Takashi Iizuka, causing all 9 men to pose in the ring, behind the Suzuki-gun flag.

Paragraph 17: When visiting San Francisco, Tony Patucci, an aging illiterate winegrower from the Napa Valley, sees waitress Amy Peters and falls in love. Returning home, he persuades his foreman Joe, an incorrigible womanizer, to write her a letter in Tony's name. Tony's courtship by mail culminates with a proposal, and when she requests a picture of him, he sends one of Joe. Amy accepts and goes to Napa to be married. Although horrified to discover that her prospective husband is the portly Tony, she decides to go through with the marriage. However, while Tony is in bed after an accident, Amy and Joe have an affair. Two months later, as Tony plans the wedding, she discovers that she is pregnant. Upon learning this, Tony pummels Joe, who leaves the vineyards. but forgives Amy, and insists that they still be married. But she is unable to forgive herself, so she leaves with the priest who has come to marry them, while Tony looks on, hoping that she will return one day.

Paragraph 18: The château is located on the west side of the Canal de Caen à la Mer, on the southeast edge of the town of Bénouville, and just southwest of the Pegasus Bridge, made memorable on D-Day. During World War II the château/maternity hospital was run since 1935 by Madame Lea Vion surnamed 'la comtesse', director (from 1947-1953 she was even mayor of Benouville) who also led a resistance group of the GMO belonging to the réseau 'Centurie'. The maternity hospital became a hearth of resistance for the region. Fugitive Allied pilots and French youth unwilling to work for the Germans found a safe haven here. Weapons and a maquis-wireless transmitter were hidden here. Vion  was in frequent contact with resistance activists Leonard Gille, Rene Duchez and Henri Leveille. One of her informants was Georges Gondrée, the café owner near the bridge over the Caen Canal, who secretly collected information on German defences there for the benefit of D Company 2nd Ox and Bucks under Major John Howard who would storm the bridge successfully in the night before D-Day. Via Madame Vion this important information from Gondree was sent through to England. On D-Day morning soldier Wally Parr, a sniper from the Ox and Bucks, fired some rounds from a German 5 cm. anti tank-gun towards and over the château, because he erroneously thought German snipers to be present upon the roof of the building after he had seen 'something flickering'(most probably the fieldbinoculars of an observing  German Lieutenant). Major Howard made him stop this dangerous activity. Howard told Parr there were women in labour inside the chateau. At this very same moment, however, German Lieutenant Hans Hoeller, artillery officer from 8. Kompanie (Schwere Waffen), 192. Panzergrenadierregiment, Kampfgruppe Rauch, 21st Panzerdivision was standing on top of the château together with a sergeant and soldier in order to observe the canal bridge. Earlier Hans Hoeller had frustratingly found that his anti-tank troop could not pass through Benouville, because of too heavy resistance from British parachutists belonging to A Company, 7th Para Battalion under command of Nigel Taylor. He sought a suitable place to set up his batteries. Madame Vion had tried in vain to stop Lt. Hoeller from entering the "chateau". Hoeller and his colleagues were subsequently forced by Wally Parr's shelling to retreat downstairs immediately before opening their own fire on the Ox and Bucks defending the canal bridge nearby.

Paragraph 19: In The Sea of Monsters, Tyson first appears as a huge homeless kid that is taken in as a class project by Merriweather Prep, Percy's school. Tyson is sensitive, childish and bullied with Percy being his only friend. However, it's also suggested that Tyson's presence in Percy's life has shielded him from attack throughout the year as monsters are too afraid to attack Percy while he is with a Cyclops. When Laistrygonian giants attack in the guise of a dodgeball game, Tyson's powers as a Cyclops shield him from harm and level the playing field, allowing him to defeat several of the giants before Annabeth Chase intervenes to finish the job. Due to her own bad experiences with Cyclopes, Annabeth reluctantly takes Tyson with them to Camp Half-Blood where his immunity to fire proves to be vital in defeating the attacking Colchis Bulls. Annabeth reveals Tyson's true nature to Percy and the young Cyclops faces a great deal of prejudice from the other campers due to his monster heritage and frustration from Percy when Poseidon claims Tyson as his son, causing Percy to be bullied as well. The sole exception to the bullying is Charles Beckendorf whose father, Hephaestus, employs Cyclopes, causing Beckendorf to befriend Tyson and train him in metalworking. When Percy and Annabeth secretly leave on a quest for the Golden Fleece, they only reluctantly take Tyson along and he befriends the hippocampus Rainbow who transports them to the Princess Andromeda. While trying to enter the Sea of Monsters, Tyson is apparently killed when the CSS Birmingham explodes as Tyson is trying to fix the engine at the time, the only one capable of withstanding the extreme heat. Tyson later resurfaces on Polyphemus' island, having survived the explosion before being rescued by Rainbow. Polyphemus calls Tyson his half-brother, but Tyson helps Percy to defeat Polyphemus, rejecting the other Cyclops for his evil ways. After returning to camp, Tyson repairs and upgrades Percy and Annabeth's chariot for the second chariot race and provides them with weapons. His gift to Percy, a wristwatch that Tyson had spent the summer working on, turns out to be a shield which proves to be vital in their victory. Afterwards, Tyson reveals to Percy that having faced a hard life of constant monster attacks, he had prayed to their father who had led Tyson to Percy. Having received an offer to work in Poseidon's underwater Cyclops forges, Tyson leaves on Rainbow, saddening Percy who has come to see the Cyclops as a true brother.

Paragraph 20: In Hollywood, with the help of adult video store employee Max California, Welles delves into the world of underground (and sometimes illegal) fetish pornography.  He attempts to find out if snuff films are real, or if there is anyone in this underworld who was connected to this film. Contact with sleazy talent scout Eddie Poole leads them to director Dino Velvet, whose violent pornographic films star a masked man known as "Machine" who rapes and tortures women. To gain more evidence, Welles pretends to be a client interested in commissioning a hardcore BDSM film to be directed by Velvet and starring Machine. Velvet agrees and arranges a meeting in New York City.

Paragraph 21: Truex said in victory lane that the win was "just – this is unbelievable. So many people to thank obviously. I’ve always loved this race track. I’ve led a lot of laps here in my career. I feel like just something always happened and just so proud to get to victory lane with this group. The pit crew was flawless tonight. They won us the race. They took a lot of heat from last week with what happened. I'm glad he's (Ryan Newman) not riding home with me – he'd be waiting a while. But just a big weekend for us to – we’ve had a terrible string of back luck. We’ve had super-fast race cars. Auto-Owners Insurance, this is their second race with us and one more with us this year and really excited for them. They went a little retro. I’ve got my zoot suit. This is something here that's really special to us – I ran this wheel today and it's real special to take that thing to victory lane. We do a lot with our foundation for ovarian and pediatric cancer. It's awareness month for both of those diseases, so big day for us there, but just can't say enough about this team and Barney Visser (team owner) and Toyota and TRD (Toyota Racing Development) – the engines have been unbelievable this year – and Bass Pro Shops and Furniture Row, Denver Mattress and everybody that's made this possible. Cole Pearn (crew chief) and these guys are just amazing. I knew when the bad luck would stop coming we'd start racking them off. We do a lot with our foundation for ovarian and pediatric cancer. It's awareness month for both of those diseases, so big day for us there, but just can't say enough about this team and Barney Visser (team owner) and Toyota and TRD (Toyota Racing Development) – the engines have been unbelievable this year – and Bass Pro Shops and Furniture Row, Denver Mattress and everybody that's made this possible. Cole Pearn (crew chief) and these guys are just amazing. I knew when the bad luck would stop coming we'd start racking them off and tonight we weren't the best car for once and we actually won, so that was really cool and just couldn't be more excited to win at Darlington, the Southern 500. I’ve been wanting to win this thing a long time and got to thank Sprint, the fans were great – tons of fans here today – and really excited. Glad they stuck around for a good finish and I don't know – I could go on and on for hours I guess. Well, it just was frustrating to lead laps here throughout my career and even in years when we didn't run that well at teams I was on, we seemed to run well here and felt like we let a few slip away. It was worth the wait for sure, so we'll do some celebrating tonight and just can't thank everybody enough again – everybody at (Joe) Gibbs (Racing), all those guys, great teammates – just so many people I need to thank. The pit crew – man, I can't say it enough, what a job they did tonight. I appreciate them.”

Paragraph 22: Dr. Kohmyoji creates Jiro (Kikaider) but an explosion occurs. When Dr Kohmyoji's kids, Mitsuko and Masaru, their father was nowhere to be found, Jiro wandering aimlessly in a remote area eventually meets Mitsuko. Mitsuko teaches Jiro to go into his robot form and about the GEMINI system inside him. The two grow closer together but the relationship development halts when a mysterious flute playing causes Jiro to attack Mitsuko, which causes her to believe he is a mad machine. Jiro inevitably leaves Mitsuko and Masaru in fear of being destroyed. Mitsuko then hires Hanpei Hattori and his apprentice Etsuko Sarutobi to find Jiro and bring him home. Throughout the story, Jiro encounters robots and learns more about Professor Gill and the evil organization DARK. A reoccurring android named Hakaider causes Jiro out of control by whistling (similar to Gill's flute). The more Mitsuko encounters Jiro the more she falls in love with him. When Mitsuko and Jiro reunite, they search for Mistuko's mother who is revealed to be in love with Professor Gill but could not bare the pain of being away from her children and gives them the location to Professor Gill's headquarters right before she killed herself. After they discover the location, Jiro attempts to fight Hakaider alone and also discovers the brain inside Hakaider's head is that of Dr. Kohmyoji's. Dr. Kohmyoji overtakes Hakaider's body before Hakaider could destroy it and infiltrates the headquarters. Once Professor Gill discovers Dr. Kohmyoji is in control he sends his robots to attack them. Jiro was able to give the brain to Hanpei in order to put it back into Dr. Kohmyoji's body. Professor Gill attempts to control Jiro with his flute, but Jiro to is able to overcome it. Hakaider then attempts to kill Professor Gill for betraying him and destroys the place along with Gill. Hanpei, Mitsuko and Etsuko able to escape, but didn't see Jiro escape with them. In the end, Mitsuko has hope that Jiro will return to them.

Paragraph 23: The name Canada Bay honours a link between Australia and Canada. Following the Lower Canada Rebellion of 1837 to 1838, two Irish and 58 French Canadian rebels were deported to Australia. At the request of the local Catholic bishop, they were brought to Sydney. Imprisoned at Longbottom Stockade (which was located at what is now Concord Oval), the convicts broke stone for the construction of Parramatta Road and collected oyster shells for making lime. In 1842, the French Canadians were allowed to work outside the prison. Between 1843 and 1844, all received pardons and, except for two people who died and one (Joseph Marceau) who settled in Dapto, all returned to Canada.

Paragraph 24: On 11 June 2021, Bullet for My Valentine unveiled a new Patreon page, The Army of Noise, posting that it is "the only place to get the latest BFMV news, early tix, BTS, merch discounts and exclusive items, signed gifts and more. Plus, a portion of each sub goes to the Teenage Cancer Trust." On 15 June 2021, ahead of their headline slot at this weekend's Download Pilot, the band announced that they are planning to release new music on Friday, 18 June, with a 30-second video teaser hinting at some potentially heavy new music. On that day, the band officially released the new single "Knives" along with its music video. At the same time, they officially announced that their self-titled seventh studio album was set for release on 22 October 2021 while also revealed the album cover and the track list. On 23 July 2021, the band released the second single "Parasite" and its corresponding music video. On 10 September 2021, the band released the third single "Shatter" alongside an accompanying music video. On 20 September 2021, due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and manufacturing delays, the band announced that they pushed back the release of the album to 5 November 2021. On 1 October 2021, one month before the album release, the band released the fourth single "Rainbow Veins". On 8 April 2022, the band released the fifth single "Omen" while also announcing the deluxe edition of the album which is set to be released on 8 July 2022. At the same time, the band officially revealed the album cover and the track list. On 30 April 2022, the band delayed the release of the deluxe edition from 8 July 2022 to 5 August 2022. On 27 May 2022, the group unveiled another single "Stitches". On 29 July 2022, their seventh single, "No More Tears to Cry", was released.

Paragraph 25: Otterness began his career as a public art sculptor during his period with Colab and The Real Estate Show. He sold small, plaster figures for $4.99 at Artists Space in New York for the 1979 holiday season. His inspiration was the plaster replicas of Jesus and Elvis and Santería sculptures in botanica shops in the Bronx. "I thought "Oh, this is public art… This is something that everyone can afford and take home." The next year he made a series of small plaster proto monuments for Colab's famous 1980 The Times Square Show, which he helped organize. This show featured inexpensive works by some 150 artists, including Kiki Smith, David Hammons and Jenny Holzer. He began showing with New York's Brooke Alexander Gallery soon after.

Paragraph 26: Terry reappears in August 1999 and buys his mother Vera a posh car. The car is revealed as being a death trap when it is involved in a car crash which indirectly resulted in the death of Judy Mallett the following month. On Christmas Day, Terry interrupts a Christmas dinner and is punched by Judy's husband Gary for causing Judy's death. Jack then tells his son how much misery he had brought down on Gary, and told him to never return to Coronation Street again. Alone with Terry, Vera finally stands up to her son, telling him he is evil and she slaps him. Terry resented  Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) when he moved in and became a son to Jack and Vera. In November 2000, when his son Paul needed a kidney transplant, Terry returned and offered to be a donor for a price. But once he received the money he does a runner, leaving his mother Vera to donate instead. Reading a letter penned to him by Vera in case the worst should happen, she admitted to Jack a fling early in their marriage which cast doubt on Terry's paternity. Jack admits to Curly that he knew of the affair, but also had no doubt in his mind that Terry was his son as he reminded Jack too much of himself. The operation saves Paul's life, Vera nearly dies when she had an allergic reaction. Terry, in a rare show of heart, returns to the hospital to make sure his mother was okay before disappearing once again. Jack and Vera hear Terry once again when he is imprisoned again in October 2001. He claims, he has been framed for an attempted murder by a policeman who wanted revenge because Terry had been having an affair with his wife. This is revealed to be true, and Jack helps him, despite his better instincts. Terry is released from prison in January 2002 when he is proven innocent. He subsequently makes peace with Jack and Vera. Terry eventually sets up home with a girlfriend called Nadine in Sheffield, and had a job selling double glazing. He later moves to Wolverhampton and began selling mobile phones.

Paragraph 27: The Basithashram or Basistha Temple also comes under Beltola  Mouza. It was built by Ahom King Swargadeo Rajeswar Singha in the middle of eighteenth century. Early inhabitants of Beltola consisted mostly of Garos, Karbis, Lalungs, Rabha and Koch-Kachari, while small numbers of Manipuris, Kalitas and Muslims in Beltola are settlers of later periods. No records exist about the rulers of Beltola prior to Gaj Narayan of the Koch dynasty. In 1613 CE, Parikshit Narayan, the ruler of Koch Hajo, was defeated by the Mughals. He was taken as a prisoner and was  escorted to Delhi where he had an audience with Mughal Emperor Jahangir. On acknowledging Mughal supremacy and on the agreement of annual tribute of four lakhs rupees, the Emperor returned his kingdom. While on his way back, Parikshit Narayan fell ill and died. On his death, the Mughals annexed his kingdom and set up Hajo as their headquarters in Assam.  Bijit Narayan, the young son of Parikshit Narayan was set up as a tributary king of a small state, named after him, called Bijni. On the defeat of Parikshit Narayan, his two brothers Balinarayan and Gaj Narayan, fled to the Ahom Kingdom and sought refuge from Ahom King Swargadeo Pratap Singha. Swargadeo Pratap Singha had married the daughter of Parikshit Narayan, Mangaldohi, and later set up the Mangaldoi town on her respect. Owing to this matrimonial alliance, Swargadeo Pratap Singha granted refuge to these Koch princes. Meanwhile, the Mughal Governor demanded their extradition, which Swargadeo Pratap Singha refused. This and other causes of offence led the Mughal Governor to decide on the invasion of the Ahom Kingdom, leading to Ahom-Mughal conflict. The invading Mughal forces were defeated and driven back to their own territory. After the victory, in 1615 CE Swargadeo Pratap Singha installed Balinarayan as the tributary ruler of Darrang and renamed him as Dharmanarayan, while his brother Gaj Narayan was set up as a tributary ruler in Beltola. Gajnarayan was instructed to administer under the supervision of Borphukan, the Ahom viceroy of Lower Assam.  Gaj Narayan and his descendants ruled Beltola as a tributary chiefs under the Ahom sovereigns. Treasury records of late Ahom period showed that the rulers of Beltola used to pay 2500 rupees as annual tribute to the Ahom Government. After the decline of Ahom supremacy and the fall of Ahom Kingdom in Assam, Beltola came under British occupation. After capturing the Ahom Kingdom, the British divided the erstwhile Ahom kingdom into Mouzas or revenue circle for the purpose of smooth administration. In each Mouza, one Mouzadar was appointed who was entrusted with the task of collecting taxes and administration. The British reduced the status of Beltola from kingdom to Mouza and that of the ruler from King to Mouzadar, though certain terms were set up in favour of the royal family. Beltola Mouza was specially categorized as Raj Mouza or Principality. The rulers were allowed to retain the title of Raja in their names and the official post of the Mouzadar of Beltola was made hereditary and was reserved for the royal family of Beltola. After the independence of India in 1947, the Government of India abolished zamindari or system of land lords in 1956, due to which the royal family of Beltola lost much of their land rights. Later in 1974, the Government of India abolished all the special privileges bestowed to former royal families of India. The royal family of Beltola was also affected by these changes and the rank of Beltola Mouza was demoted from Raj Mouza to that of general category Mouza.  The official post of Mouzadar remained with the royal family and till now the post of Mouzadar was held hereditarily by them, though they do not have any power of administration except collecting land taxes for Government of Assam.

Paragraph 28: The date was changed once more to August 3, before it was finally released in stores on August 24, 1995, the same day as the Microsoft's operating system Windows 95 version. Phantasmagoria came out first for Windows 95, Windows 3.1 and MS-DOS, then for Macintosh computers in November 1995. A hint book by Sierra came out at the same time as the game. Phantasmagoria was also ported to Sega Saturn and spanned eight discs exclusively in Japan, where it was fully translated and dubbed into Japanese, and released by Outrigger under the name Phantasm. In response to all the delays, Vince Broady, executive editor of the monthly publication Multimedia World, said Sierra may have been attempting to avoid the same mistakes from the previous year with Outpost, for which the company released many advertisements and reviews, but then over-promoted and released before it was finished. Sierra spokeswoman Kathy Gillmore admitted that mistakes were made in marketing Outpost and Sierra had tried to fix them. The minimum system requirements were an IBM compatible 486–25, 8 megabytes of RAM, 5 megabytes hard disk space, SVGA (256 colors) and a 2x CD-ROM. It supported Sound Blaster-compatible sound cards, and for MS-DOS the game worked with a megahertz chip. It sold for as much as $80 in some stores, but was typically sold for $69.95.Phantasmagoria was heavily advertised by Sierra in advance of its release, and the company touted it as its biggest game to date. It was Sierra's first computer game targeted to an adult audience. There was no legislated rating system for computer games in the United States in place, although one was being debated before the U.S. Senate at the time. Sierra was among several major software companies that voluntarily supported the ratings system designed by the Entertainment Software Rating Board, which rated games so adults could make decisions about software purchases. The game was given an "M" rating for "mature" audiences, meaning intended for audiences 17 or older. As a result, it carried a content warning on the box that said "contains adult subject matter." The game box prominently displayed this rating, as well as a warning on the back panel that the game contains adult subject matter inappropriate for children. It also encouraged parents to review the material before providing it to children and asked retailers not to sell it to minors. Phantasmagoria also received mature ratings in Germany and the United Kingdom.

Paragraph 29: Craft artisan organizations already existed when Díaz came to power in 1876, as mutualist organizations or worker benevolent societies, and conducted strikes. The Gran Círculo de Obreros de México had nearly 30 branches in Mexico, calling for benefits beyond aiding of workers when they were sick, injured, or died. In 1875, the Congreso Obrero sought broader goals, including education for adult workers, compulsory education for children, and representation of their goals to authorities. The labor movement was not unified, including on whether to take political positions. During the late 1870s and early 1880s, journeyman artisans could no longer successfully aspire to being master artisans owning their own shop. Their discontent led to agitation, but the formation of combative industrial labor organizations in the later nineteenth century can be seen as roots of the modern labor movement in Mexico. After 1900, as Mexico’s economy was expanding dramatically with the infusion of foreign capital and the growth of various industries, organized industrial labor grew as well. Workers resisted mechanization of such industries as textiles, where owners sought higher productivity per worker. Strikes in cotton textile mills took place, with the Río Blanco strike being the best known. Railway workers were the best unionized in the late Porfiriatio, with some 50% of them being unionized. There was not a single union, but rather split along particular tasks, such as engineers and firemen. More highly skilled jobs were dominated by U.S. workers, and Mexican laborers were paid less for the same work. Mine workers also organized, with the Cananea Strike in 1906 the most widely known, since the mine was owned by U.S. interests and armed men from Arizona crossed into Mexico to suppress the strike. Although the Liberal Party of Mexico (PLM) advocated radical changes in favor of labor, most industrial workers were reformist not revolutionary. As the Díaz regime failed to respond to calls for reform, many workers saw regime change as desirable. With the expansion of the railway network, workers could seek work far away from their homes. In Mexico City, the development of a streetcar system, initially mule-drawn cars, and later electric ones, allowed for mass transportation. Street car companies employed a variety of workers to build the tracks, maintain the cars and mules, and serve as conductors.

Paragraph 30: For the film The Towering Inferno (1974), Steve McQueen, Paul Newman and William Holden all tried to obtain top billing. Holden was refused as his diminished star power was no longer considered to be in the league of McQueen's and Newman's. To provide dual top billing and mollify McQueen, the credits were arranged diagonally, with McQueen at the lower left and Newman at the upper right. Thus, each actor appeared to have top billing depending on whether the poster was read from left to right or top to bottom. Technically, McQueen has top billing and is mentioned first in the film's trailers; however, at the end of the movie, as the cast's names roll from the bottom of the screen, Newman's name is fully visible first, giving him top billing in the closing credits. This was the first time that this type of "staggered but equal" billing had been used for a movie, although the same thing had been discussed for the same two actors five years earlier when McQueen was going to play the Sundance Kid in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). McQueen ultimately passed on the part and was replaced by Robert Redford, who did not enjoy McQueen's status and took second billing to Newman. Today, it has become understood that whoever's name appears to the left has top billing, but this was by no means the case when The Towering Inferno was produced. This same approach has often been used subsequently, including Cruel Intentions (1999), Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow (2004), and Righteous Kill (2008) starring Robert De Niro and Al Pacino.