Paragraph 1: Rob Johnson started the first six games of 2000 and finished those games 3–3 after a 2–0 start as Doug Flutie recovered from a groin injury that forced him to miss much of training camp.  The Bills' opening game of the season was against the Tennessee Titans, a rematch of last season's Wild Card playoff game. With nine minutes left in the fourth quarter, Johnson left the game with a leg injury, and Alex Van Pelt took over and set up the winning field goal for a 16–13 Bills victory. Johnson completed 9 of 18 pass attempts for 107 yards and one touchdown and rushed six times for 60 yards. However, Johnson was sacked five times. The following game against the Brett Favre-led Green Bay Packers, Johnson again was sacked five times but led the Bills to a 27–18 victory, on 18-for-26 passing for 259 yards. The Bills lost their next three games. In the week 6 game against the Miami Dolphins, a 13–22 loss, Johnson was sacked five times and finished 11-for-26 for 178 yards before leaving due to tendinitis. Johnson's injury provided the opportunity for Doug Flutie to play for the first time this season, and Johnson had been sacked 25 times by the time of his injury. The Bills snapped the three-game losing streak with a 27–24 overtime win against the San Diego Chargers, but Johnson separated his right shoulder during the first play of the Bills' opening drive in overtime and was expected to miss two to four weeks. Flutie led the winning offensive drive that game.  With Johnson out with his shoulder injury, Flutie led the Bills to a near-upset of the then-undefeated Vikings, 31-27, then engineered an upset 20-17 win over the New York Jets and a 16-13 overtime win over the New England Patriots.  Johnson returned in Week 11 against the Bears and received some playing time off the bench as Flutie led the Bills to another win.

Paragraph 2: In May 2018, the Court of Cassation ruled that same-sex marriages performed abroad cannot be recognized in Italy. Instead, couples must register their partnerships as a civil union, regardless of whether they wed before or after Italy introduced civil unions in 2016. The ruling is the final judgement on an appeal lodged by an Italian-Brazilian couple who married in Brazil in 2012, and then performed another ceremony in Portugal in 2013. The couple sought to have their marriage recognized under Italian law in Milan but were denied, prompting them to mount a legal challenge that made its way to Italy's highest court. The judges agreed with an earlier appeals court ruling on the case, which stated that Italian law would recognise married same-sex couples only as civil unions. The Italian-Brazilian couple argued that the move constituted discriminatory "downgrading" of their relationship status. The Court of Cassation, however, judged that civil unions provide most of the same legal protections as marriages, and therefore could not be considered discrimination. "Same-sex marriage does not correspond to the model of matrimony outlined in our legal system," the judges stated, ruling that Italy may legitimately use its "legislative discretion" to exclude same-sex couples from marriage so long as a valid alternative is available to them.

Paragraph 3: In 2004, she débuted in Telugu cinema with M S Raju's romantic action film Varsham, which turned her into an overnight sensation. Critics lauded her performance as Sailaja, a middle-class girl who becomes a film star on her father's insistence; Jeevi from Idlebrain claimed that she was "beautiful" and a "big plus to the film", labelling her performance as "natural", while Sify noted that she had "transformed herself into a fine actress with immense screen presence". A critic from fullhyderabad.com praised her, citing that she had shown why Tamil Nadu was "busy building her a temple", further adding that she looked "so fresh and fine, you feel like gifting her to the roses". While the film was a major commercial success, running for over 175 days theatres, being declared a "sensational hit" and becoming one of the highest-grossers of the year, Trisha won her first Filmfare Awards for Best Actress – Telugu, as well as the Santosham Award for Best Actress. She was also offered the same role in its Tamil remake Mazhai, which she however declined. Later that year, she enacted the female lead opposite Vijay in the action comedy film Ghilli. She played the character of Dhanalakshmi, a helpless girl, whom a Kabaddi player tries to save from the clutches of an influential thug, who wants to marry her, with most critics agreeing that her performance was overshadowed by Vijay, and Prakash Raj's in particular. The film eventually emerged the highest-grossing Tamil film of the year, celebrating a 175-days-run, too, and remains Trisha's biggest commercial success at the time. She next appeared in a small role in Mani Ratnam's political drama Aayutha Ezhuthu, starring as part of an ensemble cast that included Siddharth, Madhavan and Surya. The film, despite favourable reviews, performed poorly at the box office, while she was again outshone by the three lead male actors.

Paragraph 4: The invention of shape notes in Philadelphia in 1801 had greatly enlarged the market for printed music. Even during the Davidson and Bourne days, Davisson traveled extensively to supplement his income by teaching singing schools. Sometime during 1815-1816 he acquired shape note fonts and began to print music. Following the pattern of John Wyeth, who targeted his Repository of Sacred Music (1810, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania) to Calvinists, and the Part Second of the Repository (1813) to Methodists and Baptists, Davisson targeted the Kentucky Harmony to his fellow Presbyterians, and the Supplement to the Kentucky Harmony to Methodists. However, the idea, first used in the Repository, Part Second of 1813, of collecting folk tunes, harmonizing them, and using them as vehicles for hymn texts, was followed by Davisson from the very first. In contrast, the music advocated in New England and the Midwest by the "Better Music Boys" (e.g. Lowell Mason, Thomas Hastings, and others) sought to emulate European styles, while denigrating William Billings and other composers of the First New England School. The 1816 Kentucky Harmony has no European compositions, retains the best of the New England fuging tunes, makes extensive use of regional folk tunes, and has 60% of its songs in the minor key.

Paragraph 5: McWilliams' first album, David McWilliams Singing Songs by David McWilliams, was produced and arranged by Mike Leander, and reached number 38 on the UK Albums Chart.  He quickly recorded a second album, David McWilliams Volume 2, which reached number 23 in the same album chart and featured the single "Days of Pearly Spencer". This was a song about a homeless man McWilliams had encountered in Ballymena, and featured a sweeping orchestral arrangement by Leander and a chorus sung as if through a megaphone. This low-tech effect was actually achieved by recording the vocals from a phone box near the studio. Exposure on Radio Caroline and through advertisements in the UK music press in the summer of 1967 helped generate interest and sales in continental Europe, and the record was a Top 10 hit in numerous countries including France, Belgium and the Netherlands, selling a million copies worldwide. However, although it became well known in the UK, "Days of Pearly Spencer" failed to make the UK Singles Chart, perhaps because the BBC refused to play it owing to Solomon's links with pirate radio, and through mismanagement McWilliams never profited from the song's success. In Italy, the song was covered in 1968 by Caterina Caselli as "Il Volto Della Vita".  A Spanish version called "Vuelo blanco de gaviota" was recorded in 1979 by Ana Belén. Successful later versions of the song included a disco version which reached number 1 in Belgium in the 1980s, and a cover version in 1988 by the French psychedelic band The Vietnam Veterans and their album The Days of Pearly Spencer.  A recording by Marc Almond, with an additional verse written by Almond giving the song a more optimistic tone, reached number 4 in the UK Singles Chart in 1992, and also made number 8 in Ireland.

Paragraph 6: Radio amateurs around the world consider the Finnish part of Märket Reef (as they call it) a separate entity, distinct from Finland and Sweden. The Finnish part of Märket Reef used to be one of the world's most desired "countries" to contact among radio amateurs because of its special status and relative remoteness. One or more amateur radio expeditions to the island occur most years, weather permitting. During these expeditions, tens of thousands of radio contacts are made with people in several parts of the world. At high seas, landing is only possible with a helicopter. Pictures of Märket are shown on QSL cards. The official prefix for use on the Finnish side is OJ0 call sign prefix for Märket Reef. An OJ0 vanity callsign can be obtained, for a fee, from Traficom.fi, the Finnish Transport and Communication Agency.  Amateurs with licenses in countries supporting CEPT can operate from the reef while using the OJ0/ prefix in front of one's own call sign.  All radio activity on the island is by visitors on DX-peditions. When the Finnish part of the reef was given its special status in amateur radio, in the late 1960s the lighthouse keeper himself became a licensed amateur radio operator, who initially used the call OH0MA. On the Swedish side of Märket Reef, the call signs 8S9M and SI8MI have been used.

Paragraph 7: Rhino TRU: (the SPV in Anderson's earlier series) - the Rhino TRU (Tactical Response Unit) is a heavy-duty attack vehicle, with an ultra-tough full armour. The Rhino is capable of high speed with the help of twin ram air booster jets at the rear. Built with ten wheels (two front sets, three rear sets), as well as with variable ride-height suspension, it is equipped with a multi-wheel steering system. This makes this cumbersome-looking vehicle easy to manoeuvre, on any kind of normal road as well as giving it good off-road performance. The Rhino is armed to the teeth with a large arsenal; two front mounted twin cannons firing explosive tipped rounds, armour piercing missiles, harpoon guns and magnetic clamp guns. There are also extendable battering rams on the front and rear. It is also equipped with evasive action anti-missiles launched from the rear. The Rhino is a sealed armoured vehicle, and access to the cabin is gained from the hatches on the vehicle's sides. Rear-facing seats on the retractable hatch openings receive the driver and passenger, and slide into position in front of the control panel. The vehicle can be driven from either side, the steering sliding into position to whoever needs to drive. Other hatches are situated on top of the vehicle and underneath it. The driver's cabin has multiple control screens to act as the drivers eyes, as there is no window. Equipped with all manner of computerised equipment needed for Spectrum work, the Rhino also comes with a security device allowing the driver to lock the vehicle by password and voice command, thus avoiding theft of the Rhino by an enemy if it should be left by itself. Whenever a Rhino is needed on a given mission, Spectrum will use the Albatross to transport the vehicle. The Albatross will land and the hatch beneath will open, a lift lowering to the ground to deposit the Rhino - with driver inside - ready to perform its mission.

Paragraph 8: The taiga voles live a polygynous lifestyle. Males are very territorial and defensive of resources. They typically mate during the North American summers, starting in early May and finishing around September. Each female will typically produce 2 litters per season but the second litter is usually smaller than the first. The taiga vole engages in communal winter nesting. A small group, usually 5-10 individuals, will share a nest during the winter. They will build very extensive burrows that occasionally will even go into the water where they can swim out. Taiga voles living in more dense populations typically have greater body mass than those living in less dense populations. They also exhibit the use of alarm calls, particularly during the mating seasons to warn potential mates of danger. The taiga vole cannot go more than 24 hours without eating or they can starve to death. They do not have complex metabolisms designed for fasting. They can consume all of their liver glycogen in 4 hours or less. They do not use torpor like many other small rodents do, so they must find other ways to slow the basal metabolic rate.  They will lower their body temperature by about .5 degrees Celsius to reduce energy costs. The taiga voles, as do many other voles, rely on fat reserves for thermoregulation, using brown fat adipose tissue to increase their thermogenic capacity.

Paragraph 9: The Southern Tasmanian Football league changed its name in 1998 to the Southern Football League. In the years between 1996 and 2001, Lauderdale had little success and struggled with a success rate of just 30.2%. In 2002, the league was split into two divisions and Lauderdale was placed into the Regional League. The club finally had some success, making the Grand Final in both 2002 and 2003. Although beaten by Cygnet in both of the club's finals campaigns. 2003 also marked the start to Arnoldus Matthews’ senior career and proved to be one of the most successful swing men in the clubs history able to play at either end of the ground to great success. it was successful in its application to join the SFL Premier League after Sorell Football Club was forced into recess for a season and later rejoined the competition, this time in the Regional League. The Essendon alignment coincided with the clubs entry into the Southern Football League's Premier League and the club started the 2004 season as the Lauderdale Bombers. After disappointing campaigns in 2004, 2005 and 2006 the Bombers finally started to make inroads into the competition in 2007, missing the final five by only 12% from the Hobart Lions and collected some impressive scalps along the way, beating both Clarence and North Hobart during the roster season and finished fourth in 2008 finals series. With the Lauderdale under-17s team breaking through for its maiden premiership victory in the SFL Premier League against North Hobart, a strong future seems to be building. Lauderdale was included as a member of AFL Tasmania's new Tasmanian State League competition in 2009, despite being competitive the senior team eventually finished 9th, the reserves team were also strongly competitive and the Under-19's went on to win the premiership during an undefeated season and beating Clarence in the grand final.

Paragraph 10: Having played four first-class matches for Combined Services in 1956 and 1957, whilst doing his national service in the British Army, Edrich made his first-class debut for Surrey in their final fixture of the 1958 season. The following year, he came to the fore, scoring 1,799 runs at an average of 52.91. Over the next four years he and Micky Stewart became a very effective opening partnership for the county, to the extent that both were called up for England for the Test series against the West Indies, who were dominating the sport at this time. Despite Edrich's strong performances for his county, he managed a total of only 108 Test runs in six innings facing bowlers including Hall, Sobers and Griffith.

Paragraph 11: One night, Shyam and his friends are forced to work in the nighttime shift until 4:00 in the morning. At work, Shyam realizes that Priyanka is going through a tough time with her arranged marriage with Ganesh, a wealthy Indian-American who stays in the United States, Shyam taps the phones phone line thanks to Varun helping him so that he can overhear their conversations. When Bakshi calls all of them to his office for a meeting, he talks with his American boss and the six friends overhear his plan about him going to Boston and steals Shyam and Varun's website manual along with him. Esha gets upset telling Shyam that Varun used her for nothing so Shyam tries talking to Varun until he loses his temper and starts breaking everything. At a party, they all get drunk and decide to head back home since it is late. The six are on their way home, until they approach an accident, and are stuck on top of a cliff in their car, and if anybody tries to move, the car may lose its balance and fall off the cliff. They all remain calm, and Shyam tries to call someone, he finds his phone battery has run out, therefore, in a rage he breaks his phone and throws it on the floor of the car. Later on, still trapped in the car, the broken phone receives a phone call; six surprised friends answer it, only to find the caller is God. God tells the six, they should keep calm, and just believe in themselves and all will be well. They do as they are told, and find that the fire brigade has arrived to save them. They all are saved. Bakshi is fired by his American boss and replaced by Shyam because he always had potential. Years later, Shyam and Varun open their own website academy, Shyam proposes to Priyanka and marries her, Military Uncle pays for a visa and goes to America, Radhika lives a carefree life after divorcing Anuj, Esha quits her fashion modeling career and works as an NGO Labourer, and Priyanka studies to becomes a school teacher. After the story, Khan asks the woman who she is, and she replies "if you believe in yourself, you will know the answer". She walks out of the lounge, and as Khan follows her, he seems to witness she has suddenly disappeared. He believes in himself, his jet gets fixed, and he flies back home.

Paragraph 12: The Hújiāo bǐng first started gaining popularity outside of Taiwan when it was featured on tourist programs such as Anthony Bourdain's The Layover. Also Hong Kong's TVB channel foodie show Neighborhood Gourmet season 3. The item soon became a tourist must try when visiting Taiwan. Tourist who visited Taiwan and had tasted the bun would blog about it. The wait to buy a Hújiāo bǐng is notoriously long during peak hours at any vendors, the average wait is usually 30 minutes minimum. Customers also always buy in batches due to the long wait in line. When the vendor sell out and runs out of ingredients they usually close shop for the day instead restocking their ingredients to make more buns.

Paragraph 13: The complex relationship continued with the issue of trade and other agreements between the now separate entities of Malaysia and Singapore. At times both parties have heavily criticised each other for their policies, to the extent of issuing threats. Since 1970, both have had their countries issue bans on the physical distribution on newspaper media of the other country (by refusing to issue newspaper or publishing permits); for example, Malaysian newspapers such as the New Straits Times and Utusan Malaysia are banned from mass printed circulation in Singapore, whilst corresponding newspapers from Singapore such as The Straits Times are banned from mass printed circulation in Malaysia (though as recent as June 2005 there have been talks to lift the bans on both sides of the Causeway). This heavy exchange of words is epitomised by the former prime ministers of both countries, Lee Kuan Yew of the PAP, and Dr. Mahathir Mohamad of the UMNO. Nevertheless, presently, with the advent of the Internet, social media and relative non-interference in each other's internal political affairs, Malaysian and Singaporean online news portals are readily and freely accessible on the Internet for viewing within both countries, without censorship and without the need of a virtual private network to circumvent the censorship of foreign media.

Paragraph 14: In this area also stand the Black Boy Stables and out buildings. The grade II listed stables were built in the early 19th century at the point where the branch lines met from the Black Boy Colliery and Surtees Railway. Restored in the 1970s the stables were damaged by fire in 1985. However, a 2016 report disputes their being stables. It states that while they are "clearly not stables", it believes one was possibly a plate layer's cabin. The use of the other "adjacent structures is still in some doubt". Other buildings include the goods shed and parcels office. It handled local freight distribution in Shildon from 1857. The parcels office looked after the movement of goods in and out of the shed.

Paragraph 15: The baseball team won the Group II state championship in 1981 (defeating Saddle Brook High/Middle School in the tournament final) and 1984 (vs. Lyndhurst High School), and won the Group I title in 2002 (vs. Whippany Park High School), 2003 (vs. Henry P. Becton Regional High School), 2005 (vs. Whippany Park High School), 2006 (vs. Pascack Hills High School) and 2016 (vs. Waldwick High School). The program's seven state titles are tied for fifth-most in the state. The 1981 baseball team was the first NJSIAA baseball team to have an undefeated season, finishing with a 25–0 season. In 1988, the team won the Diamond Classic, a 16-team tournament consisting of seven South Jersey division/conference leaders and nine at-large bids taken from the Courier-Post Top 20. The team won the 2002 Group I state championship with a 3–2 win against Whippany Park High School. The team repeated in 2003 as Group I state champions with a 9–2 win against Becton Regional High School. In 2004, the Eagles would again win the South Jersey Group I championship before falling to New Providence High School 3–2 in the Group I semifinal. The Eagles won the 2005 Group I State Championship in similar fashion to their 2002 championship with a 3-2 win over Whippany Park High School. Also in 2005, the team defeated Gloucester Catholic High School 5–4 to win the Diamond Classic. They also received the Courier Cup, given to the top ranked team in the Courier-Post Top 20. The Eagles won the 2006 Group I state championship with a 9–3 win over Pascack Hills.  The six-year South Jersey Group I champion streak ended in 2008 when the Eagles fell to the Pitman High School Panthers in the South Jersey Group I sectional semi-final 3–1. In 2014, the Eagles would reclaim the South Jersey Group I title with a 12–2 win over the Glassboro High School Bulldogs. as well as reclaim the Courier Cup. In 2016, Pennsville defeated Waldwick High School in the tournament finals by a score of 3–2 to win the Group I state championship at Toms River East High School.

Paragraph 16: Kudryavtseva began her season competing at the 2014 Moscow Grand Prix where she won the bronze medal in all-around behind teammate Maria Titova, qualifying to 2 event finals, she won silver in hoop and clubs. In her next event, Kudryavtseva won gold in all-around at the 2014 Thiais Grand Prix with an overall score of 74.300 points. In the event finals, she won gold in ball, hoop and silver in clubs. She then competed in the 2014 Stuttgart World Cup, where she won the all-around gold medal with an overall score of 74.784 points. In the event finals: she won 3 gold medals (ball, hoop, clubs) and finished 5th in ribbon. Kudryavtseva won silver in all-around at the 2014 Holon Grand Prix behind Margarita Mamun, she qualified to 3 event finals: she won 2 gold medals in (clubs, ribbon) and a bronze in ball. At the 2014 Pesaro World Cup, Kudryavtseva topped the all-around and event finals podium, it was Kudryavtseva's first sweep of the gold medal in all events competing as a senior. In 23–27 April at the 2014 Russian Championships in Penza, Kudryavtseva won her first National All-around title beating three-time Russian champion Margarita Mamun. She then competed at the 2014 Desio Italia Cup but withdrew after the second rotation due to illness. Kudryavsteva returned to competition at the 2014 Corbeil-Essonnes World Cup where she won the all-around silver behind Mamun, she qualified to 3 event finals: she won gold in ribbon and silver medals in clubs, hoop. Kudryavtseva won another all-around silver medal behind Mamun at the 2014 Tashkent World Cup with an overall score of 74.250 points. In event finals, she won 2 gold medals (ball, hoop), finished 6th in clubs and 7th in ribbon. In her next event, she won the all-around gold at the 2014 Minsk World Cup with a total of 74.583 ahead of Mamun. In the event finals, she won 3 gold medals (hoop, ball and clubs). In 10–15 June, Kudryavtseva won the 2014 European All-around title ahead of Melitina Staniouta of Belarus and Ganna Rizatdinova of Ukraine. In 8–10 August, Kudryavtseva won the all-around gold at the 2014 Sofia World Cup and all the event finals, becoming her second sweep of the gold medals in the World Cup series. In 5–7 September, competing at the 2014 World Cup series in Kazan, Russia, Kudryavtseva won the all-around scoring a total of 74.950, 1.7 points ahead of silver medalist Margarita Mamun. She qualified to all 4 event finals, and won gold in ball (19.000), clubs (18.950), ribbon (18.450) and silver in hoop (18.450). In 22–28 September, Kudryavtseva (along with teammates Margarita Mamun and Aleksandra Soldatova) represented Russia at the 2014 World Championships where they won Team gold with a total of 147.914 points. She qualified to all event finals and won 3 gold medals (in ball, hoop, clubs) and a silver in ribbon. In the All-around, Kudryavtseva became the youngest rhythmic gymnast to win back-to-back All-around title scoring (in Ball:18.800, Clubs:18.916, Ribbon:18.550, Hoop:19.000) a total of 75.266 points, the highest total mark recorded under the 20-point judging system at the World Championships. Kudryavtseva was also awarded the Longines Prize for Elegance, which saw her receive $5,000, a statue by Swiss artist Jean-Pierre Gerber and a watch. In 17–19 October, Kudryavtseva traveled in Tokyo for the 2014 Aeon Cup, representing team Gazprom (together with teammates Margarita Mamun and junior Veronika Polyakova) won the team gold. She won the All-around silver in the finals behind teammate Margarita Mamun. Kudryavtseva was one of the finalist for the 2015 SportAccord Awards in category of the Sportswoman of the Year 2014, along with Geva Mentor (GBR, Netball), Kaillie Humphries (CAN, Bobsleigh) and Marit Bjørgen (NOR, Cross Country Skiing).

Paragraph 17: In addition changes in population and demographic, the community underwent several other important changes.  Robert E. "Bob" Smith died in 1973, and his widow sold 760 acres of land to the Westchase Corporation which began developing the Westchase District.  Houston began annexing Alief in 1977.  The City of Houston voted to annex the Alief-Fondren area on November 23, 1977.  In 1978, Brown and Root built a large engineering complex at the corner of Bellaire Blvd. and Beltway 8.  Houston continued to annex pieces of Alief into the 1980s.  West Oaks Mall opened in 1984 and was annexed by the City of Houston the same year.  The community feared that annexation would lead to neglect by Houston's government and protested further annexations.  Despite these efforts, Houston succeeded in annexing most of the area. Agriculture began to fade.  The last cotton gin in Alief closed in 1976, and the area ceased growing cotton altogether by 1982.  Alief was one of the last places where cotton had been grown in Harris County.  Dairy, cattle, vegetable production, and rice production also declined.  Urban development took the place of agriculture.  In the spring of 1985, Houston Fire Station #76 was opened to serve the Alief area.  The Alief Branch Library (since renamed the David M. Henington-Alief Regional Library) was also opened in 1985.   As a sign of the community's growing diversity, the Houston Chronicle noted that the library staff spoke, "a variety of languages, including Hindi, Mandarin Chinese and Farsi (referring to Persian)," when the library first opened.  West Houston Medical Center was constructed in 1985 as well.  The Alief General Hospital building was abandoned.  The Fame City entertainment complex and water park (which later became Fun Plex and Adventure Bay) held its grand opening in 1986.  Fame City featured roller skating, movie theaters, a sound studio, miniature golf, bumper-cars, bowling, alley, games, rides, an arcade, restaurants and shops indoors, and a 10-acre water park outdoors.  The Alief Brown and Root building closed in May 1987, but was reopened in November 1988 when the industry saw increased growth.  Andrau Airpark was sold to the Camden Trust in 1988, although the airport continued to operate.

Paragraph 18: 1675 – 1712 Season 1: Arjun wakes up on his birthday (March 27) he is served food by the royal cook's, Arjun's father, Sahadev Verma comes in and tells him that he is gonna need to train more since now he is the Prince of Bali, Arjun agrees and he trains while a villain and an enemy awaits to ruin the peace, she kidnaps the king, Sahadev Verma to rule bali but Arjun sneaks put of the kingdom and beats Tantara and rescues his father, after few days an arena takes place, among the 5 nations come different and powerful warriors, Arjuns father gets him ready by training him with his physical strength and after few days of training he at last gets very strong and the arena starts, the arena was called "TOUGH ARENA" by the title you can guess that you will need to be very very very strong to win, the Commander in Chief of the bali army named "Bairo" chose people from the warrior's team, Arjun went first and he beat all 4 warriors and at the last one, an arrow came and destroyed the aiming board, it turns out it is none other than Arjun's older brother, Sankat! he went out for 3 years to train with Sahadev's brother and he said that he wanted to be Arjun's opponent and both got ready to wrestle, Sankat was overpowering Arjun but suddenly the ground started to shake and a huge monster came out, his name was Madaraka, he took over Bali under 6 hours and Arjun and the gang went to guru bahula the spiritual teacher of the kingdom, Arjun told him about the situation and Bahula understood the task and told him there was an arrow guarded by 5 archangels, if you wanna take the arrow you have to beat them and take the arrow and kill Madaraka with it, Arjun beats the archangels and kills Madaraka, and celebrate Diwali !, now there are many villains in the Arjun series, some are even Arjun's friends!, now there used to be a clown, well he used to praise the previous king of bali, or Arjun's grandfather he did bad things to Kid Bairo! such as abuse his magical powers and make engines come out of kid Nimboo's mouth, prank Kid Bairo and splash him with water, Bairo's father fired him from being the entertainment guy, and his plan was working he tried assassinating the king, turns out he was a spy from another kingdom! Kid Sahadev and Kid Bairo both beat him up and imprisoned him, but he came back, it was a normal day Arjun woke up and registered to join a kite competition, they all trained while Nimboo made Arjun's kite, his kite was a 2000 year old legendary super kite, Sankat pranked Arjun by putting oil on the string which made the kite go out of control while Arjun was training and the kite flew all the way to the guests of Sahadev destroying the food, Arjun says "I am sorry" Sahaev says i didn't expect this from you, and he becomes disappointed to himself and said that he is not gonna participate, the next day the competition starts and Arjun comes in fancy clothes just to watch and then all the kites start going out of control, he sees a man on a kite, it turns out that the man from Sahadev's fathers time broke out of prison after 25 years ! he said that he will take revenge on the kingdom, Arjun gets his kite and Bahula casts the spell on it which releases the 2000 year old seal and he flies and defeats him (i talked about only the important things to the lore not the none important ones) Season 2:

Paragraph 19: James Baker swore under oath that he had received the briefing book from William Casey, Reagan's campaign manager, but Casey, then campaign manager, later CIA director, vehemently denied this. David Stockman, the head of the Office of Management and Budget, admitted using the Carter material while helping Reagan prepare for the debate.  Stockman said the documents obtained were just position papers, not in question-and-answer format. Frank Hodsoll, also a member of the debate team, said that they were in Q&A form. The investigation turned up hundreds of pages of documents from the Carter campaign in Stockman's files as well as in Reagan's campaign archives at Stanford University's Hoover Institute. One document, an itinerary for Carter during the week prior to Election Day, had "report from White House mole" written on it.  This seemed to confirm author Laurence Barrett's conclusion in his book that the material had been stolen.  But U.S. News & World Report indicated that the document in question had been volunteered by someone working for Carter. Other papers were turned in to The Washington Post by a collector of political memorabilia who, in October 1980, had exhumed them from a dumpster behind Reagan headquarters in Arlington, Virginia. The press speculated that the Reagan campaign had been concerned that Carter would pull an October surprise during the campaign—cutting a deal with the Ayatollah Khomeini for the release of the 52 hostages held for over a year by Iran, a bombshell that some believed might have sent Carter back to the White House for four more years. Newsweek wondered whether a clandestine operation involving ex-CIA agents had been undertaken by the Reagan team to keep close tabs on the Carter campaign. This was supported by Time in its July 25, 1983, issue. According to that report, William Casey brought in former agents of both the CIA and the FBI to gather information from colleagues who were still with that agency. Jimmy Carter complained that the pilfered documents revealed the "essence" of his campaign, implying that his reelection bid had been done great harm when they fell into Republican hands.

Paragraph 20: Grimminger joined the Nazi Party (NSDAP) in 1922 and became a member of the Sturmabteilung (SA). He took part in street-fighting in Coburg in 1922 and in the Munich Beer Hall Putsch of 8 November 1923. After serving in the Brown House, the general headquarters of the NSDAP, he was selected in 1926 to become a member of the Schutzstaffel (SS). Grimminger was promoted during his service in the SA and the SS, finally reaching the rank of SS-Standartenführer (equivalent to colonel). As a member of the SS, he was appointed to carry the bloodstained Blutfahne from the Munich Putsch. He was decorated with the Golden Party Badge, the Blood Order (no. 714), and the Coburg Badge, three of the most prized decorations of the NSDAP. After the fall of the Third Reich in mid-1945, the fate of the "Blutfahne", of which Grimminger was the guardian, is unknown.

Paragraph 21: Because the Nike+ web community profile can be linked to both Facebook and Twitter, users can now share their results and accomplishments with their friends. This has the ability to lead to a greater chance for positive results because interaction and motivation from friends has proven to benefit workout habits. "A 2011 Pew Internet study found that 80% of Internet users look for health information online, 27% of U.S. Internet users had tracked health data online, and 18% had sought to locate others with similar health concerns via the Internet". These statistics suggest that self-empowerment and action taking, in regards to health, is becoming a much more accepted behavior norm, instead of a small online community, like it has been in the past. When sharing workout results with friends on social media, one is much more aware of their personal well-being. Being constantly aware of your physical fitness and activity levels are very important for living a healthy life, which leads to the conclusion why many say that technologies like the FuelBand are necessary for being physically responsible of oneself. The FuelBand makes it much more simple to live a healthy and informed life and this can be related to maintaining personal health records. Personal health records are types of medical records that are edited, administrated, and owned by the patient, instead of the doctor or health care administrator. Personal health records are usually stored on online databases and they have proven to be "a key step in empowering health self-management as we can have a more active role in understanding, accessing, maintaining, and sharing our personal health information, and in coordinating and participating in our own health care". Studies have shown that PHR users are over 65% more likely to follow up on recommended care or to act on the change that they desire, which indicates the potentially beneficial influences in behaviors of PHRs. The FuelBand has the potential to help its users get in great physical shape and to be well informed of their health records and statistics. Because of this and the ability to be connected to an online community through social media, the FuelBand can be seen as an innovative technology that is representing the way that the health field is going in the future. Health practices are becoming more personalized and more power is being given to the individual and the FuelBand is an exact example of this new field of technology that is growing in size.

Paragraph 22: In modern church practice, the normal reason for appointment of a coadjutor is to begin an orderly transition with declining health or expected retirement of a diocesan bishop. For example, Bishop Dennis Marion Schnurr of the Diocese of Duluth, Minnesota, was named Coadjutor Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Cincinnati, Ohio, in 2008 to succeed aging Archbishop Daniel Edward Pilarczyk.  However, other situations do arise—a coadjutor may have authority to override the diocesan bishop with respect to a matter of public scandal, mismanagement, or other some problem that does not warrant removal from office. The revised Code of Canon Law stipulates that all coadjutors have right of succession, while providing for the appointment of an auxiliary bishop "with special faculties" in lieu of a coadjutor when automatic succession is not indicated.

Paragraph 23: According to the Romanian linguist Nicolae Drăganu, the Romanian Ardeal came from the Hungarian Erdély. The Hungarian name of Transylvania evolved over time from Erdőelü, Erdőelv, Erdőel, Erdeel in chronicles and written charters from 1200 up to late 1300. In written sources from 1390, we can find also the form Erdel, which can be read also as Erdély. There is evidence for that in the written Wallachian Chancellery Charters expressed in Slavonic where the word appears as Erûdelû (1432), Ierûdel, Ardelîu (1432), ardelski (1460, 1472, 1478–1479, 1480, 1498, 1507–1508, 1508), erdelska, ardelska (1498). With the first texts written in Romanian (1513) the name Ardeal appears to be written. Drăganu takes into consideration the form Ardalos for the inherited word, dismissing it by proving that the evolution of such an etymon according to Romanian phonetics does not match the current form. Drăganu claims that the greatest Romanian philologists and historians maintain that Ardeal came from Hungarian.

Paragraph 24: The first capitol building was constructed between 1883 and 1884 to house the territorial government, and after statehood, two additions were erected: the Senate wing (1894, south side), and the House wing (ca. 1903, north side). On the morning of December 28, 1930, smoke was spotted coming from the northeast part of the original building, and despite the fire department being summoned within minutes of the fire being noticed, it was already too late to save the structure. Even as the fire raged through the upper portions of the building, efforts were made by citizens and state employees to rescue what was possible before everyone was ordered out of the building mid-morning. It was later determined to likely have originated in a pile of oily rags in a janitor's closet on the top floor of the main part of the building, as work had been underway to clean and varnish the legislators' desks in preparation for the upcoming legislative session. North Dakota Secretary of State Robert Byrne saved the original copy of the state's constitution, but suffered cuts and burns on his hands while breaking a window to reach the document. Another state employee, Jennie Ulsrud, burned her hands when she attempted to save records in the state treasurer's office. Governor George F. Shafer came back from his visit to St. Paul, Minnesota while the fire was still burning. Upon arrival, he immediately assembled a team of state legislators and officials to discuss plans for coping with the loss of records and work space. As soon as it was safe to enter the interior of the still smoldering building, 40 state prison inmates were used to salvage the various departments' vaults and other items from the ruins (some vaults were burned, but most were found to be intact when opened). The Legislature met temporarily in Bismarck's War Memorial Building and the City Auditorium, an annex being constructed to link the two. State offices were spread out across all available space across town, including an entire floor of the Patterson Hotel downtown. Such was the need for space that the unburned lower floors of the original capitol's 1903 wing were even repaired and returned to use.

Paragraph 25: In 1966, an abridged recording of episode 6 of The Chase was released with narration on a 7-inch record. In 1979, the BBC released an abridged version of Genesis of the Daleks. In 1992 a brief series began releasing audio versions of missing stories from the archives, with link narration provided by one of the actors who played the Doctor. The soundtracks that were known to exist at the time were not the optimal audio quality and the range only released a few stories. A second series of "Lost Episode" soundtrack releases began in 1999. This series differed from earlier releases by having "linking" narration (to describe action and other sequences that were originally visual) read by an actor or actress who had played a companion in the original serial, rather than one of the actors who played the Doctor (except The Macra Terror, which used the original narration by Colin Baker). Another difference is that all the later releases were remastered for release by Mark Ayres from tapes recorded "off-air" at the original time of broadcast, or, when necessary, due to quality and possibly availability, from surviving films. From 1999 to 2004, these recordings were released under the "BBC Radio Collection" banner, and, starting in 2004, they have been released under the "BBC Audio" banner, with different outer packaging. The series was officially completed in 2006 with the release of The Reign of Terror; however, a rerelease of the soundtrack for The Tomb of the Cybermen was produced and was followed by new audio productions of available serials. All have been released by the BBC unless otherwise noted. This list is in order by release date.

Paragraph 26: Guilly d'Herbemont (June 25, 1888 – February 28, 1980) was the inventor of the white cane for blind people. Guilly was the daughter of a Belgian and a Frenchman. She was born in Brussels as a child, she lived alternately in Brussels and Paris. she later moved to Paris as a musician and writer. It occurred to her that blind people on the streets of Paris were increasingly endangered by the motorization of transport. The police in France used white signal sticks to regulate traffic and stop cars. Mrs d'Herbemont had the idea of putting the color white or white-painted sticks visually impaired and blind transporters in order to draw attention to themselves.

Paragraph 27: James Bruce describes Bakaffa as faced with the increasing enfeeblement of the Ethiopian Empire as well as growing intrigue and conspiracies. To respond to these challenges, writes Bruce, Bakaffa was "silent, secret, and unfathomable in his designs, surrounded by soldiers who were his own slaves, and by new men of his own creation." In writing his account of this Emperor's reign, Bruce claims that at the time of his writing no Royal Chronicle of his reign existed, because it "would have been a very dangerous book to have been kept in Bacuffa's time; and, accordingly, no person chose ever to run that risk; and the king's particular behaviour afterwards had still the further effect, that nobody would supply this deficiency after his death, a general belief prevailing in Abyssinia that he is alive to this day, and will appear again in all his terrors." As a result, Bruce's account of Bakaffa's reign consists of a collection of impressionistic vignettes of selected events—his travels through Ethiopia in disguise, his feigned death, his first meetings with people who were to play an important role during his rule—which support this portrait. In contrast, the editor of the 1805 edition of Bruce's work, Alexander Murray, excised all but the first two paragraphs of his chapter on this ruler, replacing Bruce's material with a summary of a chronicle of the reign, stating that "the annals of this period are very complete, the public transactions of Bacuffa are well known, though his motives seldom escaped from his own impenetrable breast."

Paragraph 28: Staines was a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood (IRB) and on its Supreme Council from 1921 to 1922. He served as Quartermaster General in the GPO during the 1916 Easter Rising and was later interned with his fellow insurgents at Frongoch internment camp. These men were served with internment orders under the Defence of the Realm Act 1914, which stated that they were "suspected of having honoured, promoted or assisted an armed insurrection against His Majesty". This meant that there were no charges, no court appearances and no pleas. Staines was elected Commandant of the prisoners after the former Commandant J. J. O'Connell was sent to Reading Gaol on 30 June. W.J. Brennan-Whitmore described Staines as: "a highly efficient officer who earned the love and respect of every individual prisoner." The attempts to conscript men in Frongoch to the British Army proved to be a serious source of disagreement between the prisoners and the camp authorities. The prisoners felt that it was ludicrous to expect Irish rebels to fight for Britain and the Crown. In addition, they were concerned that acceptance of conscription in Frongoch might be a prelude to the introduction of conscription in Ireland. Roughly sixty men in Frongoch had lived in Great Britain before the Rising and they were accordingly deemed liable for conscription. Staines, whom W. J. Brennan-Whitmore describes as maintaining "a very difficult position with remarkable efficiency and tact" throughout the conscription troubles which took place in Frongoch, took up a very resolute attitude on the question of identification. He asked Colonel F.A. Heygate-Lambert, Camp Commandant if he expected the prisoner leaders to identify comrades of theirs for military service in the British Army. To this Heygate-Lambert replied that it was the leaders' duty to identify men for all purposes. Staines retorted that by identifying the men for military service they would be lowering themselves to the level of spies and informers.

Paragraph 29: The chronicler Lindsay of Pitscottie wrote of the building of Michael that "all the woods of Fife, except Falkland wood, besides all the timber that was got out of Norway" went into her construction. Account books add that timbers were purchased from other parts of Scotland, as well as from France and the Baltic Sea.  Lindsay gives her dimensions as  long and  in beam. Russell (1922) notes that Michael was supposed to have been built with oak walls  thick. She displaced about 1,000 tons, had four masts, carried 24 guns (purchased from Flanders) on the broadside, 1 basilisk forward and 2 aft, and 30 smaller guns (later increased to 36 main guns), and had a crew of 300 sailors, 120 gunners, and up to 1,000 soldiers.

Paragraph 30: Julio Antonio Mella McPartland (born Nicanor McPartland; (25 March 1903 – 10 January 1929) was a Cuban political activist, journalist, communist revolutionary, and one of the founders of the original Communist Party of Cuba. Mella studied law at the University of Havana but was expelled in 1925. He was working against the government of Gerardo Machado, which had grown increasingly repressive. Mella left the country, reaching Central America. He traveled north to Mexico City, where he worked with other exiled dissidents and communist sympathizers against the Machado government. He was assassinated in 1929, but historians still disagree on which parties were responsible for his death. The 21st century Cuban government regards Mella as a communist hero and martyr.