Paragraph 1: A balance wheel, or balance, is the timekeeping device used in mechanical watches and small clocks, analogous  to the pendulum in a pendulum clock.  It is a weighted wheel that rotates back and forth, being returned toward its center position by a spiral torsion spring, known as the balance spring or hairspring.   It is driven by the escapement, which transforms the rotating motion of the watch gear train into impulses delivered to the balance wheel.  Each swing of the wheel (called a "tick" or "beat") allows the gear train to advance a set amount, moving the hands forward.  The balance wheel and hairspring together form a harmonic oscillator, which due to resonance oscillates preferentially at a certain rate, its resonant frequency or "beat", and resists oscillating at other rates.   The combination of the mass of the balance wheel and the elasticity of the spring keep the time between each oscillation or "tick" very constant, accounting for its nearly universal use as the timekeeper in mechanical watches to the present.  From its invention in the 14th century until tuning fork and quartz movements became available in the 1960s, virtually every portable timekeeping device used some form of balance wheel.

Paragraph 2: The most remarkable and long-lasting legacy of Bishop Urban's career was the epic case he pursued at Rome against the neighbouring dioceses of St Davids and Hereford.  The first complaints against St Davids had been made before the death of Bishop Wilfrid of St Davids (1115).  It may have been that which inspired the collection of documents copied into the Book of Llandaff.  The wider case opened at the Council of Reims in 1119 when Urban presented a petition to Pope Calixtus II, where he asserted the primacy of Llandaff over other Welsh dioceses, the persecution of his church by Welsh and Norman magnates and the depredations on his jurisdiction by neighbouring bishops.  Urban received protections from the pope and the extent of his claims were registered.  Papal letters were issued to King Henry I, Ralph archbishop of Canterbury and the clergy and barons of the diocese in Urban's support.  In 1125 John of Crema, the papal legate, summoned the disputing parties to London to hear the case.  The case was finally referred to Rome in 1127, and Urban travelled there in April 1128.  Pope Honorius II decided provisionally in Urban's favour awarding substantial swathes of territory in Herefordshire and Deheubarth to Llandaff diocese.  The archbishop of Canterbury's part in the affair was criticised by the curia.  A further hearing at Rome in February 1129 heard the evidence of Welsh clergy and witnesses Urban had brought with him.  Since the other parties did not appear, the case went to Urban by default.  This brought the bishop of St Davids to Rome in 1130 to appeal against the decision.  Urban's claims were increasingly obstructed both at the royal court and Canterbury. He found Pope Innocent II less helpful than his predecessors, when he met him at St-Quentin in 1131.  In 1132, the pope referred the case to the archbishops of the Anglo-Norman realm for settlement, though reserving the final judgement to himself.  Urban fought the case through several hearings in England in 1132 and 1133, and ultimately lost.  Ill and aged now, Urban made a final journey to Rome, where he died early in October 1134.  Though he lost, Urban's ambitions and energy radically changed the nature of the relationship between the papal curia and the church in England.  Following Urban's epic legal battle, an increasing number of litigants appealed to Rome from decisions taken in English provincial courts.

Paragraph 3: An act of Abune Paulos that caused much controversy was his advocacy of a pardon for the members of the Derg regime imprisoned in Ethiopia. The members of the Derg had asked the Patriarch to facilitate an opportunity for them to appear in the national press to ask for forgiveness from the people of Ethiopia for the errors and atrocities of their regime. The Patriarch approached the government with the idea that as the now aging members of the former communist junta were contrite and seeking forgiveness, the government should grant them clemency. On 1 June 2011, President Girma Wolde Giorgis of Ethiopia announced that the death sentences imposed on the top Derg members had been commuted to life sentences. As under Ethiopian law, a life sentence is equated to 25 years, both those previously sentenced to death and those imprisoned for life and lesser sentences were all immediately freed.  This act immediately caused significant uproar among many of the survivors of Derg imprisonment, the family members of those killed during Derg rule and other opponents of Derg rule.  The organization of survivors of victims of the Red Terror voiced their opposition and sent a letter of protest to the Patriarch.  Members of the families of the 60 ex-officials of Emperor Haile Selassie's government executed without trial on 23 November 1974, as well as some members of the Imperial family met with Abune Paulos as well to make their views known. They believed that a commutation of death sentences to life imprisonment was not as objectionable, but that the release of people responsible for mass killings, torture, imprisonment without trial, and gross abuse of power was a great injustice.  The Patriarch counseled these groups that it was the duty of Christians to forgive, especially those who voiced contrition.  The groups opposed to the Derg pardon came away from the incident blaming Abune Paulos, but certain prominent members of the group, such as Mulugeta Aserate (son of Prince Aserate Kassa who was executed with the 60 ex-officials on 23 November 1974) wrote articles supporting the Patriarch's promotion of forgiveness and national reconciliation, and applauded the pardon.

Paragraph 4: The [author of the book] Yuchasin wrote these words: "Now in the year 4956 anno mundi (1196 CE), on the 8th of Menaḥem Av, there fell out a great religious persecution in the kingdom of León, to the extent that they carried away from there a Codex containing the 24 canonical books of the Bible, called the Biblia, which R. Hillel had written, and from which they would proofread the texts of all the scrolls. Now I saw some of them (i.e. scrolls) that were sold in Africa, and at my time, they were nine-hundred years old since the time they were first written." The [same author of the book] Yuchasin, on the year 5250 anno mundi (1490 CE), wrote: ha-Qimḥi (c. 1160–c. 1235) said in his Piece on Grammar, in the chapter lemaʻan tizkaru, that the Codex was in Toledo [of Spain], and [that it was found written after its prescription] in the books [of the Law] left by the early Geonim, [particularly] by Rav Sherira [Gaon] and Rabbeinu Hai [Gaon]. And when the books of Rabbeinu Moshe (i.e. Maimonides, of blessed memory) came amongst them and they saw his tradition of orthography in this regard, they sent to him (i.e. to the Ramah) and he answered them after [much] flowery speech and many praises, whose words were these: 'But presently I shall tell you the truth, that all the books that have reached us of those books written by Rabbeinu Moshe (Maimonides), may peace rest on him, with regard to open sections and closed sections, all of them were engrossed with different errors one from the other, since the words of the book were concealed [from understanding], and those copyists who copied from it made rash decisions on their own, and each one added [what he pleased], and diminished [from the true text] according to his own understanding, thus defacing the books with things that they imagined in their heart to be true, and which they gave their opinion to, but which I was compelled to investigate and make inquiry into, etc., etc. And so, I sent to Marseilles, to the most erudite man [there], Samuel Ibn Tibbon, the physician, and I asked him to send me an [accurate] account of the closed and open sections from the book [of the Law] that was copied from the book [of the Law] belonging to that Rabbi (i.e. Maimonides) that came with him to Marseilles, and which said Rabbi (may his memory be blessed) had signed in his own handwriting; as also that which I, myself, had written down from the book (that was no longer before me), I am Moshe, the son of Rabbi Maimon the Sepharadi. And so did he do, sending them to me with due speed, and I found in the copy of the writing, etc. all the things that you brought to my attention for a decision [as touching the writings of Maimonides] that they were [indeed] true, etc. and that the other matters that were concealed [therein from our understanding] were not made clear unto me by that book until I was compelled to once again search and inquire [into them], etc., and it was revealed unto me their import by the help of Him who favors man with understanding. Now, behold! They are written in this [leafed] booklet which is being sent to you, etc., [both] open and closed [sections], [and] that which is neither an open [section] nor a closed [section], but rather an arranged [section], in my own handwriting. Likewise, I have written for you the lay-out of the [prosaic] song Ha'azinu in two categories: one, containing the names of words that come at the beginning of each line; the other, containing the names of words that come at the end of each line. (Now there are altogether sixty-seven lines [in the prosaic song Ha'azinu], just as it is found in my handwritten Bible Codex, and in [copies of] Maimonides of [those made by the] early exponents of our laws…) … [Signed]: From him that has been afflicted with reproof of instruction, not with whips, per se, but with scorpions, until he was compelled to confess his sorrow unto many – perchance they will seek mercy upon him from Him who has mercy; [I], who writes to his friends and companions, Meir Halevi, the son of R. Todros.' "

Paragraph 5: A letter from Salinger to his grandchildren (October 2020) stated that the "current summer is an example of the future that we baby boomers are bequeathing you if we keep continuing the emissions of greenhouse gases that we have been doing in the late 20th and early 21st century." In an interview with the NZ Herald newspaper in 2019, Salinger had urged action on climate change and to heed the "dire warning that we must hasten our action on reducing emissions as time is running out." This supported a similar call for action by Salinger in 2012  for New Zealand to honour its global obligations. In 2020, concerned with the lack of action on climate change during the COVID-19 pandemic, Salinger worked with Sir Alan Mark, James Renwick and a group of climate activists to create a video calling for the New Zealand government to "put climate change at the forefront of every decision made." As a follow up to this, on behalf of the nine Intergenerational Climate Ambassadors – Sir Alan Mark (88), Jim Salinger (73), James Renwick (63), Lucy Lawless (52), Chloe van Dyke (35), Florence van Dyke (30), Bethany Mataiti (24), Sophie Handford (19), and  Mãia Wijohn (13) – Salinger confirmed that the Intergenerational Open Letter For Climate Change Now would be delivered, after the 2020 election, to the New Zealand Government with speeches outside Parliament. The press release concluded with: "Through the response to COVID-19, we have seen the power of people to act as a collective. It is time to see climate action and climate justice, this really is our moment across all generations. We are out of time – we have had the Pandemic – and it is time for action by all." On Wednesday 10 December 2020, members of the Intergenerational Climate Ambassadors group, including Salinger, met with James Shaw, the Climate Change Minister in the New Zealand government. Salinger expressed frustration at the lack of action by successive New Zealand governments in responding to climate change, noting that floods in Napier in 2020 highlighted the effects of weather-related disasters. He stressed the importance of actions such as agreeing to implement the Climate Change Commission's recommendations and providing support to  farmers in switching to regenerative agriculture so that New Zealand will not be seen as a "global perpetrator because of their huge emissions." Shaw said that he would take the group's sentiments to Parliament.

Paragraph 6: First Class employed 1,150 visual effects shots, which was done by six companies: Rhythm and Hues was responsible for Emma Frost, Mystique and Angel, as well as set extensions; Cinesite handled Azazel, the visuals for Cerebro and environment effects; Luma Pictures did Banshee, Havok and Darwin; Moving Picture Company did Beast, Riptide, and the scene where Shaw's yacht is destroyed and he escapes in a submarine; Digital Domain created Sebastian Shaw's powers, and Weta Digital was responsible for the climactic battle in Cuba. The overall coordination was provided by visual effects designer John Dykstra, who said the biggest difficulty was the tight schedule: "It was slightly less than a year and I've never done anything like that before (Spider-Man was frequently two years)." British company 4dMax employed special 3D scanners to digitize data of the sets and actors which would be used by the effects companies. This allowed for computer-generated sets such as the mirrored nuclear reactor where Magneto battles Shaw—for which the effects team used the mirror maze fight in Enter the Dragon as a reference—and the domed walls of Cerebro. Digital models of Washington and Moscow were also created based on photographs of the actual cities, with the Russian one in particular having vehicles and military hardware based on videos of a 1962 Red Square, and a digital army doing an actual Soviet-style march. With the exception of scenes featuring the actors on ships (shot on a small bridge set) and the X-Jet (done on a set replicating the front two-thirds of the aircraft, which was mounted atop a roller wheel so it could be spun) the naval battle was entirely digital, featuring a simulated ocean and high resolution 3D models of the X-Jet, Shaw's submarine and 16 warships. The designs were mostly based on real vehicles, with the jet being a modified SR-71 Blackbird, the submarine a combination of various models from the 1940s and 1950s, and replicas of the actual US and USSR fleets in the 1960s—though a few were not in service in 1962. A particular Soviet cruiser was a larger version of the Kresta I and II, leading Weta to dub it the Kresta III. Practical effects were still used whenever possible, such as having on location most of the objects young Erik throws after his mother's death, actors and stuntmen dangled from wires, and real explosions and light effects as reference for Havok's beams.

Paragraph 7: Religious exclusivism, one of the three classic typologies created by Alan Race in order to describe religions relative to one another, states that one religion, to the exclusion of all others, has the correct understanding of God, truth and salvation and eternal paradise is contingent on one's belief in the core tenets of that religion. Diana Eck states, ‘Exclusivism is more than simply a conviction about the transformative power of the particular vision one has; it is a conviction about its finality and its absolute priority over competing views’. While it was originally used to define Christianity, exclusivism can apply to any religious belief system, as can Race’s other two categories inclusivism and pluralism. In his 1982 Christians and Religious Pluralism, Race defined pluralism as all religions being equally beneficial, with no single religion dominating. Inclusivism attempts to straddle the poles of pluralism and exclusivism by agreeing with the latter that one religion (Christianity) has the most value, and agreeing with the former by stating that other religions still have significant value. While Race’s three categories have been criticized, amended and refuted, most religious studies and interfaith scholars and students find the typologies useful as a starting point for conversations about the diversity of religions.

Paragraph 8: On August 29, 2005, the majority of eastern New Orleans flooded severely from Hurricane Katrina and associated levee failures (see: Effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans). Recovery initially unfolded slowly. By early 2006, only a handful of businesses had reopened, mostly those sited along the historic Gentilly Ridge (i.e., the Chef Menteur Highway corridor). Utility service was fully restored to the area during the course of 2006. As of January 2007, still less than half of the pre-Katrina residential population had returned, and many were living in FEMA trailers as they gutted and repaired their flood-devastated homes. Some residents returned on weekends to repair their property, while others gave up and abandoned the area. By November 2006 only 40,000 residents had returned to eastern New Orleans, compared to the 95,000 that had inhabited the area before the levee failures. However, consistent with the ongoing recovery in New Orleans' population from its post-Katrina trough, eastern New Orleans' population likewise continued to increase. By 2010, more than half of eastern New Orleans' pre-Katrina population had returned. The returning population was more affluent: determined to permanently reduce the neighborhood's quantity of multi-family housing, eastern New Orleans homeowners lobbied against many rental developments proposed in the post-Katrina era. As a consequence considerably less multi-family rental housing is available now in eastern New Orleans than existed pre-Katrina. Essential neighborhood services became scarcer as well after 2005. Only one grocery store reopened, post-Katrina, and the national retailers who had flocked to eastern New Orleans in the 1960s and 1970s, and even into the 1980s and 1990s, were slow to return. Furthermore, neither Methodist nor Lakeland hospitals reopened after Katrina, leaving eastern New Orleans without a general hospital and bereft of ER care for many years. New Orleans East Hospital (NOEH), sited within the rehabilitated former Methodist Hospital, opened in 2014, making it the first hospital to operate in the area since Katrina.

Paragraph 9: Hope Gracin is an 18-year-old girl who has had cancer since she was 12. Since then, she has taken advantage of the sympathy and special treatment she receives because of her illness. She has an Australian boyfriend, Kai, whom she met on a Make-A-Wish trip, who after hearing she had a limited time to live, comes back to the US to stay with her. She also has a best friend Sarah, who has cancer, and another best friend Seth, who is always trying to get her out of the pity attitude. Later, Hope finds out that her cancer is in remission, but chooses not to tell anyone yet to keep getting attention, although Sarah, Seth, and Hope's mother Dolores know. The popular girl at school, Zoe, feels sorry for Hope and befriends her. On the bleachers, she invites Hope for a mani-pedi, even though that's when Hope is supposed to study with Seth. When Seth leaves angrily, Hope accidentally says that her cancer is getting worse which leads Zoe to throw a party for her. As they leave, Zoe's other friends bully and break a new girl's phone. She starts getting extra sympathy, and Kai tells her that he loves her, before they kiss. One day, when Sarah visit's Hope, she finds out that Hope hasn't told anyone yet that she's in remission, and berates Hope that she was using cancer as a prop for popularity, attention, sympathy, and an easy life. Angrily, Hope accidentally says that she doesn't care about Sarah, who leaves. Sarah then goes into surgery for a transplant. At a career festival at the school, Seth asks Hope to tell her friends the truth. Zoe and her friends leave, disgusted, and Kai breaks up with Hope, for lying. Hope blames Seth for what her friends and boyfriend did to her, and he also leaves her. Hope's popularity starts to rapidly decrease, and now her teachers stop giving her special treatment. One day, Hope randomly starts talking to someone in the girls bathroom before realizing that she is the new girl whose phone broke while being bullied a few days prior. Her name is Mildred "Millie". They become friends, and Hope starts studying in all her free time, to become a pediatric oncologist. Hope tries a few times to meet Sarah to apologize, but she isn't allowed to meet Sarah because she is in recovery from her transplant surgery. Meanwhile, Kai starts dating Zoe. Seth attends the party, which now is a cupcake party instead of Hope's party, and turns on the TV as per Hope's request. It is a video of Hope apologizing and explaining about why she lied. Seth, everyone at the party, Sarah, and Hope's mother are shown to be watching the video, which is shot by Millie. Then Seth leaves the party and Hope personally apologizes to him at the hospital. Then they both visit Sarah, and Hope also personally apologizes to her.

Paragraph 10: It was announced in 2017, NEMCO Motorsports would be fielding a 2nd truck driven by Joe Nemechek in the No. 87 Fleetwing Chevrolet, the first time a father and son competed in a truck series race since Dave Blaney and Ryan Blaney at Eldora in 2013. After finishing 29th, 28th, 22nd, and 21st at the beginning of the season, John Hunter Nemechek got his 1st win of the season at Gateway, he followed that up with a win at Iowa the very next race. Joe and John Hunter will split the 8 now that the younger Nemechek has moved to a partial schedule driving for Chip Ganassi Racing in the Xfinity Series. Financial problems hit the team in 2019, forcing the 8 to start and park several races when John Hunter was not entered, or Joe was unable to find sufficient sponsorship. 2020 saw the 8s schedule greatly reduced as both teams, the 8 and 87, missed the show at Daytona with John Hunter and Joe. The #8 attempted five more races, one with Mike Skeen, one with Joe Nemechek  and the other three with JH Nemechek. He scored a top-10 finish at Charlotte Motor Speedway, climbing all the way from 38th to 6th by the end of the event. Skeen finished 23rd at the Daytona Road Course, while Joe Nemechek finished 37th at Talladega after an early crash eliminated him. Rumors circulated that NEMCO had no plans of attempting any races in 2021. These were later debunked by Joe Nemechek, who shared on his Instagram that he would attempt the season opening race at Daytona. Despite not making the race, NEMCO would run the second race of the season with Camden Murphy, finishing 13th. Following the Daytona Road Course Race, NEMCO sold its owner points to the no. 11 Spencer Davis Motorsports team.

Paragraph 11: The following season, 2012–13, proved to be a breakthrough for Mckay as he went on a goalscoring run and became a key player for the club. In the opening game of the season, he scored in a 2–2 draw against St Mirren and shortly after, in the second round of the Scottish League Cup, he scored with a header during a 1–1 draw against Stenhousemuir – a game in which Inverness won on a penalty shoot-out. A few weeks later, on 19 October 2012, Mckay scored twice in a 4–1 win over Dundee, and from 19 October to 10 November, he hit four goals in three games. Soon after, he scored the winning goal in a 1–0 victory over Celtic. After the match, Manager Terry Butcher claimed that the success was 'magnificent'. In the Highland derby, fourth-round of the Scottish Cup, Inverness CT and Ross County required a replay to separate them, but Mckay grabbed the eventual winner in the replay. At the end of November, he was awarded the SPL – Player of the Month, along with Butcher and Doran, who won the 'Manager of the Month' and 'Young Player of the Month' respectively. A week later, Mckay scored his first career hat-trick, in a 4–4 draw against Dundee United. Between 24 November 2012 and 26 December 2012, he notched ten more goals (including the Scottish Cup) over seven consecutive games. This outstanding level of performance and goalscoring led to him speculatively being linked with English clubs. The transfer rumours led to Butcher offering him a new contract. The manager also stated that Mckay was happy to remain at the club. Furthermore, Butcher claimed his striker was worth more than Celtic's Gary Hooper. On 19 January 2013, Mckay grabbed his first goal of the calendar year and then scored again in a 3–0 win over Aberdeen. In March 2013, he ended any transfer speculation by signing a new two-year deal. Terry Butcher expressed his delight to the media at securing Mckay's future at Inverness. He 'celebrated' his contract extension soon after, in the Highland derby, by slotting home the winning goal from a penalty in a 2–1 win. He led the top-scorer charts for much of the season and had put himself in the  running to win the 'Player of the Year' award. Had he done so, Mckay would have become the first man to win it (from a team other than Rangers or Celtic) since 1990, when Jim Bett claimed the award. Ultimately, however, Mckay wasn't included in the shortlist; instead, teammate Andrew Shinnie was one of the four nominees.

Paragraph 12: Due to the fear of extinction in the 1960s and 1970s, several measures were taken to create multiple populations of the pupfish outside of Devils Hole to safeguard the species, which is known as ex situ conservation. Some of these measures, such as transplanting the fish into nearby natural springs, quickly failed. The fish disappeared, though one population at Purgatory Spring was destroyed by biologists, as the fish were misshapen and no longer looked like Devils Hole pupfish. Two attempts were made at this time to establish aquaria populations, one at Steinhardt Aquarium and the other at Fresno State College, though these also failed. A number of artificial "refugia" consisting of concrete tanks approximating conditions in Devils Hole were attempted to ensure the species' survival should the natural population at Devils Hole die out. The Hoover Dam Refugium for Endangered Desert Fish was established in August 1972, with the first twenty-seven pupfish translocated in October 1972. The Hoover Dam Refugium was successfully maintained for several years and reached a population of several hundred, though the sex ratio was highly skewed towards males with as many as three males per female. In 1985 or 1986, a component of the water supply system failed, however, killing many of the fish. Nearly all the remaining fish were killed by October 1986 when an additional failure caused the water temperature to drop drastically. The lone surviving fish was then removed. In 1973, a second refugium was established at Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge (AMNWR), the Amargosa Pupfish Station, also known as the School Springs refuge. From the founding population of twenty-five fish, it remained at several dozen individuals until a power failure in August 1984 disrupted the water flow, reducing the population to seven. The population increased to 121 by October 1987. In 1990, a third refugium was constructed, also at AMNWR, called Point of Rocks refuge.

Paragraph 13: Until September 2009, to accommodate Here & Now'''s 6:00 p.m. timeslot, the network provided a separate Newfoundland Time feed of its weekday afternoon schedule between 4:00 and 6:00 local time. The 7:00 p.m. NT timeslot was then taken by Land and Sea (Monday) and repeats of Living Newfoundland and Labrador (Tuesday–Friday). As a result, the network program that normally aired at 3:30 p.m. local time (such as the Great Canadian Food Show) was preempted entirely. With few exceptions, this separate feed ended when Here & Now expanded to 90 minutes in September 2009. In late 2015, Here & Now returned to 60 minutes.

Paragraph 14: When the reconvened session opened in the Hungarian capital in early 1914, Haus made his formal proposal for funding the 1915–1919 naval program. His project was to cost between 426.8 and 427.8 million Kronen, and was to be spaced out over a period of five years. The Hungarians, led by Tisza, supported the proposal after Haus had promised that six destroyers, two river monitors, and two of the four dreadnoughts in the expansion program would be constructed in Fiume, much like the battleship Szent István. As with past budgets approving large increases in naval funds, Austria's Social Democratic Party opposed the budget. Karl Leuthner, a Social Democrat from Lower Austria and editor of the party's newspaper Arbeiter-Zeitung, criticized the budget as fiscally irresponsible and stated that the ships of the Ersatz Monarch class would be launched "into the ocean of the Austrian state debt." The Social Democrats were joined in opposition by the Young Czech Party, which had been supportive of constructing the previous Tegetthoff-class battleships. Karel Kramář, leader of the party, stated that while he had "a certain partiality for the navy", his party was opposed to many of the pro-German arguments being presented to justify the ships. Many German nationalists from Austria had voiced their support for the battleships' construction on the grounds that their existence made Austria-Hungary's alliance with Germany more powerful. Heinrich von Lützow, a member of the Austrian House of Lords and former Austro-Hungarian Ambassador to Italy, went so far as to argue that "every supporter of the Triple Alliance...must vote for the strengthening of our navy." Unlike previous battleships, the Ersatz Monarch class were ordered at a time when relations between Austria-Hungary and Italy appeared to be improving. Austria-Hungary and Italy had both signed a renewed naval agreement in the summer of 1913 to coordinate their efforts in the event of a hypothetical war between the Triple Alliance and the Triple Entente. Thus when the time came for the Austro-Hungarian government to debate the funding and approval for a new class of battleships, the role Italy played in these discussions was not one of being a potential enemy, but rather it was expected that Italy would remain an ally of Austria-Hungary in any naval operations in the Mediterranean Sea against France and Russia, and that a new class of battleships was necessary to help maintain Austria-Hungary's relationship with its Italian allies. Russia now took the place of Austria-Hungary's main naval opponent in the event of a war, and the Ersatz Monarch class were thus intended to counter any potential Russian fleets operating south of the Dardanelles.

Paragraph 15: The first group of people whose members were called terrorists in the Islamic world were the Kharijites, who declared that any Muslim, Any Muslim, regardless of lineage or ethnicity, was eligible to serve as caliph as long as they were morally upright, according to the Kharijites. Muslims had a duty to rebel against and overthrow sinful caliphs. They consequently rose up in revolt against both the legitimate rulers and the Muslim rulers who did not uphold Islamic law. The Kharijites were the first sect in Islamic history to practice takfir, allowing them to use it as a defense for killing people they deemed to be heretics. regardless of his lineage or ethnicity, was eligible to serve as caliph as long as he was morally upright. Muslims had a duty to rebel against and overthrow sinful caliphs. They consequently rose up in revolt against both the legitimate rulers and the Muslim rulers who did not uphold Islamic law. The Kharijites were the first sect which practiced takfir in Islamic history, they used their practice of takfir as a justification for their killing of people who they considered heretics, they believed that heretics were apostates who were worthy of punishment         . The sect'Ih bares similarity with later "takfiri" doctrines of Islamism. In the late 11th century, the Hashshashin (a.k.a. the Assassins) arose, an offshoot of the Isma'ili sect of Shia Muslims. Led by Hassan-i Sabbah and opposed to Fatimid and Seljuq rule, the Hashshashin militia seized Alamut and other fortress strongholds across Persia. They briefly seized power in Isfahan before the populace revolted against their brutal rule. Hashshashin forces were too small to challenge enemies militarily, so they assassinated city governors and military commanders in order to create alliances with militarily powerful neighbors. For example, they killed Janah al-Dawla, ruler of Homs, to please Ridwan of Aleppo, and assassinated Mawdud, Seljuk emir of Mosul, as a favor to the regent of Damascus. The Hashshashin also carried out assassinations as retribution. Under some definitions of terrorism, such assassinations do not qualify as terrorism, since killing a political leader does not intimidate political enemies or inspire revolt. (see also List of assassinations by the Assassins)

Paragraph 16: In 2004, a new controversy erupted at the end of the season when Auburn and Utah, who both finished the regular season , were left out of the BCS title game in favor of Oklahoma who also was  and had won decisively over Colorado in the Big 12 Championship game. USC went on to a win easily over Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl while Auburn and Utah both won their bowl games, leaving three undefeated teams at the end of the season.  Also, in that same year, Texas made up late ground on California (Cal) in the BCS standings and as a result grabbed a high-payout, at-large spot in the Rose Bowl.  Previous to that poll, Cal had been ranked ahead of Texas in both human polls and the BCS poll. Going into their final game, the Golden Bears were made aware that while margin of victory did not affect computer rankings, it did affect human polls and just eight voters changing their vote could affect the final standings.  Both teams won their game that week, but the Texas coach, Mack Brown, had made a public effort to lobby for his team to be moved higher in the ranking.  When the human polls were released, Texas remained behind Cal, but it had closed the gap enough so that the BCS poll (which determines placement) placed Texas above Cal, angering both Cal and its conference, the Pac-10. The final poll positions had been unchanged with Cal at No. 4 AP, No. 4 coaches, and No. 6 computers polls and Texas at No. 6 AP, No. 5 coaches, and No. 4 computer polls.  The AP Poll voters were caught in the middle because their vote changes were automatically publicized, while the votes of the Coaches poll were kept confidential.  Although there had been a more substantial shift in the votes of the Coaches Poll, the only clear targets for the ire of fanatical fans were the voters in the AP Poll.  While officials from both Cal and the Pac-10 called for the coaches' votes to be publicized, the overtures were turned down and did little to solve the problem of AP voters. Cal went on to lose to Texas Tech in the Holiday Bowl.  Texas defeated Michigan in the Rose Bowl.

Paragraph 17: Chord Overstreet, who played glee club member Sam Evans during the second season, did not return to the show at the start of the third season. According to Falchuk, Overstreet was invited back to guest-star for ten episodes "with an eye towards becoming a series regular at midseason", but Overstreet declined. It was reported on October 18, 2011, and confirmed by Murphy six days later, that Overstreet would be returning as a recurring character starting with the season's eighth episode. With Sam gone at the beginning of the season, Falchuk said that Mercedes "has this new boyfriend she met over the summer who's pretty cool". Friday Night Lights LaMarcus Tinker is portraying Mercedes' new love interest, Shane Tinsley. Formerly known as "Bubba" and then as "Marcus", he is "a massive linebacker for the McKinley Titans". Their relationship was compared to Cuba Gooding Jr. and his wife in Jerry Maguire, as he "encourages her to want more for herself". Ryan Murphy has said they plan to introduce four new cast members, "kids that come in with their own stories." At least two of these are female students: Sugar, who is well-off, self-confident, and has a tin ear, and Sheila, "a modern-day Joan Jett". The recurring role of Sugar Motta is played by Vanessa Lengies. Both Tinker and Lengies appeared in the season premiere, as did a character named Sheila played by Raven Goodwin, who is one of the Skanks, a group of outcast girls that includes Quinn. Another new recurring character is Sebastian Smythe, played by Grant Gustin, a "gay Dalton Academy Warbler who sets his sights on Blaine". Idina Menzel reprises her role as Shelby Corcoran in a story arc that has her teaching at McKinley; she first appeared in the season's second episode. Jonathan Groff returned for a third season as Jesse St. James, appearing in two episodes as the new coach of Vocal Adrenaline. Murphy also intended for guest star Gwyneth Paltrow to return as substitute teacher Holly Holliday. Other recurring characters who are returning include former glee club member Lauren Zizes (Ashley Fink), Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba), football coach Shannon Beiste (Dot-Marie Jones), cheerleader Becky Jackson (Lauren Potter), school reporter Jacob Ben Israel (Josh Sussman), and TV news anchors Rod Remington (Bill A. Jones) and Andrea Carmichael (Earlene Davis). Closeted gay athlete Dave Karofsky (Max Adler) also returns, as does Finn's mother Carole Hudson-Hummel (Romy Rosemont) along with Quinn's mother Judy Fabray (Charlotte Ross) and Puck's mother (Gina Hecht). Starting this season NeNe Leakes had a recurring role as Coach Roz Washington.

Paragraph 18: The Ring Record magazine scandal was uncovered by boxing writer Malcolm "Flash" Gordon and ABC staffer Alex Wallau. After Gordon and Wallau's evidence was presented to ABC executive Roone Arledge the United States Championship tournament was cancelled. Despite being hoodwinked and manipulated by Don King, in 1977 ABC made Arledge president of the then low-rated network news division, all while Arledge retained control of the Sports Division. The ABC Ring Scandal would lead to the eventual resignation of New York State Boxing Commissioner James Farley Jr., who had lent his name to the Championship fights and who was the son of former New York State Athletic Commissioner and former Postmaster General James Aloysius Farley, who had died one year prior to the scandal. Farley Jr., had accepted a hotel room which had been furnished by King. This was used by David W. Burke who at that time was a secretary of Governor Hugh Carey, to force Farley Jr.'s eventual resignation form the New York State Athletic commission. In August 1977 Mr. Arledge announced the appointment of David W. Burke, as his new assistant for administration, with the title of vice president.  Mr. Burke helped develop programs including This Week with David Brinkley and Nightline, and had no prior television or journalism experience prior to his hiring by Arledge. No formal charges of impropriety were ever filed against Farley Jr.. The following year the Boxing Writers Association dedicated their highest honor, the "James A. Farley Award", after Farley Sr., for honesty and integrity in the sport of boxing.

Paragraph 19: Malone released his debut mixtape, SwaggaMan, in 2010. He began freestyling for northern grime YouTube channel KODH TV on their series Spray Out Freestyle. He then freestyled on popular urban YouTube channels including Grime Daily. In 2011, Davies released his second mixtape Why So Serious, inspired by Batman: The Dark Knight Rises. The lead single from the mixtape "Hip Hop Heavy Metal" was released on 21 September, 2011 and the music video currently has 1.3 million views on YouTube. Lost in Meanwhile City, Malone's third mixtape, was released in 2012. Malone commented on the mixtape on his website: I called this mixtape "Lost In Meanwhile City" because I stumbled across a film called Franklyn — I felt like I could relate to the dark atmosphere at the time and also some of the featured characters faced similar problems I felt I was faced with i.e family problems, girl problems, law suits, depression. I felt 'Lost In Meanwhile City' was the perfect metaphor for my position in life at that particular time, I felt lost and basically in a world of my own. The lead single for the project and the second music video created by Malone was released on 23 August 2012. In 2014, Malone announced his fourth mixtape, Journal of an Evil Genius, and begun a "mixtape campaign" where he released music videos with narratives that coincided with the singles released from the mixtape, similar to a "visual album". The visuals were released in the form of a YouTube video every Monday at 19:00 for six weeks. On the topic of creating a campaign consisting of videos to promote the mixtape, Malone listed Quentin Tarantino as an influence and said: "I felt as if I wanted to tell a story loosely based on reality and used the raw emotion of the songs as an excuse to create a mini-horror movie." As of 2017, the videos have over 5 million views combined on YouTube. The mixtape was released on 10 February, 2014. Talking about the mixtape, Davies wrote on his website. I called this mixtape 'The Journal of an Evil Genius' mainly because that is what it is. The songs themselves are written in a journal-like style making this record the one that means the most to me. The "Evil Genius" is an alias I came up with one day in the studio and it just kind of stuck. This project is an Intricate/accurate story about my past all the way back to childhood going right the way up to the present giving it a journal-like feel.

Paragraph 20: Hobbs began with two centuries in the opening three first-class games, and in the first Test, had the highest score in both England innings with 49 and 59. But Australia established their dominance in this match, winning by 377 runs after totalling 581 in their second innings. In this game, Hobbs had opened with C. A. G. Russell in place of Rhodes, who was out of form. For the remainder of the series, Rhodes was restored to partner Hobbs, but they could not replicate their former successes. In the third Test, their partnership was ended by a run out for the only time in Tests, and they had only one stand worth more than 50. Nevertheless, in the second Test Hobbs scored 122 on a very difficult pitch which had been affected by rain. Wisden commented that this was "from the English point of view, the finest innings of the tour". Even so, England followed on in reply to Australia's total of 499 and lost by an innings. Hobbs also scored a century in defeat in the third Test, hitting 123 in the final innings as England failed to score 489 to win the game. Hobbs did not pass 50 again in the series; in the fourth Test, he scored 27 and 13. Then in a match against New South Wales before the final Test, he tore a muscle in his thigh. Persuaded by Douglas to play despite suffering from restricted mobility, Hobbs scored 40 and 34 in the final Test. But after one incident in the field when he struggled to chase the ball, Hobbs was jeered by some of the crowd. Both Fender and another member of the team, Rockley Wilson, wrote scathingly about the incident in their dual role as journalists covering the Tests. Later in the match, the crowd, who gave Wilson a hostile reception following his writing, loudly cheered Hobbs; in Hobbs' view, this was to make amends for the earlier mockery of his hampered fielding. Hobbs scored a total of 924 first-class runs on the tour, at an average of 51.33; In Test matches, he scored 505 runs at 50.50. Wisden noted in its review of the tour that many English batsmen failed in the Test series, and that "our batting on the big occasions fell far short of what might reasonably have been expected. Hobbs and Douglas alone were up to their form at home."

Paragraph 21: Pseudo-Chrysostom: Otherwise; This third precept again is connected with the right method of fasting, and the order of discourse will be this; But thou when thou fastest anoint thy head; and after comes, Enter ye in at the strait gate. For there are three chief passions in our nature, that are most adhering to the flesh; the desire of food and drink; the love of the man towards the woman; and thirdly, sleep. These it is harder to cut off from the fleshly nature than the other passions. And therefore abstinence from no other passion so sanctifies the body as that a man should be chaste, abstinent, and continuing in watchings. On account therefore of all these righteousnesses, but above all on account of the most toilsome fasting, it is that He says, Enter ye in at the strait gate. The gate of perdition is the Devil, through whom we enter into hell; the gate of life is Christ, through whom we enter into the kingdom of Heaven. The Devil is said to be a wide gate, not extended by the mightiness of his power, but made broad by the license of his unbridled pride. Christ is said to be a strait gate not with respect to smallness of power, but to His humility; for He whom the whole world contains not, shut Himself within the limits of the Virgin's womb. The way of perdition is sin of any kind It is said to be broad, because it is not contained within the rule of any discipline, but they that walk therein follow whatever pleases them. The way of life is all righteousness, and is called narrow for the contrary reasons. It must be considered that unless one walk in the way, he cannot arrive at the gate; so they that walk not in the way of righteousness, it is impossible that they should truly know Christ. Likewise neither does he run into the hands of the Devil, unless he walks in the way of sinners.

Paragraph 22: Cardinals pitcher Jeff Weaver (an ex-Tiger) was cruising into the fourth inning, and he appeared to be nowhere near trouble with a lead-off groundout by Guillen, followed by a routine popup by Magglio Ordóñez. This popup turned out to be much more troublesome than it first appeared: right fielder Chris Duncan dropped the ball, apparently distracted by center fielder Jim Edmonds who was also going after the ball. With Ordóñez on via the error, the very next pitch of the game was hit by the hot-hitting Sean Casey into the right-field seats just inside the foul pole for a two-run homer that gave Detroit the lead, 2–1. The Cardinals would threaten immediately in the bottom of the inning, however, with Yadier Molina and So Taguchi each singling to put runners at first and second with one out. Pitcher Jeff Weaver then came up and attempted to bunt the runners over to second and third. The bunt was fielded cleanly by the pitcher Justin Verlander, but he attempted to force out Molina at third. The throw missed third baseman Brandon Inge and the ball went into the left-field foul area. This allowed Molina to score to tie it up, with Taguchi and Weaver arriving safely at third and second. Later, Verlander said "I picked it up and said, Don't throw it away, instead of just throwing it.  I got tentative." The throwing error by Verlander was the fifth error by Detroit pitchers in the World Series, having committed one per game, setting a new World Series record. (A placard held by a Cardinals fan in the stands read "HIT IT TO THE PITCHER").  The next batter, David Eckstein, grounded out to score the runner from third, and St. Louis secured their lead, 3–2. Verlander kept Weaver from scoring by retiring Chris Duncan, but the damage was already done.

Paragraph 23: The passage of the McGuire Bill in 1911 led to the designation of a large number of Inter-County Highways to be maintained by the Ohio Department of Highways. This network included the Cincinnati-Batavia Road (Inter-County Highway 41, ICH 41) and Batavia-Winchester Road (ICH 125), connecting Cincinnati to Batavia, Williamsburg, Mt. Orab, Sardinia, Winchester, and beyond to an intersection with the West Union-Belfast Road (ICH 122) south of Seaman (where Graces Run Road now meets SR 247). This entire route from Cincinnati to south of Seaman was designated and signed as State Route 74 in 1923. The route left downtown Cincinnati on Eastern Avenue, shared with SR 7 (now US 52) and SR 25 (now SR 125). SR 7 left at Davis Lane (now Airport Road), while SR 25 and SR 74 turned onto Beechmont Avenue, splitting after crossing the Little Miami River. By 1925, the eastern end of SR 74 had been realigned and extended, heading east from Winchester through Seaman and continuing through Peebles to SR 73 northwest of Rarden; the old alignment (Graces Run Road) reverted to local control. Along with US 50, US 52, and SR 125, SR 74 was moved to Columbia Parkway in the early 1940s, and in the early 1950s it was removed from downtown Cincinnati to its present terminus. Due to the existence of I-74 west of Cincinnati, the number was changed to SR 32 in 1962; SR 74 signs were removed in June 1963 after a period of dual signage. The designation had originally been applied to a route running from the Indiana border west of Celina to Marysville; in 1938 it was replaced by US 33 east of St. Marys, and a rerouted SR 54, later SR 29, to the west.

Paragraph 24: On 12 April, the battalions of the 52nd Regiment were still engaged in heavy fighting north of Xuân Lộc, but the town, although demolished, was still held by the 43rd Regiment. PAVN losses to that point were probably in excess of 800 killed, 5 captured, 300 weapons captured and 11 T-54 tanks destroyed. ARVN casualties had been moderate. Most of the 43rd Regiment was holding east of the town; the 48th was southwest; the 1st Airborne Brigade was south but moving north toward the 82nd Ranger Battalion; and the 322 Task Force was on Route 1 west of the Route 20 junction attacking toward Xuân Lộc. Two resupply missions were flown into the besieged town; on 12 April CH-47 helicopters brought in 93 tons of artillery ammunition and followed with 100 tons the next day. Meanwhile, RVNAF airplanes flying against intense antiaircraft fire, took a heavy toll of the PAVN divisions around Xuân Lộc flying over 200 sorties. At 14:00 on 12 April, RVNAF C-130 Hercules dropped two BLU-82 bombs on PAVN positions in the town of Xuan Vinh, close to Xuân Lộc, killing about 200 PAVN soldiers. The Joint General Staff made the decision to bolster the defences at Xuân Lộc with units drawn from the general reserve. Subsequently, the ARVN 1st Airborne Brigade arrived at the Bao Dinh rubber plantation, while two Marine battalions defended the eastern corridor leading to Bien Hoa. In addition, Tan Phong and Dau Giay received reinforcements from the 33rd Ranger Battalion, 8th Battalion, 5th Division, 8th Artillery Battalion and three armored brigades (315th, 318th and 322nd Armored Brigades). As the reinforcements were making their way onto the battlefield, RVNAF fighter-bombers from Bien Hoa and Tan Son Nhat flew between 80 and 120 combat sorties per day to support the defenders at Xuân Lộc.

Paragraph 25: To illustrate that a wheelset trajectory follows a curved path, one may place a nail or screw on a flat table top and give it a push. It will roll in a circular curve because the nail or screw is like a wheelset with extremely different diameter wheels. The head is analogous to a large diameter wheel and the pointed end is like a small diameter wheel. While the nail or screw will turn around in a full circle (and more) the railroad wheelset behaves differently because as soon at it starts to turn in a curve, the effective diameters change in such a way as to decrease the curvature of the path. Note that "radius" and "curvature" refer to the curvature of the trajectory of the wheelset and not the curvature of the railway since this is perfectly straight track. As the wheelset rolls on, the curvature decreases until the wheels reach the point where their effective diameters are equal and the path is no longer curving. But the trajectory has a slope at this point (it is a straight line which crosses diagonally over the centerline of the track) so that it overshoots the centerline of the track and the effective diameters reverse (the formerly smaller diameter wheel becomes the larger diameter and conversely). This results in the wheelset moving in a curve in the opposite direction. Again it overshoots the centerline and this phenomenon continues indefinitely with the wheelset oscillating from side to side.  Note that the wheel flange never makes contact with the rail. In this model, the rails are assumed to always contact the wheel tread along the same line on the rail head which assumes that the rails are knife-edge and only make contact with the wheel tread along a line (of zero width).

Paragraph 26: The 1963 World Series was the championship series of Major League Baseball's (MLB) 1963 season. The 60th edition of the World Series, it was a best-of-seven playoff that matched the American League (AL) champion and two-time defending World Series champion New York Yankees against the National League (NL) champion Los Angeles Dodgers; the Dodgers swept the Series in four games to secure their second championship title in five years, and their third in franchise history. Dodgers starting pitchers Sandy Koufax, Don Drysdale, and Johnny Podres, and ace reliever Ron Perranoski combined to give up only four runs in four games. The dominance of the Dodgers pitchers was so complete that at no point in any of the four games did the Yankees have the lead. New York was held to a .171 team batting average, the lowest ever for the Yankees in the postseason. Koufax was named the World Series Most Valuable Player.

Paragraph 27: When Männil arrived in Maracaibo, Venezuela, in February 1946, he described himself as "penniless". He had traveled there under an employment contract to work for the enterprise headed by Juan Mendiri in Maracaibo and which later became part of BECO.  He joined  Beco, a department store founded in 1942 and owned by Blohms, a family of German descent.  Beco was bought out by a group of investors headed by Arnold Orav together with Juan Simon Mendoza (co-founder of Venezuela's largest business empire, the Polar Group), and a couple of other Estonians, who, like Männil, were members of the academic corporation Vironia.  Arnold Carl Orav, Chmn, split from BECO in 1951 to form ACO Group, a company that would eventually control over one-sixth of Venezuela's automotive trade. Männil received Venezuelan citizenship in 1952. Männil assumed the title of chairman, in addition to CEO of the ACO Group. It emerged in the 1970s as the world's largest tractor dealership as the dealer for John Deere Tractors in Venezuela.  It also became the largest automobile dealership in South America, according to the Ford Motor Company (USA). A significant contributor to the success of the Aco Group was the innovative introduction in Venezuela of in-house auto sale financing using a captive finance company. In 1983, the Aco Group was ranked as the fifth-largest private-sector company in Venezuela [El Universal]. A progressive downturn in Venezuela's economy, which had a particularly adverse on Aco's capital-intensive businesses, resulted in a reorganization in 1994 under new leadership. Mannil was voted out as CEO so he left ACO and formed Oriand, with a portion of the auto dealerships that had been part of Aco. At that time he had been the fourth-largest shareholder, owning 20% of the company. Männil continued to own Oriand Grupo Oriand, until his death.

Paragraph 28: Wolf v. Colorado, 338 U.S. 25 (1949), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held 6—3 that, while the Fourth Amendment was applicable to the states, the exclusionary rule was not a necessary ingredient of the Fourth Amendment's right against warrantless and unreasonable searches and seizures. In Weeks v. United States, 232 U.S. 383 (1914), the Court held that as a matter of judicial implication the exclusionary rule was enforceable in federal courts but not derived from the explicit requirements of the Fourth Amendment. The Wolf Court decided not to incorporate the exclusionary rule as part of the Fourteenth Amendment in large part because the states which had rejected the Weeks Doctrine (the exclusionary rule) had not left the right to privacy without other means of protection (i.e. the States had their own rules to deter police officers from conducting warrantless and unreasonable searches and seizures). However, because most of the states' rules proved to be ineffective in deterrence, the Court overruled Wolf in Mapp v. Ohio, 367 U.S. 643 (1961). That landmark case made history as the exclusionary rule enforceable against the states through the Due Process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the same extent that it applied against the federal government.

Paragraph 29: Ralph Kronig (1931, 1932), published the first theory of x-ray absorption fine structure, which contained some of the basic concepts of the modern interpretation. The Kronig-Penney Model (1931) is a one-dimensional model of a crystal that shows how the electrons in a crystal are dispersed into allowed and forbidden bands by scattering from the extended linear array of atoms. His first theory (1931) of EXAFS was the three-dimensional equivalent of this model. The theory showed that a photo electron traversing a crystal lattice would experience permitted and forbidden zones depending on its wavelength and, that even when the effect was averaged over all directions in the lattice, a residual structure should be observed. His theory was successful in predicting many generally observed features of the fine structure, including similar structure from similar lattices, inverse r2 dependence, correct r versus T dependence and increasing energy separation of the fine structure features with energy from the edge. The equation, which was re-derived in a more quantitative way in 1932 was simple to apply and interpret. Every experimenter found approximate agreement with the theory. There were always some absorption features close to that predicted by the possible lattice planes. However, the expected strong reflections (e. g. (100), (110), (111), etc. ) did not always correlate with the most intense absorption features as intuitively expected. Still, agreement was close enough to be tantalizing and everyone tested the agreement of their measured "Kronig structure" with the simple Kronig theory. In the Kronig equation, energy positions Wn correspond to the zone boundaries, i. e. not the absorption maxima or minima, but the first rise in each fine structure maximum. abg are the Miller indices, a is the lattice constant and q is the angle between the electron direction and the reciprocal lattice direction. When averaged over all directions with a non-polarized x-ray beam and a polycrystalline absorber, cos2q = 1. However, with a single crystal absorber and polarized x-rays the absorption features should be larger for specific crystal planes. This was another experimental variable that might verify the theory and many attempted to test it. Thus began the long record of publications in which Kronig structure was interpreted in terms of the simple Kronig theory. Until the 1970s fully 2% of the papers published in Phys. Rev. were devoted to x-ray absorption spectroscopy and most invoked Kronig's theory.

Paragraph 30: In February 1980, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) designated three applications seeking channel 45 in Rosenberg for hearing. Trinity Broadcasting of Texas dropped out in 1981, leaving two combatants for the channel. Pueblo Broadcasting, owned by businessmen A.C. Peña and J. Adán Treviño, proposed the construction of Houston's first full-time Spanish-language outlet; previously, KRIV, an English-language independent, had carried some Spanish programming from the Spanish International Network, Univision's predecessor, or adjacent to prime time. The bid had initially been prepared because SIN was interested in a station in the market and had approached local Hispanics to put together an application. The other applicant was Texas 45 Broadcasting, a subsidiary of Chicago-based Weigel Broadcasting.