Paragraph 1: The giant armadillo is the largest living species of armadillo, with 11 to 13 hinged bands protecting the body and a further three or four on the neck. Its body is dark brown in color, with a lighter, yellowish band running along the sides, and a pale, yellow-white head. These armadillos have around 80 to 100 teeth, which is more than any other terrestrial mammal. The teeth are all similar in appearance, being reduced premolars and molars, grow constantly throughout life, and lack enamel. They also possess extremely long front claws, including a sickle-shaped third claw up to  in length, which are proportionately the largest of any living mammal. The tail is covered in small rounded scales and does not have the heavy bony scutes that cover the upper body and top of the head. The animal is almost entirely hairless, with just a few beige colored hairs protruding between the scutes.

Paragraph 2: Turkish nationalism in Cyprus developed mainly in response to Greek nationalism and the desire for enosis, union of the whole island with Greece. Initially, Turkish Cypriots favoured the continuation of British rule. However, they were alarmed by the Greek Cypriot calls for enosis, as they saw that the union of Crete with Greece had led to the exodus of Cretan Turks, which was a precedent to be avoided, and they took a pro-partition stance in response to the militant activity of EOKA. Turkish Cypriots also viewed themselves as a distinct ethnic group of the island and believed in their having a separate right to self-determination from Greek Cypriots. Meanwhile, in the 1950s, Turkish leader Adnan Menderes considered Cyprus an "extension of Anatolia", rejected the partition of Cyprus along ethnic lines and supported the annexation of the whole island to Turkey. Nationalistic slogans centred on the idea that "Cyprus is Turkish", and the ruling party declared Cyprus to be part of the Turkish homeland and vital for its security. Upon realising that Turkish Cypriots were only 20% of the islanders and so annexation was unfeasible, the national policy was changed to favour partition. The slogan "Partition or Death" was frequently used in Turkish Cypriot and Turkish protests in the late 1950s and throughout the 1960s. Although after the Zurich and London Conferences, Turkey seemed both to accept the existence of the Cypriot state and to distance itself from its policy of favouring the partition of the island, the goal of Turkish and Turkish Cypriot leaders remained that of creating an independent Turkish state in the northern part of the island.

Paragraph 3: In 1106, when the head or coarb of the see of Armagh had been handed from layman to layman of the Ui Sinaich family, Celsus (Ceallach or Ceallach) became the eighth in line. He wanted to end that tradition of lay control of the episcopal see, and so he became first a priest and then was consecrated a bishop, becoming Archbishop of Armagh. He assumed his right to this position as a bishop, but renounced his right to it as a layman. Fearing that his relatives would try to displace him and take away the attributes of his power, he brought the Bachal Isu to Ballyboughal around 1113. When Celsus died in 1129, he named an Archbishop not related to him. His choice: Maelmhaedhoc O'Morgair, the eventual St. Malachy. He also send Malachy the Bachal Isu, but it was seized by Morrough, a cousin of Celsus, who turned the staff over to Flann Ui Sinaich for safe-keeping, preventing Malachy from assuming his position. Morrough died in 1134 and was succeeded as lay lord of Armagh by Celsus's brother Niall, but his own family now saw "the degradation and disgrace brought upon the diocese by this lay claim"  and drove out Niall. In 1135 Flann Ui Sinaich died, and St. Malachy was able to purchase the Bachal Isu from his successor and to retrieve it on 7 July of that year from a cave where it had been hidden away, becoming finally archbishop. In 1137, Malachy resigned his archbishopric to Gelasius, who apparently returned the Bachal Isu to Ballyboughal, where in 1113 Bishop Samuel U h-Aingli had set aside land for the preservation and protection of the staff. In 1173, Richard de Clare, 2nd Earl of Pembroke removed the staff from Ballyboughal and sent it to Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin.

Paragraph 4: In 2011 Agricantus receive the award for the Mediterranean culture Bodini, that the group will dedicate to Amnesty International, which will be present at their live for the fiftieth anniversary of the founding, doing a series of concerts and TV broadcasts. In May 2012 Agricantus play in Barcelona in support of free radio, will be published in a CD with songs of all participants in the festival. On August 7, 2012 on Rai Uno Tonj Acquaviva announces the release of the new concept album Kuntarimari, thematic work inspired by the tales of the sea with various collaborations of international musicians. And in an interview on August 10 Ecoradio, send a preview of the title track of the album "Kuntarimari".  In October 2012, the Agricantus have the Cd Kuntarimari in Barcelona the seat of the SGAE (Spanish Society authors publishers). In November, the album will be presented to the “house of the Italian” with a screening of the documentary "Agricantus by Tonj Acquaviva" dedicated to the greatest composer of the band. The presentation will be made at the concert Tradicionarius, the theater more representative for world music in Barcelona, within the festival "Cose di Amilcare," in collaboration with the Catalan festival "Barnasants." Creator of the festival Sergio Sacchi Secondiano "cultural soul" of the Club Tenco, (the festival that in 1996 awarded the Targa Tenco Group Agricantus) of the event will be made a CD, "Cose di Amilcare" with songs of all participants in the festival. At the end of 2012 Mario Crispi, Mario Rivera and Paolo Dossena meet and decide to resume production of Agricantus through the project "reunion", calling on all artists who in the past had contributed to the creative level in various capacities, including, Acquaviva and Wiederkehr. Acquaviva and Wiederkehr respond negatively to the invitation, because in full activity with Agricantus. Immediately after, unbeknownst to Acquaviva and Wiederkehr, Paolo Dossena, Mario Rivera and Mario Crispi register the mark Agricantus claiming to be the sole holder of the right to represent continuity with the original project. In the same year, Rivera, Crispi and Dossena create the formation "Agricantus Reunion" involving the musician Federica Zammarchi, as female voice, and Giovanni Lo Cascio on drums. With this lineup the band does some concerts and participates in the video / single Uommene / Omini produced by :Blob, Amnesty International and Legambiente. In August 2013 Tonj Acquaviva and Rosie Wiederkehr released the album Kuntarimari with Discmedi / Warner Music editions España receiving an excellent reception from audiences and critics. In 2014 Agricantus Reunion publish Turnari, early exit of the single 'Nsunnai and its video, nonché dal Concerto del Primo Maggio 2014 tenuto a Piazza San Giovanni a Roma, as well as from the Concerto del Primo Maggio 2014 held in Piazza San Giovanni in Rome, where Federica Zammarchi is considered to be the new voice of Agricantus Reunion.  Following the controversy triggered by the contemporary use of the name between, Mario Crispi, Mario Rivera, Paolo Dossena on the one hand, and on the other Tonj Acquaviva and Rosie Wiederkehr, the two sides, confirming the two different paths, testify to the bitter legal conflict still course.  To avoid overlapping Tonj Acquaviva and Rosie Wiederkehr decide to use Agricantus "by Acquaviva."

Paragraph 5: Carnegie was promoted to rear-admiral on 23 April 1804 as a rear-admiral of the white, keeping Britannia as his flagship and taking Charles Bullen as his flag captain. He stayed on the Brest blockade until detached with Vice-Admiral Robert Calder and twenty ships of the line to reinforce the fleet of Vice-Admiral Cuthbert Collingwood at Cádiz in August 1805, where the combined fleet of Admiral Pierre-Charles Villeneuve was sheltering.Lee, Nelson and Napoleon, p. 283 By October Carnegie was third in command of the Mediterranean Fleet commanded by Vice-Admiral Lord Nelson off Cádiz. The combined fleet sailed on 18 October and the British fleet came up with them on 21 October to fight what would become the Battle of Trafalgar. Nelson looked to pierce the combined fleet with two columns and for this purpose Britannia was in the windward column lead by Nelson in HMS Victory.Britannia was a slow ship that did not sail well, and so Nelson ordered Carnegie to 'assume a station as most convenient' during the attack, allowing him the best chance to reach the battle on time. Later he was ordered to break through the enemy line behind their fourteenth ship, making Britannia the fourth ship of the windward column to join the action. Upon breaking the enemy line Britannia came up with and dismasted a French 80-gun ship, and then engaged three of the enemy ships attempting to attack Victory. Britannia fought throughout the battle and received fifty-two casualties, of which ten were killed. After the battle was won the British began to secure their prizes, but a large storm meant that many of the newly captured ships had to be abandoned; Carnegie ignored Collingwood's orders to leave the prisoners of war on board the ship nearest to him, Intrépide, and had Britannia's boats rescue them all before scuttling the prize.

Paragraph 6: I Arrived at Salisbury Thursday afternoon on a business trip. Early Friday I went to Princess Anne and returned late in the afternoon. I was standing talking to an acquaintance on Main Street about the killing of that man Elliot, when I noticed a group of men milling about the front of the town paper, the Salisbury Times. When I had finished my conversation, I went over to read the bulletin.I read the bulletin that was posted on the front of the building. It read: "Nigger is Dead. The nigger who murdered Mr. Elliot, a prominent citizen, has been reported as being dead."While I was reading this, a white man who was standing by mistook me for one of them and said, "Ain't that a damn shame that nigger died so soon. There was going to be some fun here tonight." Just about that time another bulletin was posted. It read: "The statement made by officials that the Negro was dead is false. A message just received says that he is improving."The men stood there for about five minutes. They stood talking in groups; more persons read that bulletin, and the crowd grew ever so thick. Almost like an explosion, some one yelled, "Let's go to the hospital and get this nigger and lynch him."Almost as though it was a military command, the crowd started toward the hospital. I followed along to see what was going to happen.The white man who was walking alongside of me said: "It's going to be good to see that nigger swing."When we arrived at the hospital, there was some man who asked the mob not to bother Williams. he crowd started to curse and swear and then a man said to be Dr. Dix [sic] came outside and asked the men to be quiet as there were many dangerously ill persons in the hospital. By that time a group of men - just how many I don't know - had gotten in the hospital and seized Williams. The colored ward is on the first floor towards the rear of the building. Instead of carrying his body through the door, the men threw him out of the first floor window to a large group of men. Williams had on the regulation hospital gown and his head was swathed in bandages which covered his eyes and his feet were bare.Seemingly in a semi-conscious condition, the fellow was dragged to the court house lawn...The following is from the edition of December 5 of the Baltimore Post:The Negro was dragged from, a hospital cot about 8p.m. and hanged to a limb of a tree in the courthouse square by a mob of more than 2000 persons.Later the body was dragged a quarter of a mile through the business section to a Negro subdivision, saturated with 40 gallons of gasoline and burned.The size of the mob was further corroborated in a report by The Baltimore SunMore than 2,000 persons, most of them members of the mob which had witnessed the hanging, but many new recruits, grouped around the pyre. They did not disperse until the last flame had flickered out.Sometime the following year, the Baltimore Afro-American received an account from an unidentified eyewitness to the murder of Matthew Williams:"First they dragged him to the courthouse square and hanged him, then they cut him down, tied the rope to the back of an auto, and dragged him to the Negro section of the town. Then they got about 40 or 50 gallons of gasoline, but before they threw this gas over him, they cut off his fingers and toes, threw them on the porches and in the yards of the colored people's homes, shouting these remarks, that they (the colored people) could make 'nigger' sandwiches out of them. Then they threw the gas over him, set a match to him, and while the human torch burned, they passed booze around, drinking and shouting...."

Paragraph 7: Eyriès chose a selection of eight German ghost stories to translate for a French audience. The first story ("") was from Johann Karl August Musäus' satirical retellings of traditional folk tales  (1786). The next ("") was by Johann August Apel, first published in Johann Friedrich Kind's  (1805), but reprinted in Apel's anthology  (1810). Of the remaining six tales, five were from the first two volumes of Apel and Laun's  (1810–1811), and one ("") was by the highly popular author Heinrich Clauren, which had been parodied by Apel in one of his  stories ("", translated as ""). Fantasmagoriana was partly translated into English in 1813, by Sarah Elizabeth Utterson as Tales of the Dead containing the first five stories (see list, below); thus three of the five stories from . Three editions in three countries and languages over a period of three years shows that these ghost stories were very popular.

Paragraph 8: After the September 11 attacks in 2001, Rowley wrote a paper for FBI Director Robert Mueller documenting how FBI HQ personnel in Washington, D.C., had mishandled and failed to take action on information provided by the Minneapolis, Minnesota, Field Office regarding its investigation of suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui. Moussaoui had been suspected of being involved in preparations for a suicide-hijacking similar to the December 1994 "Eiffel Tower" hijacking of Air France 8969. Failures identified by Rowley may have left the U.S. vulnerable to the September 11, 2001, attacks. Rowley was one of many agents frustrated by the events that led up to the attacks, writing:During the early aftermath of September 11th, when I happened to be recounting the pre–September 11th events concerning the Moussaoui investigation to other FBI personnel in other divisions or in FBIHQ, almost everyone's first question was "Why?—Why would an FBI agent(s) deliberately sabotage a case?" (I know I shouldn't be flippant about this, but jokes were actually made that the key FBI HQ personnel had to be spies or moles like Robert Hanssen who were actually working for Osama Bin Laden to have so undercut Minneapolis's effort.)Coleen Rowley APFN.org  Memo to FBI Director Robert Mueller. An edited version of the agent's 13-page letter  American Patriot Friends Network, May 21, 2002

Paragraph 9: FINRA, an "independent, not-for-profit organization authorized by Congress", ran and provided regulatory services to the OTCBB by "writing and enforcing rules governing the activities of more than 4,100 securities firms with approximately 639,780 brokers". The OTCBB formerly collected 100% of quotes, but that number declined with the rise of its competitor OTC Markets Group, which uses an electronic quotation system. In September 2009, FINRA announced that it would be selling the OTCBB. OTC Markets Group was the leading contender for purchasing the OTCBB, but terms could not be reached. In September 2010, FINRA announced that it had reached terms for the sale of the OTCBB with Rodman & Renshaw, an investment bank. Along with the sale of the OTCBB and, in an effort to provide uniform regulation to all OTC issues and, subsequently, transparency to the OTC market, FINRA has proposed a "quotation consolidation system". Under the quotation consolidation system, FINRA would require dealers to report all of their quotes to the quotation consolidation system, regardless of the market upon which they were originally quoted. This would enable FINRA to have access to all quotes in OTC issues and regulate the OTC market in its entirety. Pink OTC argues this is anti-competitive and an abuse of FINRA's authority.

Paragraph 10: Freddie Lee Shuttlesworth (born Freddie Lee Robinson, March 18, 1922 – October 5, 2011) was a U.S. civil rights activist who led the fight against segregation and other forms of racism as a minister in Birmingham, Alabama. He was a co-founder of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, initiated and was instrumental in the 1963 Birmingham Campaign, and continued to work against racism and for alleviation of the problems of the homeless in Cincinnati, Ohio, where he took up a pastorate in 1961. He returned to Birmingham after his retirement in 2007. He worked with Martin Luther King Jr. during the civil rights movement, though the two men often disagreed on tactics and approaches.

Paragraph 11: At Budokan Peter Pan: DDT 15th Anniversary, Harashima and NJPW's Togi Makabe defeated Shuji Ishikawa and BJW's Ryuji Ito. Afterwards, Harashima formed a new veteran stable with generational rivals Kudo and Yasu Urano to go after the villainous Team Drift (later Team Dream Futures) stable of Keisuke Ishii, Shigehiro Irie and Soma Takao. On September 30, the veterans, now known collectively as "Urashimakudo", defeated Team Drift in the first six-man tag team match between the two stables. In October, both Kudo and Urano were sidelined with injuries bringing the future of the stable into doubt, however, the stable was kept alive when Hiro Tsumaki joined the veteran stable on October 21 as a replacement for the injured members. On November 25, Jarashima returned for one night only as part of Poison Sawada Julie's retirement match. Urano returned in December and on January 6, 2013, Harashima and Urano defeated Mikami and Tatsumi Fujinami to win the KO-D Tag Team Championships. On January 27, Kudo announced that he was returning to the ring in February. This led Fuma (formally Hiro Tsumaki) announcing that the stable was now called Urashimafuma and he was a full-time member. However, Yasu Urano ended up turning on Fuma, kicking him out of the stable and welcoming Kudo back. After four successful title defences, Harashima and Urano lost the KO-D Tag Team Championships to Hikaru Sato and Yukio Sakaguchi. Harashima quickly bounced back from the title loss, winning the Hard Hit Grappling Tournament on May 19 and entered the 2013 King of DDT On July 7, Harashima defeated Kenny Omega in the finals of the tournament and earned the right to challenge the KO-D Openweight Champ, Team Dream Futures' Shigehiro Irie. On August 17, during the first day of DDT's 16th anniversary weekend at Ryōgoku Kokugikan, Urashimakudo lost to Team Dream Futures in a trios match. The following day, at Ryogoku Peter Pan 2013, Harashima won his fifth KO-D Openweight Championship. On October 20, Harashima won the Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship for the first time since 2002 whilst successfully defending his KO-D Openweight Championship against Danshoku Dino. On November 4, Harashima continued his dominance, defeating Antonio Honda for the DDT Extreme Championship., becoming a triple crown champion in the process. Harashima lost the Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship to Yukio Sakaguchi on December 12 but regained in on December 23 during a KO-D Openweight Championship defence. On December 31, Harashima finished his extremely successful year by winning Tenka Toitsu! 3 Organization Strongest Determination Tournament, a one night knock out style tournament put on by DDT, BJW and Kaientai Dojo. After losing the Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship to Masa Takanashi on January 13, 2014, Harashima successfully defended his KO-D Openweight Title against Takanashi on February 23. After the match, Kudo quit the Urashimakudo stable and challenged Harashima to a match for the KO-D Openweight Championship. On March 1, Harashima lost the DDT Extreme Championship to Danshoku Dino. Harashima's misery continued as at Judgement 2014, Kudo defeated Harashima to win the KO-D Openweight Championship.

Paragraph 12: In 2004, Key joined the cast of Mad TV midway into the ninth season. He and Jordan Peele were cast against each other, but both ended up being picked after demonstrating great comedic chemistry. Key played many characters on the show. One of his most famous characters is "Coach Hines", a high school sports coach who frequently disrupts and threatens students and faculty members. On the penultimate episode of Mad TV, Hines revealed that he is the long-lost heir to the Heinz Ketchup company and only became a Catholic school coach to help delinquent teenagers like Yamanashi (Bobby Lee). During seasons 9 and 10, Key appeared as "Dr. Funkenstein" in blaxploitation parodies, with Peele playing the monster. Key also portrayed various guests on Real **********ing Talk like the strong African Rollo Johnson and blind victim Stevie Wonder Washington. He often went "backstage" as Eugene Struthers, an ecstatic water-or-flower delivery man who accosts celebrities. There was also "Jovan Muskatelle", a shirtless man with a jheri curl and a shower cap who interrupts live news broadcasts by a reporter (always played by Ike Barinholtz), annoying him with rapid-fire accounts of events that have happened frequently exclaiming "It was crazy as hell!" Celebrities that Key impersonated on the show include Ludacris, Snoop Dogg, Roscoe Orman (as his character Gordon from Sesame Street), Matthew Lillard, Bill Cosby, Al Roker, Terrell Owens, Tyler Perry, Keith Richards, Eddie Murphy (as his character James "Thunder" Early from the movie Dreamgirls), Sherman Hemsley (as his character George Jefferson on The Jeffersons), Charles Barkley, Sendhil Ramamurthy (as Mohinder Suresh), Tyson Beckford, Seal (originally played by Peele until Peele left the show at the end of season 13), Sidney Poitier, Lionel Richie, Barack Obama, Kobe Bryant and Jack Haley (as the Tin Man from The Wizard of Oz). He also played female celebrities, including Phylicia Rashād, Robin Antin, and Eva Longoria (as Gabrielle Solis on a Desperate Housewives parody).

Paragraph 13: Bang they are off to the races. Ocean Roar gets out to the lead with Arts and Letters just on his tail. With Top Knight and Majestic Prince right behind them. Majestic Prince then made a strong move along the outside trying to make a jump up. While the rest of the back was 1 to 2 links back from the front of the pack. Ocean Roar was still holding on strong to his lead by 4 to 5 lengths with Majestic Prince and Arts and Letters just right behind in the race.  With Majestic Prince and Arts of Letter on the inside Top Knight started his run on the outside. The three horses were almost neck to neck with each other, but they were still behind Ocean Roar. Ocean Roar then starts to fall back to the rest of the pack. Majestic Prince is on the inside with Arts of Letters and Ocean Roar right there with him. But here comes Dike making a run on the outside behind Oceans Roar. The first pack is making their run down the backstretch of the track. At this point in the race Traffic Mark starts to make a run on the outside for the front pack. With Majestic Prince, Arts of Letters, and Dike in the front now that Ocean has started to fall behind with Traffic Mark taking his spot in the running. At the 3rd turn Knight is leading by a head with Majestic Prince right on his tail. Majestic Prince is making his Move on the inside with Arts of Letters right the in the middle with Dike on the outside all within a length with the final turn of the race. Arts of Letter pushes through to take the lead at this point with Majestic Prince and Dike right there while Traffic Mark is sticking with the front runner but about a length and a half behind. Coming to an end Majestic Prince and Arts of Letters take a one length lead from the pack. They are neck and neck going into the final leg of the race. Majestic Prince pushes through that last leg and gets a neck length of gap between him and Arts of Letter. That neck length brought home the win for Majestic Prince with Arts of Letters to his neck just behind. To the finish Dike was on Majestic Prince's right on the outside and back just I length from Majestic Prince and right on Arts of Letters tail. The rest of the pack was lengths behind at the time of the top three finishing.

Paragraph 14: Vision span or perceptual span is a controversial concept referring to the angular span (vertically and horizontally), within which  the human eye has sharp enough vision to perform an action accurately (reading or face recognition). The visual field of the human eye spans approximately 120 degrees of arc.  However, most of that arc is peripheral vision. The human eye has much greater resolution in the macula, where there is a higher density of cone cells.  The macula has a diameter of about 16 degrees of the retina.  The field of view that is observed with sufficient resolution to read text typically spans about 6 degrees of arc, which is wide enough to allow a clear view of about five words in a row when printed text at ordinary size is held about 50 centimeters from the eyes. Regarding face processing, the field of view with a sufficient amount of information in order to recognise faces accurately spans about 7° which represents about 45% of a face. The brain creates the illusion of having a greater visual span by automatically and unconsciously moving the center of vision into any area of interest in the field of view.

Paragraph 15: Congress expanded the Corps of Cadets to 2,496 in 1942, and the academy reverted to a three-year course of study. The Class of 1943 was redesignated the Class of January 1943 and graduated six months early. Subsequent classes, from June 1943 through 1947, graduated in three years. The war years brought a greater emphasis on military training. In 1943, summer training was formally moved from the Plain to the new area recently acquired southwest of main post, which would later become Camp Buckner. Flight training was conducted at Stewart Field in Newburgh, and the academy graduated more than 1,000 commissioned pilots between 1943 and 1946. Nearly 500 graduates gave their lives in World War II.  In 1945, Maxwell Taylor (class of 1922) became superintendent, ushering in the beginnings of the modern Military Academy.  Taylor expanded the size of departments, added several new professors, abolished antiquated courses in fencing and horsemanship, inserted the study of amphibious operations into the military curriculum, and added courses in nuclear physics, electronics and communications. In response to Eisenhower's belief that American leaders needed to understand the psychology of the citizen soldier, courses were added in leadership and applied psychology. These changes provided graduates with a better understanding of how to motivate and lead the soldiers of a free society. Coursework in the humanities and social sciences increased to 40 percent of a cadet's total workload.  When the Korean War began, the academy continued on a steady course and did not face major disruption from the conflict.  The Korean War and an honor scandal in 1951 led to a decline in admissions, so that by 1954, only 67% of the academy's authorized strength was filled. The academy responded with its first modern advertising campaign." In 1955, the Hollywood motion picture The Long Gray Line, based upon another book by Colonel Reeder and his sister, was completed, and the CBS dramatic series The West Point Story aired on television. Colonel Russell "Red" Reeder, Class of 1926, wrote several popular novels about fictional West Point cadets which first appeared in 1955. A massive review of the curriculum led to the introduction of electives, growing from zero electives that a cadet could have in his career in the late 1950s, to a maximum of eight by 1972. The increasing sophistication of the curriculum also affected the organization of the academic departments with, for example, the creation of two new departments in 1969 -the Department of History and the Department of Engineering. In the 1960s, the size of the Corps expanded from 2,200 to 4,400. Following the creation of the U.S. Air Force as a separate service in 1947 and until the graduation of the first United States Air Force Academy class in 1959, West Point cadets who met the eligibility standards could apply to be commissioned as Air Force officers.

Paragraph 16: A variation on the anaglyph technique from the early 2000s is called "Anachrome method". This approach is an attempt to provide images that look nearly normal, without glasses, for small images, either 2D or 3D, with most of the negative qualities being masked innately by the small display. Being "compatible" for small size posting in conventional websites or magazines. Usually a larger file can be selected that will fully present the 3D with the dramatic definition. The 3D (Z axis) depth effect is generally more subtle than simple anaglyph images, which are usually made from wider spaced stereo pairs. Anachrome images are shot with a typically narrower stereo base, (the distance between the camera lenses). Pains are taken to adjust for a better overlay fit of the two images, which are layered one on top of another. Only a few pixels of non-registration give the depth cues. The range of color perceived, is noticeably wider in Anachrome image, when viewed with the intended filters. This is due to the deliberate passage of a small (1 to 2%) of the red information through the cyan filter. Warmer tones can be boosted, because each eye sees some color reference to red. The brain responds in the mental blending process and usual perception. It is claimed to provide warmer and more complex perceived skin tones and vividness.

Paragraph 17: When the second Union Station opened in 1919 (on the site of the original one), it was the largest railroad station in the South. At its peak, the terminal handled as many as 142 trains and 20,000 passengers a day. Some of the passenger trains handled in Jacksonville were 18 to 22 railcars long. Within the terminal, there was a restaurant, snack bars, news stands, a barber shop, florist, a drug store, and gift shops. The Jacksonville terminal had 32 tracks. 29 of those tracks were passenger tracks with platforms. Of those, 1-15 were stub or "head" tracks, which ended at the bumper posts. (Some of these massive decorative concrete posts still stand within the Convention Center Concourse).

Paragraph 18: The film begins where the previous film left off. Mike flees from Boulton mortuary in a hearse, while Reggie is trapped inside by the Tall Man's spheres. Rather than kill Reggie, the Tall Man lets him go, saying "the final game now begins." Mike's brother Jody, still a black sphere that can occasionally resume his human form, contacts and persuades Reggie to search for Mike. On the way, Reggie survives a demon attack and rescues a woman named Jennifer from a car accident.  They stay the night at an abandoned motel where Reggie tells her about The Tall Man. Jennifer is not who she seems to be. She attacks Reggie with two spheres, hidden in her breasts. Reggie smashes Jennifer's head and one sphere with a sledgehammer and uses a tuning fork on the other that managed to drill his hand. Mike tries to escape his transformation, driving through abandoned areas, recalling the last days of his youth before The Tall Man's arrival. After being spooked by visions of the elderly Fortune Teller he consulted years ago, the Tall Man appears and declares he is taking Mike somewhere "to prepare for passage." The location is Death Valley where Mike ultimately attempts suicide by hanging. However the Tall Man intercedes and shows him conflicting memories of when he and Jody attempted to kill the Tall Man in 1978. Forbidden from taking his own life, Mike sees the Tall Man offer his hand implying he wants to guide him. Refusing, Mike escapes through a dimension fork. He appears to have traveled back in time, emerging from an early version of the gateway in an 1860s era laboratory. He is greeted by a kind man named Jebediah Morningside. Mike is frightened away because not only does Jebediah appear to be the Tall Man but the Fortune Teller is mysteriously present.

Paragraph 19: The SEC Centre hosted the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference. Originally scheduled to be held in 2020, the conference was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the same pandemic, the SEC Centre was turned into a COVID-19 critical care hospital under the name NHS Louisa Jordan, and run by NHS Scotland. Initially (as of April 8, 2020), it had capacity for 300 beds, with an expansion to over 1,000 if needed. The venue was never used for COVID-19 critical care and was instead used for medical appointments, blood donations, staff training and COVID-19 vaccinations. Work began in July 2021 to prepare it for hosting the rescheduled Climate Change Conference in October and November 2021.

Paragraph 20: Following 9/11, Sasha resurfaces to tell Mundy that he's become involved in an organization to combat American military and industrial globalization. Fearing that Sasha has been radicalized, Mundy is relieved to discover that he in fact wants Mundy to help him set up a Socialist think-tank that will be financed by a Russian oligarch with left-leaning sympathies. Initially excited to participate, Mundy becomes skeptical when he learns that he and Sasha's former CIA contact is somehow involved in the scheme. Going to the schoolhouse one night, Mundy realizes too late that the boxes of books he and Sasha have been receiving in fact contain bomb-making materials and military grade weaponry; he and an arriving Sasha are both shot to death by a waiting American strike force. After their deaths, Sasha's past with the Stasi and Mundy's Islamic sympathies are used by the CIA and right-leaning American press outlets to portray them as terrorists "with connections to Al-Qaeda", in efforts to convince the  German government to support the United States in its War on Terror. After Mundy's death, Amory, his controller from the British intelligence service during his espionage years, tries to publicize the truth, but slander by the British government results in his story being totally discredited. Mundy's girlfriend and her son are deported, and Germany enters the War on Terror; per their wills, Mundy and Sasha are each buried beside their mothers in their respective home countries.

Paragraph 21: After graduating from college he enlisted in the United States Air Force and was stationed at Ramey Air Force Base in Puerto Rico. After his discharge, he taught for a year at Hazel Green High School in Hazel Green, Alabama, while waiting to be accepted by the American Theater Wing in New York City in 1956.  On March 24, 1960, he appeared on the To Tell the Truth television quiz show, posing as a Florida spear fisherman and ultimately revealing himself as a "nightclub comic". After graduating from the Wing and performing in two Broadway plays, "Wonderful Town" and "All American", he moved to Los Angeles in 1962.  He got parts in TV series including Gunsmoke, The Rifleman, The Real McCoys, The Twilight Zone, Daniel Boone, Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea and three episodes of The Alfred Hitchcock Hour, before he got the role he would become famous for as "Goober" on The Andy Griffith Show.

Paragraph 22: In out-of-hospital settings, trained paramedics and some specifically trained emergency medical technicians typically provide this level of care. Canadian paramedics may be certified in either ALS (Advanced Care Paramedic-ACP) or in basic life support (Primary Care Paramedic-PCP). Some Primary Care Paramedics are also trained in intravenous cannulation, and are referred to as PCP-IV (see paramedics in Canada). Emergency medical technicians (EMTs) are often skilled in ALS, although they may employ a slightly modified version of the medical algorithm. In the United States, Paramedic level services are referred to as advanced life Support (ALS). Services staffed by basic EMTs are referred to as basic life support (BLS).  Services staffed by advanced emergency medical technicians can be called limited advanced life support (LALS), Intermediate Life Support (ILS), or simply advanced life support (ALS), depending on the State. In the Republic of Ireland, advanced life support (ALS) is provided by an advanced paramedic. Advanced Paramedic (AP) is the highest clinical level (level 6) in pre-hospital care in the Republic of Ireland based on the standards set down by PHECC, the Irish regulatory body for pre-hospital care and ambulance services. This terminology extends beyond emergency cardiac care to describe all of the capabilities of the providers.

Paragraph 23: The southern cassowary has stiff, bristly black plumage, a blue face and a long neck, red on the cape and two red wattles measuring around  in length hanging down around its throat. A horn-like brown casque, measuring  high, sits atop the head. The bill can range from . The three-toed feet are thick and powerful, equipped with a lethal dagger-like claw up to  on the inner toe. The plumage is sexually monomorphic, but the female is dominant and larger with a longer casque, larger bill and brighter-coloured bare parts. The juveniles have brown longitudinal striped plumage. It is perhaps the largest member of the cassowary family and is tied as the third heaviest bird on earth (after the Somali ostrich and the common ostrich), at a maximum size estimated at  and  tall. Normally, this species ranges from  in length. The height is normally  ; females average , while males average . The northern cassowary is about the same size on average and is perhaps very mildly less sexually dimorphic than the southern. Most adult birds will weigh between . It is technically the largest Asian bird (since the extinction of the Arabian ostrich) and the largest Australian bird (though the emu may be slightly taller).

Paragraph 24: Ripped: How the Wired Generation Revolutionized Music (2009, ) is a book investigating the business aspects of the music industry by Chicago Tribune rock critic Greg Kot who is the cohost of the Chicago Public Radio show, Sound Opinions. It covers the revolution of music access and consumption resulted by the digital age and the effects it has on the music industry. The book also details the ways that artists have altered their business model in response to these changes to take advantage of digital distribution and peer-to-peer file sharing. Kot uses his firsthand access to illustrate how major recording artists have responded to the declining relevance of the big record companies. The Metallica and Napster case back in 2000 is brought up defining Metallica's clear stance on file-sharing. On the other hand, already highly successful musicians such as Trent Reznor and Prince believed in giving away their albums. The book mentions Radiohead's prior hesitation of becoming an independent band due to having to deal with all the business aspects of the industry such as setting up their own business meetings. However, the band was not satisfied with the fact that their major label could not keep up with how fans were downloading their music off the Internet. Eventually Radiohead put up their album In Rainbows (2007) on their website through a pay what you want model where fans can decide how much the album is worth. Kot explains that a reason why young people started the file-sharing trend was because of the inability to connect with pop music that the record companies advertised then. Teenagers went to the Internet to find music that they can better relate to. This played a role in building the audience of indie bands like Death Cab for Cutie, Bright Eyes, Clap Your Hands, Girl Talk, and Arcade Fire with little or no major label input. The music industry is filing lawsuits when it has a history of illegal actions such as Payola and taking advantage of artists; therefore, it is a contender for phony "moral posturing", according to Kot. Not making a deal with Napster instead to create a legal music downloading service in 2001 just further damaged the industry because other free music sharing websites were created. Kot thinks that keeping up with the way music is consumed in the digital age has not only benefited fans, but also musicians: “In this world, the fringe players could more easily find and build a dedicated audience, and a musical ecosystem encompassing thousands of microcultures began to emerge.”

Paragraph 25: Electrical energy is energy related to forces on electrically-charged particles and the movement of those particles (often electrons in wires, but not always). This energy is supplied by the combination of current and electric potential (often referred to as voltage because electric potential is measured in volts) that is delivered by a circuit (e.g., provided by an electric power utility). Motion (current) is not required; for example, if there is a voltage difference in combination with charged particles, such as static electricity or a charged capacitor, the moving electrical energy is typically converted to another form of energy (e.g., thermal, motion, sound, light, radio waves, etc.).

Paragraph 26: Piercy immediately went back into the studios to rerecord "One Rule" and "Dancing in the Shadows", the latter being released as a single and charting in the US with some success. Piercy started work on a new album called Free Heat (an anagram of After The Fire, with the missing letters creating the word "rift"). The album was recorded across the UK in various studios including The Manor and The Town House. The only single from the sessions was "8 Ball in the Top Pocket" (b-side "Deep Waters Still Run"), released on 7-inch and 12-inch. The latter also contained "One Down for the Highway", was deleted before release. Musicians who worked on the album with Piercy and Mal Pope included Roger Taylor (Queen), Heny Spinetti & Bob Jenkins - drums, John Giblin & Andy - bass, Alan Murphy & John Russell - guitar, Adrian Lee - keys. Mal and John Russell both did some backing vocals. The album consisted of the following tracks: "8 Ball in the Top Pocket", "Young Love", "Terry", "Stop Go", "4th Street Room 101", "Jewel in the Night", "We Gotta Get Out of This Place", "Young and Wild", "One Down for the Highway", and "Deep Waters Still Run". CBS had planned to make it the company's first release on CD. Work on the album had begun to get hard, the demos were not turning into the tracks Piercy wished for. Then towards the end of recording, the producer, John Eden, told Piercy that he "didn't like" any of the styles, bands or writers he was aspiring to. The whole project was dropped by CBS and was never released. Piercy recalls "I think they could have been good but I now realize I didn't get the production help and direction I needed at the time."

Paragraph 27: Ion tells Socrates that he cannot be convinced that he is possessed or mad when he performs (536d,e). Socrates then recites passages from Homer which concern various arts such as medicine, divining, fishing, and making war. He asks Ion if these skills are distinct from his art of recitation. Ion admits that while Homer discusses many different skills in his poetry, he never refers specifically to the rhapsode's craft, which is acting. Socrates presses him about the exact nature of his skill. Ion maintains that his knowledge makes him a capable military general but states that when he recites passages concerning military matters, he cannot tell whether he does it with a general's skill, or with a rhapsode's.  Socrates notices that Ion changes his occupation. He was first a rhapsode and then has become a general. He asks Ion why he flip flops from one profession to the other and Ion states that Athens is currently not in need of generals, especially foreign-born ones. Socrates lists off a few foreign-born Athenian generals of the time and the rhapsode backtracks. Socrates gently berates the rhapsode for being Protean, which after all, is exactly what a rhapsode is: a man who is convincingly capable of being different people on stage.

Paragraph 28: Many associated with the present Hollister Ranch describe themselves as responsible stewards of the land, ardently claiming to have worked out a successful formula balancing ecological preservation with residential development which functions within both a working commercial agricultural operation and a healthy natural habitat with a wide range of flora and fauna. The Hollister Ranch Association long term practice of a "formal beach driving program" has been described by the California Coastal Commission as “degrading [to] beach habitats and the natural coastline” and against the law. The ranch rules were amended to prohibit beach driving in 2018. The working cattle operation that has shipped as much as 1,000,000 pounds of beef in a good and rainy year has been criticized as primarily existing for tax-front purposes and as being subsidized by the owners. Regardless of the fact that cattle have continuously grazed at Hollister Ranch since the 1860s, some environmentalists note the potential impact such an operation could have on native flora and fauna. The ranch has also been criticized for precluding public access over private property to beaches, in alleged conflict with California state law. A sharp difference of opinion exists between Ranch owners, who describe the pristine nature of the Ranch after 45 years as an owners' association versus government officials and the public, some of whom view Ranch policies as exclusivist and disingenuous.

Paragraph 29: The direct predecessor to the Registry of World Record Size Shells was World Size Records, compiled by renowned malacologists Robert J. L. Wagner (1905–1992) and R. Tucker Abbott (1919–1995). These record sizes originally appeared in 1964, in the first edition of Van Nostrand's Standard Catalog of Shells, not as a separate list but interspersed among other species-specific information that made up the bulk of the work. An updated list—now with a section unto itself and running to eight pages—was published as part of the book's second edition, in 1967. Though not stated as such, records from 1950–1959 were taken from lists in the "Minutes of the Conchological Club of Southern California" and included outdated information, including long-deceased owners.  The next update appeared in the work's third edition, which was renamed Wagner and Abbott's Standard Catalog of Shells. Unlike previous editions, this third and final installment of the catalog was a ring binder with loose-leaf content, intended as a continually updated resource. To match the newly retitled work, the list's name was modified to Wagner and Abbott's World Size Records. In this final incarnation, the list appeared as a series of four supplements: the first two were loose-leaf publications that appeared in 1978 and 1982, and these were followed by hole-punched paperback titles in 1985 and 1990. The records were to be maintained "by a special committee of editors through which accurate measurements and correct identifications are verified by knowledgeable conchologists". The third supplement encompassed shells from 21 museums and more than 300 private collections, with the authors of the opinion that "many new records lurk in museums where scientists do not have the time or inclination to measure largest specimens". At the time, the American Museum of Natural History officially held the most record specimens, followed by the British Museum (Natural History) (London's Natural History Museum) and the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County. The much-expanded fourth supplement incorporated many records from the final (1987) edition of the Lost Operculum Club List of Champions. It also lowered the minimum shell size to one inch (2.54 cm) from the previous 4.00 cm (except for Cypraea, which did not have a lower limit). Carole Hertz, long-time editor of The Festivus, noted that "a few" records were outdated upon publication as they listed deceased shell owners. Wagner died in 1992 and, though it was announced the following year that World Size Records would continue to be published, no further supplements were completed before Abbott's death in 1995.

Paragraph 30: 29 transactions with Direct Revenue (or its distributors) were alleged. In transactions where the attorney general's investigator dealt directly with Direct Revenue, the installation of the adware client was preceded by a license agreement explaining how the adware client operated and how to uninstall it; the agreement also explained the limitations on Direct Revenue's liability. In each case the investigator clicked "yes" on a button, indicating assent to the agreement. There were problems with some installations that were initiated by Direct Revenue's third-party distributors (for example, the license agreement and uninstall instructions were not always displayed prior to installation). However, the court held that Direct Revenue was protected by its Standard Distribution Agreement, a document that directed the third-party distributors to obtain legally valid affirmative consent and make all legally necessary disclosures prior to installation of the adware client. Turning back claims based on the 29 transactions completed by state investigators, the court said there was no basis to entertain the attorney general's claims on behalf of all other individuals who allegedly downloaded the Direct Revenue adware client. Finally, it held, disgorgement of profits would not be an appropriate remedy in this case; Direct Revenue distributed its adware client free of charge and took nothing of value from consumers who downloaded it.