Paragraph 1: He was cast with other members of the crew for the MTV reality comedy series Jackass, appearing in the television series and its films. When the series ended in 2002, DiCamillo was featured in Bam Margera's film Haggard: The Movie, which DiCamillo also co-wrote. He then starred in Margera's Viva La Bam reality television show, which ran from 2003 to 2005. He co-starred in his own show with Rake Yohn called Blastazoid, which only lasted two episodes until MTV canceled the show due to dispute between MTV and the makers of the show. DiCamillo then appeared in Bam Margera's Bam's Unholy Union TV series. In 2008, he starred in Chris Raab's short film Hotdog Casserole. In 2009, he starred in Margera's Minghags.

Paragraph 2: Despite a one-night stand with Mandy Salter (Nicola Stapleton) in January 1994, Ricky does not enter into another serious relationship until August, when he begins dating Bianca Jackson (Patsy Palmer). They move in together, but when Bianca begins to treat Ricky badly, he begins an affair with her best friend Natalie Price (Lucy Speed), in 1995. Natalie falls in love with Ricky and sets it up so that Bianca catches them kissing. Furious, Bianca finishes with Ricky, cutting up all his clothes and, after Ricky rejects Natalie, she flees Walford. Bianca eventually forgives Ricky and they reunite. Bianca strays with Lenny Wallace (Des Coleman), but immediately realises her mistake and marries Ricky on 17 April 1997. Later that year Bianca falls pregnant, but a prenatal scan reveals her unborn baby has both spina bifida and hydrocephalus; the Butchers decide to terminate the pregnancy. The trauma devastates them both, but it does bring them closer and in September 1998 Bianca discovers she has fallen pregnant again, resulting in her prematurely giving birth to their son Liam on Christmas Day 1998. The following year, Ricky becomes acquainted with Bianca's mother Carol Jackson (Lindsey Coulson) and her boyfriend Dan Sullivan (Craig Fairbrass). He quickly gets along with the pair, but this changes when Carol tells him that Bianca and Dan have embarked on an affair - as the pair had previously had a relationship in Spain, prior to Dan falling in love with Carol. When the affair becomes public knowledge, the Butchers' marriage ends and Bianca departs with Liam for Manchester. Ricky, devastated by his marriage breakdown, begins to clash with Dan when the latter taunts him - as well as becoming unhappy with his own life and work. This escalates when Ricky learns that Phil has recently befriended Dan, who later tells Ricky that Phil and Roy have been working together on a motor scam. In response, Ricky confronts Phil and the two have an argument as Ricky attempts to leave Walford. Phil apologizes to Ricky for hurting him and promises that he'll deal with Dan for him. Ricky initially agrees to return to Walford, but secretly leaves without Phil's consent.

Paragraph 3: At Brega a pro-Gadaffi Mirage F-1ED fighter jet was shot down by the rebel forces on 2 March 2011, thus leaving just one Mirage F-1BD trainer aircraft in possession of Gadaffi's loyalist forces, while that same day one pro-Gadaffi SU-22M-3K was damaged by rebel anti-aircraft fire at Brega (the rebel sources claimed that they shot it down). Several more pro-Gadaffi helicopters and fighter jets were reportedly shot down by rebel forces during the fight for Brega between 2 March and 3 March, however this claims remain uncomfirmed. Several days later, on 4 March, one abandoned pro-Gadaffi Mi-8MT air ambulance helicopter serial number "2119" was captured by rebel forces at Ra's Lanuf airfield. Also, on 5 March 2011, rebels shot down near Ra's Lanuf a pro-Gadaffi Su-24MK bomber, serial number "38" of the 1124th Libyan air force squadron with a ZU-23-2 anti-aircraft gun (both pilots were killed), and then the next day, rebels also shot down a pro-Gadaffi helicopter (either a Mi-8 or Mi-24) near Ra's Lanuf with a ZPU-4 anti-aircraft gun. Three more pro-Gadaffi fighter jets (two of them Su-22 fighter bombers—their pilots were captured, reportedly being Syrian and Sudanese mercenaries) and two more pro-Gadaffi helicopters (either Mi-8 or Mi-24) were reportedly shot down by rebel forces during the fight for Ra's Lanuf between 5 March and 7 March, however these claims remain uncomfirmed. Exactly how many and what types of aircraft have been shot down were not confirmed by Jamahiriya government or independent sources. Using air power, the Libyan military checked the opposition advance westwards, towards Bin Jawad in early March. By 11 March, the pro-Gadaffi air force was running out of quality jet fuel, and attempts were made to bribe Maltese Air Force officials in order to purchase more fuel. On 13 March, Ali Atiyya, a colonel of the Libyan People's Air Force at the Mitiga military airport, near Tripoli, announced that he had defected and joined the revolution, and this is the earliest case of Libyan air force personnel defecting to the opposition. Very quickly defections have started to have effect on pro-Gadaffi air force—according to the opposition sources, hundreds of pilots, technicians and ground personnel have defected to the opposition during the first half of March. On the same day, on 13 March 2011, according to the news published on 20 March by the opposition media wing Al Manara Media, pilot Muhammad Mokhtar Osman crashed his fighter jet, an MiG-23BN, on Bab al-Azizia compound in Tripoli in an apparent kamikaze-style suicide attack on pro-Gadaffi military high command, in which Khamis Gadaffi was heavily wounded and died from his wounds a week later on 20 March; however, this news wasn't confirmed by any independent sources and was right away denied by pro-Gadaffi media wing, and was finally confirmed to be misinformation when on 9 June a captured pro-Gadaffi loyalist soldier in Misrata told the rebel forces that he personally saw that Khamis Gadaffi was alive and well, leading his soldiers in Zliten.

Paragraph 4: Where'd You Go? is an EP by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones released in 1991 by Taang! Records. It features the title track, "Where'd You Go?" which also appeared on their 1992 LP, More Noise and Other Disturbances. The video for the song was shot in Boston and received minor MTV airplay. The EP also features cover versions of Aerosmith's "Sweet Emotion", Metallica's "Enter Sandman", and Van Halen's  "Ain't Talkin' 'bout Love", the last of which was ranked the 27th best punk cover song  by Paste in 2017. The EP also has an updated version of "Do Something Crazy", which previously appeared on The Mighty Mighty Bosstones' debut album, Devil's Night Out. In 2008 a rerecorded version of Where'd You Go? recorded by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones was released as a playable song for the game Rock Band 2.

Paragraph 5: Darwin had no success with conventional treatments. In 1849, after about four months of incessant vomiting he took up the recommendation of his friend Captain Sulivan and cousin Fox to try the water therapy regimen at Dr James Gully's Water Cure Establishment at Malvern. He read Gully's book, which provided case histories and had a price list at the back. Darwin rented a villa at Malvern for his family and started a two-month trial of the treatment on 10 March. Gully agreed with Darwin's self-diagnosis of nervous dyspepsia and set him a routine including being heated by a spirit lamp until dripping with perspiration, then vigorous rubbing with cold wet towels and cold foot baths, a strict diet, and walks. Darwin enjoyed the attention and the demanding regime which left him no time to feel guilty about not working. His health improved rapidly, and he felt that the water cure was "no quackery". He had no faith in the homeopathic medicines Gully gave him three times a day but took them obediently. They stayed on until 30 June, and back home at Down House, he continued with the diet and with the water treatment aided by his butler. He followed the rules about rising early and rationing his working time and had the Sandwalk constructed in the grounds for his walking exercise, setting a routine which he continued.

Paragraph 6: Alternative versions of two episodes exist and have been commercially released. An early edit of "Arrival", with a different music score and additional dialogue and scenes not in the broadcast version, was located in the 2000s and released to DVD in 2002 as a standalone disc, and then on Network's 2007 40th anniversary DVD and BluRay sets in the UK and in 2009 in the A&E Home Video DVD and Blu-ray box sets. This alternative version was located on a near-pristine 35mm print and has been transferred in high-definition along with the 17 episodes for the Blu-ray release. An early edit of "The Chimes of Big Ben", again with an unbroadcast music score and additional scenes and dialogue not in the broadcast version, was located in the 1980s and initially released on VHS videotape by MPI Home Video. It was later included as a bonus feature on both the 2007 Network set and the A&E Home Video DVD release of the series in the early 2000s. In 2009 it was also included in the expanded A&E Home Video box set, but owing to the low quality of the print it was not upgraded to high definition as was "Arrival", and was instead included as a bonus on the set's standard DVD extras disc, which was included in both the DVD and Blu-ray editions.

Paragraph 7: "Too Little Too Late" was one of the first prospective songs from the album that Herbert played for JoJo. The singer claims she wanted to record the song as soon as she heard it for the first time, elaborating, "When my team heard that song, they knew I could hit the sweet spot, musically and in terms of subject matter." According to Vibe, the overall more mature, personal sentiment of the album prompted her to record "Too Little Too Late", having experienced both her first love and first heartbreak since the release of her self-titled debut album. The song was recorded at both Cryptic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Sony Music Studios in New York, New York. The songwriters got along both with JoJo and her mother Diana Levesque, who is also her manager, so well that they later returned to the studio to co-write a second song for the album with JoJo herself, entitled "How to Touch a Girl". In regards his musical style, JoJo described Steinberg as "more of a classic writer and producer." Having previously written several successful singles throughout the 1980s and 1990s for artists such as Madonna, Cyndi Lauper, The Bangles, Whitney Houston and Heart, Steinberg, aged 56 at the time, realized he is older than JoJo (15) and Alexander (24) combined while working in the recording studio with the two younger artists but didn't find it difficult to write lyrics appropriate for them, explaining, "I think that the part of me that writes lyrics isn’t really old or young ... I think the lyrics flow out in a way that has an honesty to it." On the difference between writing for younger versus older artists, Steinberg explained "you don't really know it's for somebody younger ... I've almost never really sat down and said, 'I'm going to try to write one that would be good for somebody younger.' I just write a song, and then if somebody younger likes it, then they sing it."

Paragraph 8: For the invocation of a procedure (or function) with parameters, their type will be known (they being declared before use) but their usage in the procedure invocation may not be. Fortran for example passes all parameters by reference (i.e. by address) so there is no immediate difficulty with generating the code (as always, with actual addresses to be fixed up later), but Pascal and other languages allow parameters to be passed by different methods at the programmer's choice (by reference, or by value, or even perhaps by "name") and this is signified only in the definition of the procedure, which is unknown before the definition has been encountered. Specifically for Pascal, in the specification of parameters a prefix "Var" signifies that it must be received by reference, its absence signifies by value. In the first case the compiler must generate code that passes the address of the parameter, while in the second it must generate different code that passes a copy of the value, usually via a stack. As always, a "fixup" mechanism could be invoked to deal with this, but it would be very messy. Multi-pass compilers can of course collate all the required information as they shuttle back and forth, but single-pass compilers cannot. Code generation could be paused while the scan advances (and its results be held in internal storage) until such time as the needed entity is encountered, and this might not be regarded as resulting in a second pass through the source because the code generation stage will soon catch up, it was merely halting for a while. But this would be complex. Instead a special construction is introduced, whereby the procedure's definition of parameter usage is declared "forward" of its later full definition so that the compiler may know it before use, as it requires.

Paragraph 9: Williams came into the Australian Open unseeded, because of her world no. 81 ranking and was widely regarded as "out of shape". Williams in her opening match faced 27th seed Mara Santangelo and lost only three games, with the help of ten aces. In her next match she faced qualifier Anne Kremer, which she had to break back when she was broken in the fifth game to push it to a tie-break. Kramer took four of the first five points, before Williams could win the last six to take the breaker. Williams then took the first four games of the second and eventually closed it out in the eight game. In the round of 32, Williams had 5th seed Nadia Petrova on the other side of the net. Petrova dominated the first set losing only a game and served for the match in the tenth game of the second. However, Williams broke back and won the next two games to take the second set when Petrova double faulted. Williams then took the deciding set with a single break lead, serving it out in the ninth game. This was her first win over a top-10 player since defeating Lindsay Davenport in the 2005 Australian Open final. In the fourth round, she faced 11th ranked Jelena Janković and cruised in straight sets with a drop of only five games. Williams fired eight aces to go with 31 winners and 28 errors. This is her first time since the 2005 Australian Open to get past the fourth round of a slam. In the last eight, she took on Shahar Pe'er. Pe'er broke in the first game and held the led through closing it out in the ninth game. Williams then took the last four games of the second set form the fifth game to take it to a decider. Williams broke in the fourth game, just for Pe'er to break back and get back on serve latter in the set. Pe'er then broke in the eleventh game and served for the match; Williams then broke back and won the next two games to go through. Williams had 49 unforced errors and only 30 winners. In the final 4, Williams faced 17-year-old Nicole Vaidišová. The first went to a tie-break in which Williams took the first four points then Vaidišová rallied to tie it at 5, Williams then took the next two points to take the set. Williams then broke Vaidišová twice and served for the match at the eight game, Vaidišová came back and broke and saved four match points on her own serve to hold. Williams then served it out in the tenth game. Tracy Austin in her tournament analysis stated that Williams had a great tournament but the ride was over and that Maria Sharapova would have no trouble with Williams. Serena thought it was mean and unnecessary and used it as motivation. In the first set, Williams took the first five games before Sharapova could get a game, Williams then held to close out the set. Williams then made four games in a row in the second before Sharapova could win a game, Williams served it out in the eight game and won the match. This is her first title at any tournament since winning the 2005 Australian Open. Williams finished with 28 winners and 11 unforced errors. Williams came the first player since Chris O'Neil to win the title whilst not being seeded; and claimed her third Australian Open and eighth Grand Slam singles title overall. The win elevated Williams to 14th in the rankings. Williams dedicated the title to her deceased sister Yetunde Price.  Her performance in the final was described in the press as "one of the best performances of her career" and "arguably the most powerful display ever seen in women's tennis."

Paragraph 10: Similar to the atrium, the arteries are composed of thick elastic muscles to withstand the pressure of the ventricular constriction, and become more rigid as they move away from the heart. Blood moves through the arteries, which undergo vasoconstriction, and into arterioles which act as a transportation system to distribute primarily oxygen as well as nutrients to all tissues of the body. As the arterioles move away from the heart and into individual organs and tissues they are further divided to increase surface area and slow blood flow. Travelling through the arterioles blood moves into the capillaries where gas exchange can occur. Capillaries are organized into capillary beds in tissues, it is here that blood exchanges oxygen for carbon dioxide waste. In the capillary beds blood flow is slowed to allow maximum diffusion of oxygen into the tissues. Once the blood has become deoxygenated it travels through venules then veins and back to the heart. Veins, unlike arteries, are thin and rigid as they do not need to withstand extreme pressure. As blood travels through the venules to the veins a funneling occurs called vasodilation bringing blood back to the heart. Once the blood reaches the heart it moves first into the right atrium, then the left ventricle to be pumped through the lungs for further gas exchange of carbon dioxide waste for oxygen. Oxygenated blood then flows from the lungs through the left atrium to the left ventricle where it is pumped out to the body. With respect to thermoregulation, the American flamingo has highly vascularized feet that use a countercurrent exchange system in their legs and feet. This method of thermoregulation keeps a constant gradient between the veins and arteries that are in close proximity in order to maintain heat within the core and minimize heat loss or gain in the extremities. Heat loss is minimized while wading in cold water, while heat gain is minimized in the hot temperatures during rest and flight.

Paragraph 11: Another mimic variant appears in the Forgotten Realms setting boxed set, The Ruins of Undermountain II: The Deep Levels (1994), in the set's 16-page Monstrous Compendium booklet. Stated to be found only in the setting's Undermountain thus far, the greater mimic is vastly larger than a common mimic and can cover a whole room or a small building such as a tomb; the largest known specimen can cover a  cubic area. A greater mimic has a higher intelligence than a common mimic, and a limited resistance to magic, and "can alter its coloring and shape to imitate a vast number of textures, colors, and shapes at once... [creating] entire rooms of furniture, treasure and tapestries." A greater mimic can block a corridor and alter its shape to become a room with entrance doors on either side, so that its prey walks directly into it; a greater mimic will always use enticements such as simulated treasure or furniture to lure prey, and will wait until an entire group enters before attacking. A greater mimic will then release its natural adhesive across all its surfaces and attack by slamming the walls of its structure together. A minority of greater mimics can develop an ability to display illusory creatures inside itself, pretending to speak through these creatures' mouths. This mutation of the common mimic, according to its entry in this boxed set, is presumed to be the result of either a mimic having lived for a century and grown to great size, or perhaps a mimic altered by the strange magic of Undermountain and the wizards that reside there. A greater mimic is unlikely to obey a wizard, although Halaster is able to use these creatures as guards and barriers against adventurers. A greater mimic has limited mobility to due its size, and will usually settle in one place. A greater mimic makes pacts with other local creatures for food, but can sustain itself on little or no food for long periods of time if need be; a greater mimic has a prodigious appetite, however, and does not practice conservation if a steady supply of food is available. A greater mimic appears in this boxed set's Campaign Guide booklet, as part of the "Muiral's Gauntlet" scenario, living in an abandoned drow complex. When encountered by player characters, this greater mimic covers most of the floor in an apparent storeroom filled with boxes of coins and valuables; if it appears to be losing a fight against the characters, it will negotiate, trading information for its life. The greater mimic's entry is reprinted in the Monstrous Compendium Annual Two (1995), although no mention is made there of Undermountain.

Paragraph 12: The work of Catholic nun and missionary Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu, commonly known as Mother Teresa and from 2016 as Saint Teresa of Calcutta, received mixed reactions from prominent people, governments, and organisations. Her practices, and those of the Missionaries of Charity, the order which she founded, were subject to numerous controversies. These include objections to the quality of medical care which they provided, suggestions that some deathbed baptisms constituted forced conversion, and alleged links to colonialism and racism and to relations to questionable public figures. The controversy extends to include the large sums of money donated to her as well as the Vatican for ignoring the criticisms raised.

Paragraph 13: Most fields of studies have a founding father, such as Newton in physics and Lavoisier in chemistry. Materials science on the other hand has no central figure that set in motion materials studies. In the 1940s, wartime collaborations of multiple fields of study to produce technological advances became a structure to the future field of study that would become known as material science and engineering. During the Cold War in the 1950s, US President Science Advisory Committee (PSAC) made materials a priority, when it realized that materials were the limiting factor for advances in space and military technology. In 1958, President Dwight D. Eisenhower created the Advanced Research Project Agency (ARPA), referred to as the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) since 1996. In 1960, ARPA encouraged the establishment of interdisciplinary laboratories (IDL's) on university campuses, which would be dedicated to the research of materials, as well as to the education of students on how to conduct materials science research.  ARPA offered 4 year IDL contracts to universities, originally to Cornell University, University of Pennsylvania, and Northwestern University, eventually granting nine more contracts. Although ARPA is no longer in control of the IDL program (the National Science Foundation took over the program in 1972 ), the original establishment of IDL's marked a significant milestone in the United States' research and development of materials science. Several institutions departments changed titles from "metallurgy" to "metallurgy and materials science" in the 1960s.

Paragraph 14: DDRMAX Dance Dance Revolution 6thMix is the 6th game in the Dance Dance Revolution series of music video games. It was released in the arcades by Konami on October 19, 2001, and for the PlayStation 2 on May 16, 2002, in Japan. 6thMix contains a total of 42 songs, all which made their first arcade appearance on this release. 11 of these songs debuted in various console releases prior to 6thMix. All arcade songs from Dance Dance Revolution to Dance Dance Revolution 5thMix were removed in 6thMix, although many of the Konami originals from those games would later be revived in future arcade releases.

Paragraph 15: In 1824, British Governor Sir Charles MacCarthy, was defeated by the Ashanti army, committed suicide, and his skull was taken back to the Ashanti capital Kumasi where it was reportedly used as a drinking cup. George Maclean was President of the Committee of Merchants at Cape Coast Castle from 1830 until 1844, a period when a President rather than a Governor ruled the British in the Gold Coast. In October 1836 he met the poet Letitia Landon at a dinner party while on a visit to the UK. They married and traveled back to Cape Coast Castle where, within two months, Landon died of heart failure. Both Maclean and Landon are buried in the castle courtyard. Maclean was charged with putting an end to slave trading and did so along  of the West African coast. However his reputation was muddied by his willingness to support the ownership of slaves within the vicinity of Cape Coast Castle. As such he was demoted to Judicial Assessor and maintained for his extensive local knowledge and commitment to trade. He also made peace with the Ashanti (Treaty of 1831), instituted a judicial system still in use in many African democracies, and encouraged successful and fair trading.  From 1846–1850, Governor William Winniett was also active in ending the slave trade. He died in the Fortress.

Paragraph 16: Owing to its location on the immediate leeward side of the Andes, Esquel has a cool summer Mediterranean climate (Köppen Csb) bordering on a Humid continental climate (Köppen Dsb).  Other climate systems, such as the Trewartha climate classification, place it within the oceanic zone (Do), like much of Western Europe and the Pacific Northwest. Temperatures are relatively cold for its climate due to its higher altitude. Summers are mild with warm temperatures during the afternoon followed by cool nights. The mean temperature during the summer is around . It's the sunniest season, averaging as much as 10 hours of sunshine per day in January with an average of 7–8 clear days and only 5-7 overcast days. Spring and fall are transition seasons featuring mild temperatures during the day and cool to cold nights. Spring starts out with cool temperatures during the day and very cold nights which progressively becomes warmer. Both spring and fall have highly variable weather. 

Paragraph 17: The wave theory of social development holds that intense periods of social activity are followed by periods of remission, in which the activists involved intensely in mobilization are systematically marginalized and isolated. After the intense period fighting for women's suffrage, the common interest which had united international feminists left the women's movement without a single focus upon which all could agree. Ideological differences between radicals and moderates, led to a split and a period of deradicalization, with the largest group of women's activists spearheading movements to educate women on their new responsibilities as voters. Organizations like the African National Congress Women's League, the Irish Housewives Association, the League of Women Voters, the Townswomen's Guilds and the Women's Institutes supported women and tried to educate them on how to use their new rights to incorporate themselves into the established political system. Still other organizations, involved in the mass movement of women into the workforce during World War I and World War II and their subsequent exit at the end of the war with concerted official efforts to return to family life, turned their efforts to labor issues. The World YWCA and Zonta International, were leaders in these efforts, mobilizing women to gather information on the situation of working women and organize assistance programs. Increasingly, radical organizations, like the American National Women's Party, were marginalized by media which denounced feminism and its proponents as "severe neurotics responsible for the problems of" society. Those who were still attached to the radical themes of equality were typically unmarried, employed, socially and economically advantaged and seemed to the larger society to be deviant.

Paragraph 18: Male, female. Forewing length 3.8-4.0 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex and neck tufts shining dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, lined white laterally and medially, collar shining dark greyish brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally, extreme apex white; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white; antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to one-half, in apical half two white rings of two segments separated by two dark brown segments, followed towards apex by six dark brown and eight white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line. Legs: shining dark greyish brown, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one, two and four with whitish apical rings, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with a very oblique white line from base to two-thirds and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with white basal and apical rings, segments two to four with white apical rings and segment five entirely white, spurs white dorsally, brown ventrally. Forewing shining dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, five narrow white lines in the basal area, a short costal from one-third to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base to one-third, distally slightly bending from costa, a medial above fold, from base to the transverse fascia, a subdorsal from one-third to near the transverse fascia, a dorsal from base to the start of the subdorsal, a bright yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with a broad prolongation towards apex, bordered at the inner edge by a tubercular pale golden metallic subcostal spot with a patch of blackish scales on outside, and a similarly coloured but slightly larger subdorsal spot, further from base than the subcostal and not at the inner edge of the transverse fascia, inwardly edged by brownish and blackish scales, at two-thirds of the transverse fascia a small tubercular pale golden costal spot, opposite the costal spot, a similarly coloured but more than twice as large dorsal spot, a white costal streak from the outer costal spot to apex, a shining white apical line from the transverse fascia to apex, cilia dark brown at apex, ochreous-brown towards dorsum. Hindwing shining brownish grey, cilia ochreous-brown. Underside: forewing shining brownish grey, white apical line visible in the cilia, hindwing shining pale grey. Abdomen dorsally shining yellowish brown with reddish gloss, segment six banded whitish posteriorly, ventrally shining white, anal tuft ochreous.

Paragraph 19: The origin of their literature dates to 1563, when the first Konkani grammar was published by Fr Andre Vaz at St Paulo College at Old Goa. In 1567 the first Konkani-Portuguese dictionary was published by missionary priests at Rachol, Goa. In 1622 Thomas Stephens, an English Jesuit, published  Doutrina Christam em Lingoa Bramana Canarim (Christian Doctrines in the Canarese Brahmin Language), which was the first book in Konkani and any Indian language. On 22 December 1821 the first periodical, Gazeta de Goa (Goa Gazetteer), edited by Antonio Jose de Lima Leitao, was published. On 22 January 1900 the first Portuguese newspaper, O Heraldo, was started by Prof. Messias Gomes. It was transformed into an English daily in 1987. Periodicals such as Amcho Ganv (1930) by Luis de Menezes, Vauraddeancho Ixxt (1933), a weekly by Fr. Arcencio Fernandes and Fr. Gracianco Moraes, Aitarachem Vachop, a Konkani weekly run by the Salesians, and Gulab by Fr. Freddy J. da Costa were published in Goa. Konkani-Portuguese periodicals such as O Concani, a weekly by Sebastiāo Jesus Dias, Sanjechem Noketr (The Evening Star) (1907) by B.F. Cabral, O Goano (1907) by Honarato Furtado and Francis Futardo, and Ave Maria (1919) edited by Antonio D'Cruz were published in Bombay. In February 1899 Udentenchem Sallok (Lotus of the East) by Eduardo J. Bruno de Souza, the first Konkani periodical, was published as a fortnightly in Poona. The first Konkani book in the Devanagri script, Kristanv Doton ani Katisism by Dr. George Octaviano Pires, was published in Sholapore in 1894. Fr. Ludovico Pereria's monthly Dor Mhoineachi Rotti (Monthly Bread) was published in Karachi in 1915. In 1911 the first Konkani novel, Kristanv Ghorabo (Christian Home), was published. Modern literature is diverse and includes themes such as historical awakening in Lambert Mascarenhas' Sorrowing Lies My Land, feminism in Maria Aurora Couto's Goa: A Daughters' Story, and fantasy in Nandita da Cunha's The Magic of Maya. In 1974, the Archdiocese of Goa and Daman published the Novo Korar (New Testament) of the Holy Bible in Konkani. Later, on 4 June 2006, the Archdiocese released the complete Catholic Bible in Konkani employing the Latin alphabet known as Povitr Pustok. In 2018, Archbishop of Goa and Daman Filipe Neri Ferrao launched the Povitr Pustok, a Konkani Bible app, a mobile phone application software with the entire Konkani Bible text.

Paragraph 20: The fineness of a precious metal object (coin, bar, jewelry, etc.) represents the weight of fine metal therein, in proportion to the total weight which includes alloying base metals and any impurities. Alloy metals are added to increase hardness and durability of coins and jewelry, alter colors, decrease the cost per weight, or avoid the cost of high-purity refinement. For example, copper is added to the precious metal silver to make a more durable alloy for use in coins, housewares and jewelry. Coin silver, which was used for making silver coins in the past, contains 90% silver and 10% copper, by mass. Sterling silver contains 92.5% silver and 7.5% of other metals, usually copper, by mass.

Paragraph 21: It has a snout rather acuminate, as long as the distance between the eye and the upper border of the ear-opening, 1.3 the diameter of the orbit; forehead concave; interorbital space very narrow; upper eyelid strongly fringed; ear-opening large, obliquely crescentic, the concavity being directed forwards and upwards, its diameter equalling three fourths that of the eye. Body and limbs moderate. Digits free, moderately dilated, inner well developed; infradigital lamellae obliquely curved; 10 lamellae under the thumb, 10 under the third finger, 9 under the inner toe, and 12 under the third toe. Snout covered with large convex granular scales, largest between the eye and the nostril; hinder part of head with minute granules, and scattered ones of a larger size. Rostral four times as broad as deep (having fused with the anterior labial on each side); nostril above the rostral, between the latter and three nasals; 10 or 11 upper and 9 lower labials; mental large, triangular, twice as long as the adjacent labial, its point between two large chin-shields which are in contact behind it; a small chin-shield on each side of the large pair. Upper surface of body covered -with small irregular flat grannies and moderately large, trihedral, strongly keeled tubercles arranged in 14 or 16 rather irregular longitudinal series; the largest tubercles measure about one fourth the diameter of the eye. Abdominal scales small, smooth, rounded, imbricate. Male with a shore angular series of 8 preanal pores. Tail cylindrical, tapering, covered above with small, irregular, imbricate smooth scales and scattered pointed tubercles forming four or six longitudinal series, beneath with a series of transversely dilated plates. Pale yellowish brown, with six faint brownish transverse narrow dorsal bands, the tubercles in these areas being almost black; a dark brown streak from the nostrils through the eye above the ear, with a whitish line above it; lips whitish.

Paragraph 22: The Bangladesh Navy was created as part of Bangladesh Forces during Bangladesh's 1971 liberation war against Pakistan. Its official creation date is July 1971 during the Bangladesh Sector Commanders Conference 1971. In 1971, with West Pakistan imposing a brutal military crackdown in East Pakistan, the Bangladesh Liberation War was already underway. Many Bengali sailors and officers in the Pakistan Navy defected to form the nascent Bangladesh Navy. Initially, there were two ships, PADMA and PALASH, and 45 navy personnel.  On 9 November 1971, the first naval fleet, consisting of six small patrol vessels, was inaugurated. These ships tried to carry out raids on the Pakistani fleet, but were mistakenly hit and sunk by the Indian Air Force on 10 December 1971. The next major attack was launched on Mongla seaport. According to official figures from the Bangladesh Navy, a total of 334 sailors were involved with the newly created navy, with 22 being killed in action.

Paragraph 23: In February, 1964, Wilkinson announced that he would enter a special election to replace his friend, the late Robert S. Kerr, as U. S. Senator from Oklahoma. He had already resigned his position as head coach of the Oklahoma University Sooners.   Politicians and the Oklahoma press debated whether he was qualified to become a U. S. Senator, though all seemed to agree that his popularity as a cultural icon gave him an important edge. Easily winning the Republican primary, Wilkinson became the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in 1964, at which point he legally changed his first name to Bud, but narrowly lost to Democrat Fred R. Harris, then a State Senator in Oklahoma. Both parties involved political heavyweights from out of state to campaign for their candidates. Republicans invited former President Eisenhower and Senator Barry Goldwater. Illness made Eisenhower miss the occasion, so his former Vice President Richard Nixon served as substitute. Harris supporters got President Lyndon Johnson to make an appearance, as well as several other national Democrats. Wilkinson's Republican advisers brought in Senator Strom Thurmond to appeal to ultra-conservative voters in Little Dixie, which had recently turned reliably Republican. That effort backfired. Harris later said, "my campaign got an extra benefit from Senator Thurmond's Oklahoma visit … Thurmond wound up scaring the daylights out of even a lot of conservative white voters with his jingoist speeches, advocating for the escalation of the American war effort in Vietnam." In the 1964 General Election, Republican presidential nominee, Senator Barry Goldwater lost to incumbent President Lyndon Baines Johnson 55-45 percent in Oklahoma. Through 2020, Johnson is the last Democrat to carry Oklahoma in a presidential election. Wilkinson entertained seeking the other Oklahoma U.S. Senate seat in 1968, but he did not run, and the position went to former Governor Henry Bellmon, also a Republican.

Paragraph 24: Livy's account of the struggles of Gaius Licinius and Lucius Sextius and their legislation on the consulship has been analysed by T.J. Cornell. He thinks that very little of Livy's narrative can be accepted. However, its institutional changes are "reasonably certain." He argues that the significance of the law on the consulship is unclear and its background is "extremely puzzling" due to obscurity around the military tribunes with consular power. Livy wrote that they had been instituted because it was decided that in some years the consulship should be replaced by the consular tribunes (whose numbers varied from three to six), that this office would be open to plebeians and that it had been created as a concession to the plebeians who wanted access to the consulship. However, from 444 BC (the year of the first consular tribunes) to 401 BC there were only two plebeian consular tribunes (out of a total of 100).  For the 400-376 BC period, in 400, 399 and 396 BC the majority of these tribunes were plebeians (4, 5, and 5 out of 6, respectively) and in 379 BC there were three plebeians of six. This raises some questions. Why from 444 to 401 BC were there only two plebeians? Why, given the presence of plebeians in the subsequent period, which shows their eligibility to the highest office, was plebeian access to the consulship considered such a landmark for the political promotion of the plebeians? Why was there such resistance to this? The sources seem to see the law as a breakthrough not just because it provided access to the consulship, but because it required that one of the two consuls each year be a patrician. However, during one twelve-year period after the passage of the laws, from 355 to 343 BC, both consuls were patricians and the consulship became an unbroken line of shared office only after that.

Paragraph 25: Mickey Smith is first introduced in the series' 2005 reboot première episode, "Rose". When Mickey's girlfriend Rose (Billie Piper) begins investigating a mysterious alien called the Doctor (Christopher Eccleston), Mickey is captured by the alien Nestene Consciousness, from which a living plastic facsimile of him (an 'auton') is created. Mickey, terrified by the revelation that alien life exists, fails to impress the Doctor, who only invites Rose to be his travelling companion in time and space. In the year since Rose absconded with the Doctor, Mickey has been the prime suspect for Rose's disappearance and has become distressed as a result. However, he assists the pair in defeating the Slitheen, a family of extraterrestrial criminals; using his computer hacking skills, he commandeers a military harpoon missile which he targets at 10 Downing Street to kill the Slitheen. Mickey then declines an invitation from the Doctor to join him and Rose in the TARDIS. A much younger Mickey, played by Casey Dyer, appears briefly when Rose attempts to alter her childhood in "Father's Day". In "Boom Town", Mickey later meets up with the Doctor, Rose and new companion Captain Jack (John Barrowman) in Cardiff, where he helps them foil a Slitheen plot. In the series' finale episode "The Parting of the Ways", when Rose becomes stranded at home at the Powell Estate, Mickey uses a recovery truck to crack open the TARDIS's console, through which Rose is able to absorb the time vortex and save the universe from an invasion of the hateful mutant alien Daleks.

Paragraph 26: The establishment of the Portuguese on the Western coast of India was of particular interest to the New Christians population of Portugal who were suffering harshly under the Portuguese Inquisition. The crypto-Jewish targets of the Inquisition in Portugal began flocking to Goa, and their community reached considerable proportions. India was attractive for Jews who had been forcibly baptized in Portugal for a variety of reasons. One reason was that India was home to ancient, well-established Jewish communities. Jews who had been forcibly converted could approach these communities, and re-join their former faith if they chose to do so, without having to fear for their lives as these areas were beyond the scope of the Inquisition. Another reason was the opportunity to engage in trade (spices, diamonds, etc) from which New Christians in Portugal had been restricted at the onset of the Portuguese Inquisition. In his book, The Marrano Factory, Professor Antonio Saraiva of the University of Lisbon details the strength of the New Christians on the economic front by quoting a 1613 document written by attorney, Martin de Zellorigo. Zellorigo writes regarding "the Men of the Nation" (a term used for Jewish New Christians): "For in all of Portugal there is not a single merchant (hombre de negocios) who is not of this Nation. These people have their correspondents in all lands and domains of the king our lord. Those of Lisbon send kinsmen to the East Indies to establish trading-posts where they receive the exports from Portugal, which they barter for merchandise in demand back home. They have outposts in the Indian port cities of Goa and Cochin and in the interior. In Lisbon and in India nobody can handle the trade in merchandise except persons of this Nation. Without them, His Majesty will no longer be able to make a go of his Indian possessions, and will lose the 600,000 ducats a year in duties which finance the whole enterprise – from equipping the ships to paying the seamen and soldiers" The Portuguese reaction to the New Christians in India came in the form of bitter letters of complaint and polemics that were written, and sent to Portugal by secular and ecclesiastical authorities; these complaints were about trade practices, and the abandonment of Catholicism. In particular, the first archbishop of Goa Dom Gaspar de Leao Pereira, was extremely critical of the New Christian presence, and was highly influential in petitioning for the establishment of the Inquisition in Goa.

Paragraph 27: The songwriting process for California was much less collaborative than the band's previous albums. Despite having a more accessible sound than prior releases, saxophonist Clinton McKinnon has stated, "It wasn’t some attempt at reconciling how much we’d previously tortured our audiences with white-noise [...] it wasn’t some conscious attempt to normalise our music or make it all the more palatable." On the album's writing and sound, Trevor Dunn stated in a 2017 interview that, "[we] never discussed our projected direction. We never sat down and said, 'ok the last record was like that so now let’s attempt this.' Instead we individually brought things to the collective table that somehow coalesced without premeditation." He goes on to state that "the recording of California was a bit of a nightmare. We attempted frugality by recording a lot in our rehearsal space which [our guitarist] Trey [Spruance] had partially turned into a recording studio.  But we also spread the work out over various outside studios with a number of engineers as well as additional musicians.  In the end we had two 24-track tape machines and two ADAT machines linked. That record would have been much easier to manage had Pro Tools come along a bit sooner."

Paragraph 28: The monster depicted in the mural was first referred to as the "Piasa Bird" in an article published c. 1836 by John Russell of Bluffdale, Illinois. John Russell was a professor of Greek and Latin at Shurtleff College, Upper Alton, Illinois. The article was entitled "The Tradition of The Piasa" and Russell claimed the origin of the word to be from a nearby stream: "This stream is the Piasa. Its name is Indian, and signifies, in the Illini, "The Bird That Devours Men." The original Piasa Creek ran through the main ravine in downtown Alton, and was completely covered by huge drainage pipes around 1912. According to the story published by Russell, the creature depicted by the painting was a huge bird that lived in the cliffs. Russell claimed that this creature attacked and devoured people in nearby Indian villages shortly after the corpses of a war gave it a taste for human flesh. The legend claims that a local Indian chief, named Chief Ouatoga, managed to slay the monster using a plan given to him in a dream from the Great Spirit. The chief ordered his bravest warriors to hide near the entrance of the Piasa Bird's cave, which Russell also claimed to have explored. Ouatoga then acted as bait to lure the creature out into the open. As the monster flew down toward the Indian chief, his warriors slew it with a volley of poisoned arrows. Russell claimed that the mural was painted by the Indians as a commemoration of this heroic event.

Paragraph 29: After the invasion of Poland, the prison became part of the German District of Warsaw, in the borough, reserved for the German administration of the General Government and the German occupation army. The prison was one of several prisons of the Gestapo in Warsaw. It housed Polish politicians, freedom fighters, resistance workers and ordinary people caught in łapankas on the streets of Warsaw. The site became infamous due to constant torture of the inmates. It was known as one of the places of no return (Nacht und Nebel), from which the only way out was to the execution site, or to a German concentration camp. It was also a place of detention of innocent hostages, taken by Germans as punishment for actions by the Home Army. Later they were killed in mass executions announced publicly.

Paragraph 30: | colspan="5" |Koiwai announces the time has come to set out the kotatsu, and Yotsuba helps pick up loose items around the room. Yanda convinces Koiwai to purchase a blender, and teaches Yotsuba a simple recipe for banana smoothies. He frightens her by yelling the blender will explode, but after tasting the smoothie, Yotsuba forgives him. On their way to the seashore to collect rocks, Yotsuba and Koiwai run into Ena and Miura; the two older girls are excited to join the rock-collecting expedition. The first spot they pick turns out to be a sandy beach with few rocks, but a strange man directs them to a better location where they collect many smooth and interesting rocks. At the Ayase household, while comparing rocks with Ena, Yotsuba is lured away by the snacks Fuuka brought to her cram session with Miss Stake. Fuuka prepares a short test for Yotsuba as a break from her studies, and Miss Stake demonstrates origami for Yotsuba as well; at 4:30 pm, Yotsuba returns to her home, and the teens resume their studies, only to discover that Yotsuba has eaten all the snacks. After Yotsuba watches Ena paint a birthday card for a friend, she begs her father for a paint set, and they go to an art supply store with Jumbo. Jumbo selects a set for her and Yotsuba paints an ocean for the mermaid princess. When Yanda arrives, Jumbo and Koiwai pretend to have died as a joke. Later, Yanda sees Yotsuba's painting of the ocean and asks if he could sell it and quit his job. Yotsuba gets a haircut; the stylist offers a picture book as a distraction, but Yotsuba insists on a glossy magazine featuring sushi instead. They buy bread from a new bakery on the way home, but Yotsuba is disappointed by the lack of cream filling. Yotsuba illustrates her own picture book entitled Sunday featuring herself as the Sparkle Princess, who defeats a monster that destroyed the world, then goes to school with a backpack. In a good mood because her exams are finished, Fuuka is humming but is criticized by her sisters and mother as atonal; she is sent by her mother to the Koiwai house with apples. There, she is greeted by Yotsuba and directed to sit down for a haircut, which she selects from a book illustrated by Yotsuba that pairs foods and hair styles. Shocked that Koiwai has not purchased a backpack for Yotsuba, Fuuka coaches him to call his mother, who immediately offers to pay for it. At the store, Yotsuba chooses a red backpack and as she models it for Fuuka, Koiwai realizes that Yotsuba will start school in a few months and remembers a story he told when he went camping with Jumbo and Yanda: he didn't feel like a father until Yotsuba began talking and calling him "Daddy". He is overcome with emotion and Yotsuba vows to protect him, mistaking his tears for physical pain.