Paragraph 1: In December 1856, Snowden wrote to Missouri Representative John S. Phelps, hoping for progress with the legislation, and stating that he was already "pressed on all hands, and from every quarter, for the new cent—in fact, the public are very anxious for its issue". When the legislation, amended to include the weight and alloy the Mint had decided on, was debated in the House of Representatives on December 24, it was opposed by Tennessee Congressman George Washington Jones over the legal tender provision; Jones felt that under the Constitution's Contract Clause, only gold and silver should be made legal tender. Phelps defended the bill on the ground that Congress had the constitutional power to regulate the value of money, but when the bill was brought back up to be considered on January 14, 1857, the legal tender provision had been removed. This time, the bill was opposed by New York Congressman Thomas R. Whitney, who objected to a provision in the bill that legalized the Mint's practice of designing and striking medals commissioned by the public, feeling that the government should not compete with private medallists. The provision was removed, and the bill passed the following day. The House version was then considered by the Senate, which debated it on February 4, and passed it with a further amendment allowing the redemption of the Spanish coins for a minimum of two years. The House agreed to this on February 18, and President Pierce signed the bill on the 21st. The act made foreign gold and silver coins no longer legal tender, but Spanish dollars were redeemable at their nominal value for two years in exchange for the new copper-nickel cents. The half cent was abolished. The new pieces would be the same size (19 mm), though somewhat heavier, than cents are today.

Paragraph 2: On 2 January 2006 about 800 tribals protested against Tata Steel. Their protest focussed on the fact that land on which their cattle had grazed had been blocked by a wall. Further on they rallied for a fair compensation. To quash the protest Special Armed Police Forces were called in. According to the protesting tribals these police forces started to chase away the protesters. No attention was given to the fact that women and children were among them. More than 10 adivasi were killed by the police forces, more than 40 of them were wounded. This police brutality is still very vivid in the memory of the adivasi population. For many years adivasi have organized a protest activity on 2 January. In this tradition people marched from Chamakoila to Ambagadia on 2 January 2019. In Ambagadia at the martyrs’ tower a meeting took place, in which Rabindra Jaraka, secretary of Bisthapan Birodhi Jana Mancha (BBJM) stated the following: “The government has so far not explained any reason behind the firing. The state government is only keen on signing MOUs with the big corporate houses and practically gift away the best deposits of iron ore as captive mines at a meagre amount of royalty. Tata built the steel plant over the dead bodies of tribal people.” 

Paragraph 3: Under wartime conditions, Serbian women began engaging in a number of activities outside their previous domain. Unexpectedly, but in most cases of their own will, women began appearing on the battlefront in the middle of the ravages of war. Some of them took up arms (Milunka Savić, Sofija Jovanović, Antonija Javornik, Slavka Tomić and others) defending their fatherland no differently than men, showing surprising courage and valour. A larger number of women started volunteering in military and civilian hospitals. They were housewives, artists (Nadežda Petrović), writers (Danica Marković), doctors (like Draga Ljočić), semi-skilled nurses, caretakers, teachers; some of them were highly educated and others were not as fortunate but they were astute, skillful and quick-learners. What they had in common was an intense loyalty to their country and love for their people that suffered utter devastation during the Great War. Most Serbian nurses had completed crash courses on looking after the ill and wounded at in-patient clinics or makeshift military field hospitals and ad hoc dressing stations. Draginja Babić, Ljubica Luković, Kasija Miletić and Mirka Grujić worked as members of the Circle of Serbian Sisters, whereas others were organized as part of the Red Cross mission in Serbia and abroad to solicit aid (Helen Losanitch Frothingham). Women from foreign countries, the members of international medical missions, were also of great support to Serbian volunteers in their effort to help others. During the early stages of the conflict foreign missions arrived in Serbia from Great Britain and Scotland, the United States of America, France, Imperial Russia Switzerland, Australia, Denmark and the Netherlands. The members of the missions were mostly women – trained doctors and nurses – and they ran entire hospitals in the Kingdom of Serbia and the Kingdom of Montenegro. Elsie Inglis, Evelina Haverfield, Elizabeth Ross, Leila Paget, Mabel Grouitch, Margaret Neill Fraser, Louisa Jordan, Edith Holloway, Josephine Bedford, Isabel Emslie Hutton, Katherine Harley, Laura Margaret Hope, Jessie Scott, Eleanor Soltau, Lillias Hamilton, Florence MacDowell, Frances "Fairy' Warren, Mabel St Clair Stobart who founded the Women's Sick and Wounded Convoy Corps and Olive Kelso King who drove an ambulance truck – these were some of the female humanitarian workers who shared the fate of Serbian people and army in the Great War. Together with their "Samaritan sisters" from Serbia, they used their medical knowledge and experience to help the Serbian army and in this way, they became part of the modern history of a small country from the Balkans and of the people who suffered the tragic Great Retreat over the treacherous Albanian mountains in the middle of 1915-1916 winter.

Paragraph 4: The Talmud recounts the story of her last day during the Siege of Jerusalem (AD 70). (Talmud Gittin 56a.) At that time, Martha sent her manservant out to bring her some fine flour, but it had sold out. After that, the manservant is repeatedly sent out to buy the next-lesser quality of flour (white flour - dark flour - barley flour) only to find it sold out as well. Finally, the desperate woman went out to see if she could find anything to eat without even putting on her shoes, but stepping in some dung, she died of shock. According to Rashi, the reason for her death was the feeling of extreme disgust that gripped her until she died because of her delicacy. Rabban Johanan ben Zakkai thus applied to her the Biblical verse, "The tender and delicate woman among you who would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground." ()The second opinion holds that, while walking down the street, she saw figs on the floor, and began to eat, and died. These figs were those of Rabbi Zadok, who fasted for 40 years so that Jerusalem would not be destroyed by the Romans and when he wanted to restore himself, they used to bring him a fig, and he used to suck the juice and throw the rest away.Martha felt in these figs that he sucked them because of his sickness, you tasted his sickness and because she did get sick and soon after died. (Talmud Gittin 56a.) When Martha was about to die, she brought out all her gold and silver and threw it in the street, saying, "What is the good of this to me", thus giving effect to the verse, "They shall cast their silver in the streets." ()  (Talmud Gittin 56a.)

Paragraph 5: J.D. Considine from The Baltimore Sun felt that Lauryn Hill's rendition of "Killing Me Softly" "is so convincing, you'd think it was a sample." Celebrating the album's 20th anniversary in February 2016, Kenneth Partridge from Billboard said, "It's a lovely cover that maintains the spirit of the original while taking the material in new directions." Upon the release, the magazine's Larry Flick viewed it as a "crafty cover". Peter Miro from Cash Box stated that the trio's reworking of the Roberta Flack standard "succeeds wildly." He explained, "Basically they dropped a new rasta engine in the ballad for the diddly-bopping, head-nodding masses. Bet this will be the only version they think exists." Another editor, Gil L. Robertson IV, picked it as a "standout track" of The Score album. Alan Jones from Music Week deemed it "a sensational update", adding that it "touches myriad musical bases, appealing equally to pop, R&B, easy listening and dance fans. Stripped to its bare bones, it is beautifully sung, with just enough rapping to set it apart from the original. The whole thing is superbly underlined by a bumping bass and percussion. Simple, refreshing and a huge hit." James Hamilton from the RM Dance Update noted it as a "plaintive girl and muttering chaps' sparse bass bumped and sitar plinked but still tenderly crooned remake". In January 1997, Spin described the song as "an instant classic, pumped out of every passing car from coast to coast, with Lauryn Hill's timeless voice never losing its poignant kick".

Paragraph 6:  / Woodpecker is the main protagonist of the story. He is a seemingly harmless, ordinary middle school boy until the Wretched Egg slaughters his entire class, yet spares him and infuses him with a shard of red crystal. Posing as Ganta's appointed lawyer, Tsunenaga Tamaki rigs evidence at his trial to make it look like he murdered his classmates on a whim. Ganta is sentenced to death at Deadman Wonderland. Initially confused and frightened, Ganta resolves to endure the heinous prison so he can prove his innocence and avenge his friends by tracking down and confronting their murderer, the Wretched Egg, whom Ganta refers to as the 'Red Man'. During his stay, Ganta meets a mysterious girl named Shiro and is perplexed that she seems to know him, but eventually begins to remember her as a childhood friend. While the extent of his feelings for her are unclear in the anime, he later falls in love with her in the manga. Ganta learns that the crystal implanted into his chest by the Wretched Egg has turned him into a "Deadman" empowered with a Branch of Sin, which is later christened the Ganta Gun by Senji. This Branch of Sin enables Ganta to gather variable quantities of his blood in the palm of his hand and shoot them like bullets. While advantageous as a long-range attack, due to Ganta's small size, this strategy puts him at risk of experiencing symptoms of excessive blood loss. Ganta later joins up with the Scar Chain and participates in their attempt to break out of Deadman Wonderland and expose the prison's illegal actions, but chooses to remain behind to settle his score with the Wretched Egg. Shortly after these events, learning that Shiro is the Wretched Egg, Ganta's power began to change, evident by a strange tattoo-like mark radiating out from the crystal in his chest. His Ganta Gun now emits a much more powerful blast than before, though it is much less controllable and causes him physical pain. Following the defeat of Genkaku, Ganta ends up in solitary confinement for withholding information about the escape of the surviving Scar Chain members. Eventually, the truth about Deadman Wonderland is made public. When Deadman Wonderland is shut down, Ganta is exonerated of the false charges put upon him at his retrial. With nowhere else to go after his name is cleared, Ganta ended up in Minori Garden orphanage which is run by nuns. He then joins forces with the former prison's Chief Guard Makina, Senji, and several other Deadmen, and return to the prison to locate and stop Shiro (who has now been completely "consumed" by her Wretched Egg persona). By that time, Ganta learns that his mother Sorae Igarashi was the one who turned Shiro into the Wretched Egg for the Chief Director of Deadman Wonderland and that his Branch of Sin is "key" that can unlock the Mother Goose system and unleash Shiro's full power. He also learns from Shiro that it also has the power to kill her. She also reveals that he was the one originally selected to be experimented on, but his mother chose to spare him, and experimented on Shiro instead. This led to her transformation into the "Wretched Egg". The reason she killed his classmates and implanted the gem in him is that she wants to be killed by the one she has always loved. Upon learning of Shiro's true self and intentions, he agrees to kill her, leading to their final confrontation. In the final battle, the crystals within Ganta and Shiro explode upon overusing their powers. Sometime later, Ganta visits a comatose Shiro in the hospital and later reminisces about his past with Shiro and his mother. When Ganta asks Shiro if she wants to hear how the lullaby his mother wrote for her goes on, Shiro wakes up with a smile.

Paragraph 7: On 23 April 1908 the Yorkshire Evening Post reported that the vicar was still unable to persuade parishioners to volunteer themselves as churchwardens, and that "from what transpired today, there seems but slight prospect of an immediate improvement in the situation." The vicar had given notice of the meeting at twelve noon that day, but his notice attracted only four reporters and one choir member. The vicar did not enter the vestry but called the chorister out into the churchyard and asked him to inform the reporters that there was to be no vestry meeting. The vestry and the church gates were locked by 12.15 pm. In June 1908 the choir could not get a conference with the vicar, so they "unanimously resolved they would go out in a body" and resigned in July. The Cornishman published the following explanation on 30 April 1908: "A deplorable deadlock, which is having bad results for both the church and the people, exists in the parish of St Mark's Huddersfield, where the Rev. J. Pilling is vicar. At the annual vestry a year ago, a dispute arose between the vicar and the church officials. It was alleged that Mr Pilling in certain matters had ignored the churchwardens, that he had stopped the publication of the parish magazine, discontinued the morning Sunday school, and that he took no notice of the invitation extended to him to preside at a congregational tea. At the request of the vicar the Sunday school superintendent resigned, and his example was followed by other teachers. The churchwardens declined to be again nominated, and other members of the congregation refused to stand. Since that time the rev. gentleman has carried on the parish work practically single-handed, and has enlisted the services of choir boys to make collections in the church. It was hoped by those interested in the church that some understanding might be arrived at between the congregation and vicar at this year's vestry, and the Bishop of Wakefield expressed his willingness to preside and endeavour to bring about a more satisfactory state of affairs. These hopes, however, were disappointed. Last Sunday morning the vicar posted up a written notice (signed by himself only) in the church porch, that the annual vestry would be held at noon. Those who attended were four reporters and a member of the choir who is not a parishioner. Upon ascertaining the nature of the gathering when in the churchyard the vicar returned home without putting in an appearance at the vestry. The parish is a thickly-populated one, and the population consists of poor working-class people.  The church and Sunday school were formerly in a flourishing condition, but the congregation and the number of scholars is fast dwindling away in the unhappy condition of things."

Paragraph 8: After passing the yellow fever virus through laboratory mice, Theiler found that the weakened virus conferred immunity on rhesus macaques. The stage was set for Theiler to develop a vaccine against the disease. Theiler first devised a test for the efficacy of experimental vaccines. In his test, sera from vaccinated human subjects were injected into mice to see if they protected the mice against yellow fever virus. This "mouse protection test" was used with variations as a measure of immunity until after World War II. Subculturing the particularly virulent Asibi strain from West Africa in chicken embryos, a technique pioneered by Ernest Goodpasture, the Rockefeller team sought to obtain an attenuated strain of the virus that would not kill mice when injected into their brains. It took until 1937, and more than 100 subcultures in chicken embryos, for Theiler and his colleague Hugh Smith to obtain an attenuated strain, which they named "17D". Animal tests showed the attenuated 17D mutant was safe and immunizing. Theiler's team rapidly completed the development of a 17D vaccine, and the Rockefeller Foundation began human trials in South America. Between 1940 and 1947, the Rockefeller Foundation produced more than 28 million doses of the vaccine and finally ended yellow fever as a major disease.

Paragraph 9: Mattimeo is a direct sequel to Redwall and Mossflower, taking place eight seasons (two years) after the events of the first novel. The peaceful woodland creatures of Redwall Abbey are busy preparing for a feast during the summer equinox. Matthias and Cornflower have had a son named Mattimeo, who has been generally spoiled throughout his life by the inhabitants of Redwall. Meanwhile, the masked fox Slagar the Cruel and his gang of slavers are planning to enter Redwall Abbey during one of their feasts. Slagar, a villainous fox craving revenge for a crime never committed against him, intends to capture slaves from Redwall and take them to an underground kingdom ruled by a mysterious, god-like figure named Malkariss to be sold as slaves. After drugging the Abbey residents, he kidnaps Mattimeo, Tim and Tess Churchmouse, Cynthia Bankvole, and Sam Squirrel. They meet Auma, (a young badger maid) and Jube, (a hedgehog), who were also kidnapped by Slagar the Cruel. Upon discovering the children missing, Matthias, Basil Stag Hare and Jess Squirrel with the help of a few friends, leave the Abbey to hunt down Slagar and return the children back home. They encounter Cheek, an ottercub Matthias describes as "Cheek both by name and by nature".

Paragraph 10: In October 1916, III and IX Torpedo Boat Flotillas were ordered to reinforce the German naval forces based in Flanders, in order to disrupt the Dover Barrage, a series of anti submarine minefields and nets that attempted to stop U-boats from operating in the English Channel, and to directly attack cross-Channel shipping. The twenty torpedo boats of the two flotillas, including S34, still part of the 18th Half Flotilla of IX Flotilla, left Wilhelmshaven on 23 October, reaching Belgium the next day. IX Flotilla took part in a large scale raid into the English Channel on the night of 26/27 October 1916, and was assigned the role of attacking Allied shipping while other torpedo boats went after the Dover Barrage, with the 18th Half Flotilla, including S34, to operate off Calais. The 18th Half Flotilla successfully passed through the British defences of the Dover Straits, despite twice encountering British warships on the journey through the barrage. Four British destroyers on passage to Dunkirk were spotted, but failed to see the German ships, while the old destroyer  spotted the 18th Half Flotilla and challenged them, but the Germans repeated Flirts signal and continued on course, with Flirt mistaking the ships for the Laforey division and not engaging or reporting the ships. The 18th Half Flotilla did not encounter any of the hoped for merchant ships, but on its return journey clashed with three British destroyers which attempted to pursue, but lost contact after German fire caused Mohawks rudder to jam.  Other German units sank several drifters that were part of the Dover Barrage together with Flirt (which was attempting to rescue the crews of the drifters) and the merchant ship , and badly damaged the destroyer . IX Flotilla continued to operate from Flanders, attacking shipping off the coast of the Netherlands on 1 November. On the night of 23/24 November, S34 was one of 13 torpedo boats that took part in an attempt to attack shipping in the Downs. While they clashed briefly with patrolling drifters, they found none of the shipping anchored on the Downs. On the night of 26/27 November, IX Flotilla sortied again, stopping the Dutch merchant ship Beijerland and taking her pilot prisoner, and sinking the naval trawler . On the return journey to Zeebrugge, S34 collided with the torpedo boat . Both torpedo boats were badly damaged and were under repair until the end of the year before returning to Germany.

Paragraph 11:  최형국, and Hyeong Guk Choi. 2015. "18세기 활쏘기(國弓) 수련방식과 그 실제 -『림원경제지(林園經濟志)』『유예지(遊藝志)』射訣을 중심으로". 탐라문화. 50 권 권: 234. Abstract: 본 연구는 『林園經濟志』 「遊藝志」에 수록된 射訣을 실제 수련을 바탕으로 한몸 문화의 관점에서 분석하여 18세기 활쏘기 수련방식과 그 무예사적 의미를 살펴보았다. 또한 『射法秘傳攻瑕』와 『조선의 궁술』 중 射法要訣에 해당하는 부분을 서로 비교하여 전통 활쏘기의 보편적 특성을 살펴보았다. 『임원경제지』의 저자인 서유구는 대표적인 京華世族으로 家學으로 전해진 농업에 대한 관심을 통해 향촌생활에 필요한 여러 가지 일들을 어릴 적부터 접할 수 있었다. 또한 관직에 오른 후에는 순창군수를 비롯한 향촌사회의 일을 직접 살필 수 있는 관력이 있었는가 하면, 閣臣으로 있을 때에는 수많은 서적들을 규장각이라는 거대한 지식집합소를 관리했기에 백과사전적 공부를 진행할 수 있었다. 그리고 『鄕禮合編』 등 다양한 서적들의 편찬을 담당하면서 의례를 비롯한 전통지식을 물론이고, 청나라에서 수입한 새로운 實學書들을 정리하는 과정에서 지식의 체계적인 관리와 정보의 중요성을 인식하여 『임원경제지』를 저술하게 되었다. 『임원경제지』 중 사결에는 당대 활쏘기의 수련방식과 활과 화살을 제조하는 것에 이르기까지 활쏘기와 관련한 다양한 정보를 수록하고 있다. 특히 서유구 자신이 활쏘기를 젊을 때부터 익혔고, 활쏘기 역시 家學으로 여겨질 만큼 집안의 거의 모든 사내들이 익혔기에 보다 실용적인 부분을 중심으로 체계화시킬 수 있었다. 이러한 사결의 내용 중 실제 활쏘기 수련시 나타나는 다양한 몸문화적인 측면을 요즘의 활쏘기와 비교 분석하며 정리하였다. 이를 통해 『임원경제지』의 사결에 실린 활쏘기의 모습이 당대의 몸문화를 가장 잘 반영하고 있음을 확인할 수 있었다. In this research, we observed archery training methods in the 18th century and its military artistic meaning from somatic cultural perspective by reviewing Sagyul(射訣, instructional description on archery collected in 『ImwonGyeongjeji』(林圓經濟志, encyclopedia written by Seo Yu-gu) Yuyeji (遊藝志, arts and crafts of gentry class). In addition, this study recognized universal characteristics of Korean traditional archery by examining related contents including Sabupbijeon-gongha(『射法秘傳功瑕』, book on archery published by Pyongyang-Gamyeong in late Joseon dynasty) and Sabup-yo-gyul(射法要訣, condensed archery manual) collected in 『Archery of Joseon』, which is an instructional book on archery written in 20th century. Seo Yu-gu, the writer of 『ImwonGyeongjeji』, was a representative Kyung Hwa Sa Gok(京華士族, privilege rank that monopolized an honor and an official post in the 18th in Korean governing class). Affected by agricultural academic tradition of his family, he was able to experience variety of things necessary to rural environment. Furthermore, after filling the office, he had an authority to take care rural society directly including Sunchang District Governor. When he worked in Gyujanggak (奎章閣, royal library built in late Joseon dynasty), he even arranged encyclopedic research as he managed all the databases collected in the library. In the process of handling various book publication including ritual book such as 『Hyangryehap-pyun』(鄕禮合編, integrated book on rural ritual) and arranging new practical science books imported from Qing dynasty, he felt necessity of systematic management of knowledge and information and its outcome was 『ImwonGyeongjeji』. In Sagyul, there are different kinds of information on archery from training types to manufacturing methods of bow and arrows. Especially, he organized it by putting more stress on practicality as Seo Yu-gu himself trained archery since childhood and almost every men in his family mastered it in their life. According to this, various somatic cultural aspects that appeared in Sagyul were examined by comparing current archery.

Paragraph 12: In 1989 Phillips University opened a  branch campus at the Kyoto Institute of Technology and Science in Japan. Students at the Japanese campus earned credits towards a Phillips degree, and were required to complete a one-year residency on the Enid campus.  Faculty members from the Enid campus taught some classes in Japan.  The arrangement also allowed students from the Enid campus to earn part of their required credits abroad at the Osaka campus. In 1992 Phillips University filed suit against Phillips Japan Co., Ltd, the private entity which ran its academic programs in Japan, along with the Kyoto Institute of Technology and Science, and Tanezo Yamasaki, chief director of the institute.  The suit alleged that the defendants failed to pay taxes to the Japanese government, withheld funds due to Phillips University to pay some taxes which they were responsible for paying according to the contract, and alleged unauthorized use of the Phillips University name. In April 1995, Phillips University International (PUI) was created with the new purpose of taking American education in Japan a step further by creating a new bilingual and bicultural academic program.  In the fall of 1996, PUI moved its campus to a growing suburban area of Kyoto Prefecture, Kyotanabe City, and became an independent educational entity under the new name of Kyoto International University.

Paragraph 13: Levi accompanies his girlfriend Maxie (Kirsten Storms) back to her hometown of Port Charles in April 2014 and immediately clashes with her roommate, Nathan West (Ryan Paevey). While Levi is able to charm Maxie's mother, Felicia (Kristina Wagner), he rubs her adoptive father Mac Scorpio (John J. York) the wrong way. Levi also convinces Maxie not to seek custody of her infant daughter Georgie and use the experience as a lesson. Levi disapproves when he learns Maxie is trying to regain custody of her baby, at Nathan's encouragement. Levi supports Maxie when she loses custody of her daughter again after someone tips off the judge about Nathan covering for Maxie because she misses her original courtdate. It turns out Levi did sabotage Maxie's custody hearing though he denies any involvement when Nathan accuses him of tipping off the judge. Levi ropes Maxie into a protest to stop the ELQ waterfront renovation project claiming it will hurt the people who already live on the waterfront. ELQ's CEO Michael Corinthos (Chad Duell) calls the police to have them arrested for trespassing on private property, and Levi spends the night in jail. After he is released, Levi discovers his visa has expired and he may soon be deported. In order to drive a wedge between Maxie and Nathan, Levi frames Nathan by calling immigration on himself from Nathan's phone. Though Nathan claims innocence, a furious Maxie kicks him out of their apartment. Maxie and Levi then brainstorm on how to keep him from being deported and she proposes marriage. As they prepare for the wedding, Mac and Nathan are still suspicious of Levi, specifically because of his interest in Felicia's Aztec jewelry. Just before the wedding, Felicia confides in Maxie and Levi she traded a piece of the jewelry collection to help a friend. When the necklace is stolen, Nathan becomes suspicious of Levi and confronts him moments before the wedding and finds the necklace. A struggle ensues. Levi knocks Nathan out and ties him up as he prepares for the wedding. Nathan's partner, Dante Falconeri (Dominic Zamprogna) finds Nathan and frees him. Nathan tries to arrest Levi until his accomplice, the supposed "immigration" agent, Jeffrey Scribner (Jamil Walker Smith) takes Dante's wife and Maxie's matron of honor, Lulu (Emme Rylan) hostage. Levi and Scribner escape with Maxie and Lulu at gunpoint and they hide out in cabin in the woods. Scribner assumes the girls will be released after they fence the stolen jewelry for cash, but Levi has other plans. Levi shoots Scribner and escapes with the girls. While in the hospital, Scribner reveals that Levi is actually Peter Harrell, Jr., the son of Felicia's ex fiancé (Judson Scott). Levi takes Maxie and Lulu to a secluded cabin where he plans on meeting boss (later revealed to be Victor Cassadine (Thaao Penghlis) who was helping him hold Robin Scorpio-Drake (Kimberly McCullough) hostage. Dante and Nathan corner Levi, and he is shot in the shoulder. At that moment, Victor and his men abduct the entire group. Levi recovers and finds Maxie at the bedside of his very much alive father, Peter Harrell (David Gautreaux). As father and son plan to kill Maxie, Nathan rushes in and kills Peter with a single shot to the back. Nathan and Levi fight with Levi gaining the upper hand, until Maxie kills Levi by stabbing him in the back. Levi's remains appear to have been destroyed when the clinic exploded.

Paragraph 14: At the time of Spano's return to Italy during the second half of 1943 the country was being progressively liberated from the south by U.S. and English armies from abroad and by Italian partisan brigades partisan brigades from within.   English-language historiography tends to downplay the Italian contribution to the country's liberation from fascism while an opposite tendency is apparent in many Italian-language sources.   To the frustration of the partisans everything ground to a halt during the winter of 1943/44 due to the reluctance of the foreign invaders to engage in mountain warfare mountains through the winter, so Rome was liberated only in June 1944, by which time the Germans, having “rescued” Mussolini in September 1943, had installed him as the nominal leader of  the so-called “Italian Social Republic”.   The Italian Civil War fought out against this background is generally considered to have continued from September 1943 until May 1945.   In Naples, Spano joined up with Eugenio Reale,  Marcello Marroni and Clemente Maglietta to take on the leadership of the Communist Party which, based in Naples, they were able to reinstate in the liberated south of Italy.   (Palmiro Togliatti, the party's longstanding leader between, by some criteria, 1927 and 1964,  would not return from Moscow until 1944, but contacts were maintained between Spano and Togliatti through French Communist Party channels.)   A period of energetic work on party organisation ensued, with a focus on the need to create a unified party base soundly rooted in healthy patriotic values, able to accommodate militants and pragmatists across the entire liberated south.  In December 1943 Spano took charge of a southern edition of l'Unità, the party's daily newspaper, though it was only in March 1944 after seventeen years of clandestine small-scale publication, that the Neapolitan edition of l’Unità became “legal”.   In January 1944 he participated at Bari  in the congress of the “Comitato di Liberazione Nazionale” (National Liberation Committee / CLN) at which, together with Reale, he aligned the Communist Party with the socialists and the ”actionists”  in refusing to participate in any provisional government unless and until the king abdicated.   Others present took a yet more radical position, insisting not merely that the king should abdicate, but that the monarchy should be abolished.   As far as the Communist Party was concerned, the demand in support of immediate abdication was softened abruptly with the arrival in Naples of Palmiro Togliatti on 27 March 1944.

Paragraph 15: The village's Catholic mission was run by a French Jesuit priest, Father Sébastien Râle. Massachusetts governor Samuel Shute declared war on the Abenaki in 1722. On August 22, 1724, Captains Johnson Harmon, Jeremiah Moulton, and Richard Bourne (Brown) led a force of two hundred rangers to the main Abenaki village on the Kennebec River to kill Father Sébastien Râle and destroy the settlement. The Battle of Norridgewock (also known as the "Norridgewock Raid") took place on August 23, 1724. The land was being fought over by England, France and the Wabanaki Confederacy, during the colonial frontier conflict referred to as Father Rale's War. Despite being called a 'battle' by some, the raid was essentially a massacre of Indians by colonial British troops. The raid was undertaken to check Abenaki power in the region, limit Catholic proselytizing among the Abenaki (and thereby perceived French influence), and to allow the expansion of New England settlements into Abenaki territory and Acadia. Other motivations for the raid included the special £100 scalp bounty placed on Râle's head by the Massachusetts provincial assembly and the bounty on Abenaki scalps offered by the colony during the conflict. Most accounts record about eighty Abenaki being killed, and both English and French accounts agree that the raid was a surprise nighttime attack on a civilian target, and they both also report that many of the dead were unarmed when they were killed, and those massacred included many women and children. Lieut. Richard Jaques killed Rale in the opening moments of the battle; the soldiers obscenely mutilated Rale's body and later paraded his scalp through the streets of Boston to redeem their reward for the scalp of Rale with those of the other dead. The Boston authorities gave a reward for the scalps, and Harmon was promoted. The rangers massacred nearly two dozen women and children. The Rangers fired around the canoes filled with families. Harmon noted that at least 50 bodies went downstream before the rangers could retrieve them for their scalps. As a result of the raid, New Englanders flooded into the lower Kennebec region, establishing settlements there in the wake of the war. Two English militiamen were killed. Harmon burned the Abenaki farms, and those who had escaped were forced to abandon their village. The 150 Abenaki survivors returned to bury the dead before abandoning the area and moving northward to the Abenaki village of St Francois (Odanak, Quebec).

Paragraph 16: Deficiency of GALT causes classic galactosemia.  Galactosemia is an autosomal recessive inherited disorder detectable in newborns and childhood.  It occurs at approximately 1 in every 40,000-60,000 live-born infants.  Classical galactosemia (G/G) is caused by a deficiency in GALT activity, whereas the more common clinical manifestations, Duarte (D/D) and the Duarte/Classical variant (D/G) are caused by the attenuation of GALT activity.  Symptoms include ovarian failure, developmental coordination disorder (difficulty speaking correctly and consistently), and neurologic deficits. A single mutation in any of several base pairs can lead to deficiency in GALT activity. For example, a single mutation from A to G in exon 6 of the GALT gene changes Glu188 to an arginine and a mutation from A to G in exon 10 converts Asn314 to an aspartic acid.  These two mutations also add new restriction enzyme cut sites, which enable detection by and large-scale population screening with PCR (polymerase chain reaction). Screening has mostly eliminated neonatal death by G/G galactosemia, but the disease, due to GALT’s role in the biochemical metabolism of ingested galactose (which is toxic when accumulated) to the energetically useful glucose, can certainly be fatal. However, those afflicted with galactosemia can live relatively normal lives by avoiding milk products and anything else containing galactose (because it cannot be metabolized), but there is still the potential for problems in neurological development or other complications, even in those who avoid galactose.

Paragraph 17: At the time of the hypercycle theory formulation, ribozymes were not known. After the breakthrough of discovering RNA's catalytic properties in 1982, it was realized that RNA had the ability to integrate protein and nucleotide-chain properties into one entity. Ribozymes potentially serving as templates and catalysers of replication can be considered components of quasispecies that can self-organize into a hypercycle without the need to invent a translation process. In 2001, a partial RNA polymerase ribozyme was designed via directed evolution. Nevertheless, it was able to catalyse only a polymerization of a chain having the size of about 14 nucleotides, even though it was 200 nucleotides long. The most up-to-date version of this polymerase was shown in 2013. While it has an ability to catalyse polymerization of longer sequences, even of its own length, it cannot replicate itself due to a lack of sequence generality and its inability to transverse secondary structures of long RNA templates. However, it was recently shown that those limitations could in principle be overcome by the assembly of active polymerase ribozymes from several short RNA strands. In 2014, a cross-chiral RNA polymerase ribozyme was demonstrated. It was hypothesized that it offers a new mode of recognition between an enzyme and substrates, which is based on the shape of the substrate, and allows avoiding the Watson-Crick pairing and, therefore, may provide greater sequence generality.  Various other experiments have shown that, besides bearing polymerase properties, ribozymes could have developed other kinds of evolutionarily useful catalytic activity such as synthase, ligase, or aminoacylase activities. Ribozymal aminoacylators and ribozymes with the ability to form peptide bonds might have been crucial to inventing translation. An RNA ligase, in turn, could link various components of quasispecies into one chain, beginning the process of a genome integration. An RNA with a synthase or a synthetase activity could be critical for building compartments and providing building blocks for growing RNA and protein chains as well as other types of molecules. Many examples of this kind of ribozyme are currently known, including a peptidyl transferase ribozyme, a ligase, and a nucleotide synthetase. A transaminoacylator described in 2013 has five nucleotides, which is sufficient for a trans-amino acylation reaction and makes it the smallest ribozyme that has been discovered. It supports a peptidyl-RNA synthesis that could be a precursor for the contemporary process of linking amino acids to tRNA molecules. An RNA ligase's catalytic domain, consisting of 93 nucleotides, proved to be sufficient to catalyse a linking reaction between two RNA chains. Similarly, an acyltransferase ribozyme 82 nucleotides long was sufficient to perform an acyltransfer reaction. Altogether, the results concerning the RNA ligase's catalytic domain and the acyltransferase ribozyme are in agreement with the estimated upper limit of 100 nucleotides set by the error threshold problem. However, it was hypothesized that even if the putative first RNA-dependent RNA-polymerases are estimated to be longer—the smallest reported up-to-date RNA-dependent polymerase ribozyme is 165 nucleotides long—they did not have to arise in one step. It is more plausible that ligation of smaller RNA chains performed by the first RNA ligases resulted in a longer chain with the desired catalytically active polymerase domain.

Paragraph 18: Major controversies in the AFP during his tenure included the investigation of Muhamed Haneef, an Indian-born doctor, on suspicion of involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack, that saw a protracted investigation and release without charge, with later substantial compensation for loss of income, interruption of his professional work, and emotional distress largely based on the actions of the AFP.  Keelty also oversaw the AFP's involvement in the Bali Nine case, in which nine Australians were known to be carrying drugs to Indonesia, where they were arrested and jailed, with two later executed. The AFP never confirmed whether they had notified the Indonesian authorities, but said they were unable to arrest the nine before departure from Australia. Keelty has defended the AFP's role in the Bali Nine saga.

Paragraph 19: The credit against the federal tax may be reduced if the state has an outstanding advance (commonly called a "loan"). When states lack the funds to pay unemployment insurance, they may obtain loans from the federal government. To ensure that these loans are repaid and in accordance with Title XII of the Social Security Act, the federal government is entitled to recover them by reducing the FUTA credit it gives to employers, which is the equivalent of an overall increase in the FUTA tax. When a state has an outstanding loan balance on January 1 for two consecutive years, and the full amount of the loan is not repaid by November 10 of the second year, the FUTA credit will be reduced until the loan is repaid. That process is commonly called FUTA credit reduction and was designed as an involuntary repayment mechanism. The reduction schedule is 0.3% for the first year and an additional 0.3% for each succeeding year until the loan is repaid. From the third year onward, there may be additional reduction(s) in the FUTA tax credit (commonly dubbed "add-ons"). For example, for taxable years 2012 and 2013, the Virgin Islands had a 2.7% "add-on" when its tax rate on total wages was below a national minimum. For taxable year 2014, Connecticut had a "BCR add-on" when its tax rate on the taxable portion of covered wages in the previous calendar year was less than the 5-year benefit–cost ratio applicable for the taxable year.

Paragraph 20: Franz Sieber described an almost hairless peony from Corsica in 1828 and named it Paeonia corsica. In 1837 Giuseppe Moris described a form from Sardinia and Corsica that differed in having a covering of soft hairs on the underside of the leaflets and on the carpels, calling it P. corallina var. pubescens. Without appearing aware of Sieber's publication, Ernest Cosson described the glabrous peony in 1850 as P. corallina var. leiocarpa, but he corrected this in 1887 by renaming it as P. corallina var. corsica. In the same publication he dealt with Moris's hairy form as a synonym of P. corallina var. russoi, thinking it was identical to P. russoi described from Sicily by Antonino de Bivona-Bernardi in 1816, and followed Webb (1838) by reducing the status of the taxon. This was supported by Ernst Huth in 1891. In 1875, Heinrich Moritz Willkomm thought P. corsica a junior synonym of P. corallina var. cambessedesii (now P. cambessedesii). In 1893, Georges Rouy and Julien Foucaud reduced the status of the hairless taxon to P. corallina f. corsica, and distinguished two additional forms with hairy carpels, f. ovalifolia - with variable indumentum on the leaflets - and f. triternata - with consistently pubescent undersides of the leaflets -. Adriano Fiori in 1898 regarded P. corallina a subspecies of P. mascula and thus named the taxon P. mascula subsp. corallina var. corsica. Max Gürke simplified this in 1903 to P. mascula var. corsica. In 1899 Antoine Legrand described a form with hairless carpels but hairy undersides of the leaflets and called it P. russoi var. reverchoni. Claude Jordan described two new types from Corsica in 1903, one with leaflets with red veins and softly haired undersides, and hairy carpels, he called P. revelieri, and one with hairless leaflets and softly haired carpels, he named P. glabrescens. John Isaac Briquet distinguished a further glabrous taxon, P. corallina var. pubescens f. hypoleuca. Ascherson and Paul Graebner in 1923 regarded P. corallina var. leiocarpa and P. cambessedesii as synonyms of P. corallina var. corsica. F.C. Stern treated this taxon in 1946 as a synonym of P. russoi var. leiocarpa. Zangheri, Sandro Pignatti and Schmitt thought P. corsica synonymous to P. coriacea in 1976, 1982 and 1997 respectively. Dimitris Tzanoudakis distinguished in 1977 three subspecies of P. mascula in Greece, among which P. mascula subsp. russoi from the Ionian islands and the corresponding mainland coastal area he regarded identical to Bivona's taxon. In 2001 Cesca found a form from Sardinia with purplish stems and long hairs on the leaflets' undersurfaces he regarded sufficiently different to create a new species, P. morisii, and it was recognised by Passalaqua and Bernardo in 2004, who also extended the range of P. mascula subsp. russoi to include Calabria. Most recent authors thought P. mascula subsp. russoi described from Sicily also is present on Sardina and Corsica.

Paragraph 21: Other stage plays in which Homolka performed during this period include: The first German performance of Eugene O'Neill's The Emperor Jones, 1924, Anna Christie, 1924, , 1925, Juarez and Maximilian, 1925–1926, Her Young Boyfriend, 1925, The Jewish Widow, 1925, Stir, 1925, Mérimée and Courteline, 1926, Periphery, 1926, Neidhardt von Gneisenau, 1926, Dorothea Angermann, 1926–1927, Der Revisor, 1926, Androcles and the Lion, 1926, Bonaparte, 1927, The Ringer and The Squeaker by Edgar Wallace, both 1927, Underworld, 1930, Today's Sensation, 1931, The Last Equipage, 1931, The Waterloo Bridge, 1931, Faust, 1932, Karl and Anna, Doctor's Dilemma, Pygmalion, Juno and the Paycock, and many Shakespearean plays including: A Midsummer Night's Dream, 1925, Troilus and Cressida, 1927, Richard III, King Lear, and Macbeth. After his arrival in London, he continued to star on stage, including with Flora Robson in the play Close Quarters.

Paragraph 22: A General Council was established in the same period and was first elected in January 1947. The result was a victory for the Dahomeyan Progressive Union, which won 20 of the 30 elected seats. French National Assembly elections were held again in 1951, with Dahomey now having two seats; the Liste de l'Union Française and the Ethnic Group of the North (GEN) each won one seat. The General Council was converted into the Territorial Assembly in 1952, with the first elections to the new body resulting in a victory for the Republican Party of Dahomey (PRD), which won 19 of the 32 seats elected by the second college.

Paragraph 23: Josiah Warren is widely regarded as the first American anarchist and the four-page weekly paper he edited during 1833, The Peaceful Revolutionist, was the first anarchist periodical published. Warren, a follower of Robert Owen, joined Owen's community at New Harmony, Indiana. He coined the phrase "Cost the limit of price," with "cost" here referring not to monetary price paid but the labor one exerted to produce an item. Therefore, "[h]e proposed a system to pay people with certificates indicating how many hours of work they did. They could exchange the notes at local time stores for goods that took the same amount of time to produce." He put his theories to the test by establishing an experimental "labor for labor store" called the Cincinnati Time Store where trade was facilitated by notes backed by a promise to perform labor. The store proved successful and operated for three years, after which it was closed so that Warren could pursue establishing colonies based on mutualism. These included "Utopia" and "Modern Times." Warren said that Stephen Pearl Andrews' The Science of Society, published in 1852, was the most lucid and complete exposition of Warren's own theories. For American anarchist historian Eunice Minette Schuster: "It is apparent ... that Proudhonian Anarchism was to be found in the United States at least as early as 1848 and that it was not conscious of its affinity to the Individualist Anarchism of Josiah Warren and Stephen Pearl Andrews ... William B. Greene presented this Proudhonian Mutualism in its purest and most systematic form."

Paragraph 24: By this point, the fire was moving extremely fast up the 76% incline of the northern slope (37.23 degree slope) of Mann Gulch and Dodge realized they would not be able to make the ridge line in front of the fire. With the fire less than a  behind, he took a match out and set fire to the grass in front of them. In doing so, he was attempting to create an escape fire to lie in so that the main fire would burn around him and his crew. In the back draft of the main fire, the grass fire Dodge had set burned straight up toward the ridge above. Turning to the three men by him — Robert Sallee, Walter Rumsey and Eldon Diettert — Dodge said "Up this way", but the men misunderstood him. The three ran straight up for the ridge crest, moving up along the far edge of Dodge's fire. Sallee later said he was not sure what Dodge was doing, and thought perhaps he intended the fire to act as a buffer between the men and the main fire. It was not until he got to the ridge crest and looked back down that he realized what Dodge had intended. As the rest of the crew came up, Dodge tried to direct them through the fire he had set and into the center burnt out area. Dodge later stated that someone, possibly squad leader William Hellman, said "To hell with that, I'm getting out of here". The rest of the team raced past Dodge up the slope toward the hogback of Mann Gulch ridge, hoping they had enough time to get through the rock ridge line to safer ground on the other side. None of the men trying to outrun the fire entered the area Dodge had burned.

Paragraph 25: Although the Empire of Japan did not sign the Geneva Conventions, which have provided the standard definition of war crimes since 1864, the crimes committed fall under other aspects of international and Japanese law. For example, many of the alleged crimes committed by Japanese personnel broke Japanese military law, and were not subject to court martial, as required by that law. Japan also violated signed international agreements, including provisions of the Treaty of Versailles such as a ban on the use of chemical weapons, and the Hague Conventions (1899 and 1907), which protect prisoners of war (POWs). The Japanese government also signed the Kellogg–Briand Pact (1929), thereby rendering its actions in 1937-45 liable to charges of crimes against peace, a charge that was introduced at the Tokyo Trials to prosecute "Class A" war criminals. "Class B" war criminals were those found guilty of war crimes per se, and "Class C" war criminals were those guilty of crimes against humanity. The Japanese government also accepted the terms set by the Potsdam Declaration (1945) after the end of the war. The declaration alluded, in Article 10, to two kinds of war crime: one was the violation of international laws, such as the abuse of prisoners of war; the other was obstructing "democratic tendencies among the Japanese people" and civil liberties within Japan.

Paragraph 26:  Each board is usually marked with the following information: board number – (from '1' to as high as '36') identifies the deal and helps to order the play of multiple deals; compass directions – used to match the four hands to the four players at a table; dealer – designates which player is the "dealer"; this designates the player who is to make the first call of the auction; vulnerability – often represented by color code: a "vulnerable" partnership is usually shown in red and a "not vulnerable" partnership in green, white or no color. Most designs include a slot or pocket to hold a paper travelling score sheet.

Paragraph 27: After months of considering different options for their new venture, the group decided to do things on their own and officially changed their name to "Mutemath". Joining up with Tedd and lawyer/manager Kevin Kookogey, they started an independent label Teleprompt Records. Within a couple months Teleprompt was able to put together a developmental-deal with Warner Music, and Mutemath's debut Reset EP would be released that Fall on Warner's CCM label Word Records in an attempt to capitalize on the group's fan base from Earthsuit. By December 2004, the band finally recruited bass player Roy Mitchell-Cárdenas to become the official fourth member. They began touring to promote the release while using popular social networking sites like MySpace to spread word of the group. As their fan base grew, the band began to see an increasing number of shows sell out by early 2005. By the end of that year, they joined The Music is Much Too Loud Tour opening for Mae and Circa Survive where they began to chronicle their shows and updated their video blogs on a nightly basis gradually attracting more and more people to the Mutemath ground-swell. The band sold over 30,000 copies of Reset EP before the album went out of print in 2006.

Paragraph 28: The main economic activities are cattle raising and farming.  The GDP was R$50,544,000 (2005).  There was 1 banking agency in 2006.  In the rural area there were 596 farms with around 2,000 people involved in the agricultural sector.  There were 63 tractors, a ratio of one tractor for every 10 farms.  The main crops were coffee, bananas, sugarcane, beans, manioc, and corn.  In the health sector there were 4 health clinics and 01 hospital with 46 beds.  The score on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.628.  This ranked Divisa Alegre 792 out of 853 municipalities in the state, with Poços de Caldas in first place with 0.841 and Setubinha in last place with 0.568. See Frigoletto for the complete list.

Paragraph 29: Ice King has a strange fascination with Bubblegum and she is often the target of his kidnapping schemes and romantic advances; it is revealed that she reminds him of his fiancée Betty, whom he often referred to as his "princess." Bubblegum is frequently seen in the company of her close companion, Lady Rainicorn. Bubblegum is frequently depicted riding on Lady Rainicorn's back, and the two have a strong trust in each other. Bubblegum has a younger brother named Neddy, a "candy dragon" spawned alongside her from the Mother Gum. Neddy lives underneath the Candy Kingdom, where Bubblegum keeps him isolated, as he is very easily frightened. Bubblegum is highly protective of Neddy as she is with the other Candy People, claiming that Neddy is merely "built different... we just need to respect it". Most if not all citizens of the Candy Kingdom were created by Bubblegum. In "Bonny and Neddy", Bubblegum states that creating the Candy People was one of the first things she did after ensuring Neddy's safety, and that she had missed the experience of being surrounded by others as she had been before leaving the Mother Gum. Due to their easily scared and childlike nature, Bubblegum's relationship with her citizens is equal parts ruler and caretaker, something which occasionally leads to exasperation on the monarch's part. In an early episode it shows Bubblegum interacting with a leaf bunny, Anna (Anna Spurrier) who was a childhood friend of Jake the Dog, they became friend's in trying to help jake, although Anna mysteriously went missing and was never referenced by Bubblegum again. Bubblegum's first creation was her "Uncle" Gumbald, whom she created after feeling lonely and desiring a companion. Gumbald originated the idea of a Candy Kingdom but became tyrannical and attempted to turn her into a simple-minded candy person using "dum-dum juice." Bubblegum shatters the bottle in his hand out of self-defense, and he turns into a candy person. Bubblegum also created an "Aunt" Lolly and a "Cousin" Chicle, who were also turned into Candy People by Gumbald. Bubblegum decides to become Princess of the Candy Kingdom and uses the "dum-dum juice" to bring the candy people to life. Near the end of the series, Gumbald, Lolly, and Chicle are returned to their prior forms and seek revenge on Bubblegum, though Gumbald and Chicle are turned back into Candy People. Lolly repents and reconciles with Bubblegum, helping her look after Neddy as seen in the epilogue. Bubblegum's other creations include the Earl of Lemongrab and two "candy sphinxes" named Goliad and Stormo.

Paragraph 30: A man named Trevor Bennett, the personal secretary of one Professor Presbury, comes to Holmes with a most unusual problem. He is engaged to the professor's daughter, Edith, and the Professor is himself engaged to a young lady, Alice Morphy, although he himself is already 61 years of age. Their impending marriage has caused no scandal, but the trouble seems to have begun at about the time of the engagement. First, the professor suddenly left home for a fortnight without telling anyone of his destination, with the family later learning that he had been to Prague. Upon returning, Presbury unprecedentedly forbid Mr Bennett from opening certain stamped letters. The professor had also brought a carved wooden box from Prague, and became very angry with Bennett for touching it.