Paragraph 1: Art director Brentan Harron first began conceptualising the interior and exterior of a new Asgard ship for the episode as part of season 5, although at this stage the ship was intended for the half-human, half-Asgard character Odin. Eventually, after the story was redeveloped for the shows seventh season, Odin was replaced with a different character, a renegade Asgard named Loki. The production design team abandoned their original concept drawings and started fresh on a new Asgard ship in season 7. Art director Peter Bodnarus explained that the design for their new Asgard ship was "something a little more organic" than some of the more "stark and compartmentalised" technology and ships which had previously featured.  Production designer Bridget McQuire's principle idea was "tooth-like pylons", which Bodnarus and Robbins developed drawings of. These designs were then given to a company with a numerical control device which was used to precisely carve pieces of foam to form the ship. Bodnarus described the process of cutting pieces of foam from three different axes in order to form "an extremely elegant shape from which to work". Elements such as pylons and observational turrets were crafted, with the overall intention of creating something "a race as advanced as the Asgard would have built". For the Asgard probe onboard the ship, McGuire explained that they wanted to make "something quite threatening and scary looking that could be suspended over a person". The probe was originally only going to appear in flashback sequences, but eventually this was expanded, with it appearing in more scenes and thus it needed to be more detailed. Existing Asgard set pieces, such as the Asgard medical pod from "Nemesis", and other pieces from "Small Victories" were used to dress the Asgard laboratory, which was constructed on Stage 6 of The Bridge Studios.

Paragraph 2: In 1908 the school only had one male teacher – Art master, Alfred Bamford.  In January 1910 the School Hostel opened in rented premises under the care of a Mrs Smylie to allow students with long journeys between home and school to stay in Chelmsford during the week.  The school remained open throughout World War I, with forms being assigned "shelter" in a place away from windows or an outer wall. It also took in refugee students from Belgium and educated them. In June 1916 Winifred Picking became the School's first University success when she gained a First Class degree in the Natural Science Tripos at Girton College, Cambridge. The school's motto "Vitai lampada ferimus" or " We carry the torch of life" was chosen in 1923, which is part of the school crest.  In 1936 the School Hostel shut down due to lack of viability, due to improved transport around Chelmsford.  A year later, in 1937, the electric bell system was first installed. It was removed in 1999.  The school remained open during World War II, though this time the school was damaged several times in air raids. Fortunately the worst raid, when nearly every window in the school was broken, occurred during a school holiday. Maintaining examination conditions during air raids was also a problem: eventually exam candidates were given their own separate shelter.  Extensive building work was initiated in the 1950s and continued throughout the 1960s – in that time, the current caretaker's house, swimming pool, hall, canteen, art rooms, and library were built. In February 1962, HRH Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother arrived on the School grounds by helicopter to be guest of honour at the Senior Speech Day, which was held at Chelmsford Cathedral. The introduction of Technology, particularly IT, began in the 1980s.  In 1992, CCHS became a Grant Maintained school with control over its own funds, and a School Bursar was employed. Margaret Thatcher, along with the local MP Simon Burns, paid a brief visit to the school on 30 March 1992. Building work continued with the development of the new school Astroturf pitch in 2004, the extension of the sixth form common room in 2005, and new music centre in 2007, which has been built in the shape of an orchestra, including a fully equipped recording studio. The building was opened in January 2008 by Dame Evelyn Glennie.  In 2007 the School celebrated its Centenary, with HRH Sophie, Countess of Wessex.  The school converted to academy status on 1 January 2011. In 2013 the new Languages Centre was completed, which has brought language learning into the 21st century.  In 2015 and in 2020 the governors of the School voted unanimously to expand CCHS by 30 each time, increasing the intake to 180, the decision was taken in response to the ever-increasing demand for places at the School and a desire to offer the opportunity to be educated in a grammar school to even more girls.

Paragraph 3: In October 2002, the first international tournament in England was held in Chester, the British Isles Nations Futsal Cup. It was hosted by Tranmere Victoria, with four other teams representing Ireland, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Gibraltar. Shortly after the tournament Tranmere Victoria played a friendly match against Iran. In November 2002, an English Futsal Championship tournament took place and was won by Pendle Santos. Two weeks later a pilot national tournament was organised by the Sheffield Hallamshire FA. Ten teams took part and there was also a women's invitation match. Tranmere Victoria won the tournament and as a result were later chosen by the FA to be the first team to represent England in the UEFA Futsal Cup. Both the FA and FIFA had representatives at the tournament, there were also members of the British Universities Sport's Association present. The future of futsal in England was discussed and the FIFA representative stated that they would support the FA in developing the refereeing and coaching programmes necessary for the development of the game in England. The possibility of establishing a national team was also discussed. In early 2003 it was revealed that the first official national cup was to be organised by the FA and would take place during the summer. Regional qualifying leagues were set up independently of the FA in Sheffield, Pendle, Wirral, London, Cheltenham and Grimsby, with the winners and runners-up qualifying for the FA Futsal Cup. Prior to the tournament was the 2003 London Cup. The first FA Futsal Cup took place in July at the Army Physical Training Centre in Aldershot, with teams divided into two groups of six. An invitation was also extended to an Army team, as the Army Football Association. Sheffield Hallam won the cup and would enter as England's representatives in the 2004–05 UEFA Futsal Cup.

Paragraph 4: Orbit was a series of anthologies of new science fiction edited by Damon Knight, often featuring work by such writers as Gene Wolfe, Joanna Russ, R. A. Lafferty, and Kate Wilhelm. The anthologies tended toward the avant-garde edge of science fiction, but by no means exclusively; occasionally the volumes featured nonfiction critical writing or humorous anecdotes by Knight.  Inspired by Frederik Pohl's Star Science Fiction series, and in its turn an influence on other original speculative fiction anthologies, it ran for over a decade and twenty-one volumes, not including a 1975 "Best of" collection selected from the first ten volumes.

Paragraph 5: June 8 - at least four unrated probable tornadoes touched down in Ontario. The first probable tornado touched down in Hamilton, Ontario, uprooting trees, damaging roofs, and destroying a sailboat. A second probable tornado started near Rodney, Ontario where it destroyed the roof of the Binder Hotel before continuing through/near West Lorne, Ontario, Dutton, Ontario, Shedden, Ontario and Fingal, Ontario before ending in St. Thomas, Ontario where a roof of the Michigan Central Railroad was destroyed and nearly all trees on Wellington Street were damaged or destroyed. Damage in some of the nearby towns mentioned before could have been from the outer edges, more in the style of a downburst associated with the thunderstorm, but without proper record keeping as in the modern era, this can all be classified under one tornadic event. A third tornado touched down in Chatham, Ontario causing significant tree damage across the city. The tower of the Methodist church collapsed, the peak was knocked off the school, skylights were blown out, smokestacks of several local factories were also destroyed. Various houses were destroyed. This tornado likely dissipated before touching down again as the Rodney, Ontario to St. Thomas, Ontario tornado. In Sarnia, Ontario, a fourth probable tornado touched down destroying 150 square feet of roofing on a new lumber mill. Numerous trees were destroyed while a house was lifted off its foundation and tossed. Based on the damage reported, the tornado started near the St. Clair River causing damage along Christina Street, Johnston Street, and Queen Street before moving across Wellington Street and causing damage along Davis Street. The tornado began to weaken before causing minor damage on Russell Street. Additional damage was reported in Port Stanley, Ontario where a ninety-foot elevator tower collapsed and in Niagara Falls, Ontario. There is inconclusive information to determine the classification of the event in Port Stanley, Ontario and Niagara Falls, Ontario.

Paragraph 6: SADF electronic warfare operations intercepted FAPLA communications on 22 March which indicated that FAPLA wanted to retake the Chambinga heights. These high grounds lay east in front of the Tumpo triangle and the SADF positions. SADF decided to go ahead with the operation planned for 23 March. On the night of 22 March, around 21h00, the SADF units began to line up and prepare for the attack, which would begin the next morning. As they moved forward during the night, the columns became temporarily lost and then had to continue their advance with only one tank de-miner when the other overturned. Around 04h00 on 23 March, SADF G-5 artillery began to bombard the forward positions of the 25 Brigade. By 06h00 the SADF attack column was within 10 km of the FAPLA positions but had soon stopped as they were delayed by bad terrain and one of the tanks had broken down. Once the repair was completed the attack resumed around 08h15. Not long after the attack column began moving again, a tank hit a mine and the de-miner tank sent forward to clear the minefield was itself permanently disabled by a mine, unable to be moved. The column halted and sappers were brought forward to clear a way through the minefield with their Plofadders, an automated rocket-fired explosive de-miner. They failed to work and they had to be manually detonated, which delayed the operation by three hours. Clearing of the minefields also attracted the attention of the Cuban artillery, which fired on the SADF column but was ineffective in hitting targets but slowed any progress they wished to make. During this time, UNITA fought a battle with elements of 38 Brigade on the high ground they captured earlier during the month, but they and the SADF forward observers were chased off it.

Paragraph 7: Daniel "Dan" T. Griswold (born 1958) is a senior research Fellow and co-director of the Program on the American Economy and Globalization at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University. He was previously the president of the National Association of Foreign-Trade Zones, an organization based in Washington DC. Prior to NAFTZ, he served as the director of the Cato Institute's Center for Trade Policy Studies, where he authored numerous studies on trade and immigration policy. Before joining Cato in 1997, Griswold served as press secretary for Congressman Vin Weber of Minnesota, and later for 12 years as editorial page editor of the Colorado Springs Gazette-Telegraph. He has written for major newspapers such as The Wall Street Journal and the Los Angeles Times, appeared on CNN, PBS, C-SPAN and other national TV and radio networks, and testified before congressional committees. He was born in a small Midwestern town, graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison with a bachelor's degree in journalism and economics, and received a master's degree in the Politics of the World Economy from the London School of Economics. Griswold has written extensively on such subjects as immigration reform and the U.S. balance of trade. He also authored the book Mad about Trade: Why Main Street America Should Embrace Globalization, published in 2009. He lives with his wife, Elizabeth, in Northern Virginia.

Paragraph 8: The Hidden Valley Kings are a neighborhood-based gang in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was formed in the late 1990s, as a branch of the Queen City Kings, which started in the Cedar Greene housing complex, east of Hidden Valley, near the streets of Craighead and North Tryon.  The Queen City Kings were formed by a People Nation member who moved to Charlotte from Chicago in the mid 1990s. He initially established a People Nation faction in the Cedar Greene Apartment Complex but as a way to be inclusive of the growing Folk Nation influence within the growing Supreme King Queen Nation, an agreement was made by all parties involved to change the name of the gang to the Queen City Kings, which played on the nickname of the City of Charlotte, which people dub the "Queen City." The name, according to the Original Kings, was the gang's affirmation to the claiming of the city, stating: "The Queen City is our bitch, which makes us the Kings." Shortly thereafter, he was incarcerated on an unrelated offense. A Cedar Greene Apartments resident named "Korn," along with Korn's half-brother, was left in charge; Korn proved to be a very charismatic and dedicated leader, remaining loyal to the movement until his suicide, several years later. The Kings, which originally stood for Knowledgeable Islamic Nubian Gods, then renamed Krucial Islamic Nubian Gods,  was meant to be a Charlotte, home-grown version of the Chicago gangs. The Kings were structured similar to the Los Angeles gangs, but instead of "Original Gangsta" (OG) or "Baby Gangsta" (BG) the Queen City Kings used "Original King" (OK) or "Baby King" (BK). The Kings color is black but the Hidden Valley Kings wear the color green for their neighborhood, the Hidden Valley neighborhood sign is green and Hidden Valley Elementary school colors are green. Just as the nations in Chicago had different branches, or "sets," the Queen City Kings had a number of small sets as well. These sets were actually small groups of members who lived in different Charlotte communities, who were dedicated to spreading the Kingz to each of these neighborhoods. Some of them were successful but many of them were unknown in their respective neighborhoods. Among the factions were the Wilmore Kings (WMK), Tuckaseegee Kings (TSK), Beatties Ford Kings (BFK), Maple Run Kings (MRK), North Side Jamaican Kings (NJK), Westside Kings (WSK) the Creek Town Kings (CTK or FOC), The Cedar Greene Kings (CGK), the Woodview Kings (WVK),  the Hidden Valley Kings (HVK) among others of these various sets, the Hidden Valley Kings became the most prominent.

Paragraph 9: In general short term fluctuations in the price of uranium are of more concern to operators and owners of mines and potentially lucrative deposits than to power plant operators. Due to its high energy density, uranium is easy to stockpile in the form of strategic reserves and thus a short term increase in prices can be compensated by accessing those reserves. Furthermore, many countries have de facto reserves in the form of reprocessed uranium or depleted uranium which still contain a share of fissile material that can make re-enrichment worthwhile if market conditions call for it. Nuclear reprocessing of spent fuel is - as of the 2020s - done commercially primarily to use the fissile material still contained in spent fuel. The commonly employed PUREX process recovers uranium and plutonium which can then be converted into MOX-fuel for use in the same light water reactors that produced the spent fuel. Whether reprocessing is economical is subject to much debate and depends in part on assumptions as to the price of uranium and the cost of disposal via deep geological repository or nuclear transmutation. Reactors that can run on natural uranium consume less mined uranium per unit of power produced but can have higher capital costs to build due to the need for heavy water as moderator. Furthermore they need to be capable of online refueling because the burnup achievable with natural uranium is lower than that achievable with enriched uranium - having to shut down the entire reactor for every refueling would quickly make such a reactor uneconomic. Breeder reactors also become more economical as uranium prices rise and it was among other things a decline in uranium prices in the 1970s that led to a decline in interest in breeder reactor technology. The thorium fuel cycle is a further alternative if and when uranium prices remain at a sustained high level and consequently interest in this alternative to current "mainstream" light water reactor technology is dependent in no small part on uranium prices.

Paragraph 10: Reaction to the album has been generally favorable. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 67, based on 6 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". Slant Magazine critic Jonathan Keefe awarded the album three out of five stars and stated that Shout It Out "is the trio's most ambitious project" and that it "includes a few moments of real inspiration." Allmusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine also rated the album three out of five stars in a more mixed review. Erlewine remarked that, "Hanson are sharp enough to keep things tight... but the music itself is too finely honed." A review from AbsolutePunk surmises that, "Aside from the trio's penchant for maudlin and borderline campy lyrics, there's little about Shout it Out that isn't infectious". The Entertainment Weekly review praised the album, claiming: "Uptempo jams like Waiting for This shimmer with top-shelf songcraft; Motown vet Bob Babbitt even sits in on bass. But sometimes you wish these whiz kids would act their age". QRO said the album "may just be okay, but it's at the highest tier of okay. It's not a great album, but it's not trying to be either; it plays to its audience, and it does it well." Jonathan Keefe from Slant Magazine was, somewhat, favorable in his review, saying:"What's encouraging about the record, though, is that Hanson's instincts are more or less on point. The effervescent brass sections, aggressive rhythm tracks, and AM-radio vibe they've incorporated are all logical and effective additions to their aesthetic. That Hanson has been around for well over a decade now makes it easy to forget that they're still a young band. And the elements that really work on Shout It Out suggest that they're only going to continue to get better". Connor McKnight from Billboard was largely positive, writing: "Long before the first Jonas Brothers album hit the shelves, another sibling trio reigned supreme. Hanson brothers Isaac, Taylor and Zac may still be widely known for their playful 1997 pop hit, "MMMBop," but the trio's fifth studio album, "Shout It Out," shows that the group continues to expand its musical roots. A colorful set that pays tribute to the funk, soul and R&B musical influences that shapes its sound, "Shout It Out" has a sunnier vibe than the group's 2007 predecessor, "The Walk." "Shout It Out" still breaks into emotional territory with piano ballads like "Use Me Up" (featuring Zac on lead vocals), while Taylor's windy tenor shines on "Carry You There." From the profoundly upbeat single "Thinking 'Bout Something'" to the heartfelt and introspective closer "Me Myself and I," "Shout It Out" is a fun listen that beams with genuine talent and creative artistry".

Paragraph 11: Founded as Leeds St. Johns in 1895 the club is now known as the Leeds Rhinos have a long history. In recent years the team has competed in several major finals. Under coach Graham Murray they competed in the first Super League grand final in 1998 but were defeated by Wigan Warriors. A year later Leeds won the Rugby League Challenge Cup, defeating London Broncos at Wembley in the last final held at Wembley stadium before its re-building. After several years without a trophy the appointment of Tony Smith of coach saw Leeds top the league at the end of the season and went on to be crowned Super League champions on 16 October 2004 after defeating arch rivals Bradford Bulls 16–8 at Old Trafford. In 2005 the Rhinos reached the final of both the Challenge Cup and the Super League but lost both games to Hull F.C. and Bradford Bulls respectively.  Leeds now hold the 2007 crown after thrashing former champions St Helens 33–6 in the Grand Final.  This was Coach Tony Smith's final game before leaving to be G.B coach and this win makes it two grand final trophies in four years. They won the next two super league grand finals, topping the regular season league table in the latter, setting a record for the most consecutive grand final wins. They also won the crown in 2011, coming from 5th place after the regular season rounds. The team reached the challenge cup final for the first time at the redeveloped Wembley Stadium in 2010, and then again in 2011, losing out 6–30 to the Warrington Wolves and then 18–28 to Wigan Warriors. Leeds Rhinos are the best supported Rugby League club in the United Kingdom, their Headingley ground holds up to 20,500 spectators and is regularly filled, with sell out's particularly common, at games against Bradford Bulls, St. Helens and Wigan Warriors. Leeds-based Tetley's Bitter, Leeds Building Society, Jet2 and Leeds Carnegie are all major sponsors of the Leeds Rhinos.

Paragraph 12: Between 1944 and 1951, Tierney was arrested over 12 times in Los Angeles for brawling, frequently for drunkenness which included ripping a public telephone off a wall in a bar, hitting a waiter in the face with a sugar bowl for refusing to serve him any more drinks, and attempting to choke a taxi driver.  He was jailed for three months for brawling in May 1947 and again in June 1949 and drunkenness in January 1949 and October 1950. His legal troubles included a 90-day jail sentence which he served from August to October 1951 for breaking a New York college student's jaw during another barroom brawl. He served 66 days in the city jail in Chicago, Illinois from March to May 1952 for drunk and disorderly charges. In October 1951, he was sent to a mental hospital in Chicago after being found disheveled in a church. In New York City, he was arrested for assault and battery of a barroom pianist in August 1953 and again in October 1958 for resisting arrest and assaulting two police officers in another barroom brawl. At the time of his October 1958 arrest outside a Manhattan bar, The New York Times reported that he had been arrested six times in California and five in New York City on similar charges.

Paragraph 13: Roxxon is revealed to be orchestrating the young superheroes being falsely outlawed by the public. Having acquired the dragons from War of the Realms event, their first step was to get rid of the high schooler Aliana Kabua. Although Kamala Khan got injured from saving Aliana, Roxxon begin to shift the blame to the Champions for the damage they never started. While forming a partnership with Senator Geoffrey Patrick and C.R.A.D.L.E., Roxxon manipulates them into unknowingly furthering their shady businesses, such as permanent imprisonment, brainwashing and unethical experimentation, as well as possibly kidnapping of the kids who oppose the unjust law. Viv Vision, who survived Roxxon's assault on Aliana, had been monitoring her fellow younger superheroes, but discovers that she is unintentionally selling her friends to C.R.A.D.L.E. and Roxxon. Once the Champions reveals Roxxon's conspiracy to Senator Patrick and the public, the senator finally begins to repeal the unjust law, ending the partnership with Roxxon, and clearing Kamala's name while re-evaluating his business dealings. Later, Miles Morales and Sam Alexander go undercover as interns, prior to being suggested to hire Kamala Kahn. While Roxxon attempts to cover up their illegal activity by releasing a social app called "Roxx-On", a Champion and a former prisoner of C.R.A.D.L.E.'s harassment, Snowguard rallies a group of mobs because they still openly do not trust Roxxon for their previous activities. Much worst, Roxxon already hired Ironheart's nemesis from Stark Unlimited, Andre Sims, in an attempt to collect data to dispose of those who are deemed threats to its business. He replaced young superheroes with his Chaperon robots to ensure the unjust Kamala's Law remains active. During Roxx-On concert, Roxxon lost its public trust thanks to Kamala's public speech about the company's ongoing shady business, thus repealing Kamala's Law and disbanding C.R.A.D.L.E.. However, Roxxon's reputation becomes worst when Andre attempts to dispose of young people like the Champions because of his personal issues, but is immediately stopped by Roxxon's higher-up Miriam Blakemoore. After that, Roxxon finally makes a public speech to apologize for their actions and takes responsibility for Andre's crime.

Paragraph 14: Prior to 1915, the state had no central authority governing construction and maintenance of roads. The governor, legislature, other road associations, and local governments all attempted to serve these tasks, leading to a lack of planning and management. In 1915, a State Highway Commission was created to organize transportation services. The original commission consisted of six volunteer members. As responsibilities of the commission grew, this became inadequate, and in 1919 the commission was replaced with three paid members. By 1922, roads in Tennessee were behind surrounding states. Governor Austin Peay created a new Department of Highways and Public Works and appointed J.G. Creveling, Jr. as the single commissioner. Peavy also implemented a tax of two cents per gallon to fund the new department. The collapse of the banking system in 1930 resulted in significant losses for the state and led to an inability to fund the department. All of its workers had to be released. However, in 1933 the New Deal projects gave $11 million of federal money for highway projects. Diversion of federal funds and military enlistment of personnel during World War II again crippled the department. Following the war, the construction of the new Interstate Highway system brought a massive boom to the department. In 1972, due to its expanding role in all modes of transportation, it was renamed the Tennessee Department of Transportation. In the 1980s, TDOT began the $3.3 billion Better Roads Program to clear a backlog of projects and improve aging roads. In 1989, the gas tax was set at 21.40 cents per gallon to help fund this project. Through the 1990s and early 2000s, the department began working on ways to improve efficiency and involve communities.

Paragraph 15: Left unprotected by Cincinnati in the 1992 MLB Expansion Draft, Hoffman was selected by the Florida Marlins with the eighth pick in the first round. In his first major league season in 1993, Hoffman learned by observing Marlins closer Bryan Harvey's balanced demeanor. After earning two saves in 29 appearances with the Marlins as an unknown rookie, Hoffman was traded midseason to the San Diego Padres during San Diego's 1993 fire sale. The Padres sent third baseman Gary Sheffield and pitcher Rich Rodriguez to the Marlins for Hoffman and pitching prospects José Martínez and Andrés Berumen. Padres general manager Randy Smith said at the time, "The only way to acquire quality players is to give up quality." The year before, Sheffield had won the NL batting title and made a run at the Triple Crown. Smith insisted that Florida include Hoffman in the deal. Padres fans, upset at the trade, booed Hoffman during his first several appearances. He allowed three runs in his one-inning debut with San Diego, eight runs over his first three outings, and blew his first save opportunity as a Padre. He pitched 39 games for San Diego, who finished the season with 101 losses, and ended his rookie season with 79 strikeouts in 90 innings with a 3.90 ERA and five saves.

Paragraph 16: During the conquest of southern Italy, Hollenbeck moved northward with the troops and was one of the first correspondents to begin broadcasting from Naples when the Army Signal Corps set up transmitters for the correspondents. But at Salerno he was stricken with malaria, then with jaundice and ordered back home:       The first big event for me in covering the news over there was at Salerno, just south of the town. I'll never forget it! We were on a headquarters ship and had put the commanding officer ashore, then for a while feared we couldn't get the rest of the people off. We were under heavy fire, so had to back off and spend that morning shuttling back and forth in the bay with German aircraft overhead and German '88' guns on shore, and behind us our own destroyers and cruisers bombarding the shore positions, so it was not a very pleasant cruise we had around the gulf of Salerno... I had a wire recorder with me and was on top of the landing craft trying to make some records at the time.       Asked what kind of protection there was after these forces had landed, Hollenbeck replied:       You hope there is air cover. We had difficulty that way because our forces were based in Sicily. They had to fly all the way, and it didn't give them very much gas to spend over our heads. We looked for those planes most of the time.       From Stars and Stripes September 20, 1943:       Don Hollenbeck of NBC sent back from Italy one of the most dramatic recordings we've ever heard. Against a backdrop of gunfire Don gave a vivid description of the bitter battle raging about him as he stood on the shore with microphone in hand and a portable recorder on his back. Interviews with the boys engaged in the fight were outstanding.  A wire recorder was used for this broadcast from the beach at Salerno. On the hair-fine thread of steel wound on that small spool every sound of battle was inscribed, then relayed to Algiers and short-waved to the United States on September 17. In such fashion history is chronicled today with complete fidelity even while in the making, and that in itself is history.

Paragraph 17: Indonesia is said to have the largest cassette industry in the world. Given the country's cultural and ethnic diversity, the recording industry, and the cassette industry in particular, has displayed great complexity in its structure and in how it serves the many ethnically distinct regions of the country. While the CD and the advent of digital technology has affected the production, dissemination and consumption of Indonesian popular music, cassette tapes remain the preferred source of recorded popular music for most Indonesians. The continued viability of the cassette medium in Indonesia springs from the fact that an audio cassette and the technology required to play it—-a simple cassette player/recorder—-are within the financial means of most Indonesians, including the peasant class. As cassettes and cassette players have penetrated the remotest villages in Indonesia, they have also become part of the vernacular. For example, in addition to the older word ngrekam ("to record"), contemporary Javanese now includes words for the process of recording onto a commercial cassette: "Gendhing kuwi wis dikasetkz" ("That piece has already been recorded on commercial cassette."). Much of what is available can be classified as "popular" music," including pop Berat (Western pop) and pop Indonesia (Indonesian pop). Also in abundance is pop Daerah, or regional pop, which is found all across Indonesia. Virtually all genres of pop Daerah are dependent on the cassette medium for their audience. Some Pop Daerah genres are little more than cassette-company experiments, generating only a few performers and a handful of tapes, but others are firmly established, with many performers and steady production. Four genres—-Pop Batak, Pop Minang, Pop Sunda, and Pop Jawa—-are especially solid. In the case of these four, some of the production comes out of Jakarta, relying upon Jakarta-based musicians and Jakarta facilities for recording, printing and distribution. However, most of the other regional genres are produced in their home regions (or in the nearby big cities). As a result, the cassette industry is national, regional, and local in character. The broad marketing of cassettes has not led to a musical homogenization or a weakening of regional styles. Rather, local cassette industries have promoted regional styles because, rather than being large national corporations, they are regional "backyard" enterprises that record, dub, and market local music primarily for local consumption. Commercial cassettes have also shaped the reputations of popular music performers, significantly raising the prestige and earning power of some recording artists while lowering them for others. Scholars have noted a trend towards the equalization of status for genres and marginal traditions through the distribution of cassettes; the cassette industry is said to act as a leveler, blurring the older status distinctions that were still in place a generation ago.

Paragraph 18: The outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861 disrupted mail service along the Butterfield Overland Mail's southern stagecoach route from St. Louis, Missouri via El Paso, Fort Yuma and Los Angeles and on to San Francisco via the Tejon Pass, which had begun its run in 1858. To compensate, the government contracted the Butterfield Company to carry mail between Los Angeles and San Francisco via the new wagon road over the Santa Susana Pass. The first overland mail stage run through the pass took place on April 6, 1861. The main route climbs through what is now Santa Susana Pass State Historic Park, with a branch in L.A. City Park 'Chatsworth Park South.' It was an important artery linking the Los Angeles Basin and inland Ventura County, and was part of the main route for travel by stagecoach between Los Angeles and San Francisco from 1861 until the opening of rail traffic between the cities in 1876. The Old Santa Susana Stage Road is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Part of the stage road is also a Historic-Cultural Monument of Ventura County and of the City of Los Angeles under the name 'Old Stagecoach Trail.'

Paragraph 19: Southwold has had a harbour since at least Saxon times, but its importance as a port began to decline during the 19th century. In an attempt to reverse the declining fortunes of the town, the Corporation promoted it as a holiday resort, where bathing in private was available on the wide beaches. They expected the East Suffolk Railway from  to  to pass through the town, but it was built further inland, due in part to the underlying geology of the area. Although there was a horse bus service which ran to  station once a day, this was not ideal, and a request was made to the railway company for a branch line to Southwold from Halesworth in 1855. The East Suffolk Railway were not prepared to build one, and several similar schemes were proposed over the next 20 years. The Southwold and Halesworth Tramway obtained an Act of Parliament in 1872, with the intention of building a steam tramway between the two towns, using the provisions of the Tramways Act 1870, but they failed to raise sufficient funds, and the project foundered. Still there were calls for a railway, and in October 1875 two public meetings were held. Mr Charles Easton of Easton Hall chaired one in Halesworth, and the Earl of Stradbroke, who lived at Henham Hall, chaired the other in Southwold. Both were local landowners, and they invited a civil engineer called Arthur C. Pain to speak, together with Richard C. Rapier, who was part of the engineering firm of Ransomes & Rapier. Both speakers suggested that a  gauge railway would be considerably cheaper to build than a standard gauge one, and the meetings resulted in the formation of the Southwold Railway Company. Colonel Heneage Bagot-Chester was appointed as chairman, the two speakers became engineers, and the secretary was a local solicitor called H R Allen.

Paragraph 20: The Northern Branch is a railroad line that runs from Jersey City to Northvale in northeastern New Jersey, and formerly extended further into New York State. The line was constructed in 1859 by the Northern Railroad of New Jersey to connect the New York and Erie Railroad's Piermont Branch terminus in Piermont, New York, directly to Erie's primary terminal in Jersey City, initially Exchange Place, later Pavonia Terminal. In 1870 the line was extended to Nyack, New York, and continued to provide passenger service until 1966. After the Erie's unsuccessful merger with the Lackawanna Railroad to form the Erie-Lackawanna, ownership of the line passed into the hands of Conrail upon its formation in 1976 from a number of bankrupt railroads (including the E-L).

Paragraph 21: Detection of pathogens using ELISA relies on the interaction between the antigen and specific antibodies and has become a popular and cost-effective means of routine detection. In an ELISA the solid phase can be coated with the sample of interest containing the antigen. The efficiency to which the antigen binds to the solid phase is dependent on temperature, length of exposure as well as concentration. Solid phases used include nitrocellulose membranes, paper, glass, agarose and polystyrene or polyvinylchloride microtiter plates. Microtiter plates are the most widely used solid phase because they are easy to handle, allow for automation and for analysis using microtiter plate readers. A drawback of these plates is that they are highly absorptive and this increases the incidence of non-specific binding of components used in the ELISA. Non-specific binding to the plates is reduced through the use of buffers containing proteins such as casein and non-ionic detergents such as Tween 20. After coating, excess sample is removed and the plate typically treated with a 1% casein containing solution. Subsequent to this the solid phase is treated with antibodies raised against the antigen of interest. After each incubation step the plate is washed with Tween 20 containing PBS. These washing steps are aimed to wash away any non-specifically bound components. Nonspecifically bound components are less strongly bound than the specific bound ones. Detection is achieved either through the addition of an enzyme-coupled antibody or the addition and detection of a biotinylated antibody. In a system using an enzyme-coupled antibody the subsequent addition of an appropriate substrate results in the formation of a colour proportional to the amount of antigen. Alternatively the plate can be coated with antibody followed by incubation with the sample that is to be detected. This, in turn, can be detected as described above and is then referred to as the double antibody sandwich (DAS) ELISA. Both of these systems, however, have a disadvantage in that coupling of the enzyme to the antibody may result in steric hindrance which in turn may result in a loss in function of the antibody and/or the enzyme. This may be overcome through the use of a biotin-avidin or biotin-streptavidin bridge. In this type of system biotin is coupled to the antibody. The biotin molecule has no influence on the working of the antibodies and is easily detectedusing avidin or streptavidin conjugated to a suitable enzyme. Streptavidin has an extremely high affinity for biotin which results in even a higher degree of specificity than a system in which the enzyme is coupled directly the antigen. To establish whether or not the antigen is present, a substrate specific for the enzyme used is added. The enzyme then converts the substrate to a coloured product and the colour intensity can be correlated to the amount of antibodies bound and thus the amount of antigen present. A DAS-ELISA has the advantage that it can increase the specificity of the ELISA and reduce the occurrence of non-specific binding. As a result, the DAS-ELISA principle is commonly employed in ELISA’s for the detection of plant pathogens in plant sap without prior purification of the pathogen.

Paragraph 22: Returning to the U.S. from Europe, he worked his way up in the food-publishing business in New York City, New York, as a contributor to Gourmet magazine and a food-product publicist, finally becoming the food editor of The New York Times in 1957. Claiborne was the first man to supervise the food page at a major American newspaper and is credited with broadening The New York Times'''s coverage of new restaurants and innovative chefs. A typical food section of a newspaper in the 1950s was largely targeted to a female readership and limited to columns on entertaining and cooking for the upscale homemaker. Claiborne brought his knowledge of cuisine and own passion for food to the pages, transforming it into an important cultural and social bellwether for New York City and the nation at large.

Paragraph 23: The idea to create a children's hospital was born in the 1970s. At this time the Białystok Voivodeship had the lowest rate of hospital beds per 1,000 children as well as lack of academic pediatrics. At that time, the name "clinical pediatrics center of Białystok"  was used. Efforts to start the investment were started by prof. Maria Rudobielska (head of the Institute of Pediatrics at the Medical University of Bialystok at that time). It involved the then city and voivodeship authorities, university authorities (Rector Konstanty Wiśniewski) and others. As a result, on November 1, 1974, the Social Committee for the Construction of the Provincial Child Health Center in Białystok was established. Its main purpose was to collect social cash and work towards starting construction. The university also began to distribute donations among public institutions and organizations. During the year, PLN 6.5 million was collected from donations. In 1975, technical documentation was prepared and the location of the investment was determined. The construction works were to start in 1976, but the economic crisis in the country caused the investment to be removed from the investment plan of the Ministry of Health three times. The situation was not made easier by the fact that the university - also due to this crisis - had problems with completing the construction of the Collegium Pathologicum building at 13 Waszyngtona street. The cornerstone for the construction of the Institute of Paediatrics was finally laid during the inauguration of the academic year in 1981. While construction was planned to be completed within 3.5 years the target failed due to economic hardships in  Poland in the early 1980s and temporarily stopped. The breakthrough in the implementation of the investment happened in 1987-1990. On December 1, 1987, at the request of the then Rector of the Medical University of Bialystok, prof. Zbigniew Puchalski, the minister of health Janusz Komender appointed prof. Maciej Kaczmarski to the position of hospital director. The first stage of construction was completed on October 1, 1988. During the inauguration of the academic year 1988-1989, the Children's and Youth Outpatient Clinic was opened. Order of the Minister of Health, Izabela Płaneta-Małecka, signed on December 22, 1988 formally established the University Children Clinical Hospital. The second stage of the investment implementation was performed by prof. Jan Górski. Buildings which were included in the original plan and were removed due to economic constrains were re-included and built (among them the Collegium Novum building at 15a Waszyngtona Street). Finally, in 2003, after 23 years of construction, the entire investment was officially completed. The last symbolic act was the opening of the Observation and Infection Clinic. In June 2021 an agreement was signed between the hospital and Minister of Health Adam Niedzielski on a general reconstruction of the hospital with a budget of 36 million zlotych with works due to finish by June 2023. In October 2022 the Psychiatric Center was opened, co-financed by the Podlaskie Voivodeship Marshal's Office and the central Polish government, and house a new day-hospitalization department for psychiatric care. The Center was constructed at 2 Wołodyjowskiego Street, in the place of the former so-called the "Swedish House", which was once the seat of the hospital administration and demolished in 2017.

Paragraph 24: Sundari (Devika) a tribal beauty captured by Kalinga Bhupati Kamavardhanudu (Rajanala) when he tries to molest her, she kills him and escapes. The soldiers follow her and she was saved by a Prince, Jayachandra (N. T. Rama Rao). Jayachandra loves her at first sight, but he learns that she hates Kings. So, he acts as an ordinary soldier, takes her to the fort where he reforms her as a wise woman and marries her with the permission of his parents (Mukkamala & S. Varalakshmi). Meanwhile, Vahini (Vijaya Nirmala), a heavenly dancer arrives at earth who sees Jayachandra, falls for him and takes away. At earth, the King, Queen and Sundari are worried about the Prince's disappearance. In heaven, Jayachandra did not yield to the love of Vahini. After some time, he requests her to meet his wife for a night. So, she brings Sundari to heaven where both of them unknowingly drink the divine drink nectar Amurtham and sleep, when she awakes, she is back in the palace. Nobody believes her acquaintance with Jayachandra when she becomes pregnant and the King gives her the death sentence. Due to the nectar, she became immortal, as a result, soldiers could not kill and leave her in the forest where tribal people gives her shelter. After that, she gives birth to a baby boy and gives him away to King Udayarka (Dhulipala). Mohini (L. Vijayalakshmi) sister of Vahini also attracted towards Jayachandra. She sprays a medicine on him, by which Jayachandra forgets his past. After facing so many troubles, Sundari lands at a brothel house. Twenty years roll by, due to immortality, Sundari did not lose her beauty, but she protects her chastity and her child Balarka (Nagaraju) also grows up. Once he rescues Sundari and she recognizes him as his son. Balarka inquires about her and goes to meet her where he listens to the conversation of a cow & calf that a person in lust cannot recognize the relationships. Now Sundari could not face her son and jumps into the fire, but she was protected by a cowherd couple. In heaven, Jayachandra gets rid of Vahini & Mohini and returns. After reaching the earth, Jayachandra reveals the entire facts to his parents when they reply, Sundari has been sentenced but he remembers that she is immortal. At present, he is in search of her. Parallelly, Balarka finds out Sundari as his mother, so, he too goes moves. Finally, all of them meet in the forest and the movie ends on a happy note with the reunion of the family.

Paragraph 25: The Catholic Encyclopedia (1907–14) writes: "The view that Bethulia is merely a symbolic name for Jerusalem or a fictitious town, has met with little favor, even among those who deny the historical character of the book. Bethulia is clearly distinguished from Jerusalem (; the references throughout the article being to the fuller Greek text), and the topographical details" show that "the story, even if it be only a pious romance, is connected with a definite place. Its site, however, is in dispute. Beside Sanur, Mithilîyeh or Misilîyeh, Tell Kheibar and Beit-Ilfa, which have divided opinion for some time, Haraiq el-Mallah, Khirbet Sheikh Shibel, el-Bârid and Sichem (Bethulia being considered a pseudonym) have [as of the beginning of the 20th century] recently been proposed as sites of Bethulia." However, The Jewish Encyclopedia (1901–1906) considers "fort Sânûr", Guérin's choice for Bethulia, to be too far south, which applies to a smaller degree also to Mithilîyeh (Misilyah), the only candidate with a name even slightly similar to that of the biblical town. The Catholic Encyclopedia further writes: "The city was situated on a mountain overlooking the plain of Jezrael, or Esdrelon, and commanding narrow passes to the south (); at the foot of the mountain there was an important spring, and other springs were in the neighborhood (). Moreover it lay within investing lines which ran through Dothain, or Dothan, now Tell Dothân, to Belthem, or Belma, no doubt the same as the Belamon of , and thence to Kyamon, or Chelmon, "which lies over against Esdrelon" (). These data point to a site on the heights west of Jenin (Engannim), between the plains of Esdrelon and Dothan, where Haraiq, Kh. Sheikh Shibel, and el-Bârid lie close together. Such a site best fulfills all requirements. It lies between lines drawn from Tell Dothân to Belʽema, probably Belma, or Belamon, and from the latter to el-Yâmûn, probably Kyamon; there are a number of springs and wells in the neighborhood, and nearby are the two passes of Kefr Adân and Burqîn, so narrow in places that two horsemen cannot ride abreast. One of the three above-named places is in all probability the site of ancient Bethulia. The other sites are all deficient in some essential requirement." The Jewish Encyclopedia also finds el-Bârid, a place west of Jenin, as a quite plausible candidate on topographical grounds.

Paragraph 26: In B-Pit, as Kenta, Benkei and Yu enters the shop, they found Masamune go back home, suffering an injury while brought a wounded Ryutaro. Masamune tells them that Sol Blaze is stronger than the group thought, and collapses before he can reach Kenta and the others. Ginga, enraged by this, is about to storm off to fight Helios, but Masamune tells him only the water symbol can beat Sol Blaze. From the WBBA headquarters, Ryo tells Gingka that Sol Blaze is the Orihalcon bey that destroyed Atlantis in the first place. Then, Ginga begins the trip to stop Sol Blaze, joined by Benkei, Masamune, Kenta, Madoka and Yu. They arrive in there by riding a helicopter. Then, Gingka convinces Helios to stop the rise of Atlantis, but Helios declines. Gingka tells him that Sol Blaze is the dangerous Orihalcon bey and Helios was convinced at first, but Bakin makes him declines once more. Then, Bakin commands Helios to crush them. Ginga was enraged a little, but Masamune says whatever you say, it will be useless. Then Masamune recklessly launches Ray Striker, but Helios defeats him with ease. Even he continues to attack Ray Striker. In order to stop Helios from attacking Ray Striker, Benkei, Kenta and Yu launch their beys. This doesn't help much as Helios uses his special move, Blaze Execution, thus almost burning Dark Bull, Flame Sagittario, Flame Libra and Ray Striker. Kenta begs Helios to stop. Then they were saved by Ginga who challenges Helios to a battle. Helios and Gingka start the battle. Gingka is seen stronger than before. Both bladers use their full power and command their special moves. Gingka uses his special move Galaxy Nova to defeat Sol Blaze. Helios is disappointed but Bakin tells him that he did  very well. Bakin says that he only needed Pegasus and Blaze to battle with their full power and the result didn't matter. Then Bakin explains his complete plan. His plan was to use Pegasus and Blaze's power to drop Adonis on earth which would destroy all civilizations on earth. Then he would rebuild Atlantis on it. Everyone including Helios was surprised to hear Bakin's plans. Helios is completely stunned to understand that what he believed throughout his life was not true. Gingka and co. tried to stop Helios' grandfather but they get surrounded by Bakin's bladers. Helios decides to stop his grandfather's evil intentions. He uses Sol Blaze to take out Bakin's bladers. Gingka and Helios respectively launch Galaxy Pegasus and Sol Blaze to fight against Bakin's bey Dark Poseidon. While Dark Poseidon was fighting against Galaxy Pegasus and Sol Blaze, Kyoya's Rock Leone appear out of nowhere. Kyoya tells Gingka and Helios to go to space and destroy Adonis. Kyoya's Rock Leone defeats Dark Poseidon. Meanwhile, Gingka and Helios takes a rocket to space. With the power of Pegasus and Blaze, Gingka and Helios destroys Adonis and save the earth.

Paragraph 27: In the autumn of 1943 the design bureau of the Stalin Ural Tank Factory No. 183, located in Nizhny Tagil (in the Ural Mountains, where most of the Soviet tank industry had been evacuated after Operation Barbarossa in 1941), started working on a vehicle that would have improvement opportunities in the future, under a direct order from Joseph Stalin. The intention was to retain the high mobility of the T-34 and provide it with heavier armour protection against modern tank guns. In November 1943, the chief designer, A. A. Morozov, presented the overall design of the vehicle and a model of the tank, which received the designation T-44 (Ob'yekt 136). The first prototype was completed by January 1944 and two more were completed in February. The first two prototypes were armed with 85mm D-5T guns and received the designation T-44-85, while the third prototype was armed with the 122mm D-25-44T tank gun and received the designation T-44-122. The D-25-44T tank gun was very similar to the basic D-25 field gun, but differed in some minor details including fixed single-piece ammunition to increase the rate of fire and a double-baffle muzzle brake. What allowed fitting such powerful armament in a medium tank weighing 30 tonnes was the construction of the hull with an innovative placement of the engine. Unlike most tanks, in the T-44 the engine was placed perpendicular to the axis of the tank. The hull was designed without sponsons. It was also much wider which made the crew compartment bigger and allowed the turret to be placed over the center part of the vehicle. This reduced the overall length of the vehicle. The thickness of the armour was 75mm on the front of the hull and 90mm on the front of the turret. The side armour was 45 mm thick and could be reinforced by 30 mm thick additional armour plate. All three prototypes were powered by the V-2IS diesel engine which developed 500 hp (373 kW). This first generation of prototypes featured a raised cast driver's hatch with an opening vision flap as well as mounting bolts in a ring around the base of the gun tube.

Paragraph 28: stated by the Church Committee to renovate the building. Approval was accorded by the then Chief Electrical Engineer, Janab M.Hayath, during his visit to Jog in the month of November 1948, for renovating the building, as it was required by rules. An appeal for funds, approved by His Lordship the Bishop of Mysore, was sent up all round. The Catholic workers of Jog, though poor, readily responded to the appeal by contributing their mite both by cash and free labour. The mound all around the Chapel was levelled by the voluntary labour of the Catholics, the cost of which was then estimated to about Rs. 1500/-. Then the mud walled Chapel was dismantled and the foundation for the Church was laid by His Lordship on 2 June 1948. The construction of the Church was entrusted to Government Contractor Sriyuths V. Lakkanna and Krishna lyengar, who did the work on most economic and concessional rates, and the work was completed by the end of 1949. During the construction of the Church, Mass was being said in Mr. D'Sa's Bungalow. The total cost of the building excluding free labour (free labour was estimated at about Rs. 2000/-) was about Rs.2500/- In the efforts were continued for collecting funds, both for the construction and maintenance of the Church. and Mr. & Mrs. D’Sa along with the Committee members, paid personal interest in collecting funds both from and outside Jog. Mr. D’Sa took keen interest in collecting funds even from Mangalore and other places, Mr. J.L.D’Sa was in direct management of Church affairs, as the President of the Catholic Association, from the year 1945 to 1955 November, when he was transferred to Bangalore on promotion as the Chief Electrical Engineer. The Catholics of Jog gave grand party to D'Sa family, on the eve of the Parish Feast on 7 November 1955. The distinguished guests who graced the occasion were, Sri H.V.Narayana Rao, General Superintendent Jog (Presided),Rev. Father Aug F D'Souza, Parish Priest, Sagar, Father Joseph D’Souza, Parish Priest, Shimoga, Father AFernandes, Parish Priest, Hosanagar. A beautiful Picture of Christ the King, mounted in pure silver frame Was presented to D'Sa family, as token of love and gratitude from the Catholics of Jog. A farewell address both in English and Kannada was read on the occasion, at which Mr. D'Sa was requested to continue his patronage over the Catholic Community of Jog, by continuing to be the President (in absentia) of the Association. The following are some of the important works carried out by the Church Committee, during the direct management of Mr.D'Sa:

Paragraph 29: In the fall of 2009 the Institute of Medicine recommended updates and revisions to the school lunch and breakfast programs, at the request of U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). The committee reviewed the current regulations for the National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program Nutrition Standards and Meal Requirements. The planning model used to develop current nutritional standards and related meal requirements is based on legislation (USDA,1995) that provided specifications for use of 1995 Dietary Guidelines for American and the 1989 Recommended Dietary Allowances (NRC, 1989). To meet its task, the IOM committee also reviewed and assessed the food and nutritional needs of school-aged children in the United States using the 2005 Dietary Guidelines for Americans set by the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and USDA, as well as the IOM’s Dietary Reference Intakes (DRI). The committee recommends numerous revisions and that emphasis be placed on revised Meal Requirements rather than on nutrients per se. The committee’s recommended new approach clearly focuses on providing meals that are consistent with the Dietary Guidelines for Americans. The final report, School Meals: Building Blocks for Healthy Children was released in November 2009.  The committee recommended that the USDA adopt standards for menu planning, including:

Paragraph 30: Traditionally, commands would be passed from the senior officer on the bridge to stations dispersed throughout the ship, where physical control of the ship was exercised, as technology did not exist for the remote control of steering or machinery. Helm orders would be passed to an enclosed wheel house, where the coxswain or helmsman operated the ship's wheel. Engine commands would be relayed to the engine officer in the engine room by an engine order telegraph that displayed the captain's orders on a dial. The engine officer would ensure that the correct combination of steam pressure and engine revolutions were applied. Weatherproof pilot houses supplanted open bridges so that the pilot, who was traditionally the ship's navigating officer, could issue commands from shelter.