Paragraph 1: The Albertina is a museum in the Innere Stadt (First District) of Vienna, Austria. It houses one of the largest and most important print rooms in the world with approximately 65,000 drawings and approximately 1 million old master prints, as well as more modern graphic works, photographs and architectural drawings.  Apart from the graphics collection the museum has recently acquired on permanent loan two significant collections of Impressionist and early 20th-century art, some of which will be on permanent display. The museum also houses temporary exhibitions. The museum had 360,073 visitors in 2020, down 64 percent from 2019 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but still ranked 55th in the List of most-visited art museums in the world.

Paragraph 2: The crispness of Baskerville's work seems to have unsettled (or perhaps provoked jealousy in) his contemporaries, and some claimed the stark contrasts in his printing damaged the eyes. Baskerville was never particularly successful as a printer, being a printer of specialist and elite editions, something not helped by the erratic standard of editing in his books. Abroad, however, he was much admired (if not directly imitated, at least not his style of type design), notably by Pierre Simon Fournier, Giambattista Bodoni and Benjamin Franklin (who had started his career as a printer), who wrote him a letter praising his work. His work was later admired in England by Thomas Frognall Dibdin, who wrote that 'in his Italic letter...he stands unrivalled; such elegance, freedom and perfect symmetry being in vain to be looked for among the specimens of Aldus and Colinaeus...Baskerville was a truly original artist, he struck out a new method of printing in this country and may be considered as the founder of that luxuriant style of typography at present so generally prevails; and which seems to have attained perfection in the neatness of Whittingham, the elegance of Bulmer and the splendour of Bensley." Thomas Curson Hansard in 1825 seems to have had misgivings about his work, praising his achievement in some ways but also suggesting that he was a better printer than a type designer. On his death his widow Sarah eventually sold his material to a Paris literary society connected to Beaumarchais, placing them out of reach of British printing. A. F. Johnson however cautions that some perhaps over-patriotic British writers on type design have over-estimated Baskerville's influence on continental type design: "there seems to be no trace of a Baskerville school outside Great Britain, except of course in the use of actual Baskerville types. Didot proceeded from the "romains du roi" and would have so proceeded if Baskerville had never printed. Even in England, where there was a Baskerville period in typography, the modern face came from the French, and not as a development from Baskerville."

Paragraph 3: The flight of the Macrotus Is remarkable chiefly for its extreme maneuverability. The bat flies fairly rapidly on occasion, but the usual foraging flight is slow and buoyant, and more nearly silent that of most bats. In level flight Macrotus wings make a soft fluttering sound that is less sharp and carrying than the sounds made by the wing beats of most other bats. The method of landing is most interesting. The bat flies six to eight inches below the ceiling and upon the wings making a deep down stroke that is directed nearly straight forward the hind limbs and uropatagium. These movements cause the bat to swoop upward toward the ceiling and as the bat nears the ceiling the wings are pulled back in an upstroke while the bat rolls over 180 degrees so that its back is facing downward and the long legs reach for the ceiling. Stated briefly, then the alighting maneuver consists of an upward swoop and a half-roll, at the end of which the feet wing rapidly toward the ceiling, seize it, and the wings give a final beat to steady the bat. Often these landings must require remarkably precise judgement of speed and distance, as many landings are made in the midst of a fairly closely spaced group of bats. Macrotus has two main methods of launching into flight, by dropping form the ceiling and taking flight after a short downward swoop, and by taking flight directly form the roosting place. The bat often hovers, both when foraging and when flying in its daytime retreat. Macrotus seems to hover easily, and it’s able to hover for several seconds at a time. These bats usually forage within three feet of the ground and often drop down closer to the ground nearer the surface where they can occasionally hover for a few seconds. Even bats released in the daytime flew fairly close to the ground. Leaf-nosed bats seem to be totally insectivorous, and their food clearly reflects the bats’ foraging habits. Some insects regularly eaten by Macrotus are almost certainly taken from the ground or from vegetation. The bats’ stomachs often contain orthopteran insects, noctuid moths and caterpillars, and beetles of the families Scarabaeidae and Carabidae, along with unidentified material. The lists of food items of Macrotus contain a plethora of insects that seldom fly, are flightless, or that fly in the daytime; this constitutes strong evidence that this bat consumes insects that are on the ground or on vegetation. Most leaf-nosed bats forage sometime between one hour after sundown and four hours after sundown, and then retire to a night roosting place. Actually, each bat seems to have a pre-midnight foraging period of roughly one hour. The greatest activity in the early morning seems to occur between two and one half hours before sunrise and thirty minutes before sunrise. Bats generally begin returning with full stomachs to their daytime roosts about two hours before sunrise, and the last bats usually return approximately twenty minutes before sunrise.

Paragraph 4: In the beginning of his career he directed only short films: Venice in September (1983), Thirty Years of Insomnia (1984), and Backstage (1988). Caranfil made his feature film debut with E Pericoloso Sporgersi (1993) and continued with road movie comedy Asfalt tango starring Charlotte Rampling (1996) and with Dolce far niente (1998). His movie Filantropica (2002) was a critical success and increased Caranfil's popularity. Some consider Nae Caranfil to be the best Romanian director of the 1990s. Nae Caranfil wrote the screenplay for all his movies and worked on the music for the first two of them (E Pericoloso Sporgersi and Asfalt-tango).

Paragraph 5: Gongura'pacchadi, a form of chutney or relish, is a quintessential part of  Andhra cuisine. Telugu people, mainly from Andhra Pradesh, locally call it  (mother Andhra) in Telugu due to its significance in their daily diet. While it has many culinary uses, the most popular version is the pickled form. Although Gongura is widely consumed in homes all over Andhra Pradesh, Gongura is more popular in hotels, restaurants, eateries and food joints. It is also grown in Karnataka, Odisha,Telangana, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh (north east region of India) and some parts of Chittagong Hill Tracts region in Bangladesh (which is mainly a tribal people region). It is a popular green vegetable in Chakma community and it is known as "Aamelli".  Similarly, Gongura is popular in Tamil Nadu as well, and is called  () in Tamil. In Odisha it's known as  () or  (). In Kerala it is called  (),  () or  (). It is popular in North and Central Karnataka cuisines as " ()", and is regularly eaten with Jollad (Jowar) rotti. The famous combination with  is /, which once used to be a regular food for the people in villages (since these items are easily available in agricultural forms). In Marathi, it is called  (). And is specially prepared to a stew and served to goddess Mahalakshmi/Gauri during the annual festival of Mahalakshmi which falls on three days in between the ten days Ganesha Chaturthi festival in Maharashtra. It is known as   in Hindi, Kotrum in Jharkhand,  in Bengali, Amaari in Chhattisgarhi, Pandi/Pundi SOPPU  in Kannada, Anthur in Mizo, Sougri in Manipuri,  in Punjabi, Aamelli in Chakma, Mwitha in Bodo, Kenaf Leaves in English, and Chin Baung in Chinese. It is a summer crop, and the hotter the place, the more sour the leaf gets.

Paragraph 6: Meanwhile, Michael finds out from the newspaper that Hussien schemes where the latter plans to announce to the press about a fraud casino ship project to scam patrons, Michael plans to expose Hussien and prove himself to be the true Knight of Gamblers. With the help of Sing, Michael manages to win enough funds from Brother Kau's gambling den and confronts Hussien on his ship the next day to face off with him. However, Hussein's ship is surveilled with high technology to help him cheat and since Sing lost his supernatural power, Michael loses. When Michael attempts to calls his mentor in Brazil to expose Hussein to the press, he discovers Tat and Ng have been captured and backs off. While feeling hopeless, Sam scolds Michael and Sing before returning to Kuwaiti to fight for his country, which motivates to confront Hussein at his ship again the next day. Knife publicly asks Hussein for HK$20, which he is able to use and win HK$25 million while Sing (having freed Tat and Lung) helps him distract Tai-kwan, allowing him to enter into the King of Cards competition. Although Hussein. As other players are eliminated, Michael, Sing, Hussein and Tai-kwan at the table. While Hussein and Tai-kwan try to cheat, Michael and Sing work together and eventually defeat Hussein and causes Tai-kwan to lose his supernatural power. Hussein's henchmen attempt to kill them, but Michael, Sing takes them down with the help of Ng and his younger sister, Kowloon (Monica Chan) and Michael exposes Hussein to the public before flykicking his face with Sing. In the end, Michael proposes a plan to Sing where the two agree to give each other their winnings, since Ko demands Michael to donate most of his winnings to charity and Sing would lose his powers if he spends his winnings, but Ko arrives to interrupt them.

Paragraph 7: Leo Finlay of Sounds gave Trailblazer three and a half stars out of five, remarking that it "repeats [eight] of Allroy's Revenge's tracks, and while none are treated drastically differently the live sound makes for an even more compelling mix. The new tracks show no loss of energy either [...] You won’t find anything great lyrically here, but for sheer good-time rock 'n' roll it'd be hard to match 'Fool' or 'She's My Ex', and the ridiculously manic, yet catchy, instrumental 'Gnutheme' just has to be played repeatedly. It'll never be a case of ALL or nothing, but this is one of those little gems you'll keep going back to." Jon Matsumato of BAM commented that "Trailblazer certainly isn't a trailblazing album, but as far as live LPs go, this is like riding shotgun on the band's tour van as it screams down Route 66 [...] the quartet hardly even bothers to stop to catch its collective breath. Songs segue together with such frequency that you end up with what seems like several marathon slam-jams [...] Though new-ish vocalist Scott Reynolds is merely serviceable, the rest of the band is in fine fettle. Billy Stevenson's hammering drum shots are still lethal weapons, while Stephen Egerton also serves up some marvelously warped Black Flag-ish guitar parts." Chris Morris of Musician said that "the club date caught herein captures the sweetly cranked-up fervor that has become the quartet's hallmark. Vocalist Scott Reynolds' work is rawer here than on All's more polished yet still febrile studio records, but the explosive tenderness of numbers like 'Fool', 'Skin Deep', and 'She’s My Ex' combines the songwriting assets of the Buzzcocks and early Black Flag. A review in Billboard called the album "a tightly wound exposition of their hearty, cleverly wrought post-adolescent rockers, played with bash-out energy and knowingly sung by Scott Reynolds.".

Paragraph 8: The IHB is jointly owned by Conrail Shared Assets Operations (51%) and Canadian Pacific Railway (49%). These shareholders trace their ownership stake in IHB to previous mergers and acquisitions in the railroad industry.  Conrail's ownership is traced back to the Penn Central Transportation Company and prior to that, the New York Central Railroad and Pennsylvania Railroad.  Canadian Pacific's ownership is through its subsidiary, the Soo Line, which inherited it from the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as the "Milwaukee Road"). Also, the IHB's northern terminus is the Milwaukee District/West Line in Franklin Park, Illinois, which is operated by Metra and Canadian Pacific.

Paragraph 9: Blue-Sky Research garnered mixed reviews from music critics who admired the genre shift and lush production but found it wasted with angst-filled lyrics. Corey Hoffy of AbsolutePunk praised the album for Wright's stellar production, the band's controlled instrumentation and Richards's lyrics approaching close to political territory, concluding that "this remains their most complex and best album to date." Vik Bansal of musicOMH praised the band for taking a melodic approach to the record along with their standard nu-metal formula, concluding that "Depending on your point of view, Blue-Sky Research will either come across as hopelessly unfocused or else one of the more ambitious and versatile rock albums to emerge for quite a while. With the consistent strength of the tunes here, I lean towards the latter." Johnny Loftus of AllMusic found the self-deprecating lyrics formulaic at times but found the contributions of Corgan and Matranga to the record a nice addition to the band's improved musicianship, saying that "even without the hired guns Blue-Sky Research is the most dynamic Taproot album yet (the self-penned "So Eager" proves that), and the album's heightened textures and less predictable turns successfully updates the band's sound." Rolling Stones Christian Hoard said that despite the band adding elements of modern rock and electronica to its brand of nu-metal, the album's songs get "dragged down by melodrama and the kind of adenoidal choruses that Incubus do much better." Mikael Wood, writing for Blender, felt that the band was starting to become a relic of its given genre, saying that "On their third album, their lean Everydude grind—processed guitars stacked atop booming arena-rock drums—probes their feelings of insignificance in an all-too-workmanlike fashion."

Paragraph 10: Divya Nair of Rediff rated the film 4 out of 5 stars and wrote "With ample whistle podu moments, Vikram is a macho blockbuster that shouldn't be missed". Soundarya Athimuthu of The Quint rated the film 4 out of 5 stars and wrote "Lokesh Kanagaraj has loaded Vikram with a battalion of characters but he has ensured that all of them have their due scope to perform, even though some might have lesser screen time including Ulaganaayagan". A critic for Pinkvilla rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "Kamal Haasan is a visual delight in this action thriller". Ashameera Aiyappan of Firstpost rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "One glimpse of Kamal Haasan in Lokesh Kanagaraj's Vikram and you just know he is the G.O.A.T". Sowmya Rajendran of The News Minute rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "Lokesh must be applauded for not wasting time on fanboy tributes to the superstar on board, and sticking to telling the story". Manoj Kumar R of The Indian Express rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "Vikram is only the beginning. In the climax, Lokesh teases at least three separate movies that could branch out from this one. A critic for Zee News rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "Vikram works if one looks at it as just an action entertainer". Vivek M V of Deccan Herald rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "Lokesh has found his own voice and his fast yet admirable growth promises exciting things going forward". Josh Hurtado of The Austin Chronicle rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "An incredible booming background score from Anirudh Ravichandar, and some very fun surprises throughout, Vikram is definitely among the year's best Tamil films". Haricharan Pudipeddi of Hindustan Times stated that "Anirudh Ravichander's music, especially the background score, plays a pivotal role in amplifying the overall experience of watching Vikram on the big screen, apart from the terrific action sequences. Suriya's brief but powerful cameo is just the high one needs as you step out of Vikram." Srivatsan S of The Hindu stated that "The new ‘Vikram’ disappoints the fans of the 1986 original and could have been a standalone film with Fahadh Faasil carrying on the legacy of the agent like in the James Bond films."

Paragraph 11: In early 1998, Activision approached by developer Neversoft to develop a skateboarding racing game, in order to capitalize on the growing popularity of the sport. The idea of a racing game was abandoned in development after Neversoft showed the adaptability of the control engine to various maneuvers. Members of the team were fans of Sega's Top Skater, which they played at a local arcade, and that served as a basic influence on the game's original concept. However, Top Skater had a racing element, which the team moved away from as they began studying real-life skaters. To make the gameplay seem as real as possible, company founder Joel Jewett had a halfpipe built in his backyard and started skateboarding with his coworkers. Also, motion capture was used to make the skateboarding moves seem as realistic as possible. To distance the franchise from other games, the developers opted for licensing modern rock songs, in contrast to the classic music usual for video games at that time. The first game was developed within a year by a 12-person team, and Tony Hawk was added as the face of the franchise late in development. A month before the release of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater for PlayStation in 1999, Hawk successfully performed a 900 at that year's X Games, which resulted in huge press coverage of the sport and helped boost sales. Also, the inclusion of the game on the Jampack demo for the PlayStation generated further hype, as players were overwhelmed by the unique gameplay. The huge success of the game prompted Neversoft to vastly expand its production staff in order to be able to release Tony Hawk's games on a yearly basis. Neversoft held true to that ambition and released Pro Skater 2 and Pro Skater 3 in 2000 and 2001, respectively. Both games retained mostly the same gameplay as their predecessor, along with some improvements. The two games were the most critically acclaimed games for their respective consoles and still rank among the highest rated games of all time. Furthermore, Pro Skater 3 was the first PlayStation 2 game to feature online gameplay. Also, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2x, a compilation of the first two games, was released as a launch title for the Xbox in 2001. 2002 saw the release of Pro Skater 4, and by this time, the franchise was among the best-selling video game franchises in the world. This was reflected in the manpower Activision and Neversoft invested in the franchise, as the employees working on the game had grown from 12 for the first entry to 150 and there were significantly more skaters featured, all of which received considerable royalties.

Paragraph 12: In 1512 an act had been passed depriving all murderers and felons not in holy orders of benefit of clergy. This act, though its duration was limited to a single year, was vehemently denounced by Richard Kidderminster, abbot of Winchcombe, in a sermon preached at Paul's Cross in 1505, as altogether contrary to the law of God and the liberties of the church. The defence of the act was undertaken by Standish, warden of the Friars Minors. The general question of the amenability of the clergy to the temporal courts was thus raised and hotly debated, the controversy being further exacerbated by a murder committed by the direction of the Bishop of London on one Richard Hunne, who had rendered himself obnoxious to the clergy. The ferment of the public mind being general and extreme, the judges and the council were assembled by order of the king first at Blackfriars and subsequently at Baynard's Castle, for a solemn conference upon the entire question. On the latter occasion a very dramatic incident occurred in which Fineux played a principal part. Towards the close of the debate the Archbishop of Canterbury cited the authority of 'divers holy fathers' against the pretensions of the temporal courts to try clerical offenders; to which Fineux replied that 'the arraignment of clerks had been maintained by divers holy kings, and sundry good holy fathers of the church had been obedient and content with the practice of the law on this point; which it was not to be presumed they would have been if they had believed or supposed that it was altogether contrary to the law of God; on the other hand they [the clergy] had no authority by their law to arraign any one of felony.' The archbishop having interposed that they had sufficient authority, but without saying when or whence they derived it, Fineux continued that 'in the event of a clerk being arrested by the secular power and then committed to the spiritual court at the instance of the clergy, the spiritual court had no jurisdiction to decide the case, but had only power to do with him according to the intention and purpose for which he had been remitted to them.' To this, the archbishop making no reply, the king said : 'By the ordinance and sufferance of God . . . we intend to maintain the right of our crown, and of our temporal jurisdiction, as well in this point as in all other points, in as ample a manner as any of our progenitors have done before our time; and as for your decrees, we are well assured that you of the spirituality yourselves act expressly against the tenor of them, as has been well shown to you by some of our spiritual council, wherefore we will not comply with your desires more than our progenitors in times past have done.' Shortly after this emphatic declaration, the assembly was dissolved. Fineux's statement of the law on this occasion was referred to by Lord Chancellor Ellesmere in the case of the Post nati in 1608 as a precedent in favour of the authority of the extrajudicial opinions of judges then beginning to be seriously impugned.

Paragraph 13:  O EmmanuelHeaven-Haven (2013) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by Gerard Manley Hopkins.Let Beauty Be Our Memorial (2013) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by J.A.C. Redford.Sound Becoming Song (2013) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of Ode to St. Cecilia by Malcolm Guite.Treasures in Heaven (2013) - An a cappella anthem for mixed chorus.  B Is For Bethlehem (2012) - A setting of Isabel Wilner’s Christmas alphabet for children in versions for SSA or SATB choruses with piano accompaniment.Musica Dei Donum Optimi (2012) - An a cappella fanfare for mixed chorus of the traditional Latin text.The Gift (2012) - An a cappella reverie for mixed chorus of Musica Dei Donum Optimi, combining Latin and English texts.Rest Now, My Sister (2011) - An elegy for mixed chorus and orchestra.Alleluia Amen (2011) - An a cappella anthem for mixed chorus with soprano solo.O Sapientia (2011) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a sonnet by Malcolm Guite.I Saw the Cherubim (2011) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of two sonnets by Robert Wagner.  There is also a version with orchestral accompaniment.Morning Canticles (2011) - Canticles from the Book of Common Prayer for mixed chorus and orchestra.Wake Up, My Spirit (2009) - A setting of Psalm 57 for mixed chorus with oboe and harp.What the Bird Said Early in the Year (2008) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by C. S. Lewis.In the Beauty of Holiness (2008) - A setting of combined passages from Psalms and 1 Chronicles for mixed chorus and orchestra.Glory (2008) - A Christmas anthem for mixed chorus and orchestra adapted from the second chapter of Luke.Time and a Summer's Day (2006) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of two sonnets by William Shakespeare.Of Mercy and Judgment (2005) - An anthem for choir with piano accompaniment.Evening Wind (2005) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by Marjorie W. Avery.Night Pieces (2004) - A setting of three Wordsworth nocturnes for mixed chorus and five instruments.The Martyrdom of St. Polycarp (2004) - An oratorio for mixed chorus, soloists and orchestra to a libretto by Scott Cairns.Down to the River to Pray (2003) - An a cappella arrangement by Elizabeth Ladizinsky and J.A.C. Redford of the traditional song made popular by the film, O Brother, Where Art ThouNapili Bay, 2PM (2002) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by the composer.love is the every only god (2001) - A song cycle for mixed chorus with piano accompaniment to poems by E. E. Cummings

Paragraph 14: Although Hinduism is a little-practiced religion in China, it had a significant, but indirect role in influencing Chinese culture through Buddhist beliefs, practices and traditions (which share a common Dharmic root with Hinduism) which diffused and spread to China from India from the 1st or 2nd century CE onwards. During this influence and synthesis of ideas, some terms were mapped into pre-existing concepts - raksasas as luocha, others terms were introduced - pisacas in Hinduism as pishezuo in Chinese. As a result, traces of Hinduism's influence on Chinese culture can be found in Chinese Buddhism, which has syncretized many Hindu deities within its pantheon. One example is the Chinese Buddhist belief in the Twenty-Four Devas, a grouping of protective dharmapalas of Buddhism. Twenty-one of the devas in the group consists of deities borrowed from Hinduism, including, but not limited to, Dàzìzàitiān (Shiva), Dìshìtiān (Indra), Dàfàntiān (Brahma), Jíxiáng Tiānnǚ (Lakshmi), Biàncáitiān (Saraswati) and Yánmóluówáng (Yama). Statues of the Twenty-Four Devas are enshrined in many Chinese Buddhist temples and monasteries, usually in the Mahavira Hall. Aside from the deities, other beings from Hinduism are also shared in Chinese Buddhist belief, such as the Eight Legions of Devas and Nāgas (Chinese: 天龍八部; Pinyin: Tiānlóngbābù) which includes beings like asuras, mahoragas and kinnaras. Yakshas (Chinese: 夜叉; Pinyin: Yèchā) originally from Hinduism, are a class of nature ghosts or demons in Chinese Buddhism. Belief in the Yaksha made its way to China through the Lotus Sutra, which was originally translated into Chinese by Dharmaraksa around 290 CE, before being superseded by a translation in seven fascicles by Kumārajīva in 406 CE. Garuda, the mount of Vishnu, is also well known as Jiālóuluó (Chinese: 迦楼羅; Pinyin: Jiālóuluó) or The Golden Winged Great Peng (Chinese: 金翅大鵬雕; Pinyin: Jīnchì Dàpéng Diāo). Rakshasas (Chinese: 羅剎; Pinyin: Luóchà) are also well known in Chinese communities as human-eating demons or ghosts. For example, Princess Iron Fan, a demonic antagonist from the popular 16th century novel Journey To The West is described as a rakshasi. Another example is the Lokapālas, who take the form of the Four Heavenly Kings (Chinese: 四大天王; Pinyin: Sìdà Tiānwáng) in China, Taiwan and other Chinese communities. Various bodhisattvas are also described as manifesting in the form of Hindu deities. For example, Mǎtóu Guānyīn (馬頭觀音) is a manifestation of the Bodhisattva Guanyin who takes the form of the horse-headed god Hayagriva. The another manifestation of Guanyin, Zhǔntí Guānyīn (準提觀音), known in English as Cundi, is also considered to be an adaptation of the goddess Chandi, an alternate form of the goddess Parvarti. In another example, the deva or bodhisattva Mólìzhītiān (摩利支天), known in English as Mārīcī, is also identified with Cundi and with Mahēśvarī, the consort of Maheśvara, and therefore also has the title Mātrikā (佛母 Fo mǔ), Mother of the Myriad Buddhas. Many legends and stories in Chinese folk religion, such as Nezha, have been traced to Hindu mythology, such as through the 10th century translations of Tianxizai. Hanuman is also believed by some scholars to be a source for the Chinese mythological character Sun Wukong.

Paragraph 15: Sephora UAE and KSA are regional subdivisions of Sephora. The Middle East head office was opened in February 2006 by Pierre Fayard. Since 2007, over 30 separate Sephora stores have opened across the Middle East region (UAE, KSA, Bahrain, Qatar, Kuwait). Sephora UAE and KSA provide make up and skincare products from notable brands such as Christian Dior, Laura Mercier and Kat Von D in a high tech contemporary retail environment. Sephora’s first Middle East store opened at Seef Mall in Bahrain on 7 January 2007 followed by Festival City, UAE on 1 March 2007 with a further 30 stores opening across the region since. The Sephora store in the Dubai Mall opened in December 2008 and is now ranked as the company’s number one store worldwide. In 2007, the late Sephora CEO, Jacques Levy expressed a desire to have 100 stores open across the region by 2010. A year later the international financial crisis derailed these ambitions. Levy stepped down in 2011 and died a year later. Despite this early setback Sephora have opened more than 30 more stores and introduced online shopping to the region in November 2016. In December 2017, Sephora opened ‘Gifts Beauty Park, the world's first beauty Festive playground in Dubai. The pop-up store featured fairground and makeup themed games and invited shoppers to sit down with professional Sephora makeup artists to experience the products. In March 2018, Guillaume Motte was announced as the new president of Sephora Europe and Middle East.

Paragraph 16: NEM operations began on 13 December 1998 and currently covers Queensland, New South Wales, Australian Capital Territory, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia. Western Australia and the Northern Territory are not connected to the NEM. The NEM comprises five regions, with the ACT being in the NSW region. Tasmania joined the NEM in May 2005 and became fully operational on 29 April 2006 when the Basslink interconnector was fully activated. The Snowy region was abolished as a region on 1 July 2008 and the components split between New South Wales and Victoria. The Northern Territory has adopted parts of the National Electricity Law, with the Australian Energy Market Commission becoming the rule maker for the Territory for parts of the National Electricity Rules from 1 July 2016. Western Australia is also considering adopting parts of the NER.

Paragraph 17: In 1935, Sadler concluded that the papers found in the sleeping patient's house were not a hoax, citing their "genuineness and insight", and arguing that the sleeping man was not a medium for the dead, but was used by living beings to communicate. Papers ceased appearing in the sleeping man's house in the 1930s; Sadler then took a clear role as leader of the discussion group. The forum discontinued their discussion meetings in 1942, and The Urantia Book was published in 1955; it purportedly contained information from the celestial beings who had spoken through the sleeping man. The Urantia Book presents itself as the fifth "epochal" revelation God has given to humanity, and states that its purpose is to help humanity evolve to a higher form of life. It has four sections. The first section covers the nature of God and the universe, the second describes the portions of the universe nearest to Earth and Lucifer's rebellion, the third details the history of Earth and human religions, and the fourth provides an account of Jesus's life and accompanying doctrines. Sadler maintained that the teachings of the book were "essentially Christian" and "entirely harmonious with ... known scientific facts". Although Sadler had left the Adventist church by the time The Urantia Book was published, its teachings are broadly consistent with some aspects of Adventist theology, such as soul sleep and annihilationism. Journalist Brook Wilensky-Lanford argues in her 2011 profile of the Urantia movement that Sadler's departure from the Adventist church gave him the desire to build a new religious movement, citing the emphasis that Sadler placed on the discussion of the Garden of Eden in The Urantia Book as evidence of his desire to start anew. Sadler hoped that the content of the revelation would convince people of its worth, and did not attempt to win supporters by emphasizing its author. Wilensky-Lanford argues that Sadler attempted to avoid placing an individual at the center of his beliefs owing to his disappointment in Ellen White; however, Gardner believes that Sadler placed his faith in Wilfred Kellogg as he had in White.

Paragraph 18: Even though Parma was still too far to make its landfall in northern Philippines, various transportation was suspended before the super typhoon draw near. In Catanduanes, where the first signal warning no.3 was raised, the province's power and communications were cut. Fallen trees were already in the main roads. About 30,000 families were evacuated. In addition also to the Bicol region, more than 2,000 passengers were stranded in ferry stations. 39 provinces including Metro Manila were put to signal warnings, with each place experienced massive rainfall with strong winds. Parma made its landfall at Northeastern Cagayan at 3:00pm PST/07:00 (UTC).  In Cagayan, at least 6,036 people in 39 barangays (villages) were affected, while P20.33 million worth of agricultural produce were destroyed. Also, in the Chico River was swelled due to the typhoon, making the Maguilling Overflow Bridge along the Cagayan–Apayao Road impassable. The Maharlika Highway in Ilagan, Isabela to Cagayan became hardly passable due to the trees and electric posts that fell when Pepeng battered the area. Total power interruption also crippled the provinces of Kalinga, Apayao, and the northern towns of Isabela. In Kalinga, landslides were reported on roads linking the provincial capital, Tabuk, to upland towns. In Zambales, at least 2,100 families were evacuated as Pepeng brought heavy rains causing the Bucao River to swell. The Carael section of the Zambales highway became impassable due to rising floodwaters. Due to heavy downpour, the San Roque Dam in Eastern Pangasinan and Pantabangan Dam in Nueva Ecija was forced to release huge amount of water. It caused major flooding in Tarlac which is their neighbouring province and also caused flooding Eastern and Central Pangasinan as well as Nueva Ecija. In Metro Manila the area is still experienced torrential rains and strong winds. Floodwaters continue to rise in some areas in Metro Manila and Calabarzon. In Pateros, Muntinlupa, and Taguig, in Taytay town in Rizal province, and in the towns of Biñan and San Pedro in Laguna province, the flood is not subsiding. Laguna de Bay is breaking a 90-year record in meters of water, which threatens to submerge more areas in Metro Manila. In Benguet, a landslide killed at least 200 as Tropical Depression Parma continues to bring rain across northern Luzon. Due to severe flooding, Leptospirosis became a problem that affected many. In Pasig City General Hospital alone, 30 people have been taken in for diagnosis. The Department of Health announced that there is a Leptospirosis outbreak in Marikina.

Paragraph 19: Bowie and Gabrels had initially met through Gabrels' then-wife Sara Terry, who was part of the press staff for the North American leg of Bowie's 1987 Glass Spider world tour. The two men had struck up a friendship when Gabrels visited at several tour venues. Notably, their relationship began as a social one, as Gabrels did not mention that he himself was a musician. Common interests in popular culture and the visual arts provided more than enough to talk about, Gabrels explained in later interviews, and also because he was in his wife's workplace, he felt it was not appropriate to bring up his own music. At the tour's end, Bowie kindly asked Terry if he could do anything for her. In response, Terry gave Bowie a tape of Gabrels' guitar playing. Months later, after listening to the tape, Bowie phoned Gabrels to invite him to get together to play and write. Bowie told him that he felt he had "lost his vision" and was looking for ways to get it back. After a month working together, Gabrels asked Bowie what he wanted of him, and, according to Gabrels, Bowie said "Basically, I need somebody that can do a combination of Beck, Hendrix, Belew and Fripp, with a little Stevie Ray Vaughan and Albert King thrown in. Then, when I’m not singing, you take the ball and do something with it, and when you hand the ball back to me, it might not even be the same ball."

Paragraph 20: Shortly thereafter, he moved onto the Asia Golf Circuit. In mid-March he finished joint second at the Malaysian Open with New Zealand's John Lister, one behind champion Takaaki Kono. At this point he was in third place on the Asia Golf Circuit's Order of Merit. The following week he played the Singapore Open. After three rounds he was at 209, one back of leaders Tomio Kamata of Japan and Guy Wolstenholme of England. On the front nine he shot a 34 to distance himself from the remainder of the field. According to The Straits Times, "only Graham remained in contention with the two leaders." Graham made up one stroke on the leaders during the back nine to enter a playoff with them. Graham and Kamata parred the first hole of the playoff while Wolstenholme bogeyed to drop out. Graham and Kamata made pars at the par-3 2nd hole. At the par-4 3rd hole Kamata made his birdie while Graham was "short by two inches." Graham finished second. After these two runner-ups finishes, Graham was considered "the find of this year's tour." The next tournament Graham played was the Hong Kong Open. He shot a 69 (−1) to put him near the lead. In the second round he shot another 69 (−1) to move closer. However, he shot over-par in the final two rounds to finish in a tie for 14th place. Graham cited his poor putting for his weak play. He fell to 7th in the Order of Merit. Still, Graham was optimistic about his future. He told AAP-Reuters after the round, "My good performance here has left with a great chance of being nominated for the Alcan tournament in the states, which is what I'm really after. After my placings in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur it will make it very difficult for anyone to catch me in the last two tournaments in Taipei and Toyko, and beat me for Alcan." By early April he was in 2nd place on the Order of Merit, only behind Taiwan's Hsieh Yung-yo.

Paragraph 21: The word crack is derived from the Middle English crak, meaning "loud conversation, bragging talk". A sense of crack found in Northern England and Scotland meaning "conversation" or "news" produces expressions such as "What's the crack?", meaning "how are you?" or "have you any news?", similar to "what's up?", "how's it going?", or "what's the word?" in other regions. The context involving "news" and "gossip" originated in Northern English and Scots. A book on the speech of Northern England published in 1825 equates crack with "chat, conversation, news". The term is recorded in Scotland with this sense as far back as the 16th century, with both Robert Fergusson and Robert Burns employing it in the 1770s and 1780s.

Paragraph 22: The I-185, designed in early 1940, was based on the I-180, which was itself a development of the I-16, but was virtually a new design. The monocoque fuselage was similarly built of 'shpon', molded birch plywood, and also had an integral fin, but it was considerably longer than that of the I-180. The two-spar, all-metal wing was smaller and thinner than the I-180's wing, nearly as thin as that of the Supermarine Spitfire's wing at 13% at the root and tapered to 8% at the wing tip. The wing had a NACA-230 profile and was skinned in duralumin. Pneumatically powered split flaps and leading edge slats were fitted. The outer wing panels had 3° of dihedral. The fabric-covered control surfaces were framed in duralumin. The protected  fuel tanks were mounted between the wing center section spars. The I-185 used a conventional undercarriage with a retractable tailwheel. The unproven 1,492 kW (2,000 hp) 18-cylinder, two-row Tumansky M-90 radial engine was carried on welded steel tubes. It was fitted with a ducted spinner to improve cooling with the air expelled through gills as in the I-180 to provide additional thrust. The synchronized armament was mounted in the fuselage, two  ShKAS machine guns and two  Berezin UBS machine guns. A  bomb could be carried under overload conditions. The first prototype was completed in May 1940, but the only available example of the M-90 did not provide enough power for take-off. The prototype was modified to use another experimental engine, the  Shvetsov M-81 radial, but this was not nearly powerful enough for flight tests. The I-185 (M-81) finally took to the air on January 11, 1941, but it was decided not to waste further development and await a more powerful engine which was fortunate as the M-81 was cancelled in May 1941.

Paragraph 23: Chemical biologists often study the functions of biological macromolecules using fluorescence techniques. The advantage of fluorescence versus other techniques resides in its high sensitivity, non-invasiveness, safe detection, and ability to modulate the fluorescence signal. In recent years, the discovery of green fluorescent protein (GFP) by Roger Y. Tsien and others, hybrid systems and quantum dots have enabled assessing protein location and function more precisely. Three main types of fluorophores are used: small organic dyes, green fluorescent proteins, and quantum dots. Small organic dyes usually are less than 1 kDa, and have been modified to increase photostability and brightness, and reduce self-quenching. Quantum dots have very sharp wavelengths, high molar absorptivity and quantum yield. Both organic dyes and quantum dyes do not have the ability to recognize the protein of interest without the aid of antibodies, hence they must use immunolabeling. Fluorescent proteins are genetically encoded and can be fused to your protein of interest. Another genetic tagging technique is the tetracysteine biarsenical system, which requires modification of the targeted sequence that includes four cysteines, which binds membrane-permeable biarsenical molecules, the green and the red dyes "FlAsH" and "ReAsH", with picomolar affinity. Both fluorescent proteins and biarsenical tetracysteine can be expressed in live cells, but present major limitations in ectopic expression and might cause a loss of function.

Paragraph 24: Although Arabic letters have up to four forms, Scrabble tiles use the isolated form. In some sets, as found in some Arabic-based alphabets that are not the standard modern Arabic, a dotless yeh (alif maqsura) may be used ى‎, and for the letter he the final form ‎ھ (heh doachashmee) may appear, as it is in some Arabic-based alphabets, as in Urdu, the isolated form of the letter. The pattern of using the isolated forms in composing words is also found in Arabic crosswords and in the Scrabble3D Persian Scrabble set and is one of the rare situations when Arabic letters are not connected to each other.

Paragraph 25: There are four types of graves that are found at sites from the Middle Helladic period; pit graves, tholos graves, cist graves, and shaft graves. A pit grave is self explanatory, as it is simply a pit in the ground, while tholos styled graves are characterized as being more of a chamber like tomb. Cist graves and shaft graves are interesting because they are two styles of burial that originate from the Middle Helladic period itself, and it is believed that migrants who moved to Greece during this period influenced the creation of these new burial styles. Cist graves are deep and rectangular with a tumulus, or mound of earth, placed over top and came about during the beginning of the Middle Helladic period. Shaft graves are larger and deeper than cist graves (measuring on average 6 meters long, 4 meters wide, and 4 meters deep) and came about during the end of the Middle Helladic period. Additionally, infants are buried in special jars, pithoi, that generally measure around  tall. Based on the archaeological evidence, at Middle Helladic burial ceremonies bodies are placed in graves on their sides with their knees bent (women are placed on their left sides, and men on their right), then those present at the ceremony drink from cups that they then leave at the tomb. Burial customs also included leaving valued items with the bodies like pottery, silver, or bronze.

Paragraph 26: The second agent is Ray Nadeem (Jay Ali), a down on his luck agent in the New York office who has been a pawn of Fisk's for three years without even knowing him. Fisk cuts off his sister-in-law's medical insurance, forcing Nadeem to pay her medical bills and go into crippling debt, ruining his FICO score and delaying hopes of career advancement. When Nadeem visits Fisk in prison and Fisk informs on the Albanians to him, Nadeem readily accepts Fisk's information and his terms of relocation without considering the repercussions. Fisk takes advantage of Nadeem's pride to manipulate him into going after the members of Nelson & Murdock for ostensibly doing Fisk's dirty work. While he eventually realizes he's been played after Jasper Evans' death, it is too late for him to back out and he ends up being blackmailed by his boss Tammy Hattley (Kate Udall) into working with Dex to enforce Fisk's protection tax, and serves as a getaway driver during Dex's attempt on Karen. A conversation with Matt's mother Sister Maggie (Joanne Whalley) convinces Nadeem to grow a spine and stand up to Dex, by arranging with Foggy Nelson and Detective Brett Mahoney for Karen to be "apprehended" by the NYPD. Fisk attempts to kill Nadeem and his family right away, but Matt and Foggy rescue him and convince him to testify before a grand jury convened by District Attorney Blake Tower. Fisk foils their efforts by intimidating the grand jury. Nadeem flees back home and makes a video confession to everything he's witnessed before Dex shows up at his house to murder him on Vanessa's orders. The video, as his dying declaration, is considered thanks to a legal loophole to be credible evidence that allows the NYPD to arrest Fisk and put him back in prison.

Paragraph 27: Sickle hemoglobin (HbS), is the most common variant of hemoglobin and arises due to an amino acid substitution in the beta-globin subunit at the sixth residue from glutamic acid to valine. There are different forms of sickle cell disease. HB SS which is the most common and severe form of sickle cell. Hb SC is due to inheriting Hb S from one parent and Hb C (hemoglobin C) from the other parent. Hb S beta thalassemia is the least common and is experienced in patients who have inherited beta thalassemia hemoglobin from one parent and HbS from the other.  In addition, there is sickle cell trait (HbAS) which is defined by having HbA and HbS. This makes the individual heterozygous for sickle cell. Of the world population, it is estimated that there are about 300 million individuals with the sickle cell trait and about 100 million of those are in sub-Saharan Africa.  There is also a higher prevalence of sickle cell trait in areas that malaria is commonly found, with the prevalence in some parts of Africa and Saudi Arabia being as high as 25% and 60%, respectively. Individuals who have HbAS have about 40%HbS, 56% HBA, and are usually asymptomatic unless there is a severe lack of oxygen to the body (hypoxia) which can lead to symptoms of sickle cell disease.  However, HbAS does not cause vaso-occlusive crisis, which is known to be associated with sickle cell disease.

Paragraph 28: The gang decides they have no choice but to murder her. None of them are eager to kill an old woman so they draw straws. The task falls to Gawain but he fails to go through with it after he realizes Mrs. Munson reminds him of his mother. This starts a fight between Garth and Gawain which results in Gawain being fatally shot with his own gun; the group dumps his body off the bridge onto the trash barge. Garth then attempts to steal the entire sum of money and escape with his girlfriend, "Mountain Girl," but the General kills them both with a garotte wire and discards their bodies onto the barge. After drawing lots again, the General is about to kill Mrs. Munson in her sleep, concealing his cigarette in his mouth as per usual. He is suddenly startled by a cuckoo clock, accidentally swallowing his cigarette.  In a frenzied search for water, The General trips over Mrs. Munson's cat and falls down the stairs to his death.  As Lump and Dorr dispose of The General's body onto the barge, Lump has a change of heart and tells Dorr he wants to do what Mrs. Munson says. When Dorr refuses, Lump attempts to shoot him with a revolver but the chamber is empty; he peers down the barrel and accidentally shoots himself with the round that was in the next chamber, falling off the bridge onto the barge. Dorr, now alone, pauses to admire a passing raven and recite poetry until the raven dislodges the head of a crumbling gargoyle on top of the bridge. The head falls, knocking Dorr over the railing, and his cape gets caught on the ironwork and breaks his neck, killing him instantly. As the barge passes under the bridge, the fabric tears and he too falls onto it.

Paragraph 29: Now. Here. This. takes place in a natural history museum. The show follows the adventures and evolution of four friends as they journey through time--from the present day museum, to the past, and back again. Along the way, the \exhibits inspire them to share stories from their lives. The action begins with a Big Bang. The opening number (What Are the Odds) tracks the evolution of the human race, all the way up to the moment when the foursome arrive at this very moment in time, on this stage, at this theatre, in front of this audience. Naturally, the discussion turns to the teaching of Trappist monk Thomas Merton, "because nothing says musical theatre like a discussion about a Trappist monk." Merton asked folks to keep in mind three words: Now (not the past or the future), Here (exactly where you are), and This (whatever it is you're doing). Merton believed that if you can get to the intersection of these three things ("Now. Here. This.), then you will be truly present to experience "more life." The scene shifts to a planetarium exhibit in the museum, and the foursome ponder life's big and small questions, each expressing their desire for things that they hope will bring them happiness: more stuff, more love, more magic dogs named "Mr. Winston Sparkles" (More Life). The group decides to divide and conquer the museum in search of more life and the Now. Here. This. As they explore, exhibits begin to trigger memories and stories. At the deep sea exhibit, Jeff relives his experience performing at his middle school's Pancake Supper where she slays the audience with a mean Ed Grimley impersonation, and discovers his ability to cloak his true self from unwanted scrutiny (Dazzle Camouflage). For Heidi, it's recollections of childhood attention-seeking in the Hall of Birds (Give Me Your Attention). Hunter escapes into his familiar fantasy world while staring at a turtle display, imagining good times with his superdeluxe fantasy boyfriend (Archer), and at the bee exhibit, Susan recognizes herself as the busy bee who over-schedules her life with activities to distract from the discomfort of growing up in an unusual house (I Rarely Schedule Nothing). As their memories and stories grow into a chaotic (Cacophony), they all begin to understand the obstacles that stand between them and the Now. Here. This. The four then regroup in the Hall of Human Origins. Native garments and rituals ignite adolescent hopes of the perfect garment that will bring happiness and popularity (Members Only). Susan and Heidi sing about two kinds of lives with two different sets of struggles (That'll Never Be Me). Jeff recalls the regret of missing out on real college friends and fun because he was afraid to reveal his true self (Kick Me). The four friends continue to explore the museum and come across information about Aboriginal family trees and tribes. The gang sings in celebration of having found each other--their chosen tribe--out of all the people in the world (Then Comes You). A museum exhibit about the measurement of time inspires them to sing about an afternoon boat ride that seemed to last a millennium (The Amazing Adventures of the "Doc" Wilbert S. Pound). In (That Makes Me Hot) they exchange stories about moments when they found themselves in the 'Now. Here. This. Susan shares the myth of the ("Golden Palace"), a faraway place where only the privileged few are granted admission. In (Get Into It) we experience Hunter's fantasy world from the inside and the outside. Heidi struggles with rules and expectations determined long ago, eventually realizing that she can now define her own rules and choose her own adventure (This Time). After a full day at the museum, the ("Finale") exhorts the audience leave the museum of the past, to consciously step directly into the Now. Here. This. and ultimately experience more life.

Paragraph 30: The Pinsk Marshes mostly lie within the Polesian Lowland, hence Polesie Marshes (Woodland Marshes), and occupy most of the southern part of Belarus and the north-west of Ukraine. They cover roughly  surrounding the sandy lowlands of the dense network of rivers and rivulets forming on both sides of the Pripyat River, one of the main tributaries of the Dnieper. Dense woods are interspersed with numerous marshes, moors, ponds and streams extending  west to east and  north to south. The marshes undergo substantial changes in size during the year, with melting snows in springtime and autumn rainfall causing extensive flooding as the river overflows.