Paragraph 1: The LDS Church places great emphasis on the law of chastity. Commitment to live the law of chastity is required for baptism, and adherence is required to receive a temple recommend. The Book of Mormon teaches that sexual sins are "most abominable above all sins save it be the shedding of innocent blood or denying the Holy Ghost" (). Church leaders have similarly emphasized its importance. When discussing premarital sex in his book The Miracle of Forgiveness the apostle (and later church president) Spencer W. Kimball quoted church president David O. McKay in stating, "Your virtue is worth more than your life. Please, young folk, preserve your virtue even if you lose your lives." In the book Mormon Doctrine the apostle Bruce R. McConkie wrote in the section "Chastity" that it is better to be "dead clean, than alive unclean" and that many Mormon parents would rather their child "come back in a pine box with [their] virtue than return alive without it". It was a highly influential all-time bestseller in the LDS community and was viewed by many members both then and now as representing official doctrine despite never being endorsed by the church.

Paragraph 2: Sony's Santa Monica Studio began development of God of War in 2002, under the working title Dark Odyssey, and unveiled it two years later at SCEA Santa Monica Gamers' Day 2004. Game director and creator David Jaffe said that while the idea for God of War was his own, the concept owed a debt to Capcom because he had played Onimusha and said "let's do that with Greek Mythology". He was inspired in part by the 1981 feature film, Clash of the Titans, saying, "the real high concept for me was ... merging it with Heavy Metal magazine". He said he liked both "the kids stuff ... with Greek Mythology" and the idea of adding more adult themes such as sex and violence. The development team gave themselves "lots of freedom" to modify the myths, and Jaffe said they took the "coolest aspects of the subject" and wrote a story using those elements. Director of visual development and lead concept artist, Charlie Wen, drew inspiration from classic films like Clash of the Titans as well as more contemporary films, such as Gladiator (2000), for tonal inspiration to lead the visual design of Kratos, other characters, and the world of God of War.

Paragraph 3: The immigration of Chinese to California began in 1850 at the beginning of the Gold Rush.  They soon began to branch out to jobs in agriculture and made up a large group of railroad workers.  As the Chinese became more successful, tensions with white Americans grew.  White Californians were wary of the cultural and ethnic differences.  The Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 was the first of many pieces of legislation put into place to keep people from China from entering the United States. The government of California endeavored to prevent Chinese immigrants from working by requiring certain permits that they could not obtain, and passed legislation to prevent naturalization.   Many turned to the laundry business, and in San Francisco about 89% of the laundry workers were of Chinese descent. It was often the only job they could find.

Paragraph 4: The plant is a halophyte, i.e. it grows where the water is salty, and the plant is a succulent, i.e. it holds much salty water. When the plant is burned, the sodium in the salt ends up in the chemical sodium carbonate. Sodium carbonate has a number of practical uses, including especially as an ingredient in making glass, and making soap. In the medieval and early modern centuries the Kali plant and others like it were collected at tidal marshes and seashores. The collected plants were burned. The resulting ashes were mixed with water. Sodium carbonate is soluble in water. Non-soluble components of the ashes sunk to the bottom of the water container. The water with the sodium carbonate dissolved in it was then transferred to another container, and then the water was evaporated off, leaving behind the sodium carbonate. Another major component of the ashes that is soluble in water is potassium carbonate. The resulting product consisted mainly of a mixture of sodium carbonate and potassium carbonate. This product was called "soda ash" (was also called "alkali"). Soda ash extracted from the ashes of Kali turgidum/Kali tragus contains as much as 30% sodium carbonate. The soda ash was used primarily to make glass (secondly used as a cleaning agent). Another notable halophilic plant that was collected for the purpose was Salsola soda. Another was Halogeton sativus. Historically in the late medieval and early post-medieval centuries the word "Kali" could refer to any such plants. (The words "alkali" and "kali" come from the Arabic word for soda ash, al-qali). Today such plants are also called saltworts, referring to their relatively high salt content. Because of their use historically in making glass, they are also called glassworts. In Spain the saltwort plants were called barilla and were the basis of a large industry in Spain in the 18th century; see barilla. In the early 19th century, plant sources were supplanted by synthetic sodium carbonate produced using the Leblanc process.

Paragraph 5: Samuel played as a youth for the London-based junior team Senrab and was in the academies of West Ham United and Charlton Athletic before joining Aston Villa's youth team in 1997 as a trainee. He made a total of 198 appearances for Villa before moving to fellow Premier League club Bolton Wanderers in 2007, where he spent a further four years including a brief spell on loan at Cardiff City in the Championship. Samuel spent the last four years of his professional career in the Iran Pro League, representing Esteghlal and Paykan. He won a Hazfi Cup and a league title with Esteghlal.

Paragraph 6: Stone also became construction superintendent of another railroad in 1850, one that would eventually be known as the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway (LS&MS). The line began in 1833 as a series of small, independent railroads which then combined into larger and larger companies. One of the first of these smaller lines was the Cleveland, Painesville and Ashtabula Railroad (CP&A), which had been chartered in 1848 to build track from Cleveland to the border with Pennsylvania. Alfred Kelley was one of its directors. On July 26, 1850, the CP&A awarded a contract to build its  line to the firm of Stone, Harbach, and Witt. The line was completed in autumn 1852, and Stone was named a director of the railroad in August 1853 at a salary of $4,000 a year ($ in  dollars). He continued in this position until the corporation's merger into the LS&MS in May 1869, and served as the CP&A's president from August 1858 to March 1859. While Stone served as director, the CP&A leased the Jamestown and Franklin Railroad (J&FR) in March 1864 for 20 years. He oversaw the construction of the Union Depot (named because all railroads in the city would use the same station) in Erie, Pennsylvania, in 1866, and became a director of the J&FR (probably for a single year) in 1868. Stone was again elected a director of the LS&MS in August 1869, and was appointed the LS&MS' general manager in July 1873 (serving until June 1875). The railroad was in financial difficulty by mid-1873, and Stone's appointment was made in large part so that he could stabilize it. Just one month after Stone took over as general manager, he learned that the 1873 dividend (which cost $2 million) had been paid for with a loan from the Union Trust Company (a Cleveland bank). When the economy soured in August, the bank called the loan. The LS&MS almost went into receivership, but Cornelius Vanderbilt (another director of the road) repaid the loan out of his own funds.  When his health failed in 1875, Stone resigned his position as director and general manager.

Paragraph 7: The bishop came again while Geoffrey of Barton was prior. Henry de Bilenda, the cellarer, upon whom so much depended, was incapable or untrustworthy, and in 1249 fled to the Cistercians at Merivale, rather than render an account of his stewardship. In 1274 Bishop Gravesend sent a canon of Lincoln to visit Dunstable, who left his corrections in writing; and in Advent of the same year he made a personal visitation. In November 1279 Bishop Sutton came and discharged his office 'strictly and without respect of persons.' The sub-prior and certain others were removed from their charge and forbidden to hold office in future, and certain 'less useful members' of the household expelled; in May of the following year, he deposed the prior, William le Breton, from all pastoral care. It seems most likely that these depositions were on account of mismanagement rather than for any personal failings; the great necessity and heavy debts of the house called for stringent measures, and William le Breton had shown himself unable to meet the difficulty. Efforts were madeto curtail expenses and get in ready money for the payment of debts. There is no sign of any other grave faults having been committed, nor of anything like luxurious living. The new prior, according to the bishop's advice, set himself to limit the expenses of the whole house and assigned a fixed income to the kitchen for the future; the deposed prior had proper maintenance assigned to him at Ruxox. The canons seem to have borne no ill-will to Bishop Sutton for his corrections and were ready on his next visit to their church (which was made not officially but only in passing) to praise him for his excellent sermon. Other visitations of his are mentioned in 1284, 1287, 1288, and 1293; the last was only to confer orders. Archbishop Peckham came in 1284, but found all well ('as the bishop had been there quite late,' the chronicler naively remarks); and Archbishop Winchelsea in 1293. The only serious charge that could be laid to the door of the canons all through the thirteenth century was their inability to keep clear of debt, and the record shows that this was often quite as much their misfortune as their fault. There are many incidental remarks of the chroniclers which serve to show that the tone of the house was thoroughly religious and that the canons were faithful in keeping their rule. It will suffice to instance, early in the century, the generous treatment of the two young canons (one only a novice), who escaped by night through a window and went to join the Friars Minor at Oxford. They were indeed solemnly excommunicated and compelled to return; but after they had done their penance in the chapter house and had been absolved, they were allowed a year to consider the matter, and if after that time they preferred the stricter order, they were granted permission to depart; if not, they might remain at Dunstable. A good deal later than this, in 1283, the apologetic way in which the chronicler relates how the prior went out to dinner with John Durant is sufficient to show that the ordinary rules and customs of the order were not commonly broken.

Paragraph 8: On 2 June, the Icelandic international Joey Guðjónsson signed a 2-year contract from the recently relegated Premier League side Burnley. Two days later, the Scottish international left-back Gary Naysmith signed for Huddersfield after rejecting a new contract at Sheffield United. On the same day, goalkeeper Simon Eastwood left the club to join the newly promoted Football League Two side Oxford United. On 17 June, the goalkeeper Ian Bennett was signed on a free transfer from Sheffield United. On 22 June, the striker Tom Denton left the club by mutual consent. On the following day, the defender Andy Butler also had his contract paid up and left the club. On 29 June, the left-back Joe Skarz signed for the Football League Two side Bury for an undisclosed fee. The next day, the winger Lee Croft joined Huddersfield on a 6-month loan deal from Derby County. He returned to Derby on 3 January 2011. On 1 July, the defender Jamie McCombe, whose brother John, played for Huddersfield in the not too distant past, joined the Huddersfield for an undisclosed fee from Bristol City. The following day, after failing to reach a new deal, Krystian Pearce left the club after playing for just 45 minutes. He eventually joined Notts County. On 6 July, the midfielder James Berrett left the club to join the League One side Carlisle United on a free transfer. Later that day, the midfielder Michael Collins joined Football League Championship side Scunthorpe United for an undisclosed fee. On 14 July, the young Irish winger Graham Carey signed on a 6-month loan from the Scottish Premier League runners-up Celtic. He returned to Celtic on 13 January 2011, after Huddersfield failed to agree terms on an extension to his deal. On 21 July, the striker Joe Garner signed on a 6-month loan from Nottingham Forest. He returned there on 4 January 2011. On 28 July, two of Huddersfield's youngsters, Jack Hunt and Leigh Franks, were sent out on 6-month loans to Chesterfield and Oxford United respectively. On 5 August, the midfielder Damien Johnson was signed on a season-long loan from the League One rivals Plymouth Argyle. The following day, the striker Robbie Simpson joined Brentford on a season-long loan. On 25 August, the striker Alan Lee joined the club for an undisclosed fee from Crystal Palace. On 31 August, Jim Goodwin left the club by mutual consent. He joined the Scottish Premier League side Hamilton Academical on 6 September. On 8 September, Theo Robinson joined the Championship side Millwall on an emergency 3-month loan deal, but he returned in November, after an injury. He rejoined the club on a permanent deal on 13 January, for an undisclosed fee. On 15 October, Huddersfield brought in the experienced goalkeeper Nick Colgan on a one-month loan from the Conference National side Grimsby Town. He returned a month later, after making no appearances. On 21 January 2011, he signed for Huddersfield on a permanent deal, after being released by Grimsby. On 1 January 2011, as the transfer window reopened, Huddersfield signed the experienced Ireland international Kevin Kilbane on loan from Hull City for the rest of the season. On 10 January, Huddersfield signed Newcastle United's Hungarian international defender Tamás Kádár on loan. On 27 January, the Huddersfield stalwart Nathan Clarke joined the League One rivals Colchester United on loan. On 31 January, as the transfer window was about to shut, Danny Cadamarteri returned to Huddersfield on a short-term contract following his release by the Scottish Premier League side Dundee United. On 26 February, Huddersfield signed the left-back Stephen Jordan on an emergency one-month loan from Sheffield United, following injuries to Gary Naysmith and Liam Ridehalgh. On 15 March, a week after the injury that curtailed Anthony Pilkington's involvement in the season, Huddersfield increased its attacking options by bringing in the winger Danny Ward on loan from the Premier League side Bolton Wanderers for the rest of the season. Defensive options were bolstered by signing the centre-back Sean Morrison on loan from Reading on 23 March. Just as the transfer window shut, the young midfielder Aidan Chippendale was sent on loan to the Conference National side York City

Paragraph 9: The gangsa is a metallophone idiophone of the Balinese people of Bali, Indonesia. It is a melodic instrument that is part of a Balinese gamelan gong kebyar. Traditionally, a single gamelan craftsman's workshop would construct, upon commission, a unified and uniquely tuned set of bronze instruments, numbering twenty or more, the sum total of which would constitute a gamelan gong kebyar. Sometime in the latter half of the 20th century, Balinese gamelan craftsmen realized there was a market, consisting mostly of foreign gamelan enthusiasts, interested in procuring single instruments. The gangsa pictured here is a product of this market niche. In a complete Balinese gamelan gong kebyar there would be, typically, nine gangsa of three different sizes and pitch registers called, from the largest and lowest-pitched to the smallest and highest-pitched: ugal, pemade, and kantilan. Each of these varieties of gangsa has ten keys suspended over tuned-bamboo resonators and are tuned to a pentatonic scale over the range of two octaves. The gangsa pictured here would, in the context of a full gamelan gong kebyar, be called a pemade. The wood casings of all gamelan gong kebyar instruments are typically ornately carved and often painted in vibrant shades of red and gold. Although not painted, the gangsa pictured here displays robust and deep carving on its surfaces consisting of stylized vegetation motifs (see detail #1) also found throughout the island of Bali on Hindu temples and other traditional architecture. Dating back to only the 1910s, the gamelan gong kebyar tradition has become the most iconic of Bali's many types of sacred and secular gamelan traditions. Sets are found in many villages and neighborhoods of towns and cities, manned by musicians from all walks of life. They are performed for religious celebrations, at arts schools and conservatories, for competitions, and at tourist venues, playing both instrumental compositions and for the accompaniment of dances.

Paragraph 10: During an era when Italy was known for its defensive prowess (catenaccio), Tardelli made his name as a hard-tackling yet technically skilful and elegant defensive midfielder, with an ability to get forward and contribute offensively; a well-rounded footballer, he was regarded as one of the finest midfielders in the world during the early 1980s. A quick, tenacious, and energetic player, with good feet, he is regarded as one of the greatest Italian midfielders of all time, and was a two-way midfielder who was known for his tactical intelligence, versatility and work-rate as a footballer, which enabled him to play anywhere in midfield. Although he was usually deployed in the centre in a more offensive midfield role, in particular under managers Giovanni Trapattoni and Enzo Bearzot, with Juventus and Italy respectively (known in Italian as the "mezzala" position), he also played in several other positions throughout his career, and was capable of playing as a winger on either flank, or even as a defender; indeed in his early career, he played as a full-back on either side of the pitch, and also as a centre-back (or "stopper" in Italian), due to his man-marking skills and ball-winning abilities. Although Tardelli was mainly renowned for his speed, stamina and defensive skills, he also possessed a powerful shot, and was capable of striking and passing the ball with either foot, despite being naturally right footed. Due to his great pace and slender build, Tardelli's Juventus teammate Luciano Spinosi gave him the nickname Schizzo. In addition to his footballing abilities, he was also stood out for his leadership throughout his career, and was known for being a decisive player. In 2007, The Times placed Tardelli at number 10 in their list of the 50 hardest footballers in history. Jonathan Wilson, when writing for The Guardian in 2013, labelled Tardelli as a type of holding midfielder he described as a "destroyer," a player who is primarily tasked with running, winning back possession, and distributing the ball to other players.

Paragraph 11: When the family first moved into the house, Lizzie chose for herself the bedroom that would be hers for the entire time she lived in the house. It is located right off the master bedroom that her parents slept in, and when she married John G. McCullough, the couple continued to live in her childhood bedroom. The “Big House” boasts 14 chimneys and 35 rooms – 20 of which are bedrooms. When first built, the house contained 18 coal burning fireplaces, all of which were constructed out of Italian (not Vermont) marble. To keep up with the changing styles of the time, the fireplaces located in the library, main and west halls were converted to wood burning. The house has two entrances, one for those who arrived by carriage (which is located on the South) and one for those that had walked to the house (located on the East). When entering the house from the South, guests are welcomed by a bust of Hiland Hall, placed on the mantle of the fireplace. Rooms on the first floor include the Morning, Library, Music, Dining and Billiard rooms, which all have entrances to the long hallway. The lady of the house used the Morning room to meet with house staff or write letters. The Library is also known as the gentlemen's parlor, which was used as an office by Trenor Park and by John G. McCullough during his tenure as Governor. After the death of John, Lizzie changed the space to another sitting room. The Music room served as a venue for visits from guests, which lasted only 20 minutes. The dining room table is thought to have been used by the McCullough's in their New York home. The room also has a smaller, circular table near the widows used for more informal meals. 

Paragraph 12: Simmons went to work with Bob Dylan. The music was written at the former's guesthouse, and Simmons asked Dylan to complete the lyrics. Dylan insisted that Simmons write them. "I wanted to write a song with Dylan," the Kiss bassist explained. "So, like most things I do, I bullheadedly picked up the phone, tracked down his manager, and said, 'Hi, I'm that guy who sticks his tongue out, and I wanna write a song with Dylan,' or words to that effect. The results could only be 'yes' and 'no.' Dylan said yes. He came over to my house a few years back, and we sat down and started throwing ideas around. Bob came up with a melody/chordal pattern... I chimed in with a melody/chorus idea and voila, we had a song. Lyrics weren't written as yet. I demoed the track with Tommy Thayer. Bob came down to visit and listen. When the demo was done, I asked Bob to write the lyric. He said no, why don't I write it. I have tried to write a meaningful lyric, but it has eluded me. I've bumped into Bob a few times... in Tokyo, while he was on tour, and every time I ask him to write the lyric, and he always says, 'Mr. KISS, you write it.'" The song, originally titled "Laughing When I Want to Cry," was later renamed to "Waiting for the Morning Light" and released on Simmons's second solo album Asshole.

Paragraph 13: In 1704, during the capture of Gibraltar by an Anglo-Dutch combined operation, an expedition landed there of around 350 Catalans followers of Charles of Austria and commanded by Prince Georg von Hessen Darmstadt (Catalonia's deputy and delegate of Charles of Austria) and general Joan Baptista Basset. They most likely came to Gibraltar in at least five ships, as among the lists of Catalan expeditionaries there are five vessel owners (from Arenys de Mar, Barcelona, Cubelles, Mataró, and Sant Feliu de Guixols). The Catalans formed two companies, an artillery company (called "Catalan Battery") and an infantry company of mountain fusiliers (called "Catalan Company of Miquelets",commanded by captain Jaume Burguy). Both protected the isthmus of Gibraltar and attacked mountain areas of the Rock against Spanish grenadiers. Some of the surnames of the Catalans who participated in the conquest are: Andreu, Armenter, Auger, Basset, Bertran, Besart, Boix, Bonavida, Bosch, Burguy, Canovas, Caramany, Carreras, Casamitjana, Castells, Cateura, Clavell, Constans, Corrons, Cortès, Esplugas, Estanyol, Estaper, Esteve, Fabregas, Ferrer, Fonollós, Fontanet, Freixes, Frutó, Gil, Goy, Llofriu, Llopis, Martí, Massana, Matalonga, Mulet, Navarro, Nebot, Oliver, Ortas, Pausà, Pi, Pons, Pujol, Rabassa, Ribas, Roca, Rossell, Roset, Rovira, Ruaix, Salvat, Sanromà, Serrallonga, Siurana, Soler, Trebó, Trias, Trullàs, Vidal, Virolà, Viudes.

Paragraph 14: In 2004, Milev began expanding her field of research to include design research. At the Zurich University of the Arts (ZHdK) in 2005, she founded Emergency Design, a research discourse thematizing the political, social, spatial, and aesthetic dimensions of survival. In Emergency Design, a new theoretical instrument for the diagnosis of social upheavals emerges from the connections Milev draws between, on the one hand, concepts in political philosophy such as the state of exception, the state of war, or the emergency as a cultural catastrophe, as a zone of anomie; and on the other, designing as a praxeological and sociospatial concept of action. The basis for Milev's discourse on Emergency Design lies in her experiences with the collapse of the GDR and the Eastern Bloc and the subsequent upheavals of the early 1990s."By connecting Milev's films of the 1980s to her theoretical work of the 2010s, we can see how she limned the duality of social design at a moment when a particuar anthropotechnic formation - that of East German socialism - was still in place and could therefore be committed to film, but had begun to fail. [...] Integrating her own performance practice into her work with film, she connected her embodied exploration of the foams, forces, and functions of space to a broader exploration already afoot, incscribing an individual practice into the social design she had rendered legible in moving images. In this way, her intermedial work and its filmic derivate become understandable as working documents of applied spatial research – and therefore as advancing an intellectual program that is of a piece with the theoretical sociology." (Seth Howes, Film Experiments, Design Anthropology, and the Politics of Vision: Yana Milev's Theory of Practice, in: Id., Moving Images on the Margins. Experimental Film in the Late Socialist East Germany, Camden House, NY, USA, 2019, pp.171-172, ISBN 1-64014-068-9) With the English-language anthology D.A. – A Transdisciplinary Handbook of Design Anthropology, published in 2013 by the international scholarly publisher Peter Lang, Milev formulates a complementary scholarly basis for design research. The concept of "anthropology" is used by Milev in its American sense as a superordinated concept of humanistic inquiry. Accordingly, the design anthropology is conceived by Milev as a complementary science of design in the field of the cultural studies, social sciences and politics. The anthology is organized in five books and eleven clusters: Book 1: Design Cultures, Book 2: Design Philosophy, Book 3: Design Sociology, Book 4: Design Embodiment, and Book 5: Design Intervention. More than 100 notable experts participate in the project. Milev's work on a complementary science of design is widely reviewed and integrated in seminar curricula.

Paragraph 15: Despite Yang's having supported him to be emperor, Emperor Zhaozong eventually had a fallout with him. In 891, after Emperor Zhaozong suspected Yang of plotting a coup with his adoptive nephew Yang Shouxin () and attacked his mansion, Yang fled to Shannan West Circuit (山南西道, headquartered at Xingyuan), which was then governed by his adoptive nephew Yang Shouliang. There he declared a rebellion against Emperor Zhaozong with Yang Shouliang, Yang Shouxin, and other adoptive sons and adoptive nephews including Yang Shouzhong () the military governor of Jinshang Circuit (金商, headquartered in modern Ankang, Shaanxi), Yang Shouzhen the military governor of Longjian Circuit (龍劍, headquartered in modern Mianyang, Sichuan), and Yang Shouhou () the prefect of Mian Prefecture (綿州, in modern Mianyang).  In spring 892, Li Maozhen reacted by submitting a joint petition with his older brother Li Maozhuang () the military governor of Tianxiong Circuit (天雄, headquartered in modern Tianshui, Gansu) and allies Wang Xingyu (who had been made the military governor of Jingnan), Han Jian the military governor of Zhenguo Circuit (鎮國, headquartered in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), and Wang Xingyu's brother Wang Xingyue () the military governor of Kuangguo Circuit (匡國, headquartered in modern Weinan as well), requesting that a campaign be launched against the Yangs and that Li Maozhen be made the commander of the operations.  Emperor Zhaozong, concerned that if Li Maozhen defeated the Yangs, he would be even more difficult to control, initially ordered that the sides negotiate.  However, Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu, ignoring the edict, launched the campaign, and Li Maozhen wrote disrespectful letters to the chancellor Du Rangneng and the leading eunuch Ximen Junsui ().  Emperor Zhaozong, concerned that Li Maozhen may slaughter the people of Shannan West without imperial sanction, made Li Maozhen the commander of the operations against the Yangs.  Subsequently, when Emperor Zhaozong killed the imperial guard officer Li Shunjie () — who had previously been an adoptive son of Yang Fugong's but who had revealed much of Yang Fugong's secrets to Emperor Zhaozong — and Li Shunjie's ally Jia Desheng (), Jia's troops fled to Fengxiang and joined Li Maozhen, greatly strengthening Li Maozhen's army.

Paragraph 16: IGN rated Paladins 8.4/10, stating "Working on top of the strong and fairly balanced foundation of a free-to-play hero shooter, Paladins’ capacity for experimentation is its greatest strength" and "Whether it’s the main mode that encapsulates the teamwork aspect or the character designs that immediately flow with creativity, Paladins: Champions of the Realm clearly stands out in the midst of competition". Gamereactor rated the game 7/10, praising the various characters, customization and maps, stating "Paladins might just win you over if you give it a try, and we'd definitely recommend you to do so". Canard PC gave Paladins 7/10, depicting it as a "competitive FPS" and complimenting the game despite the similarities between the game and Overwatch. Dan Lipscombe of Nintendo Insider rated the game 8/10, calling it an "overwhelming experience" and that "it’s fast-paced with solid shooting mechanics and although some of the champions are a little generic, it’s trying, which is more than others can say in the shooting genre". Common Sense Media gave the game 4/5 stars, describing it as a "Colorful multiplayer arena" that "offers frenetic team fun". Ric Cowley of Pocket Gamer gave 3.5/5 stars, explaining "Paladins is actually a pretty fun shooter. There's plenty of depth to it, and the wide pool of characters and abilities means everyone's tastes are catered for. But it all just feels a little bit off. It's trying so hard to be something that it's not, and it never doubles down on its own ideas or identity". GamesRadar+ complimented and defended Paladins about the similarities with Overwatch, declaring "Fast forward two years later, though, and Paladins is looking healthier than ever. Finally free from having to defend itself from those incessant comparisons, the game has come into its own as Hi-Rez Studios' fast paced development and eSports focused agenda has endowed it with an identity that stands apart from anything else on the market". Eurogamer praised the Nintendo Switch version, saying "Paladins has a great chance to shine here, and shine it does" and that "Overall, there's a lot to respect in how Paladins is represented on Switch. Hi-Rez has accomplished one of the closest matches to the other versions available, crafting a 60fps title where online competition with Xbox One players feels balanced and fair". Pat Kerley of The Republic of Players gave a positive review, depicting the gameplay as "fluid and responsive", calling the game "very consumer friendly" about the micro-transactions and stating "Paladins Champions of the Realm is a must buy game". PC Zone listed Paladins 2nd in their top "5 Best Free-to-Play Games on Steam in 2020", calling it "appealing". PlayStation LifeStyle listed the game in their top "7 Best PS4 Free-to-Play Games You Won’t Be Able to Stop Playing", indicating "This game gets a lot of flak for being called an Overwatch rip-off, but Paladins is better than that". CulturedVultures ranked Paladins 3rd in their list of the top "20 Best Free Games On Steam", declaring "Paladins: Champions of the Realm offers what Overwatch does without any fees: glorious and fun team battles with gun-toting and magic-wielding characters, each with a background story, in well-designed maps". TheGamer listed the game 9th in their top 10 "Free-To-Play Switch Games Actually Worth The Grind".

Paragraph 17: Hull entered the FA Cup competition in the Third round the draw for which the took place on 7 December 2015 and Hull were drawn at home to follow Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion. The match took place on 9 January 2016. In the 40th minute of the match Lewis Dunk fouled Harry Maguire in the box to give Hull a penalty. Robert Snodgrass took the penalty to score his first goal for the club. Brighton's Andrew Crofts shot in extra-time rebounded off the cross-bar to give Hull the victory 1–0. The draw for the fourth round took place on 11 January 2015 and Hull were drawn away to the winner of the Bury and Bradford City third round match. The replay took place on 19 January 2016 and the match remained goalless after extra-time, but Bury took the match 4–2 on penalties. Thus Hull played Bury on 30 January 2016 at Gigg Lane, Bury. The match was played in difficult weather conditions, with Steve Bruce making 11 changes to the squad that played at Fulham in the league, including a first senior start for youngster Josh Tymon. Bury started the best, but after 14 minutes David Meyler broke through only to see his shot blocked by Ian Lawlor, Chuba Akpom was on-hand to net the rebound. After the break, there was chances for both sides before Sone Aluko was brought down in the box, and Akpom was given the opportunity to take the spot-kick to score his second of the match. Ten minutes later Akpom netted his hat-trick leaving Craig Jones to score a late consolation goal for Bury. The draw for the fifth round took place on 31 January 2016 and Hull were drawn away to Arsenal, the third year in a row the clubs had faced each other in the competition. The match took place on 20 February 2016 at the Emirates Stadium. City made ten changes from the previous league game but failed to make any inroads into the Arsenal defence. Arsenal had a number of chances but could not make a breakthrough, as Eldin Jakupović pulled off some spectacular saves to maintain a clean-sheet. The game finished 0–0 and a replay at the KC Stadium was to be arranged. The draw for the quarter-final took place the following day and the winner was drawn at home to Watford. The date for the Arsenal replay was later confirmed as 8 March 2016 with live coverage on BT Sport. The match kicked off at 7.00 p.m. and City matched Arsenal until just before the break when Olivier Giroud seized on a mistake by David Meyler to open the scoring. He went on to double Arsenal's lead halfway through the second-half before Theo Walcott got a brace of goals late in the game. Hull lost the match 4–0 giving Arsenal the victory for the third season in a row.

Paragraph 18: At the end of 1941 Nadiradze started his work in the field of rocket design. During the World War II he developed five versions of anti-tank shells, one of which had satisfactory results. In 1945 he got appointed chief designer and chief of the bureau of the Faculty of Missile weapons Moscow Mechanical Institute of the People's Commissariat of ammunition, functioning as experienced OKB guide holding lectures on the production and designing of missiles and launchers, while simultaneously conducting research on two-stage rockets and turbojets. In 1948 the Council of Ministers of the USSR transferred the Moscow OKB institute to CB-2 Minelhozmasha and Nadiradze took command over a division which was developing unguided anti-aircraft missiles and anti-tank rockets. In 1950 he developed the Soviet anti-air missile system "Swift" and a year later the new KB-2 was incorporated into GSNII MSKHM-642, which basically merged diverse design bureaus working on cruise missiles, powder and radio-controlled bombs into one institute. In 1953 Nadiradze took charge of project "Raven". His experience was used to create the world's first high altitude meteorological rocket, development of which technically began back in 1949 at the Central Aerological Observatory Hydrometeorological Service of the USSR. The rocket was designed to deliver "instruments" into stratosphere. His involvement was of high importance since the first Soviet meteorological rocket MR-1 Meteo which was successfully launched in 1951 was also developed by Alexander Nadiradze himself. On 15 October the same year he would be tasked with the development of the so-called "Tshaika" radio-controlled bombs (UB-2000F). Tests were successfully completed in 1955 and the new weapon was accepted for service later that year. In late 1957 Moscow GSNII MSKHM-642 was combined with Reutov OKB-52 Chelomey. Nadiradze was appointed the head of Chelomey's secret development section and in 1961 took charge of the entire OKB, while remaining a chief designer. By decision of the Soviet government and defense ministry a competition for designing a mobile intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) was organized and Alexander Nadiradze's team won. He became the founder of the Soviet mobile intercontinental ballistic missile forces. On 6 March 1966 the defence ministry gave order to develop a mobile solid fuel ICBM. The project was named "Temp-20" which would then become the RT-21 Temp 2S. On 14 March 1972 testing of "Air-20" started at the state RVSN (Plesetsk Cosmodrome) in the Arkhangelsk region. Tests were completed in December 1974. This secret launch site was under command of the fellow Georgian Lt.General Galaktion Alpaidze who was in charge of the Soviet missile program and from 1975 was also a deputy director of the Moscow Institute for Thermal Technology. On 21 February 1976 two missile regiments of Temp-20s started their combat duty in Plesetsk.  Prior to that Nadiradze had already created the RSD-10 Pioneer in 1971 which was based on his earlier works on the Temp-2S. Its flight tests went exceptionally well and were completed on 9 January 1976. The mobile missile complex Pioneer was adopted and started its service from 11 March of the same year. His Pioneer would become the base for the later Topol missile. For his third great achievement in Soviet missile technology Nadiradze was awarded Hero of Socialist Labour (gold medal with hammer and sickle) and Order of Lenin. He then developed a heavily improved Pioneer-UTTH (NATO's designation SS-20 Mod 2) which would deliver warheads with three 5–50 kt MIRVs. The new system was adopted by Soviet Strategic Missile Forces on 28 April 1981. On 29 December 1981 Nadiradze was elected a full member (academician) of the USSR Academy of Science in the Department of Mechanics and Control Processes (theoretical and applied mechanics, mechanical engineering and engineering science). He was also awarded second Hero of Socialist Labour  and fourth Order of Lenin by Presidium of USSR Supreme Soviet. When Secretary General Mikhail Gorbachev and U.S. President Reagan signed the Intermediate to Short-Range Missiles treaty on 8 December 1987, the USSR had to destroy 728 of its Pioneer missile complexes. The RT-2PM Topol whose development started by Nadiradze in 1977, was put into active service in 1988, and to this day remains a primary nuclear strike capability of the Russian Federation. The main challenge of the Topol project was to create a suitable battle management system, which was Nadiradze's main focus throughout the entire development. For this last project, Nadiradze received the USSR State Prize in 1987. His work was continued after his death by Boris N. Lapygin. This last achievement in mobile ICBMs stemmed from Alexandre Nadiradze's very first inventions. He wrote over 100 articles in scientific journals and registered over 220 inventions and operating guidelines. His work would prove to be vital for subsequent  developments. He principally established a scientific base for missile systems which would be used by his followers and successors.

Paragraph 19: U.S. Navy aircraft carriers launched aircraft for strikes on the barracks at Vit Thu Lu and Đồng Hới, both just north of the DMZ. The attack on Vit Thu Lu was cancelled because of heavy clouds over the target. The weather was little better at Dong Hoi, home of the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) 325th Infantry Division. A 29-plane strike formation from  approached the target under a low cloud ceiling at 500 knots. The A-4 Skyhawks of attack squadrons VA-153 and VA-155 hit the barracks with rockets and 250-pound bombs. Prepared as they had not been during Operation Pierce Arrow, North Vietnamese antiaircraft gunners threw up a curtain of fire from 37-millimeter guns, automatic weapons and small arms ashore and from Swatow gunboats in the Kien River. Some of this fire hit Lieutenant Edward A. Dickson's A-4 but he continued his attack before ejecting from his crippled plane, however his parachute failed to open and he plunged to his death. Right behind Coral Seas formation came 17 A-4s of VA-212 and VA-216 from the  which dropped their ordnance on already burning and smoking camp facilities as F-8 Crusaders suppressed fire from antiaircraft sites. Completing the mission, RF-8A reconnaissance aircraft rolled in to photograph the scene for naval intelligence analysis. The results were unimpressive. The attack had destroyed or damaged only 22 of the 275 buildings in the camp.

Paragraph 20: After his return from Iran Herrington was unemployed and advertised for work. In August 1977 Herrington returned to the San Jose area "bringing his programming sensibilities" into the emerging FM market at KOME. As program director at KOME, Herrngton, described at that time as "a decidedly non-corporate type who is, in fact, something of a throwback to the early days of FM gurus, returned the station to its free-form roots. Herrington "discarded the card catalog playlist in favor of an eclectic library including art rock, jazz, punk, new wave, and soul within a rock format framework". Herrington was responsible for making that station number one in the Bay Area market and one of the most important stations in the country. According to Don West, former KOME program director, "Mikel was the one who put this station on the map. ... Mikel was into energy. ... There were no ballsy, deep voices. Mikel would toss aside someone with a great voice for someone with a great personality." Herrington is credited with coining KOME's notorious slogan: "The KOME (cum) spot on your dial". Soon after his appointment, Herrington was responsible for recruiting Dennis Erectus out of college and to KOME. By September 1981 Herrington had increased KOME's ratings from 5 to 7.6 in the previous year with a hard-rocking AOR format. Herrington described the approach as "a sound based on 'hooks and boogie'", and promotions that appealed to listeners who "like rock'n'roll but also like craziness and a little bit of humor. So we offer them humor - a somewhat sarcastic and caustic view". At KOME Herrington "had chicken flying contests, with birds pushed out of mailboxes with a toilet plunger. On April Fool's Day he told listeners to cover up their telephone receivers because the phone company was cleaning out the lines and would be blowing dust through them. And he led his whole staff to the homes of listeners to crash their parties". Herrington promised listeners "62 minutes of commercial-free music every hour". Under Herrington, the format was free-form. According to West, "There were walls of albums in the station color-coded by genre, and each had a sheet of paper attached that indicated which cuts were permitted for airplay. On classic albums like the Who's "Who's Next," every song was on the list. "Roughly there were 5,000 songs at your fingertips at any time," West says. "Now you have stations with 300."

Paragraph 21: During the season, the teams play each of the other four times, twice at home and twice away. This makes for a total of 36 games played each season. The teams gain three points for a win, one for a draw, and none for a defeat. Promotion and relegation between divisions is a central feature of the league. At the end of the season, clubs at the top of their division win promotion to the next higher division, while those at the bottom will be relegated to the next lower one. At the end of a season, the top Esiliiga club gains promotion to the Meistriliiga. This is providing that the Esiliiga club meets the licensing criteria of the Meistriliiga. Reserve teams in Estonia play in the same league system as the senior team, however, they must play at least one level below their main side, and are thus ineligible for promotion to the Meistriliiga. Two bottom end clubs of Esiliiga are relegated to the Esiliiga B, and two top clubs of Esiliiga B are promoted to the Esiliiga. The two-legged play-offs for the Meistriliiga spot are contested between the ninth placed (second bottom) club in the Meistriliiga and the second in the Esiliiga, and the two-legged play-offs for the Esiliiga spot are contested between the eighth placed (third bottom) club in the Esiliiga and the third in the Esiliiga B.

Paragraph 22: SH 72 was originally proposed on August 21, 1923 from Cuero to Carmine, absorbing previously designated SH 3B. On March 17, 1924, it extended southwest to Yorktown. On December 21, 1926, it extended to Karnes City. On February 21, 1928, its south end was rerouted to Kenedy. On March 3, 1931, SH 72 Spur to Sweet Home was added, but was not part of the state highway system (it was added to the state highway system on March 16, 1937). On May 15, 1934, SH 72 Bypass was designated in Yoakum. On November 24, 1936, its route had been readjusted, with the section north of Cuero transferred to US 77/SH 44 and SH 128. On November 16, 1937, it extended to Three Rivers. On September 26, 1939, it extended west to Cotulla, replacing part of SH 202, and everything north of Cuero was cancelled (as it was part of US 77). SH 72 Spur and SH 72 Bypass were renumbered Spur 27 (Sweet Home) and Loop 51 (Yoakum). On June 23, 1942, the section from Fowlerton to Three Rivers was either cancelled or transferred to Farm to Market Road 63. On July 31, 1942, the section from Fowlerton to Cotulla was transferred to SH 97. On December 15, 1960, the section from Fowlerton to Three Rivers was transferred back to SH 72, replacing FM 63. On March 2, 1981, the section between Three Rivers and Tilden was relocated around the then-proposed Choke Canyon Reservoir, as the old route would be inundated by the Choke Canyon Reservoir. The section from the junction with  US 87 in Cuero into the city was designated Farm to Market Road 3402 in 1977; this route was extended to the west to US 87 in 1983. FM 3402 was combined with SH 72 on March 31, 1994, completing the current route.

Paragraph 23: In the beginning of 1989, Cooper was promoted to Minister for Police, another challenging portfolio that had been at the heart of the turmoil associated with the Fitzgerald Inquiry.  The report was particularly damaging, since the Nationals faced a statutory general election later that year.  A Newspoll released after the inquiry came out showed the Nationals at only 22 percent—the lowest result ever recorded at the time for a state government in Australia.  Moving Cooper to the Police Ministry was seen as an attempt by Ahern to remove the stigma of Fitzgerald from the area. The effect, however, was to raise Cooper's personal profile among Nationals supporters disaffected with Ahern.  Polls showing Labor having its best chance in years to win government; indeed, if the result of the Newspoll were to be repeated at the election, the Nationals would have been swept out in a massive landslide. Cooper was promoted as an alternative leader to Ahern.  In particular, it was thought he could shore up the National Party's vote in its conservative rural heartland. Portraying himself as a strong leader who was closer to the Bjelke-Petersen mould, Cooper launched a leadership challenge and toppled Ahern as party leader on 25 September.  He was sworn in as premier later that day.

Paragraph 24: During the course of 1941, Japan's foreign policy assumed an increasingly aggressive posture towards the Western powers. In July 1941 Japan occupied the southern half of French Indochina, leading to the United States, Great Britain and the Dutch government in exile which controlled the oil-rich Netherlands East Indies (modern Indonesia) to impose an oil embargo on Japan. As Japan possessed no oil, the embargo threatened to shut down the Japanese economy once its oil reserves were exhausted. Talks were opened to find a solution to the crisis, but it was understood that there was a very real possibility that Japan might try to seize the Netherlands East Indies together with the British colonies of Sarawak, Sabah, Malaya and Burma to provide itself with oil. The British response was a policy of "deterrence diplomacy" of building up British forces in Asia in order to deter the Japanese from choosing war and to encourage Tokyo with continuing with seeking a diplomatic solution to the crisis. As part of the same strategy, Force Z, a force of one battleship, one battlecruiser, and three destroyers was ordered to Singapore to provide a deterrent. A major problem with the British "deterrence diplomacy" was in 1941 Britain was fully engaged in war with Germany and Italy, and it was not possible to build up the level of forces in Asia that could truly deter the Japanese. In a memo, Major-General A. E. Grasett (the outgoing Commander of British Troops in China, and a Canadian himself) argued that increasing the size of the Hong Kong garrison would have "a strong psychological stimulus" and a "salutary effect on the Japanese". Grasett's memo stated that extra two battalions could be "found" in Canada, through he also noted that any "troops supplied by Canada would be practically untrained". However, since the purpose of the Canadian troops in Hong Kong would be to deter the Japanese, not actually fight them, Grasett argued that this would not matter. Grasett's memo was endorsed by the Foreign Secretary, Anthony Eden. In a memo to the Prime Minister Winston Churchill, on 12 September 1941 Eden called Japan an overrated power that would back down if confronted with sufficient British power and approved of sending two Canadian battalions to Hong Kong as the best way to "keep up the pressure". As Churchill had stated he would only make the request to the Canadian government if Eden gave his approval first, Eden's statement that he and the other Foreign Office experts all believed that Japan would be less likely to choose war if faced with a stronger Hong Kong garrison was decisive in winning his support.Ever since the Sino-Japanese war had begun in 1937, Britain had learned in a pro-Chinese neutrality, providing assistance to China under the grounds it was better to keep Japan bogged down in China as the best way of ensuring that Japan did not attack either the Dominions of Australia and New Zealand together with Britain's Asian colonies. The British historian Victor Rothwell wrote: "In the middle 1930s, if China had a Western friend it was Britain. In 1935–36 Britain gave China real help with its finances and showed real concern about Japanese encroachments in north China. Realising that the only hope of inducing Japan to moderate these activities lay in an Anglo-American joint front, Britain proposed that a number of times, but was always rebuffed by Washington".  From time to time, the Chinese leader Chiang Kai-shek hinted that he might be willing to make peace with Japan. Given the crisis caused by the oil embargo, the Foreign Office in London felt it was imperative to keep China fighting and viewed reinforcing the Hong Kong garrison as a symbol of support for China. As the British Army was fully involved in the campaigns in North Africa together with the Horn of Africa a request made on 19 September 1941 to have Canada provide two battalions to Hong Kong. The British request of 19 September stated that "there have been signs of a certain weakening of Japan's attitude towards us" and argued that sending two battalions to Hong Kong would "have a very strong moral effect on the whole of the Far East".

Paragraph 25: Like Peugeot's earlier 205 T16, the mid-engine Lancia Delta S4 was a silhouette race car (for marketing purposes), and shared virtually nothing in terms of construction with the production front-engine Delta. The chassis was a tubular space frame construction much like the 037. It featured long travel double wishbone suspension front and rear, with a single large coil over at the front along with a separate spring and twin shock absorbers at the rear. The bodywork was made of a carbon fibre composite with front and rear bodywork fully detachable for fast replacement due to accident damage, allowing ease of access during on-event servicing. The bodywork featured several aerodynamic aids including bonnet opening behind the front-mounted water radiator with Gurney flap, front splitter and winglets moulded into the front bumper panel, flexible front skirt, and rear deck lid wing that featured both a full aerofoil wind section twinned with a deflection spoiler. The door construction style was brought from the 037 with a hollow shell all-Kevlar construction that had no inner door skin, no door handle or window winder. The door was opened with a small loop and the windows were fixed perspex with small sliding panels to allow ventilation and passing of time cards.

Paragraph 26: The Public Piano Project  in Joshua Tree, California began as a public grand piano Valentine Gift to the community in 1995 as the Self Serve Serenade by artist Piano Bob (aka Bob Fenger).  In 2002 Piano Bob began a donated piano consolidation project building a weather proof outdoor piano from the parts of 3 pianos and installed April 2004 in front of Joshua Tree Health Foods.  It was enjoyed by thousands of Joshua Tree National Park Visitors and locals for nearly 2 years and was reinstalled 20 April 2012 at the Coyote Corner Gift Shop in Joshua Tree as the  first Public Prepared Piano.  The piano is reminiscent of a Gamelan Orchestra prepared with everyday items such as coins, screws, paper mutes, wedged into the strings in a typical John Cage manner (inventor of the prepared piano in the 1940s also see Bob Fenger's Acoustisizer at Prepared piano 2.10).  The Public Prepared Piano is the third phase of the Public Piano Project dedication to unknown closet pianists, art in public places, and instant drum circle fun around a keyboard. Through regular tuning and maintenance of the public pianos another opportunity presented itself for the public to observe, learn and interact with the total Public Piano Project experience.  Questions like:how long does it stay in tune outside? The short answer: the colder the better the more in tune.  The fact that Joshua Tree is in the High Desert above Palm Springs with many 100 degree plus days in the summer gave numerous opportunities for tuning, sharing and exchanging ideas.  The artist's stated intention: 'The Public Piano Project  creates momentary beauty thoughts and ideas that resonate out across fields, parking lots and sidewalks.  It invites others to play along and gives way to song and laughter, accidental bonding and new friends; even possibly an ephemeral center of insight and change'. On 21 December 2012 Piano Bob launched his fourth phase of the Public Piano Project with the Prepared and Unprepared dueling pianos for peace at the Joshua Tree Hospice.  Public Piano Locations Public Piano Tour Pictures 2007.

Paragraph 27: In her doctorate work, Baruchson-Arbib studied the private libraries of the north Italian Jews at the close of the  Renaissance period. This study was later published in the book "Books and Readers", as well as in a French-translated edition with a preface written by Professor Jean-Pierre  Rothschild. The book and the subsequent research publications provide numerous scientific  innovations on the literary interest and printing culture of Jews at the time of the counter-reformation when Hebrew books were  persecuted. The book is based on a collection of manuscripts, altogether amounting to 628 pages that include 438 book  inventories, which were located in the homes of 430 Jews and 8 synagogues of the Mantua Duchy, and which were  presented to the censor, upon his request, for examination in 1595. The entire list of books is written in different  handwriting, and part of the lists mention the name of the owner of the particular library and sometimes his profession.  Altogether, the collection included 21,142 volumes, divided into 1234 titles in Hebrew, Yiddish, Italian, and Latin. The  research by Baruchson-Arbib was based on deciphering and analyzing the entire dataset, in addition to researching the tax  records of the community in an attempt to understand the influence of the socioeconomic background on the content of the  libraries. The censors who were appointed to examine and expurgate the books [including deleting 'forbidden' parts, such as the  words "Goy" (gentile, non-Jew), idolater, etc.] were three apostates, headed by Domenico Gerosolimitano. The censors,  who were highly paid by the Jewish community, visited the Jewish homes, deleted the 'forbidden' parts in red ink (which, to  this day, allows reading the text underneath the ink), and signed their names on the last page of the books to affirm that the  books do not contain anti-Christian paragraphs. Thus, Baruchson-Arbib concluded that all were satisfied with the arrangement;  the church, which censored the books, the Jews, whose books were not burned (thus allowing them to study and pray), and Duke of Mantua, who continued to receive taxes from the Jews. Years later, Domenico Gerosolimitano wrote the "Index Librorum Prohibitorum" (Sefer ha-Zikkuk) – a guide to the forbidden parts in the books of Jews. The life and work of Domenico  Gerosolimitano, who was originally a Rabbi in Israel, were studied extensively by a doctorate student of Baruchson-Arbib, Dr.  Gila Prebor.

Paragraph 28: The football team won the South Jersey Group IV state sectional title in 2002, 2004, 2013, and 2014, and the South Jersey Group III title in 2007 and 2008. The Shawnee football team won its third South Jersey state sectional championship in 2007, the first in Group III, rebounding from a disappointing 2006 season in which they had a losing record for the first time in nine years. The Renegades repeated as South Jersey Group III Champs in 2008 with a 28–7 win against Hammonton High School. Their two other state titles were won in 2002 and 2004 in Group IV, where they returned in 2009. The 2002 team won the program's first title with a 14–10 win over Washington Township High School, despite being shut out 10–0 in the first half of the final. The '04 team went a perfect 12–0 in one of the toughest conferences in South Jersey to win the title with a 26–13 win over Washington Township. When Seneca High School was built, Shawnee waited two years to drop down from Group IV competition to Group III. Area growth has brought Shawnee back to Group IV while Seneca remains in Group III. Coached by Tim Gushue, the Renegades are perennial powerhouses in South Jersey.  The Shawnee Renegades finished the season with a 9–3 record and won the 2013 South Jersey Group IV championship, the program's fifth sectional title, with a 31–22 win against top-seeded Timber Creek Regional High School in a game played at Rowan University; the Renegades won against third seed Hammonton High School by 10–7 in the quarterfinals and erased a 24–0 deficit in the semifinals to win against second-seeded Toms River South High School by a score of 28–24. The team won the South Jersey Group IV state sectional title in 2017, the program's seventh, with a 41–6 win in the playoff championship game against Hammonton High School; the team scored 40 or more points in each of the three rounds of the tournament, including a 41–0 shutout of fifth-seeded Absegami High School in the first round and a 40–7 win against top-seeded Moorestown High School in the semifinals. The football team has a rivalry with Cherokee High School, listed 22nd on NJ.com's 2017 list "Ranking the 31 fiercest rivalries in N.J. HS football". Cherokee leads the rivalry with a 28-17-1 record as of 2017.

Paragraph 29: Morrison then began a correspondence with Roberts, who eventually "confessed" to being the Kid, and detailed his supposed exploits as an outlaw. He told anecdotes that if true would fill in undocumented gaps in many aspects of the life of Billy the Kid, and asked for Morrison's help in acquiring the full pardon he said he had been promised by New Mexico Governor Lew Wallace in 1879, but which was subsequently withdrawn. He showed his ability to slip out of handcuffs, and said that Pat Garrett had actually shot and killed another gunslinger named Billy Barlow and had passed his body off as the Kid's, which had allowed the Kid to vanish and escape to Mexico. The only three witnesses to the alleged killing of the Kid by Pat Garrett were Garrett himself and Deputies John W. Poe and Thomas McKinney. While McKinney claimed to slightly know the Kid, Poe had never previously laid eyes on him. Within moments after the shooting by Garrett, Poe told Garrett he had "shot the wrong man";  since it was too dark in the room for a visual identification, Garrett claimed he knew it was the Kid by his voice, though all present had only heard whispers.  Ultimately, both Poe and McKinney agreed with Garrett, but McKinney recanted years later and claimed like Poe before him that Garrett had killed someone else. Local residents of Fort Sumner also immediately disputed the death of the Kid. Garrett hastily assembled an official inquest by political cronies, and clinched his claim to the killing and all outstanding rewards. The body was quickly buried the following day in a grave that vanished in floods over the years; the grave as marked today likely contains no remains at all and requests for an exhumation have been officially denied.

Paragraph 30: 'The Day After Tomorrow (October 1950)Amazing Adele (September 1950) – Westport Country PlayhouseReview of play at VarietyThe Importance of Being Earnest (June 1951) – Santa Monica dinner theatre with Jane DarwellBroadway Bill (Aug 1952) – Pasadena PlayhouseCandida (April–May 1952) – US tour then National Theatre New York – with Olivia de HavillandSweet Peril (December 1952) – London – with Michael Denison and Dulcie GrayReview of play at VarietyYou Never Can Tell (August 1953) – La Jolla PlayhouseThe Fifth Season (Feb-May 1954) – tour of UK then Cambridge Theatre, LondonSabrina Fair (August-Nov 1954) – national tour of EnglandThe Caine Mutiny Court Martial (March–May 1955) – Australian tourFavonia (July 1956) – UK tourThe World of Suzie Wong (Oct 1958–Jan 1960) – Broadhurst Theatre and 54th St Theatre, New York – 508 performancesReview of Broadway show at VarietyMary, Mary (1963) – Queens Theatre, London – with Maggie SmithThere's a Girl in My Soup (May-Oct 1967) – Australian tourCome Live with Me (Feb 1971) – Philip St Theatre, SydneyButley (Oct 1972–Feb 73) – Morosco Theatre, New York – standby for Alan BatesChampagne Complex (1974) – Macleay Theatre, Potts Point, NSWSherlock Holmes (Feb 1975–Jan 76) – Broadhurst Theatre, New York – joined cast during runMrs Warren's Profession (Feb-April 1976) – Vivian Beaumont Theatre, New York – with Lynn RedgraveNo Man's Land (Nov-Dec 1976) – Longacre Theatre, New York – standby player for Ralph RichardsonMeasure for Measure (1976) – New YorkTunnel Fever (May 1979) – New YorkBent (Dec 1979–June 1980) – New Apollo Theatre, New York – with Richard Gere, ran 241 performancesMeasure for Measure (July 1981) – San DiegoDuet for One (Dec 1981–Jan 82) – Royale Theatre, New York – standby player for Max von SydowGhosts (June 1982) – Adelphi FestivalRobert and Elizabeth (October 1982) – Paper Mill Playhouse, Milburn, New JerseyThe Patrick Pease Motel (March 1984) – Riverwest Theatre, New YorkManoeuvres (April 1985) – South St Theatre, New YorkCandida in Concert (April 1985) – a one off readingSwan Song (November 1986) – Mazur Theatre, New YorkMan for all Seasons (Jan 1987)Rozencrantz and Guilderstern are Dead (May 1987) – off Broadway, New York – as PoloniusKing Lear (Nov 1990) – with Hal HolbrookBrigadoon (Nov 1991) – New York State TheatreThe School for Scandal (Nov-Dec 1995) – Lyceum Theatre, New York – with Tony Randall