Paragraph 1:  A blind healer Lapis meets in Sable mine after being rescued in the desert. She is something of a leader for the Spars in the capital city, being practical and compassionate as well as possessing powers of healing and divination. When the habit Pyrope raises water taxes and conscripts all the young men in the city, she goes as the representative of the people to beg for mercy from the taxation and the conscription. Pyrope, noticing her beauty, makes a deal with her: no more water taxes and conscription of only half the young men in return for her permanent servitude in his palace. During that time, she comes to fall in love with Pyrope, though he infuriates her with his lewdness and violence. It comes to the point where she saves him after he takes a poisoned arrow for her, and he comes to realize that he cares deeply for her. The two finally consummate their love, though it is revealed that Silica, with her ability of foresight, knew that she was destined to love him, though she tried her very best not to fall in love with him. When Diamond infiltrates the city, she and Pyrope escape the palace, only to face a contingent of Diamond's guard, who take Silica hostage. Unable to risk her, Pyrope becomes seriously injured before killing all the guards. Seeing Pyrope slowly dying, Silica tries to heal him, only to realize that she lost her healing ability because she is pregnant with Pyrope's child. In the meantime, Lapis comes to rescue her, even as Diamond comes charging in. Pyrope stays behind to guard their escape and is killed by Diamond. At his death, Silica faints, lost in grief. It is not explicitly told what happens to her during the years Lapis travels through the mines but it is implied she is in contact with the growing group, though settled down somewhere for the sake of her and Pyrope's son. She does come back to help harden Lapis's resolve with a chilling prophecy given in a trance state. After the wars in the Twelve Mines, she remains as a healer, delivering Carnelian's and Lothesite's child. It is only at that child's christening she finally names her son, naming him Lapis. "Silica" is a possible reference to silicon.

Paragraph 2: Anil Anto and his wife Amala shift from Kottarakara and settle down with the help of his friends in Kochi. They rent a small apartment and slowly settle down to their lives. Anil works for a cable TV company as a technician. "Gorilla" Darwin is a well known gangster, who, along with his brothers, rules the Kochi underworld. Meanwhile, Amala is pregnant, and she and her husband are very happy. During a drive by, Darvin's brother steals Amala's chain and pushes her down, causing a miscarriage. Their lives turn due to this incident. They complain to the police, but to no avail. During an installation, Anil sees the person who caused this problem. He chases them and gets into a fight. He brutally beats him up and takes him to the police. The police inspector is a cousin of Darvin and abuses Anil for beating up a culprit. He then calls up Darvin to come to pick up his brother. Darvin picks his brother from the police station and insults Anil by giving some money for Anil to get his wife a new chain. Anil slaps Darvin, which causes a scene. Darvin retreats back. Anil then faces Darvin's wrath. Darvin and the gang slowly steal every belonging from Anil and leave them with just an empty apartment. Anil loses all his possessions. A friendly policeman then explains that this is Darvin's style of reacting and he cannot do anything about it. After all this, Anil takes help from a small-time gangster to try to kidnap Darvin's child and fails spectacularly in a comedic fashion. They decide to kidnap Darvin's younger brother Gilli, who is a film buff. They make a ransom call to Darvin, only to be rebutted. While browsing through the photos on Gilli's phone, Anil finds the photo of a golden statue belonging to the church in their area. He realises that Darvin in the pretext of repairing the church has switched the golden one for a duplicate statue and holds the golden one in his chicken farm. Anil then steals this statue from the farm and starts negotiating with Darvin, knowing that Darvin has a deal fixed to sell this statue to a foreign customer. He asks Darvin to give him his stuff, not new but the exact items were stolen from him. Beginning a cat-and-mouse game, pushing Darvin's patience. The final item is Anil's bike, which was stolen from him and sold to Darvin's rival. Darvin fights with his rival Solomon to get the bike back. However, as Solomon tries to kill Darvin, Anil intervenes and helps Darvin out. Darvin initially plans to finish Anil for good once he tells him the location of the golden statue; however, he has a change of heart after Anil helps him out.

Paragraph 3: While at the airport, Bart and Homer meet recruiters for the Movementarians, a new religious movement, who invite Homer and many Springfield residents to their compound. There, an orientation film tells that a mysterious man known as "The Leader" will guide Movementarians aboard a spaceship to the planet Blisstonia, with audience members being pressured to sit back down and continue watching by having a spotlight shone on them. The lengthy film brainwashes the attendees into worshipping The Leader, except for Homer, who was not paying attention. After failing to brainwash Homer through humiliation and starvation, the recruiters succeed with a chant to the tune of the Batman theme song.

Paragraph 4: As part of the construction of Grand Central Terminal, the New York Central started planning a hotel on the city block bounded by Madison Avenue, 44th Street, Vanderbilt Avenue, and 43rd Street. It was to be one of two hotels adjacent to the terminal; there would be another hotel on Lexington Avenue to the east. The New York Central formally announced plans for the 23-story Biltmore Hotel on Madison Avenue in February 1912; the railroad wanted to maximize usage of the site, which was largely occupied by the new terminal's railroad tracks. The hotel was to be named after the Biltmore Estate in North Carolina, itself named for the last syllable of the Vanderbilt family's name. the hotel would be developed by the New York Central and the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad. The New York State Realty and Terminal Company, a division of the New York Central, leased the hotel to Gustav Baumann, operator of the Holland House hotel. In March 1912, Warren and Wetmore filed plans with the New York City Department of Buildings for the 26-story hotel, which was projected to cost $4.5 million. Baumann hired John McEntee Bowman that May to manage the hotel, and Bowman supervised the Biltmore's development.

Paragraph 5: This symbology, derived from the RM4SCC system used by the British Royal Mail, uses a series of bars, each of which can individually have one of four possible states, to encode information used in automated sortation and delivery onto each piece of mail.  Each bar can either be short and centred (known as a tracker), medium and elevated (an ascender), medium and lowered (a descender), or full height.  This symbology also uses an element known as a Data Content Identifier (or DCI), which specifies what types of information are encoded into each barcode, such as postal codes, customer information, and exact delivery points.  The information that goes into each barcode is obtained from the address printed on the front of the envelope it is ultimately printed on, as well as the physical dimensions of each piece of mail.  This code also uses a Reed-Solomon error correction technique, so that in case a particular piece of mail is mishandled, the information encoded in the barcode can still be correctly decoded.

Paragraph 6: The championship final round is between Harold and Sidney. Agnes tells Harold she used to be engaged to Sidney, but broke it off after he used a Number Three iron when she told him to take a Number Four. Sidney is large, intimidating, and jealous. He threatens to injure Harold, but Harold convinces him to postpone it by pointing out that posterity would not look well on Sidney for winning the match that way. Harold lets Sidney win the match and tries to flatter him. Nonetheless, Sidney still threatens Harold afterwards. Harold knocks Sidney over a bridge into the water and flees. He later returns to his house, but sees through the window that Sidney is waiting there. Agnes comes and tells Sidney she means to end her engagement with Harold, because he played so badly in the competition. Sidney tells her he should have used a Number Four when she said so, and they renew their engagement. Troon comes as they leave. Harold approaches her and is surprised when she embraces him. She explains that she had thought Harold was having a fit of some kind when he was gargling, and left to get a doctor. She only realized later that he was proposing when another man did the same thing. She fell in love with Harold when they met. He admits that he cannot keep up being scratch and should have a handicap around ten. She reveals that she has always dreamed of marrying a man with a handicap around ten, because she has also struggled to make herself scratch and would be happier letting herself slip back to ten.

Paragraph 7: During the early 1960s, Brazil's defense industry was negligible and limited largely to producing small arms or refurbishing obsolete US military equipment. Between 1964 and 1967 the Brazilian government launched a program to revitalize the arms industry in response to growing US reluctance to transfer modern defense technology otherwise needed for its own war effort in Vietnam. This provided the impetus for a number of Brazilian engineering firms to begin developing new weapons for domestic purposes, namely Engenheiros Especializados SA (Engesa). In 1967 design work began on a new wheeled armored car to replace the ageing M8 Greyhound then in service with the reconnaissance units of the Brazilian Army. This would evolve into the EE-9 Cascavel, which was based on an upgraded Greyhound with a new engine and suspension features. Engesa president José Luiz Whitaker Ribeiro created the final design plans for the Cascavel and for a parallel project known as the Carro Transporte de Tropas Anfíbio (CTTA), which was to be an amphibious troop-carrying variant mounted on a similar chassis. The first prototype was completed in 1970. In late 1973, the Brazilian Navy accepted the CTTA for preliminary trials with the Marine Corps. The former later declined to purchase the vehicle type in large numbers and only ordered 6. Brazilian Army officials were more forthcoming and ordered 217. Mass production of the CTTA commenced in 1974. The vehicles were assembled in a new, purpose-built factory Engesa had constructed in São José dos Campos. The first CTTAs entered service with the Brazilian Army the following year as the EE-11 Urutu.

Paragraph 8: Jim Bambra reviewed Greyhawk Adventures for Dragon magazine No. 143 (March 1989). Bambra commented on the book: "As a sourcebook which further elaborates on an existing world, Greyhawk Adventures is a collection of independent sections with little in the way of crossover between each one. The writing style reflects the large number of contributors involved, with the tone varying from lively and evocative to dry and rules-orientated, with the emphasis on mechanics." He noted that while the book was primarily aimed at World of Greyhawk fans, players of campaigns set in other worlds would find much to interest them, such as new spells, magical items, and monsters; also, the descriptions of NPCs and of Greyhawk's deities and clerics can act as templates for similar deities and characters in other campaigns, and the adventures and the section on zero-level characters could also be used in any campaign. Bambra felt that some of the content would be less likely to be of interest to non-Greyhawk campaign players, but that it can still serve as a source of inspiration: "Greyhawk Adventures has something in it for everyone, but its wide diversity of topics tends to dilute its overall impact and usefulness." He found the section on avatars useful, but felt that "it would have benefited by describing the things that avatars do and providing motivations for why a particular deity would send an avatar to Oerth in the first place". Bambra felt that most of the information on how to play clerics was readily accessible, but that the rules on spheres would only come to light once the AD&D 2nd Edition game was published. He felt that while the book defined clerics well in game terms, it could have included more information on how clerics should conduct themselves in the pursuit of their deities' aims and more information detailing the myths and legends associated with the deities. He considered the "Monsters of Greyhawk" section neatly laid out with all the essential information presented in a tabulated form, an insight into how the AD&D 2nd Edition game would likely be presented, and he considered the new monsters "useful". Bambra concludes the review with an overall evaluation of the book: "Greyhawk Adventures attempts to be many things to many people. Assuming this is its aim, it succeeds admirably, for everyone who looks at it will find something of interest. However, considered as a whole, it is less successful. Even hardened fans of the World of Greyhawk fantasy setting may be disappointed as Greyhawk Adventures adds little to the background of Oerth, instead providing useful add-ons and enhancements. [...] Don’t get me wrong—Greyhawk Adventures includes some very good material, and it's a useful purchase for those of you looking for new spells, magical items, ways to make clerics more interesting, and for inspiration in the adventure department. It's just that I cannot shake the feeling that Greyhawk Adventures has spread itself too thin."

Paragraph 9: Granite Peak is often considered the second most difficult state high point to climb after Denali in Alaska, due to technical climbing, poor weather, and route finding. Granite Peak's first ascent was made by Elers Koch, James C. Whitham, and R.T. Ferguson on August 29, 1923, after several failed attempts by others. It was the last of the state high points to be climbed. Today, climbers typically spend two or three days ascending the peak, stopping over on the Froze-to-Death Plateau, although some climbers choose to ascend the peak in a single day. Another route that has gained popularity in recent years is the Southwest Couloir route, a non-technical route from the south starting near Cooke City; climbers generally take two days to complete it.

Paragraph 10: There are historical records that attest to the presence of Jews in pagan Armenia, before the spread of Christianity in the region by St. Gregory the Illuminator in 301 AD. Early medieval Armenian historians, such as 5th century Historian Moses Khorenatsi, held that during the conquest of Armenian King Tigranes the Great (95–55 BC) he brought with him 10,000 Jewish captives to the ancient Kingdom of Armenia (which encompassed what is commonly known as Greater Armenia) when he retreated from Judea, because of the Roman attack on Armenia (69 BC). Tigranes II invaded Syria, and probably northern Israel as well. A large Jewish population was settled in Armenia from the 1st century BC. One city in particular, Vartkesavan became an important commercial center. Thus, Armenia's Jewish community was established. Like the rest of Armenia's population, they suffered the consequences of regional powers trying to divide and conquer the country. By 360–370 AD, there was a massive increase in Jewish Hellenistic immigration into Armenia; many Armenian towns became predominately Jewish. During this period (4th century AD), after the conquest of Armenia by the Sassanid King Shapur II he deported thousands of Jewish families from Persian Armenia and resettled them at Isfahan (modern Iran).

Paragraph 11: When the monsoon season passed and Oskar was back on the water, he reached Chennai where he got a new kayak. He then continued to travel along the coast of India until he reached Kolkata in January 1936. A few months later, just off the Burmese coast, Oskar happened to kayak through another monsoon. He would be driven off course, and he would spend 30–40 hours paddling to get himself back on route. As Oskar left Singapore on another new kayak, he headed to Jakarta, from which he continued to paddle east. However, he was often dehydrated, exhausted and sunburnt and unable to find a food supply. During this stage in his voyage, Oskar was also stricken down with malaria again, as a result the voyage was again interrupted. During this period, locals who were initially welcoming of Oskar, would turn hostile due to the language barrier between the German migrant and the locals. An incident occurred in Indonesia where he was beaten by 20 men leaving him semi-conscious with a punctured eardrum. Oskar managed to escape by chewing through the ropes he was tied with before sailing away in his kayak. Oskars recount on this incident as documented in the Australasian Post Magazine:"The other natives closed in. Five or six of them held me down, half in and half out of the kayak. They all clung to me like leeches. Strong hands clutched my hair. With the strength of despair I tore one hand free from them and strove to pull the hands from my throat... With strips of dried buffalo hide some of them tied my legs and hands, while others looted the kayak. By the hair, they dragged my trussed body some yards across the sand. They constantly kicked me. They picked me up, carried me a short distance, then dropped me a few yards from the water."Back out at sea, he was not permitted to travel a shorter route, but rather a longer via the north of New Guinea. Oskar reached Port Moresby in August, before continuing down to the Saibai Island in the far north of Australia, in September 1939. The voyage took Oskar seven years and four months. Upon arrival, a group of locals welcomed Oskar, but he was arrested by three police officers among the locals and sent to a prisoner-of-war camp due to his German background. The three officers welcoming and congratulating Oskar as documented as in the Australasian Post Magazine: “Well done, feller... You’ve made it — Germany to Australia in that. But now we’ve got a piece of bad news for you. You are an enemy alien. We are going to intern you.”

Paragraph 12: The Chita-Khabarovsk road remained largely unfinished up until early 2004, when Russian President Vladimir Putin symbolically opened the Amur Highway, with great swaths of forest separating major portions from one another. Jim Oliver and Dennis O'Neil rode motorbikes across Russia, along the Trans-Siberian Highway, during the last week of May and the first three weeks of June in 2004: back then, as described in Jim Oliver's book, Lucille and The XXX Road, the section between Chita and Khabarovsk was an extremely challenging undertaking among marsh, gravel, rock, mud (vulnerable to the rasputitsa seasons), sand, washboard, potholes, stream fording and detours of the elusive highway with a noticeable absence of pavement which leads into cases of probable surface tension which can cause the highway to collapse. In the following years the road, in some places was a modern paved highway with painted reflective lane-lines, while in others a single lane meandering, pockmarked, loose-gravel trail following the route of the early 20th century Amur Cart Road. Completion of a 7-metre-wide highway between Chita and Khabarovsk was slated for 2010: now the road is in very good condition, completely upgraded and enlarged and with a smooth surface. The Amur Highway was fully reconstructed and paved in September 2010.

Paragraph 13: Broad was tipped to fall out of Richmond's best 22 by AFL Media in the summer before the 2019 season, though strong performances in each of the club's two pre-season matches would ultimately earn him selection in round 1's season-opening match against . The loss of All-Australian defender and teammate Alex Rance to an ACL injury in that match however, would force Broad into a more defensive role than in seasons past. His performances were unremarkable over the next fortnight as the Richmond defence conceded 36 goals over two matches, before stabilising with a win over  in round 4 in which Broad ably accounted for opponent Justin Westhoff. He was one of just two Richmond's first-choice defenders to play in each of the club's first eight matches of the year, including in a win over  in round 8 where he kicked his first career goal and played partially as a relief ruck after Toby Nankervis suffered a mid-match injury. After 11 matches, Broad was one of just six players to appear in all Richmond matches that season. That run was not to continue into round 12 however, after was Broad was dropped back to VFL football for the first time since the start of 2018. It was a short stint at that level, immediately recalled to AFL football in round 13. He played in each of the club's unbeaten nine game winning streak to close out the home and away season, including in round 16 when he equaled a career-best with eight marks over . Broad played in his 50th career AFL match in round 22 during that run, passing that mark to claim the best winning percentage (80 per cent) of any active AFL player with 50 or more games played. Despite a career-low two disposals, Broad was highly effective in defence during the club's first final, a qualifying final victory over the  at The Gabba. Broad was again subdued offensively but strong defensively in the first half of the preliminary final against . In the second half however, Broad suffered a head knock and concussion that saw him removed from the remainder of the match as his teammates won through to a grand final match up against . In the week that followed, he was the subject of intense media speculation around his fitness to play including revelations that Broad suffered memory loss covering the entirety of the preliminary final. Broad passed all concussion tests later that week and was ultimately selected to play in the grand final where he and the Richmond defence kept the Giants to 25 points, their lowest score in the club's eight-year history and the lowest score by any team in a VFL/AFL grand final since 1960. According to AFL Media, Broad "played his role superbly" while directly defending Harry Himmelberg. Broad finished the year having played a career-best 24 matches, winning a second AFL premiership in three seasons and placing 16th in the club's best and fairest count.

Paragraph 14: "The Furubotn purge" (Furubotn-oppgjøret) is the term that has been applied to the turbulent split of the Norwegian Communist party in 1949. Strand Johansen, who was the main organizer of NKP's election campaign in 1949, was central also in the internal conflict that ensued and headed the faction that opposed Peder Furubotn – the "Løvlien faction" as it was named after party chairman Emil Løvlien. In the book Fiendebilde Wollweber (Enemy picture Wollweber) by Norwegian historian Lars Borgersrud, Strand Johansen is portrayed as a vitriolic opponent of the Furubotn faction. The conflict climaxed on 26 October 1949, when Strand Johansen together with five or more people showed up in the party offices in Klingenberggata 4 and kicked out Furubotn's supporters. The purge began six days prior when he had initiated the move against Furubotn at a meeting of trustees of the Oslo party, levelling  against the supporters of Peder Furubotn fierce accusations of factionalism and of having set up an illegitimate party leadership – "the second center". In the following days the attacks continued during other party meetings, and on 25 October the central board decided to investigate the accusations and present them to the leadership of Cominform. In the meantime all individuals that had been accused by Strand Johansen would resign from their positions and a new central board was to be constituted. After the removal of Furubotn's people on 26 October, assisted by among others Asbjørn Sunde and Ragnar "Pelle" Sollie, Strand Johansen saw to it that Furubotn was excluded by the newly constituted central board which contained no supporters of Furubotn. Both during this commotion and during the next parliamentary campaign in 1953 witnesses described Johansen as mentally disturbed, initially as a natural reaction of disappointment at the obliteration of the communist representation in the parliament. In 1953 it was even suggested that Johansen should be sent off, either to the countryside or «exported» to the USSR. Asbjørn Sunde even suggested that Johansen be assassinated but received no support for such a drastic measure. Hans I. Kleven who himself was excluded from the party in the purge but was later invited back and went on to become its leader in the 1980s, has characterized Strand Johansen as a "sick, yes, a hysterical person," attributing these traits to the concentration camp period.

Paragraph 15: Ivanovic's struggles after winning the 2008 French Open were well documented. After that victory, she was overwhelmed by attention and endured an ongoing period of reduced success, failing to make a Grand Slam quarterfinal in her subsequent 17 Grand Slam tournaments, and dropping as low as No. 65 in the rankings during July 2010. In 2012, Ivanovic reached her first Grand Slam quarterfinal since her French Open victory at the 2012 US Open, thereby achieving the feat of reaching the quarterfinals at all four Grand Slam tournaments, and finished with a year-end top 15 ranking for the first time since 2008. In 2014, Ivanovic enjoyed a resurgence, beginning with her victory in the Auckland Open, her first singles title in over two years, before going on to win the Monterrey Open, Aegon Classic and the Pan Pacific Open. She qualified for competition in the WTA Tour Championships and secured a year-end ranking of No. 5, signifying her return to the world's elite. In 2015, Ivanovic made it to the semifinals of a major for the first time in seven years at the French Open. In late December 2016, she announced her retirement, citing being no longer able to perform to a high standard as a major factor.

Paragraph 16: Beginning in 1937, VF squadron designation numbers were determined by the hull number of the aircraft carrier (CV) from which they operated. VF-3 for example belonged to the Saratoga's Air Group as USS Saratoga was CV 3. When the ship named Air Groups were given designation numbers themselves, their designation numbers matched the CV hull numbers, the Saratoga Air Group became Carrier Air Group Three (CVG-3) and CVG-3's VF squadron was VF-3. With the massive buildup of WWII the CVG numbers became divorced from CV hull numbers, but the CVG's squadrons were still numbered with the CVG to which they were assigned so, VF-6 was the fighter squadron assigned to CVG-6 and VF-81 was the fighter squadron assigned to CVG-81. Before and during WWII each ship named Air Group and CVG had only one VF squadron assigned so numbering the VF squadron with the ship hull number or CVG designation number worked well. There were a few exceptions and in those cases either a second digit was added (VF-41 and VF-42) or a letter was added (VF-74A and VF-74B), but those instances were rare. After the war the CVG and squadron designation system was changed. CVGs were redesignated CVAG, CVBG, CVLG and CVEG according to the type of aircraft carrier to which they were assigned and they were all designated with odd numbers. Each had two VF squadrons assigned which were designated VF-1A and VF-2A for CVAG-1, VF-3A and VF-4A for CVAG-3, VF-1B and VF-2B for CVBG-1 etc... On 1 Sep 1948 the designation system changed again dropping the "A", "B", "L" and "E" from both the CVG designations and from the squadron designations. CVGs were numbered sequentially beginning with CVG-1 and each had three VF squadrons assigned which were numbered sequentially by using the CVG number followed by a single digit, so CVG-1's VF squadrons were designated VF-11, VF-12 and VF-13 and CVG-11's VF squadrons were designated VF-111, VF-112 and VF-113 etc... Beginning in 1949 most CVGs received a fourth VF squadron (VF-14, VF-24, VF-114 etc...). These varied designation systems used through the years resulted in squadron designations being reused for completely unrelated squadrons; take the designations VF-11, VF-12 and VF-13 for example. The first use of each of those designations was used to designate the single VF squadron of each of three different CVGs during WWII, CVG-11, CVG-12 and CVG-13. The second use of those designations designated three VF squadrons of CVG-1 after 1 September 1948.

Paragraph 17: In 1996, before her time on Wishbone Mikaila was signed to the independent record label Union Records and released her debut gospel album titled This Little Light. The proceeds from the album were to help benefit children who lost their parents in the 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing. The following year, Mikaila released her second album titled Dreams. In 1998 Mikaila sang America The Beautiful and This Little Light of Mine on the movie soundtrack for Wishbone's Dog Days of the West. Three years later, in 2000, at the age of 13, Mikaila left Union Records and was signed to Island Records. Her song "So In Love With Two" went to No. 29 on the Rhythmic Top 40 Billboard chart, No. 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 27 on Billboards Top 40 Mainstream. In 2001 Mikaila released her third and final studio album Mikaila (album). That same year her family moved to California so that she could pursue her pop career. The album itself went to No. 20 on the Top Heatseekers chart. Mikaila received mixed reviews. Her second and final single "It's All Up To You" didn't chart well. Mikaila released a remix CD single for "So In Love With Two" and a Spanish version of the song in 2001. In 2000, Mikaila was the opening act for Britney Spears during her Oops!... I Did It Again Tour. She also sang at Jingle Ball 2000. That same year Mikaila performed her song "So In Love With Two" in the 74th Annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. In 2001 Mikaila Enriquez sang her song "Perfect World" for the movie soundtrack for Get Over It (film). Before Mikaila retired from singing she released her final album in Spanish. Due to her career failing Mikaila retired from acting and singing in 2002. She left Island Records. After retiring from acting and singing Mikaila's family moved to Sun City, Arizona. After graduating from high school Mikaila moved to Phoenix, Arizona.

Paragraph 18: On 26 March 2005 it was reported in the combined weekend edition of the Rocky Mountain News and The Denver Post that acting Secretary of the Air Force, Peter B. Teets had recommended in a memo to Donald Rumsfeld, Defense Secretary that former commanders and other Air Force officers, now mostly retired, who were implicated in the sexual assault scandal by the inspection by the inspector general's office and the Fowler Commission not be prosecuted as they had "acted in good faith" and "were not intentionally or willfully derelict in their duties" as they attempted to deal with the sexual assault issue. Continuing, Teets wrote, "Moreover, any mistakes or misjudgments some of them may have made are mitigated by the complexity of the issues they faced, the necessity of policy trade-offs and compromises, and the difficulty of measuring program effectiveness... . The record of missed warning signs is disturbing, but these officers acted in good faith to discharge their responsibilities to act in the cadet's best interests by taking bold steps to deter sexual assaults and implement effective reporting procedures... . Given their uniform excellence and long service to the Air Force and their country, I have determined that taking the highly unusual step of imposing disciplinary action against these retired members under these circumstances is not warranted."

Paragraph 19: Kenwood, one of Chicago's 77 community areas, is on the shore of Lake Michigan on the South Side of the city. Its boundaries are 43rd Street, 51st Street, Cottage Grove Avenue, and the lake. Kenwood was originally part of Hyde Park Township, which was annexed to the city of Chicago in 1889. Kenwood was once one of Chicago's most affluent neighborhoods, and it still has some of the largest single-family homes in the city. It contains two Chicago Landmark districts, Kenwood and North Kenwood. A large part of the southern half of the community area is in the Hyde Park-Kenwood Historic District. In recent years, Kenwood has received national attention as the home of former U.S. President Barack Obama.

Paragraph 20: The Vrbas Banovina is bounded, from the north-eastern boundary of the district of Dvor (south-west of Kostajnica) by the river Una to the point where it flows into the Sava; it then follows the course of the Sava, which it leaves to follow the eastern boundaries of the districts of Derventa and Gračanica, as far as the river Bosna at the village of Dolac. It then continues along the south-western boundary of the district of Maglaj as far as the intersection of the boundaries of the three districts of Tešanj, Maglaj and Žepče. From this point the boundary of the Banovina follows the northern boundary of the districts of Žepče, Zenica, and Travnik, to mount Vlasić (Ljuta Greda hill 1740); thence it passes by hill 1446, following the eastern slope of the Lesina (hill 1433), hill 1057, the Jelić (hill 1192), hill 1018, hill 1139, the Obrenovac, (hill 1167), and then across the Radanja Planina, (hill 1366) and the Igrališta, (hill 1085), and up to the Rakovec (hill 1217). From this point the boundary passes the villages of Podripci and Sultanović, and then passes between the villages of Gmići and Guvno to the Osoj (hill 888); it continues along the ridge, following the Šuljaga (hill 1533), the Demirovac (hill 1724), and the Crni Vrh (hill 1403), to the Mali Vitorog (hill 1748). From the Mali Vitorog the frontier follows the eastern and then the south-western boundary of the district of Glamoč to the foot of hill 1156, on mount Staretina; from there the boundary cuts the western part of the plain of Livno, to the Troglav (hill 1913) on the south-western boundary of the district of Livno, and follows this line to the Veliki Bat (hill 1851). From this point the boundary continues following the southern and western boundaries of the district of Bosanski Petrovac as far as the intersection of the boundaries of the three districts of Donji Lapac, Knin, and also Bosanski Petrovac. From this point to the north-eastern boundary of the district of Dvor (south-west of Kostajnica) the boundary coincides with the boundary ... of the Sava Banovina.

Paragraph 21: The WWF Championship match was delayed when Mankind tried to have Vince McMahon and The Rock admit that he had not submitted at the previous event. When they refused to, Mankind ripped up his contract allowing Rock to skip the match and started brutally attacking Rock, smacking his head around the ring before taking him inside the ring and running him into the turnbuckles. McMahon then told referee Mike Chioda to disqualify Mankind for any kind of offense, no matter how small. While Mankind was distracted with Mr. McMahon talking, Rock recovered and clotheslined Mankind, taking him to the outside and using the steel steps against him before suplexing him. When they returned to the ring Mankind almost recovered, but as he went to perform an elbow drop from the turnbuckle, Shane McMahon held down his foot stopping him from jumping and letting Rock drag him to the ground, leaving him so injured that Rock had enough time to join the commentary team as he recovered. After being spat at in the face, Mankind jumped over the announce table into The Rock and then went to use a steel chair only to be stopped by Chioda. Rock, though, had no such restraints and launched Mankind into the chair with a DDT. When they returned to the ring Rock scooped Mankind into position for the Corporate Elbow but could not successfully secure the pin afterward. When they resumed fighting Mankind managed to fight back eventually headbutting Rock's crotch. Vince then reminded the referee he was to disqualify Mankind for any offense but before he could call for the bell, Mankind grabbed him and knocked him out with a piledriver. Vince then called for the bell himself but Mankind attacked the time keeper too. Rock chased Mankind round the ring and back inside, launching a chair shot and then the eponymous Rock Bottom on him but with no referee to make the call. Shane McMahon came into the ring with the Championship belt to strike Mankind, but he ducked and The Rock was struck, allowing Mankind to cover the champion. By the time replacement referee Tim White made it to the ring Rock was able to kick out, doing the same after a double-armed DDT. Mankind then stuffed a smelly sock in the Rock's mouth, which forced the Rock to pass out. The referee called for the bell, and Mankind was declared the winner. However, before Mankind could be announced as the new champion, Vince McMahon took the microphone and explained that because the Rock did not submit to the hold, the Rock would remain the champion. In response, Mankind attacked Vince and shoved Mr. Socko down his gullet, then doing the same to Shane before attacking Pat Patterson and Gerald Brisco until Corporation members Shamrock and Boss Man subdued him.

Paragraph 22: In the early 1950s, the New York City hairdresser M. Lewis popularized this style. Singer Toni Tennille of the 1970s pop duet Captain & Tennille wore one as her signature look along with 1976 Olympic champion and 1976 World champion figure skater Dorothy Hamill. In the Oscar-winning film One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, the villainous Nurse Ratched is known for her pageboy. In the Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode "Gone", Buffy has her hair cut into a pageboy. In the 1960s TV cartoon Underdog, the show's damsel in distress Sweet Polly Purebred (voiced by Norma MacMillan) has this hairstyle as her trademark look. AnnaSophia Robb as Violet Beauregarde and Missi Pyle as Violet's mother Scarlett Beauregarde in Tim Burton's film version of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory both sport pageboys. In the 2003 TV series All Grown Up! (a spin-off of Rugrats), Angelica Pickles (voiced by Cheryl Chase) sports a pageboy. Velma Dinkley, of the various Scooby-Doo animated series, has worn a short pageboy from her first appearance. Rei Ayanami from Neon Genesis Evangelion wears a shaggy pageboy. At the end of the Japanese anime series Kill la Kill, Satsuki Kiryuin cuts her hair into a page style. In John Green's novel The Fault in Our Stars, narrator and main character Hazel Grace Lancaster sports a pageboy haircut. The most prominent women to wear pageboys in the 1970s and 1980s were actress Joanna Lumley as the character Purdey in television's The New Avengers, and Diana, Princess of Wales. In fact it was also known as the "Purdey Cut" and the "Lady Di" in the UK at the time.

Paragraph 23: On November 9, 1853, C. A. Ogden, Major, Topographical Engineers, recommended to the Lighthouse Board that they build a tower for a second-class lens light which would cost $15,000. "The frame of the light tower at Brant Point is so completely rotted as to require reconstruction with the least possible delay," the letter continued, "and believing it to be the wise policy of the Board to make all its future construction permanent, I have asked the above amount for the tower. The dwelling house is much decayed, but has a nearly new roof and weather boarding on it, and may last for some years yet." A similar recommendation to the Board dated October 22, 1853, from Even W. Allen, Collector and Superintendent, District of Nantucket, reads in part "The whole establishment at Brant Point is very much out of repair, and from the age, material, and construction of the building, I should not consider it good economy to repair it; the interests of the Government and all concerned, seem to demand a more permanent and commodious structure." On August 3, 1854, Congress appropriated $15,000 "for rebuilding the lighthouse at Brandt’s Point, Nantucket, State of Massachusetts." The tower was described: "The foundation of the tower is of concrete cement two feet thick, and 18 feet in diameter. The base is of hammered granite, laid in courses two feet thick to the height of 12 feet. The interior of the base forms a cistern, where water may be caught for household purposes. The column forming the tower is of brick laid in cement, with an airspace within the walls for ventilation. The lamp is of cast iron, with 12 lights of plate glass. A circular iron stairway winds its spiral way up to a floor of iron, where rests the lantern, 58 feet above the foundation and 47 feet above the ground."

Paragraph 24: Saint Knut's Day (, ; , ; or ; , ), or the Feast of Saint Knut, is a traditional festival celebrated in Sweden and Finland on 13January. It is not celebrated on this date in Denmark (the Knut day was moved in Sweden, not in Denmark) despite being named for the Danish prince Canute Lavard, and later also associated with his uncle, Canute the Saint, the patron saint of Denmark. Christmas trees are taken down on , and the candies and cookies that decorated the tree are eaten. In Sweden, the feast held during this event is called a Knut's party (, literally 'Christmas tree plundering').

Paragraph 25: The idea was to gather together the reigning champions of the world's top football national leagues, in order to determine the world club champion, following the "champions cup" model of competitions such as the Latin Cup and the South American Championship of Champions, the same model that would  be used in 1955 for the creation of the UEFA Champions League. At first, a 16-club cup was envisaged, following the FIFA World Cup intended number of participants; however, this proposal was soon shortened to an 8-club cup. In 1951, there did not exist the FIFA Ranking, nor any "qualification tournament" for clubs to qualify to intercontinental club competitions (from 1960 on, the UEFA Champions and Libertadores cups would serve as "qualification tournaments" for the Intercontinental Cup), so in 1951 the organisers of Copa Rio (the Brazilian FA, Ottorino Barassi, Stanley Rous, Mário Filho) had to rely on their view of football history (mainly the FIFA World Cup history) in order to elect which were the strongest national football leagues of the world, whose champion clubs would be invited to Copa Rio. According to Brazilian newspapers O Estado de São Paulo and Jornal do Brasil, and Spanish newspaper El Mundo Deportivo, the original 8-club plan of the Brazilian FA (organiser of Copa Rio) was to organise the competition with the reigning champion clubs of the Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo state Leagues (the first Brazilian national cup, named Taça Brasil, was not established until 1959, and the Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo state leagues were – and still are – the strongest state leagues in Brazil), as well as the reigning club champions from Uruguay, Italy, Spain, England (participants at the 1950 FIFA World Cup, held in Brazil, not to mention the status of Uruguay and Italy as former FIFA World Cup Champions and England as the founders of the sport), Portugal (the Portuguese champions were invited in order to please the huge Portuguese community living in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo) and Scotland (based on Scotland being as successful as England in the British Home Championship).

Paragraph 26: One of his more memorable roles was that of the distinctive voice of Francis the Talking Mule in a series of popular films. Wills' deep, rough voice, with its Western twang, was matched to the personality of the cynical, sardonic mule. As was customary at the time, Wills was given no billing for his vocal work, though he was featured prominently on-screen as blustery General Ben Kaye in the fourth entry, Francis Joins the WACS. He provided the deep voice for Stan Laurel's performance of "The Trail of the Lonesome Pine" in Way Out West (1937), in which the Avalon Boys Quartet appeared.

Paragraph 27: The first wave of Iranian migration to the United States occurred from the late 1940s to 1977, or 1979. The United States was an attractive destination for students, as American universities offered some of the best programs in engineering and other fields, and were eager to attract students from foreign countries. Iranian students, most of whom had learned English as a second language in Iran, were highly desirable as new students at colleges and universities in the United States. By the mid-1970s, nearly half of all Iranian students who studied abroad did so in the United States. By 1975, the Institute of International Education's annual foreign student census figures listed Iranian students as the largest group of foreign students in the United States, amounting to a total of 9% of all foreign students in the country. As the Iranian economy continued to rise steadily in the 70s, it enabled many more Iranians to travel abroad freely. Consequently, the number of Iranian visitors to the United States also increased considerably, from 35,088, in 1975, to 98,018, in 1977. During the 1977–78 academic year, of about 100,000 Iranian students abroad, 36,220 were enrolled in American institutions of higher learning. During the 1978–79 academic year, on the eve of the revolution, the number of Iranian students enrolled in American institutions rose to 45,340, and in 1979–80, that number reached a peak of 51,310. At that time, according to the Institute of International Education, more students from Iran were enrolled in American universities than from any other foreign country. The pattern of Iranian migration during this phase usually only involved individuals, not whole families. Due to Iran's increasing demand for educated workers in the years before the revolution, the majority of the Iranian students in America intended to return home after graduation to work, especially those who had received financial aid from the Iranian government or from industry on condition of returning to take jobs upon graduation. Due to the drastic events of the 1979 Revolution, the students ended up staying in the United States as refugees. These several thousand visitors and students unintentionally became the basis of the cultural, economic, and social networks that would enable large-scale immigration in the years that followed.

Paragraph 28: In Shinto and Japanese mythology, Izanami gave humans death, so Izanami is sometimes seen as a . However, Izanami and Yama are also thought to be different from the death gods in Western mythology. Some forms of Buddhism do not involve believing in any deities, so it is sometimes thought that the concept of a death god does not exist to begin with. Even though the  and  of Japanese Buddhist faith have taken humans' lives, there is the opinion that there is no "death god" that merely leads people into the world of the dead. After the war, however, the Western notion of a death god entered Japan, and  started to become mentioned as an existence with a human nature.

Paragraph 29: At the official weigh-in, before the fight, Palzer tipped the scales at 218 pounds, while McCarty weighed 205 pounds. Prior to the fight, Palzer remarked: "I'll win any time between the first and the tenth. If the one good old punch doesn't do the work early in the fight I'll wear him down long before the limit. McCarty can't stand my pace. I'm in good shape and never was so confident in my life." However, McCarty stated: "I expect to be a world's champion tonight. I never saw Palzer box, but I'm willing to take anything he can send to give one back. I just ask no quarter. Just let us get together and let the better man go out of the ring with the belt around his waist. I won't be surprised if I land the knockout within two rounds, but I'm ready for whatever comes." Through seventeen rounds and into the eighteenth, McCarty out boxed, out-generaled and out-punched Palzer, and in the eighteenth had Palzer wobbling sadly, his knees shaking under the great strain of the body they no longer were able to support steadily. A succession of lefts and rights to the head, which rocked Palzer to the bottom of his immense frame and caused blood to stream from cuts on his eyes and lips. As the bell signalled the start of the eighteenth-round, McCarty stung Palzer with a left to the jaw, followed by a right to his head. Palzer reeled away, wobbly and shaken. McCarty stalked him for the kill, and referee Eyton knifed in between the two, raised his hands, and the bout was over. Upon his defeat of Palzer, he was given a diamond-studded belt, valued at five thousand dollars, and was the recognised white heavyweight champion of the world. After the events of the Palzer fight, Jack Johnson (54–10–10–3, 25 KOs) set side the tradition that required the champions to wait for others to challenge them, and called on McCarty to face him for the lineal championship. Speaking after the fight, McCarty said: "When I accepted the heavy-weight championship belt, I agreed to an unwritten clause that I should never fight a negro [...] Well, I'm going to live up to my contract.", and that he would not fight Johnson "under any circumstances.”"

Paragraph 30: Australia didn't start well in their first game at Brisbane Stadium against Thailand and were lucky to eke out the three points after going down 1–0 courtesy of a Teerasil Dangda goal for Thailand. Josh Kennedy and Alex Brosque cancelled out Teerasil's strike to give Australia a 2–1 win. Australia then travelled to Saudi Arabia the match was expected to be Australia's toughest match in the group, but a good performance saw Australia win 3–1 with Josh Kennedy netting twice and Luke Wilkshire converting from the penalty spot. Before the third qualifying match, Australia played Asian minnows Malaysia in Canberra. Given they were in the middle of an Asian qualifying tournament, coach Holger Osieck felt it was better for his team to play against an Asian opponent, instead of a European or South American team. He felt they would get more benefit playing a quick tempo Asian style, as opposed to a stronger, more physical European style. Australia won the match 5–0. Luke Wilkshire scored an early goal, before a double each to Josh Kennedy and Alex Brosque sealed a comfortable win. While the match had its detractors, the hit-out proved necessary. The next match against Oman was to be played in Sydney. Josh Kennedy continued his fantastic goal scoring form with one goal, Mile Jedinak and Brett Holman contributed goals as Australia ran out 3–0 victors. Australia then travelled to Muscat, Oman to play their 4th match in Group D. Many thought that Australia would ease past Oman due to Oman's poor performance in the game in Sydney but Oman stunned Australia winning 1–0 in a tightly contested match in which Australia were disallowed a goal which many thought should have counted. The Australian team then proceeded to defeat Thailand 1–0 at home which ensured that they will top the group and thus qualify for the next round of qualifying with 1 game to spare in the third round. In their last game of the third round of 2014 Asian World Cup Qualification Australia hosted Saudi Arabia at AAMI Park in Melbourne. It was a dead rubber with Australia already qualified for the fourth round so Holger Oseick fielded a number of returning fringe players such as: James Troisi, Mark Milligan, Jade North and Mark Bresciano. The Saudis took the lead through Al Dawsari and were dominating when Australia equalised through Alex Brosque but the Saudis took the lead into half time when Al Shamrani scored to give the Saudis a 2–1 lead. Then Australia came out stronger in the second half and a 3 goals in 3 minutes from Alex Brosque, Harry Kewell and Brett Emerton gave Australia a 4–2 lead which they held to finish the game victors by 2 goals.