Paragraph 1: In (Suratamanjari), the sixteenth book, Udayana, resigns his throne to Gopalaka, the brother of his wife Vasavadatta, and, accompanied by his wives and ministers, goes to Mount Kalanjana. A heavenly chariot descends, and conveys them all to heaven. Gopalaka, inconsolable for the loss of his brother-in-law, soon relinquishes his regal state of Kosambi to his younger brother, Palaka, retires to the White Mountain, and spends the rest of his days in the hermitage of Kashyapa. We have then an account of the son of Palaka falling in love with a young girl of low caste, a Chandali, and different stories illustrative of odd couples. Palaka's ministers argue that the very circumstance of the prince's being enamoured of the Chandali is a proof that she must be a princess or goddess in disguise; otherwise it were impossible that she should have attracted the affections of any noble individual. They therefore counsel the king to demand her hand from Matanga, her father . Matanga consents on condition that the Brahmins of Ujjain eat in his house. Palaka issues orders that eighteen thousand Brahmins, shall dine with the Chandala. The Brahmins are in great alarm, as this is a degradation and loss of caste, and they pray to Mahakala, the form of Siva especially worshipped in Ujjain, to know what to do. He commands them in a dream to comply, as Matanga is in truth a Vidyadhara. He had conspired against the life of Naravahanadatta, in order to prevent his becoming emperor of the Vidyadharas, and had been therefore condemned by Siva to live in Ujjain with his family as Chandalas. The curse was to terminate when eighteen thousand Brahmins should eat in his house; and this being accomplished, Matanga is restored to his rank, and his daughter is judged a fit bride for the son of the king.

Paragraph 2: In November 2009, the Toronto Star published its investigation of Chow's charges. The Star found that the election of Mark McQueen as chair of the TPA was contested. McQueen was elected chair at the March 2008 directors' meeting, replacing Michelle McCarthy, the Province of Ontario representative. Only five of the six board members were present, and no notice was given to the directors that a vote to replace McCarthy would take place. The election was disputed, with the TPA's own legal firm stating that the regulations were not followed, and the election "unlawful". Under the direction of McQueen and Raitt, another law firm was engaged to provide a second legal opinion. The second opinion dissented from the first, stating that the election was lawful. The December 2008 meeting of the TPA was held under the chairmanship of McQueen, although this was contested by McCarthy. The Star published the minutes as taken at the meeting, which were signed by Henley, listing McQueen as only attending. However, a revised minutes document was made that listed McQueen as chair, with controversial material removed, such as complaints over the interference of the Minister of Transport Lawrence Cannon and his staff. According to McQueen, the original minutes were an attempt to embarrass certain board members, and the 'unnecessary verbiage' removed. A January 21, 2009 meeting of the TPA board, with its three new directors (two appointed by the federal government and the third by the City of Toronto) subsequently voted for a second time to name McQueen as chair by a 5–4 vote.

Paragraph 3: In 1898 Orville Gibson had patented a new kind of mandolin that followed violin design, with its curved top and bottom carved into shape, rather than pressed. The sides too were carved out of a single block of wood, rather than being made of bent wood strips. The instruments were already unique before Lloyd Loar came to work for Gibson. However, it is the Loar-designed instruments that became especially desirable. First made famous by Bill Monroe, Loar's signed mandolins today can cost as much as 200,000 dollars. The L-5 guitar owned by Maybelle Carter, which was made after he left Gibson, sold for 575,000 dollars.

Paragraph 4: A major problem that may occur in continuous casting is breakout of the liquid metal: for whatever reason, the solid shell of the strand breaks and allows the still-molten metal contained within to spill out and foul the machine.  In most industrial environments this event is very costly as it leads to a shutdown of the strand and typically requires an extended turnaround involving removal of the spilled material from within the strand equipment and/or replacement of damaged machinery.  A breakout is usually due to the shell wall being too thin to support the liquid column above it, a condition which has several root causes often related to heat management. Improper cooling water flow to the mould or the strand cooling sprays may lead to inadequate heat removal from the solidifying metal, causing the solid shell to thicken too slowly.  If the metal withdrawal rate is too fast, the shell may not have time to solidify to the required thickness even with enhanced cooling sprays.  Similarly, the incoming liquid metal may be too hot and the final solidification may occur further down the strand at a later point than expected; if this point is below the straightening rolls, the shell may break from stresses applied during straightening.   A breakout can also occur as a result of physical irregularities or damage to the shell occurring within the mould during the initial seconds of solidification.  Excessive turbulence within the mold may cause an irregular shell pattern that grows abnormally or it may entrap slag droplets within the shell which reduces the wall strength.  A common occurrence is for the shell to stick to the mould's surface and tear; modern instrumented molds and computer control systems typically detect this and slow the caster down temporarily to let the wall refreeze and heal while it is still supported in the mould.  Should the tear occur near the exit of the mould or be of unexpected severity, the shell may still fail in a breakout once it emerges from the mould wall.  If the incoming metal is severely overheated, it may be preferable to stop the caster than to risk a breakout. Additionally, lead contamination of the metal (caused by counterweights or lead-acid batteries in the initial steel charge) can form a thin film between the mould wall and the steel, inhibiting heat removal and shell growth and increasing the risk of breakouts.

Paragraph 5: Forced enemas are commonly acknowledged as being uncomfortable and also degrading for the receiving person, especially when practiced in a prison environment designated by a stark imbalance in power. Such a treatment can also be registered as a form of physical abuse as well as sexual abuse, when practiced without consent or forcibly carried out against the will of the subjected prisoner. Physically invasive measures of this kind are often purposefully taken in order to demonstrate predominance and to assert "total control" over an incarcerated individual. By the application of a forced enema in a situation of incarceration one of the last remaining spheres of privacy as well as personal autonomy is stripped away from the prison inmate. As the prisoner's generally autonomous instances of bowel movement are hereby unnaturally taken out of his or her own decision-making and forcibly placed under the arbitration of prison authorities, "total control" over the inmate is implemented in a near finalizing manner. Therefore such a procedure can lead to experiences of emotional distress and psychological trauma for the defenceless detainee, which is typically desired by the authorities to undermine the prisoner's mental resilience.As a physical consequence of this practice, anal fissures, chronic hemorrhoids and rectal prolapse can occur when administered excessively and without medical care. Forced enemas have evidentially been used for example at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp by the United States. In certain cases it was administered under the pretence to counter a prisoner's dehydration. Forms of medical justification were employed whenever enemas were in fact used as a coercive tool. Despite the pretext of medical need, it was later admitted in certain cases, that this was in fact untrue. The CIA administered enemas to Khalid Sheik Mohammed, Mustafa al-Hawsawi and Mohammed al-Qahtani among others.

Paragraph 6: Born in the mid-15th-century in Prague, Czech Republic. His father Moses Jaffe of Bologna was a Polish rabbi and paternal descendant of Elhanan Jaffe of Dampierre. His mother Margolioth bat Samuel HaLevi was considered to be an extremely learned woman, to the point that some of her descendants adopted the second surname Margolioth, such as Abraham's brother Jacob Margolioth-Jaffe of Nuremberg. Early in his carrier, Abraham amassed a great fortune, which he later lent out to King Vladislaus II of Bohemia and Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian I. Around 1495, he emigrated Kazimierz, Krakow, Poland, before where he soon became a banker to Alexander Jagiellon and later King Sigismund I of Poland, with whom he later developed a close relationship with. In 1512 King Sigismund issued a decree notifying his subjects that he had appointed Abraham, prefect over them, and that one of Abraham's duties was to collect the Jewish poll tax from communities in Great Poland and Mazovia and to deliver the same into the king's treasury. From 1514, he also collected the Jewish poll tax in Lesser Poland, performing this function until 1518. It was also around this time that Abraham became involved in commerce, holding a trading post in Lwów, where he owned a house in the Jewish quarter, given to him by the king. Abraham's duties caused him to come into conflict with the Kraków provincial voivod and the Jewish communities of that city which caused him to suffer financially due to a ban that was placed on him by the Jewish community. This was mostly in respect to an order by Sigismund which mandated the Jews of Krakow to pay Abraham 200 florins, "for defending them against accusations brought up against them." The Polish Jews were not pleased with their new Bohemian prefect, who had become very powerful. The king ordered all the Jews of Poland, and especially the rabbis, to respect the liberties and privileges granted to Abraham, and not to encroach upon them by excommunication or in any other such way. For these privileges Abraham paid an annual personal tax of 20 ducats. In 1518, after the intercession of Emperor Maximilian, Sigismund removed Abraham from the jurisdiction of the Council of Four Lands under threat of fines. The king also dismissed all accusations against Abraham, freed him from taxes paid by all other Jews, and allowed him freedom of commerce and banking in all Poland. In 1533, Sigismund removed Abraham from the jurisdiction of the royal officials and placed him under the jurisdiction of Queen Sforza. Nearing the end of his life he moved to Lwów, where he died around 1535.

Paragraph 7: When the Germans invaded Norway on 9 April 1940, Barth was in command of Fossumstrøket Fortress' signals unit. Fossumstrøket Fortress' two forts immediately began mobilizing, although at Høytorp Fort this was hampered by ill-maintained and outdated fortifications and the poor quality of the other facilities. During the decade before 1940 the role of Høytorp Fort had been changed to one as a mobilization area for field artillery rather than a defensible fortification. At Trøgstad Fort artillery ammunition was in very short supply. Captain Barth was placed in charge of Høytorp Fort, and took direct command of the fort's two 12 cm turreted artillery pieces. After their initial landings along the coast, the Germans began their inland advance. The 196th Infantry Division was tasked with seizing the far south-east corner of Norway, including the Fossum area. The unit began its advance from Oslo on 12 April 1940. When one of the advance columns of the 196th Infantry Division reached the Askim area on 13 April, the cannon at Høytorp Fort opened fire to cover the retreat of the Norwegian 1st Division. In the course of two hours a total of 100 high-explosive shells were fired from the fort in an indirect area bombardment without the aid of observers. The artillery fire was estimated by the Norwegians as having been reasonably effective. Having expended their stocks of artillery ammunition, the fort's crew redeployed for defence of the interior of the fort. In a post-action report, Barth praised the crew of Høytorp Fort for their "fire discipline and good attitude in action". On 14 April 1940 Fossumstrøket Fortress surrendered after a meeting of the fortress commander and six of the other officers, including Captain Barth. The officers held a vote and unanimously agreed that the fortress could not continue fighting. At the time the fortress was encircled and under machine gun and artillery fire, while the Norwegian 1st Division had retreated from the area and no longer needed the fortress' support. Barth stated in connection with his vote that the fortress was in an impossible tactical situation, and was manned by poorly trained and demoralized crews. Barth and another officer were appointed to approach the German forces and begin surrender negotiations on behalf of the fortress commander. The fortress guns were rendered inoperable by the destruction of vital parts at 14:05, and a flag of truce was raised over the fortress at 14:16. In a report written in 1941, Lieutenant Colonel Rodtwitt praised Barth's efforts during the fighting, describing him as "loyal, devoted to duty, able and brave", pointing especially to his leadership of Høytorp Fort during the fighting and to his "rescue of important documents" after the surrender of the fortress. Rodtwitt concluded his report by stating that under "normal circumstances" (rather than Norway being occupied) he would have recommended Barth for a promotion and an award.

Paragraph 8: A block of 28 buildings in the central part of Bele Vode was built in 1966  as an experimental complex and a temporary settlement for the next 20 years.  However, inhabitants were not resettled after 1986, and in the mid 1990s it was discovered that the buildings were built with the use of cancerous asbestos instead of concrete, thus they were supposed to be emptied after 20 years.  Tenants began a campaign for the demolition of the settlement (which became known as the Azbestno Naselje, Serbian for asbestos settlement) claiming deteriorating health and above average cancer occurrence rate (including deaths), as a result of the poisonous asbestos.  City government promised help but refused to accept that asbestos is responsible for the health problems of the tenants.  However, after over 10 years of protest and campaigning, the demolition of 14 buildings began in June 2006 and was finished by 2011.  As the neighborhood is being rebuilt, new streets, parking places and traffic infrastructure will be reconstructed or build.  Problem is that buildings with asbestos are a threat for the environment so they can't just be demolished, instead they have to be deconstructed, so the process is very slow.  Removing asbestos panels (roof and façade) from one building takes 40 days.  The city institute for public health oversees the demolition and measures the concentration of asbestos dust in the air.  Panels are removed by hand and constantly watered to prevent the dispersion of dust.  They are then packed in a special wrapping material, send to the temporary storehouse in the town of Ruma in the province of Vojvodina, and then sent to Germany for recycling.  When the building is completely demolished, a 5 centimeters thick layer of earth beneath is also removed.  The new complex was officially named Blok 1 in 2011.

Paragraph 9: Although Myer interpreted his appointment to include control over electromagnetic telegraphy, a rival organization emerged. The U.S. Military Telegraph Corps employed civilian telegraph operators, with supervisors who received military commissions in the Quartermaster Department, under the general management of Anson Stager, a former official of the Western Union Telegraph Company. In February 1862, Lincoln took control of the nation's commercial telegraph lines, which were then used by Stager's organization. Secretary Stanton, a former director and attorney for the Atlantic and Ohio Telegraph Company, understood the technical and strategic importance of telegraphy and located the telegraph office directly next to his own in the War Department. One of his biographers described the operators as Stanton's "little army ... part of his own personal and confidential staff." Myer began a campaign to supersede this organization by proposing the purchase of equipment to form telegraph trains (in the sense of wagon trains, not railroad) in the Signal Corps, to provide mobility for telegraph operators supporting armies on the move. Since he was concerned about the training required for telegraph operators using traditional Morse key equipment, he outfitted his trains with a magneto-electric telegraph instrument invented by George W. Beardslee of New York City. When this device suffered from technical limitations, in the autumn of 1862 he advertised in the Army and Navy Official Gazette for trained telegraphers. The War Department informed Myer that his actions were "irregular and improper" and he was removed as chief signal officer on November 10, 1863. All of the Beardslee devices were given to the Military Telegraph Service (which never used them, due to unreliability) and Myer was transferred to Memphis, Tennessee. His replacement as acting chief signal officer was Major William J. L. Nicodemus, his former apprentice. During his exile in the West, Myer's A Manual of Signals: For the Use of Signal Officers in the Field was published in 1864, a work that would remain the basis of signal doctrine for many years.

Paragraph 10: The primary threat to Barry and WAMB became the passage of time, and Barry's original business model, once very profitable, would eventually become unsustainable.  Each year, a certain percentage of his targeted audience died and, for the most part, was not replaced by younger listeners, most of whom were either unfamiliar with the big-band genre or else disliked it due to its elderly image, as portrayed often in general American popular culture from the 1960s onward (see "generation gap" above).  In recognition of this fact and to compensate for it, some newer music from the "easy-listening" category of artists such as The Carpenters, Roger Whittaker, and Harry Connick, Jr. (favorite artists of some in the Baby Boom generation especially) was admitted to WAMB's playlist, but the station's demographics continued to skew far older than any other major Nashville station. This was becoming an increasing liability given the Nashville area's strong and steady population growth (which exploded around the time of the station's demise), bringing a much more competitive radio scene than when Barry started, thus making his position among advertisers more precarious than before. In particular, few of Nashville's newer residents were interested in the specialty programming WAMB featured; the overwhelming majority belonged to the key demographic of ages 18 to 49, a group Barry practically made a career of ignoring. In turn, young adults, except those who enjoyed talk radio or foreign-language formats (i.e., immigrants), usually ignored the AM dial of their radios anyway. All of these issues added up to little to no possibility of audience growth. In recognition of these realities, Barry decided to try to cut his losses, and he sold the 1160 kHz frequency in late 2005 to religious radio broadcaster Bott Communications. Bott took over the frequency in early 2006 and changed the format to a Christian one, with a standard emphasis on evangelical/fundamentalist preaching and conservative talk shows in keeping with the stringent ethics of those faiths.  To reflect the station's new identity and audience, Bott had the call sign of 1160 kHz changed to WCRT. Even after the sale, Barry opted to try again, by moving the big-band/adult standards format and WAMB callsign to a new frequency (with power greatly reduced, thereby less expensive), 1200 kHz. Later Barry acquired another FM frequency, 99.3, for simulcasting purposes, to air the station at night, when 1200 AM had to cease broadcasting (see above); this continued until shortly after his death.

Paragraph 11: Francis Martin O'Donnell, GCMM, GCEG, KC*SG, KM, KCHS, KCMCO, (born in 1954), an Irish citizen, has served abroad as an international diplomat in senior representative positions with the United Nations until retirement, and later with the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. He was elected Vice-President of the Genealogical Society of Ireland in September 2022. He is a life member of the Institute of International and European Affairs (under the patronage of the President of Ireland). He currently continues to serve pro bono as an advisor to the Global Partnerships, Forum and is a listed endorser of the NGO consortium known as Nonviolent Peaceforce. He served as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta to the Slovak Republic from December 2009 to March 2013. He previously served as a United Nations official for 32 years, most recently as the Resident Coordinator of the United Nations system in Ukraine, from 30 September 2004 until 31 March 2009, and previously in the same capacity in Serbia-Montenegro. In early 2012, he was appointed to the Council of the Order of Clans of Ireland, and was elected its Chancellor in May 2014. He also served on the Board of Directors, and completed both terms of office in April 2015. Since then, he has participated in Globsec, the InterAction Council, and is a regular participant, panelist or moderator in the annual Global Baku Forum. He is also a speaker and panelist on global policy issues to seminars and forums of the Association of Schools of Political Studies of the Council of Europe, and is a director of the Board of Trustees of its School of Civic Education in London. He is an occasional guest speaker on Irish history and genealogy in Dublin, Madrid, Vienna, and at the Sorbonne in Paris. He is also a published author of historical works and a first volume of poetry.

Paragraph 12: After the liberation, Vojvodina resumed the work thanks to the enthusiasm of Serbian students from Prague. The first president of Vojvodina became Milenko Šijakov, son of weaving mill owner Sava Šijak, and the first secretary became Dr. Živko Bajazet, the longtime president of the Serbian merchant bank and member of the Sokol organization. The club financed solely by membership fees and by generous contributions as by Maks Grin, Daka Popović, the Novaković brothers, Ilija Balabušić and the members of Dunđerski family. Part of the Vojvodina players and management who studied in Prague, were also members of football club Slavia Prague. The Czech club supported the Vojvodina members during the difficult times before and during World War I and contributed in the development of the club. In 1920, was brought from Prague the first set of red and white jerseys. At the club meeting held on 23 July 1922, it was decided that in honour of Slavia Prague the red and white colors adorn the jerseys of Vojvodina. The coat of arms was also partially modeled after Slavia Prague's coat of arms, where the red star of the Czech team was replaced with the blue star, so that Vojvodina's coat of arms had all the colors of the Serbian flag. The first coach, technical director and chief organizer of Vojvodina was the lawyer Dr. Kosta Hadži, one of the main founder of Vojvodina and the Novi Sad Football Subassociation. Under his leadership, Vojvodina won the Novi Sad Subassociation league in 1926, which was the first trophy in its history. Vojvodina played with following players: Mihajlović, Živić, Kričkov, Popović, Vajs, Aleksić, Grgarov, Marjanović, Šević, Petrović, Dudás and Saraz. The club provided the first professional contracts to its players, and also brought professional players from abroad such as Czech Josef Čapek and Hungarians Sándor Dudás and Abraham Saraz. One of the best and most influential Vojvodina players at that time was Dušan Marković, an effective striker who played for Vojvodina from 1921 to 1935. End of the 1930s, Vojvodina brought many good players into the team, which was later known as the Millionaires team and one of the best was Jožef Velker, which became to a crucial player of the club. In 1932, 1934, 1935, 1937–1940, Vojvodina won the Novi Sad Football Subassociation league. Since then, Vojvodina begun having serious pretensions to gain promotion to the Yugoslav First League. The club failed to immediately make an impact, but during the season 1940/41, Vojvodina fought for the top. The final stage of the championship was interrupted by the beginning of World War II, and the Axis bombing, mobilization and country's occupation made the continuation of the competition impossible.

Paragraph 13: By the 1920s, the negligee began to mimic women's satin single-layer evening dress of the period. The term "negligee" was used on a Royal Doulton run of ceramic figurines in 1927, showing women wearing what appears to be a one-piece knee-length silk or rayon slip, trimmed with lace. Although the evening-dresses style of nightwear made moves towards the modern negligee style—translucent bodices, lace trimming, bows, exemplified in 1941 by a photo of Rita Hayworth in Life—it was only after World War II that nightwear changed from being primarily utilitarian to being primarily sensual or even erotic; the negligee emerged strongly as a form of lingerie.

Paragraph 14: In a Finnish variant translated by Parker Fillmore as The Little Sister: The Story of Suyettar and the Nine Brothers, a couple's seven sons want their mother to give them a little sister, but, if she gives them a little brother, they will leave home for good. They combine a signal for the birth: a spindle for a girl, an ax for a boy. Their mother gives birth to a sister, but a wicked witch named Suyettar (Syöjätär) puts up an ax to trick the youths into leaving home. Years later, the little sister, named Kerttu, learns of the incident and decides to visit her brothers. Her mother gives her a magic cake to show her the way and a talking dog named Musti as companion. Kerttu travels to the forest and meets Suyettar, an ugly old hag. She scolds the girl for dislking the hag's ugly looks and Kerttu decides to let her join them. When the women pass by a fountain or a lake, the witch tries to convince the girl to take a bath, but the little dog warns her against it. Suyettar breaks the dog's legs everytime, until she kills it, to cease its interference. At last, Kerttu takes a bath in a pond, and Suyettar sprinkles water in her eyes and changes appearances with the girl: Kerttu looks like an old woman and Suyettar looks like the girl. They reach the brothers' cottage and they welcome the false sister as their own. Meanwhile, Kerttu is made to graze the horses during the day, and is taken her tongue by the witch at night to appear as a mute woman. However, the brothers begin to notice that the old woman sings a sad song with a girl's voice, and think something is amiss. They discover the truth, restore their sister's true looks and burn Suyettar in a sauna.

Paragraph 15: As a youth player Solovjovs played for Skonto Riga, making his first first-team appearance in 2007. Despite being in the club's player list for the upcoming season, Solovjovs didn't even play a match for Skonto, as he was loaned out to Olimps for one season. He played 24 matches, netting 3 times. After the end of that season, in February 2008, it was announced that he was to undergo a trial with Zenit St. Petersburg reserves. Later it was said that Aleksandrs had left a good impression, but he wasn't offered a contract that time. In 2008, he left Riga anyway, signing with FK Ventspils on 1 September. He played 15 matches there, scoring 3 times. In September 2009 Solovjovs had unsuccessful trials with English Premier League side Burnley, Scottish First Division Ross County, and U.S. Siracusa of Italian Serie C2 later on. At the end of 2009 Solovjovs appeared in the group stage matches of 2009–10 UEFA Europa League, also in the away draw against the German club Hertha BSC. In January 2010 it was reported that Solovjovs, along with fellow Ventspils teammate, Jevgēņijs Kosmačovs was on trial at English Championship side, Blackpool. He didn't stay with the club and was loaned to another Latvian club from the Ventspils city Tranzīts. He played 11 games there, scoring no goals. In August 2010, after returning from loan, Solovjovs was released from FK Ventspils because of contract infringement. He didn't stay without a club for a long time, just after 5 days signing for Atromitos Yeroskipou in Cyprus. He played there for half a year, fighting with injuries and personal problems. He was released from the Cypriot side at the start of 2011. During the start of the year Solovjovs had trials with many clubs abroad and in September 2011 he joined Nantwich Town in the English Northern Premier League. In 2012 Solovjovs signed a contract with the Lithuanian A Lyga club Tauras Tauragė. He played 15 matches, scoring 2 goals for them and left in the summer of 2012. Solovjovs then joined his home land club Jūrmala in the Latvian Higher League. Playing in Jūrmala during the 2012 season, Solovjovs scored 5 goals in 13 league matches for the club. In February 2013 he moved to the Latvian Higher League club Spartaks Jūrmala. Solovjovs played 5 matches for Spartaks during the 2013 season, joining that time Latvian champions Daugava Daugavpils before their UEFA Champions League campaign in July 2013.

Paragraph 16: The choices or decision of government are one of social choices. And social choice consists of two elements. First, it is the individual level. Second, it is the society's level. As far as the individual level, each individual builds their preference and has their utility following the budget's constraint and so on. This can make the indifference curve. And we can say that the points which are on this curve are matched to pareto efficiency. In the society's level, the curve are created by seeing the participants as group A and group B. Here, the curve becomes the inverse proportional one which is very common style in the Pareto efficiency's curve. In this curve, when group A's utility will get down, group B's utility will get increased. The relation between them is like trade-off style. This is the very typical example of social indifference curve (There are other curves in other ways: Utilitarian way and Rawlsian way. And I will introduce them in the below paragraph). In the above, I mentioned about the thinking way or the process of social choice. Now, when we try to take some policies, we need to measure the net benefits of different groups and to think about if the project is the Pareto improvement. If the project has the net positive gains and reduces measured inequality, it should be taken. If it is not so clear to understand so, we need to have other points to judge. Basically, there are three ways to do so: the compensation principle, the trade-off across measures of efficiency and equality, and the weighted benefits approach. The latter two are relatively easy to understand. The trade-off one is the judgement based on the contemplation of efficiency and equality. The weighted benefits approach is focused on the total amount of utility. When we think about the compensation principle, we need to care about the willingness to pay the tax. If people are motivated to pay, the consumer surplus is getting higher. And in this principle, when the willingness to pay is more than the cost to do so (even when the cost is higher for some people), the projects should be taken. The compensation principle can overcome the difficulty of taxation due to the intervening efficiency.

Paragraph 17: The first of the two main events on the show was the first ever Copa Antonio Peña, a 12-man gauntlet match, where two wrestlers begin in the ring and each time a wrestler is defeated he is replaced by a new wrestler until all 12 wrestlers have entered the match. The focus of the event was the storyline between La Legión Extranjera ("The Foreign Legion" in Spanish) and the "AAA Loyalists". The match started out with La Legión member X-Pac facing and defeating Brazo de Plata in short order. AAA Loyalist Mascara Divina was the next competitor, eliminating X-Pac after approximately five minutes of action. Next Mascara Divina faced Legiónaire Kenzo Suzuki who made short work of Divina, eliminating him after only a couple of minutes of wrestling. Next Kenzo Suzuki eliminated AAA Icon La Parka, taking advantage of La Parka's shoulder injury. AAA wrestler Laredo Kid surprisingly pinned Suzuki next, giving the young wrestlers one of his biggest wins to date. Unfortunately Laredo Kid suffered a serious leg injury while executing a move on Ron Killings and was eliminated from the match. The injury kept Laredo Kid out of the ring for months. The seventh competitor was Alan Stone, rolling up Ron Killings to eliminate him, only to face his main storyline rival Scorpio, Jr. as the next entrant. Scorpio, Jr. soon got help from his Los Guapos team mates Zumbido and Decnis but Alan Stone still managed to pin Scorpio, Jr. After the loss all three Guapos' attacked Alan Stone, drawing blood. The next competitor was Charly Manson, a member of the very popular Los Hell Brothers faction, who pinned Alan Stone after nine minutes of wrestling. The next competitor was the surprise appearance of Scott Hall, brought in by La Legión as their secret weapon. Konnan, the leader of La Legión made his surprise return as well, recovered from a kidney operation he accompanied Scott Hall to ringside. Manson overcame interference from Konnan, X-Pac and Ron Killings to pin Scott Hall. Just as Charly Manson thought he had won the gauntlet match Konnan attacked him from behind, revealing that he was the final competitor. In the end La Parka came to the ring, thwarting La Legión's plans, helping Charly Manson pin Konnan and win the first Copa Antonio Peña. Following the match Charly Manson was presented with a medal, bearing the image of Antonio Peña, by Joaquin Roldan, Peña's successor as AAA booker.

Paragraph 18: WLAC operates around the clock at 50,000 watts, the highest power authorized for AM stations in the United States. It is one of two clear-channel stations in Tennessee, the other being WSM in Nashville. A single tower radiates the transmitter's full power during the day to most of Middle Tennessee. At night, power is fed to all three towers in a directional pattern that limits its signal toward the west to originally protect KGA in Spokane, Washington (which has since downgraded its night signal) and to the northeast to protect WMEX in Boston.  Even with these restrictions, it can be heard across much of the eastern and central two-thirds of North America with a good radio.

Paragraph 19: Webster's artistry came to define much of what came to be called The Summer of Love. He was present at the Monterey International Pop Festival; his pictures of Laura Nyro, Janis Joplin and The Who captured their era-defining stature. Similarly, his shot of Jimi Hendrix at the Hollywood Bowl in August, 1967, showcased both artists’ at their creative best. After Monterey, Webster was contacted by Herb Alpert, the head of A&M Records, to head up their graphic design department. He stayed there for the next few years, overseeing a golden age in album art work, as listeners became as enamored with the record sleeves as much as the music. It was a demanding job, keeping musician's hours, managing corporate responsibilities with creative challenges. "The musicians treated me with great respect and I treated them exactly the same. I always said to them, 'Let's have fun, because you’ll probably never want to pose together again. You’re going to get into arguments over money. And this time next year you may well be gone.’ I hope I said it with humor... "I never got sucked into the entertainment lifestyle that destroyed some of my friends. I had some emotional distancing—no doubt a gift from my father ... I had my life with a wife, three kids, and blues on the stereo. Howlin' Wolf was my escape." In the early '70s, Webster left Los Angeles and decamped for Europe, taking up residence first in Spain, then Italy. He would on occasion accept an assignment to shoot actors on location – Jack Nicholson, Sean Connery, Jeff Bridges, John Belushi among them. It was during his time there that his love of motorbikes took center stage. He began collecting Italian cycles from the '50s, '60s and '70s, riding them down to North Africa. His first vintage purchase was a Moto Guzzi Falcone racer which he found in Florence, Italy. His collection would come to include rarefied models from Ducati, Gilera, Laverda. Tired of flying back and forth from Europe to the States for work, he returned to America and Southern California for good in 1979. Befitting his wide-ranging interests, subjects for his photo shoots expanded into the realm of the other fine arts: writers Ray Bradbury, Truman Capote, classical giants Igor Stravinsky and Zubin Mehta submitted to the Webster treatment. It was during this period that Webster joined Leonard Koren, founder of Wet: The Magazine of Gourmet Bathing, as president and chief photographer. Guy moved to Ojai, California, in 1981 but continued to work weekly at his studio in Venice Beach, California. When in Ojai he volunteered and taught photography to students at Oak Grove School.  Health issues dogged him in his last years, including a stroke and heart surgery in 2015. He remained, nonetheless, a vital presence in his adopted home town since 1981 of Ojai.

Paragraph 20: The actual pay-per-view began with Becky Lynch defending the Raw Women's Championship against Sasha Banks in a Hell in a Cell match. Before the match began, Banks attacked Lynch, leading to the two fighting outside the cell, where Banks gained the upper hand. After Banks gloated inside the cell, Lynch slammed the cell door into Banks, and once both superstars were inside the ring, the match officially started. After Lynch gained the upper hand on Banks with the chain that locked the door, Lynch locked the door with the chain herself. Lynch and Banks then introduced a ladder, a table, and chairs into the proceedings. Outside the ring, Banks performed a Meteora from the ring apron on Lynch into the ladder, which was leaning against the cell wall, for a nearfall. Banks then focused on injuring Lynch's arm before performing another Meteora on Lynch, who was seated on a chair, for a nearfall. The momentum shifted when Lynch dropkicked Banks from the ring apron into the cell wall. Lynch then performed an Exploder suplex on Banks into the cell wall. Back inside the ring, Lynch sent Banks face first onto the chair for a nearfall. Lynch then performed a top-rope dropkick on Banks, who was holding the chair, for a nearfall, after which, Banks rolled out of the ring to retrieve a kendo stick. After using it to momentarily take down Lynch, Banks wedged two other kendo sticks into the corner of the cell and attempted to send Lynch into them, however, Lynch blocked and sent Banks face first into them. Lynch then performed a dropkick from the ring apron on Banks, who was seated on a chair being held up by those kendo sticks, and followed up with a top-rope leg drop back inside the ring for another nearfall. As Lynch set up the table, Banks performed a Backstabber on Lynch. After avoiding being powerbombed through the table, Banks sent Lynch through the table with a Meteora for another nearfall. Banks then retrieved another kendo stick and used it to apply the Bank Statement, but Lynch escaped by crawling out of the ring and repeatedly struck Banks with the kendo stick. Banks then sent Lynch face first into the chair that was sticking off the cell wall. In the closing moments, with Lynch knocked out inside the ring, Banks threw several chairs in the ring and struck Lynch multiple times with one of the chairs. However, while Banks was on the middle rope, Lynch intercepted Banks with a chair shot and followed up with an Exploder suplex onto the chairs. Lynch applied the Dis-arm-her, and Banks submitted after attempting to grab Lynch's hair to escape. As a result, Lynch retained the title.

Paragraph 21: Larcius' first consulship was in 501 BC, the ninth year of the Republic. His colleague was Postumus Cominius Auruncus. During their year of office, there was a disturbance at Rome, which was attributed to the actions of a group of young Sabines. Only the previous year, the consul Spurius Cassius Vecellinus had defeated the Sabines near Cures, and for a while it appeared that the war might be rekindled. Tensions were also high because it was anticipated that war with the Latins was imminent. Octavius Mamilius, the prince of Tusculum, and son-in-law of Lucius Tarquinius Superbus, the seventh and last King of Rome, was forming an alliance amongst the thirty towns of Latium, with the aim of restoring Tarquin to the throne.

Paragraph 22: The Hochablass (High Drain) dam on the north-flowing Lech river south of Augsburg dates back to 1647.  It was most recently rebuilt in 1911-1912.  The dam diverts river water into the Hauptstadtbach (Capital Creek) which branches into the many canals of the Augsburg Lech district as it flows through the town.  In Medieval times, the canals were used for drinking water, water wheel operation, and sewage disposal.  In 1875, in order to collect drinking water from the upstream end of the system, a water collection and filtration plant was built straddling a new bypass branch of Capital Creek, near the dam.  (In 2007 it was decommissioned and converted into a waterworks museum and a small hydro power station.)  The original channel became known as the Eiskanal (ice channel), since it was used to deflect floating ice away from the waterworks facility, protecting its equipment.

Paragraph 23: The 1946 Atlantic hurricane season resulted in no fatalities in the United States. The season officially began on June 15, 1946, and lasted until November 15, 1946. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin. However, the first storm, developed in the Gulf of Mexico on June 13, while the final system dissipated just offshore Florida on November 3. There were seven tropical storm; three of them attained hurricane status, while none intensified into major hurricanes, which are Category 3 or higher on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale. This had not occurred since 1940 and would not again until 1968. Operationally, the fifth tropical storm, which existed near the Azores in early October, was not considered a tropical cyclone, but was added to HURDAT in 2014.

Paragraph 24: In the 1970s, WFTV preempted the ABC Sunday morning cartoon rerun lineup, which many affiliates also did not run. Until the $20,000 Pyramid moved to the noon slot, WFTV chose to not run whatever show ABC had on at noon on weekdays in order to run a local newscast; after Pyramid was moved to that slot, WFTV ran it earlier in the morning and a day behind. In May 1975, the station controversially preempted the Emmy Award-winning made-for-TV movie A Moon for the Misbegotten, due to the film's adult language. In 1978, Mork & Mindy was rescheduled by the station to air on Sunday afternoons, but was cleared to air in prime time after a few weeks. From the mid-1970s through the early-1980s, WFTV preempted the soap opera The Edge of Night, which was preempted by many other ABC affiliates as well (though the station did air the network's Afterschool Specials) . From 1985 to the early 1990s, WFTV ran only half of the shows ABC put in the 11 a.m. to noon slot. From 1994 to 1996, the station did not air ABC's weekday morning programs at 11 (The Home Show and Mike and Maty). The station began to carry such programming overnights starting in 1996, though WFTV did not start to air it in its proper timeslot until The View debuted in 1997. WFTV ran the entire Saturday morning cartoon lineup from ABC until 1990, when it began preempting two hours of the lineup in favor of a morning newscast. In 1993, WFTV expanded the newscast to three hours and dropped the entire Saturday morning ABC cartoon lineup, adding syndicated programming. In 1996, an hour of ABC cartoons was restored on Sunday mornings and another hour was restored to Saturday mornings early in 1997. In the fall of 1997, WFTV began to carry two hours of the lineup that were under the One Saturday Morning banner. In 1999, the station increased the amount of Saturday morning cartoons from ABC to three hours and increased it to four hours in 2002.

Paragraph 25: The decision on the future of the project lay with the Delaware River Basin Commission, the governing board of which included the governors of the four states in the Delaware River Basin (New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware) and a federal representative who reported to the U. S. Secretary of the Interior. The project's momentum was slowed in the early 70s by objections voiced by New Jersey Governor William T. Cahill, who was concerned with land acquisition issues raised by local residents, by the potential adverse environmental impacts of the project, and by the costs that would be imposed on New Jersey to provide sewerage and highways to serve growth in Northwest New Jersey that would be prompted by the recreation area that would surround the dam. The recreation area was needed to provide the economic benefits needed to allow the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers, which would build the dam, to demonstrate that it had a positive ratio of benefits to cost. The further studies prompted by Cahill's objections and by question raised by his successor, Governor Brendan T. Byrne, in 1974 revealed that better and more economical options existed to reduce flood damage and improve water supply than the dam. The dam was disapproved by a majority vote of the Delaware River Basin Commission in 1975, led by New Jersey, New York and Delaware, dissented by Pennsylvania, and abstained by the United States.

Paragraph 26: In the fall of 1942, Eddleman enrolled at the University of Illinois, playing on both the freshman football and basketball teams. However, in January 1943 Eddleman was called to military duty during World War II. He was placed in the Army Air Corps and, after being sent to Fort Sheridan in Chicago for basic training, he was stationed in Miami Beach where he was assigned as a physical trainer for new cadets, all while still being only 20 years of age. It was in Florida that he would suffer the most serious injury of his time in the military as during a beach volleyball game, Eddleman broke his right foot. Following approximately eighteen months in Florida, Eddleman returned to his home state near Belleville, Illinois stationed at Scott Field. His final destination during his military service was Wright Field in Dayton, Ohio, where he played basketball for the Kittyhawks, a military service "all-star" team regarded as one of the greatest in the nation. While playing for the Kittyhawks, he was named to the College All-Star team composed of the best college players in the country. The team played games around the country, however, one particularly memorable game was when the Kittyhawks beat the Harlem Globetrotters in 1945. Eddleman would close out his military service in the Fall of 1946, transitioning back to the life of a college student athlete.

Paragraph 27: Just as they had been in 2010 under their former guise as  – when the team won two stages and the overall classification with Charteau – the team was very successful at La Tropicale Amissa Bongo in Africa. Gène took the team's first win of the year (and accordingly, first under their new name) in stage 2, the only stage that finished outside the race's primary host nation of Gabon, winning a field sprint in Ebolowa in Cameroon. In stage 4, the event's defending champion Charteau figured into a winning breakaway. Though he finished 24 seconds back on stage winner Daniel Teklehaymanot, he assumed the race leadership. He had a lead of four seconds over the man in second place and seven seconds over the man in third, but a good two minutes over the man in fourth, meaning it was virtually certain that he would at the very least finish on the podium. The next day, Gène added a second sprint win, as most of the field finished together and Charteau retained his advantage in the overall. While the final stage had the potential to shake up the overall standings, with three large groups finishing four seconds after one another, Charteau held on to win the race overall for the second straight year by finishing in the first of these groups. In February, at the Étoile de Bessèges, Haddou won the sprint finish to the race's titular stage finishing in Bessèges. Later in February, Voeckler won the first stage of the Tour Méditerranéen. He had instigated the morning breakaway with four others, and they stayed away by a margin of three seconds over the fast-charging peloton. Voeckler won the two-day Tour du Haut Var later in February. He finished one second down on Samuel Dumoulin in stage 1, but in the hillier second stage, he finished 29 seconds clear of any other riders, along with breakaway companion Julien Antomarchi. He allowed Antomarchi to take the stage win, knowing that he had the race overall won. The team entered another African race in February, the Tour of South Africa. After winning La Tropicale Amissa Bongo, Charteau was expected to be a top contender for victory, but he broke his collarbone after a stage 1 crash and had to leave the race. The squad did pick up a win, with Gène taking stage 3 from a breakaway sprint, but their best-placed overall finisher was Quemeneur over two minutes down on race champion Kristian House.

Paragraph 28: In Tropic of Cancer, Henry Miller describes an acquaintance, "Moldorf", who has prescriptions for  on scraps of paper in his pocket. John Steinbeck wrote about this feeling in two of his novels; in East of Eden, Samuel Hamilton feels it after meeting Cathy Trask for the first time, and it is referred to as the Welshrats in The Winter of our Discontent. Ralph Ellison uses the term in Invisible Man with regard to the pathos inherent in the singing of spirituals: "Beneath the swiftness of the hot tempo there was a slower tempo and a cave and I entered it and looked around and heard an old woman singing a spiritual as full of Weltschmerz as flamenco". Kurt Vonnegut references the feeling in his novel Player Piano, in which it is felt by Doctor Paul Proteus and his father.

Paragraph 29: While in the USWA Thompson became friends with a wrestler known as "The Awesome Kong" and the two decided to form a tag team. Being similar in stature to Awesome Kong Thompson began to wrestle wearing a black wrestling mask as well as growing his beard out as he wrestled as "King Kong", collectively King Kong and Awesome Kong were known as "The Colossal Kongs". In mid-1993 the Kongs worked for Big D Pro Wrestling (BDPW) as well as the Dallas, Texas-based Global Wrestling Federation (GWF). During their tenure in the GWF they were involved in a storyline against the then reigning GWF Tag Team Champion The Ebony Experience (Booker T and Stevie Ray), but never won the championship. In the same year, the team signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In WCW they were managed by Harley Race, the duo competed in WCW's tag team division. Their first real match on a national level took place as Clash of the Champions XXIV where the team lost to Sting and Ric Flair. Later on both of the Colossal Kong's competed in the 1993 Battlebowl tournament part of the WCW Pay Per View (PPV) of the same name. In the tournament King Kong teamed up with Dustin Rhodes to defeat Awesome Kong and The Equalizer, with the storyline being that the teams were "randomly drawn" to face off. Winning the match meant that King Kong was one of 20 wrestlers competing in a battle royal at the end of the night, won by Big Van Vader. King Kong would also work WCW's 1993 Starrcade show, losing to The Shockmaster in a singles match. The PPV loss was one of Thompson's last matches for WCW, after which he returned to the independent circuit in Texas. At this point he had tweaked his ring name outside of WCW to "Krusher Kong" instead of the more generic "King Kong". In Texas he held the NWA Brass Knuckles Championship for 73 days, until he lost it to Eclipse on August 14, 1998. He would later hold the Pro Wrestling Championship (PCW) title in 2001 as well as the Texas Championship Wrestling (later renamed Xtreme Championship Wrestling) singles title and the tag team titles twice in 2003. Kong wrestled his last match in 2010.

Paragraph 30: Bridges was one of the best pitchers in baseball from 1931 until 1943, when he entered the Army. He was among the league leaders in ERA 10 times between 1932 and 1943, including a career-low 2.39 ERA in 1943—the year before Bridges entered the Army. Over his major league career, he compiled an Adjusted ERA+ of 126—ranking 54th best in major league history. Though his unadjusted ERA is less impressive because of the high batting averages in the years in which he pitched, Bridges had an Adjusted ERA+ in excess of 140 on six occasions: 1932–33, 1939–40, 1942–43. He was named an All-Star six times between 1934 and 1940, missing out only in 1938 due to an injury. Bridges was also a consistent leader in strikeouts. He led the AL in strikeouts in 1935 and 1936 and was among the league leaders twelve times: 1931–40, 1942–43. Even more telling, he was among the top three in the league in strikeouts per nine innings pitched on seven occasions: 1931, 1935–36, 1939–40, 1942–43. In 1941, he set the Tigers career strikeout record, surpassing George Mullin's mark of 1,380. His team record for career strikeouts was broken in 1951 by Hal Newhouser, and remained the top mark for a right-hander until Jack Morris broke it in 1988. Bridges' career record with the Tigers was 194–138 with a 3.57 ERA.