Paragraph 1: As the 1964–65 season began under new head coach Aleksandar Atanacković, Partizan led the league, but with each coming week the row in the managing board increasingly affected player relations. By December 1964, ahead of the last league fixture before the winter break, two opposing camps clearly emerged within the team—one group supporting dissenting general-secretary Nenezić was led by Jusufi and also included Milan Galić, Radoslav Bečejac, Joakim Vislavski, and head coach Atanacković while the other group supporting president Radaković was led by Vasović with Vladica Kovačević, Zoran Miladinović, and several youth players. Remaining players Milutin Šoškić, Ivan Ćurković, Josip Pirmajer, and Branko Rašović stayed neutral. The dissenting group even resorted to initiating a mutiny, refusing to travel to Skopje for the final match of the first half of the season versus FK Vardar. Seeing they were missing half of their team along with head coach Atanacković, president Radaković handed the head coaching reins to Mile Kos for one match. In difficult circumstances, Kos managed to put together eleven players and Partizan managed to retain the top league spot as winter break commenced. The very next day after the Skopje debacle, head coach Atanacković was relieved of his duties as the two factions prepared for the final showdown at the club's general assembly scheduled for January 1965 at the University of Belgrade's Faculty of Law. The assembly saw the two groups of players make up. Still, the case even got to the highest echelons of power in Yugoslavia as general Ivan Gošnjak, reporting directly to marshal Tito, became aware of his fellow JNA generals causing problems within the Partizan management. Once Tito caught whiff of this, he acted swiftly, ordering action against each officer from the club's management board involved in the row by having them reassigned to another location. General Radaković thus got moved to SR Slovenia while general Radojica Nenezić got assigned to Skopje. Vladimir Dujić, a civilian, became the new club president. The head coaching duties were handed to Marko Valok.

Paragraph 2: Alan Blyth reviewed the album on LP in Gramophone in November 1982. Its cast, he wrote, was the finest company ever to have performed the opera in a recording studio. Kiri Te Kanawa, precise in recitatives and a bright golden thread in the tapestry of her ensembles, sang the Countess's music with "her familiarly warm, soft tone unimpaired and a much greater understanding than in the past [of how to achieve] the maximum with the text". Lucia Popp was the recitatives' "life and soul", a clever, amusing, "spirited [Susanna] very much at the centre of affairs". Frederica von Stade was "the very epitome of restless, ardent youthfulness" as Cherubino, seemingly more at ease with Solti than she had been a few years earlier when recording the role for Herbert von Karajan (see Le nozze di Figaro (Herbert von Karajan April 1978 recording). Jane Berbié, on the other hand, a "lively" Marcellina who had sung for Karajan too, had delivered her showpiece aria better for the latter. The album's male singers were as impressive as its women. Thomas Allen's Count was as potent a figure as Allen had made him on stage, with its "cutting edge undiminished, its sexual dimension evident in every bar", his recitatives, arias and ensembles equally infused with the Count's angry, jealous lust for his valet's fiancée. Samuel Ramey's Figaro had a voice more like his master's than was ideal, but was "a formidable rival to the Count", forceful in his resentful defiance, "a servant full of indignation, ... no prancing barber but an incipient revolutionary". The most enjoyable performance in a minor role was that of Giorgio Tadeo as a "garlicky, rip-roaring" ancestor of Gaffer Gamgee. But there was also much pleasure to be had from Kurt Moll's immaculate, "rollicking" Bartolo and Robert Tear's serpentine Basilio – a performance so elaborately crafted that even the character's tedious act 4 aria became interesting. The London Philharmonic Orchestra played well, although not as well as they had on other occasions. The only musician on the album who was open to serious criticism was its conductor. Georg Solti took recitatives faster than was dramatically realistic, and drove most of the opera forward at a "peremptory" pace that added to the excitement of its finales but subtracted from its warmth elsewhere. Solti's was a reading of "brusque rhythm and very precise detail", but "rather too little humanity in its unsmiling features". Decca's production made intelligent use of the stereo soundstage, but had two definite weaknesses – the opera was recorded in an acoustic too reverberant to suit the libretto's private, domestic settings, and the digital recording process has placed the musicians in a "glassy no-man's-land". In sum, the album could "certainly not be improved on today", but older versions of the opera conducted by Carlo Maria Giulini and Sir Colin Davis were even better.

Paragraph 3: The authors who have treated of the family at large are enumerated and noticed in detail by Professor Gravenhorst, in the Prolegomena to his History of European Ichneumones. It was not till the year 1811 that this supplemental branch was distinguished from the proper Ichneumones, by Doctor Nees von Essenbeck, whose system is more fully unfolded in the ninth volume of the New Series of Transactions, published by the Imperial Academy of the Physical Sciences, and has been followed by modern entomologists with few exceptions . That of Spinola, which Latreille adopted, and has adhered to in his latest works, differs in result as detailed by them from that first mentioned, only as respects the genus Agathis, whose affinity to Bracones is admitted by Latreille himself. But, accurately examined, this method will be found to fail, as the variations of the palpi (on which it is founded) are much more extensive than those it comprehends. That of Von Essenbeck is therefore as superior in certainty as it is in facility of application; while the few Apterous species are, by habit, easily assigned to their proper station in the family. He has, however, employed the principle of Spinola for the distinctive characters of his secondary groups, the Bracones and Bassi, a division which is accordingly defective in a similar degree. The difficulty of applying such a test appears from the fact that this most accurate observer has made glaring transpositions (I am acquainted with but two Aphidius ephippium and Alysia aptera) even among the genera strictly reducible to the lines of his own method. Professor Fallen, in a recent Essay, while he adopts the primary division of Von Essenbeck, has rejected these minor groups; but in reducing the number and extending the limits of the genera, has produced an arrangement which seems less simple and natural. Of the genera, seven had been previously established (but not all equally well defined) by Fabricius,Latreille, Schrank and Jurine; the rest we owe to the labours of the same accomplished naturalist, who has besides described at length a considerable number of the European species; of which, also, several will be found dispersed among the Fabrician genera, and more collected and arranged in the Ligurian Fauna of Spinola. Seven species only are noticed by Linne; two of which are placed among his Ichneumones majores, four with the minuti, and one is appended to thegenus Cynips.  The little that is known of their instincts and economy is to be found in the pages of Reamur, and of the incomparable Swede, in patient observation almost his equal, and his systematic views (may I not say) unrivalled among his contemporaries. A few of the more familiar species have also been figured, and their habits noticed, by some of the older writers upon insects, as Madame Merian, Frisch etc.; and some interesting contributions to their history, in recent publications, are to be consulted under their respective heads."

Paragraph 4: Sir William Bolland (1772–1840), lawyer and bibliophile, the eldest son of James Bolland, of Southwark, was educated at Reading School under Dr. Richard Valpy, and admitted a pensioner at Trinity College, Cambridge on 26 September 1789, at the age of seventeen. During his school days he wrote several prologues and epilogues for the annual dramatic performances in which the scholars took part, and for which Dr. Valpy's pupils were famous. At Cambridge he took his degree of BA in 1794, and MA in 1797. For three successive years (1797, 1798, and 1799) he won the Seatonian Prize by his poems on the respective subjects of miracles, the Epiphany, and St. Paul at Athens, which were printed separately, and also included in the "Seatonian Prize Poems" (1808), ii. 2133-97. On leaving Cambridge he determined upon adopting law as his profession, and was called to the bar at the Middle Temple on 24 April 1801. Bolland practised at the Old Bailey with great success; he was thoroughly conversant with commercial law, and soon became one of the four city pleaders. From April 1817 until he was raised to the bench he was recorder of Reading. He was a candidate for the common serjeantcy of the city of London in 1822, but in those days of heated political excitement was defeated by the Lord Denman. In November 1829 he was created a Baron of the Exchequer, and held that appointment until January 1839, when he resigned on account of failing health. On 14 May 1840 he died at Hyde Park Terrace, London. Lady Bolland, whom he married on 1 August 1810, was his cousin Elizabeth, the third daughter of John Bolland, of Clapham. An anonymous satire, "The Campaign, to his Royal Highness the Duke of York, Britannia in the year 1800 to C. J. Fox." was written by Bolland in 1800, but not issued for sale, the author confining its publicity to his friends. Although he published but little, he was known for many years as an enthusiastic student of early English literature. Dibdin dwells with unction on the pleasures of the dinner-parties of Hortensius—the fancy name by which he designated Sir William Bolland—and extols the merits of his library. It was at a dinner-party in Bolland’s house on the Adelphi Terrace that the Roxburghe Club was originated, and its first publication was his gift. This was "Certain Bokes of Virgiles Aenæis turned into English meter. By the right honorable lorde, Henry, earle of Surrey." The books were the second and fourth, and the reprint, bearing the date of 1814, though the dedication was signed 17 June 1815, was taken from a copy of the original edition of 1557, which is preserved at Dulwich College. His collections were sold in the autumn after his death, his library of about three thousand articles producing about £3,000. The bust of Sir William Bolland has been a familiar object to all who have studied in the library of Trinity College, Cambridge. A portrait by James Lonsdale is in the National Portrait Gallery.

Paragraph 5: Spears performed the song for the very first time at her L'Oreal Hair Zone Mall Tour in New York City, USA on July 1, 1998. As part of promotion for "(You Drive Me) Crazy"s release as a single, Spears performed it at the 1999 MTV Europe Music Awards and at the 1999 Billboard Music Awards. It was also performed on five concert tours, the first being the ...Baby One More Time Tour (1999). The show began with a dance introduction by Spears' dancers among smoke effects. She appeared shortly after at the top of the staircase wearing a hot pink vinyl tube top and white vinyl pants with pink knee patches. During the 2000 leg of the tour, entitled Crazy 2k Tour, Spears changed the opening sequence of the show; the show started with a skit in which the dancers came out of lockers and stayed in the stage until a bell rang. They all sat until a female teacher voice started calling their names. After the teacher called Spears, she emerged at the top of the staircase in a cloud of smoke, wearing a top and white stretch pants, to perform a short dance mix of "...Baby One More Time". She then entered one of the lockers and appeared in another one on the opposite side of the stage to perform "(You Drive Me) Crazy", which included a chair dance sequence referencing Janet Jackson's "Miss You Much" music video that ended with Spears saying "Is that the end?", quoting Jackson's phrase from the video. The song was once again performed in a dance-oriented form on the Oops!... I Did It Again Tour (2000–2001), while on the Dream Within a Dream Tour (2001–2002), the performance featured Spears being captured by her dancers. "(You Drive Me) Crazy" was also performed on The Onyx Hotel Tour (2004). For the tour, the song was remixed with elements of latin percussion. "Crazy" would not be performed by Spears for another nine years until it was included on the setlist of her Las Vegas residency show, Britney: Piece of Me (2013–2017).

Paragraph 6: Desmond Hume (Henry Ian Cusick) is being released from a military prison in 2001 with a dishonourable discharge, for unknown reasons. Upon leaving, he runs into Charles Widmore (Alan Dale) who reveals that he prevented communication between his daughter Penelope (Sonya Walger) and Desmond while he was in prison, and strongly warns Desmond against attempting to reform a relationship. Desmond, wanting to prove that he is not a coward, travels to the United States from the United Kingdom to train for a sailing race around the world, sponsored by Widmore. He meets Libby (Cynthia Watros) in a cafe, and after a deep conversation, Libby gives Desmond a yacht owned by her late husband. While Desmond is training, Penny tracks him down and angrily questions him. (There is a moment in the background where Jack is seen arriving at the stadium to run.) Desmond tells her that he is determined to win Widmore's race and promises that he will return. However, while sailing, Desmond gets caught in a bad storm, and washes up on the island. He is rescued by a man in a yellow HAZMAT suit, Kelvin Inman (Clancy Brown) (who also is the American intelligence officer that releases Sayid in one of his flashbacks) who takes him to the Dharma Initiative Swan Station and shows him the Orientation film. He explains that it was edited by Stuart Radzinsky, his former partner who faked a lockdown event and created an invisible map on the blast doors with him and then committed suicide while Inman was asleep. Inman also explains that the incident was a "leak" of electromagnetic energy from the Swan that builds up and has to be discharged by pushing the button unless someone accesses a fail-safe and "blows the dam." Desmond lives together with Kelvin for three years before he finds out that Inman is secretly planning on escaping the island using Desmond's boat. Desmond violently confronts Inman about this, accidentally killing him in the process. After almost letting the countdown timer run down and causing a "System Failure", Desmond starts drinking liquor and a few days later, contemplates suicide. Before he shoots himself however, he hears John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) banging on the hatch door, and turns on a light. Desmond then realizes that there is still hope and decides not to kill himself.

Paragraph 7: He was on the eve of obtaining the grand prix for engraving when the events of 1815 blasted his hopes, for Neuchâtel was restored to Prussia, and Robert was struck off the list of competitors as a foreigner. Whilst continuing his studies under Girardet he had never ceased to frequent the studio of David, and he now determined to become a painter, and only returned to his native country when his master himself was exiled. At Neuchâtel he attracted the notice of Roullet de Mezerac, who enabled him by a timely loan to proceed to Rome. In depicting the customs and life of the people, of southern Italy especially, he showed peculiar feeling for the historical characteristics of their race.

Paragraph 8: In June 2010, Stevenage announced that their pre–season campaign would consist of eight friendlies to open the 2010–11 season. Stevenage's proposed friendly against Peterborough United on 27 July was cancelled and was subsequently replaced with a home fixture against local Championship side Watford. Stevenage were due to face Dover Athletic in late July, but the friendly was cancelled at the request of Dover. The first-team squad reported back for pre–season training on 27 June. Stevenage played League One side Yeovil Town in a "behind closed doors" match on 13 July in a fixture "played away from the club's Broadhall Way base". Stevenage won the match 1–0 courtesy of an 82nd-minute strike from Tim Sills. The following day, Stevenage beat Conference National outfit Histon 2–0 at Bridge Road, with goals in either half from Yemi Odubade and Scott Laird. Trialists Chris Dickson, Warren McBean, and Omer Riza also featured in the match. Two days later, Stevenage travelled to Conference South side Chelmsford City for their third pre–season fixture; with the game ending 1–1. Chelmsford took the lead early in the second–half, before Charlie Griffin equalised for the visitors with ten minutes remaining. Both Dickson and McBean trialled once more, while another trialist, John Grant, also played 45 minutes of the match. Stevenage's fourth pre–season fixture against Championship side Norwich City ended in a 0–0 draw, with Scott Laird missing a penalty in the second half for the hosts. Striker Bas Savage also trialled for Stevenage, coming on as a 50th-minute substitute in the match. Stevenage then entertained another Championship side in the form of newly promoted Millwall, with Stevenage winning the match 2–1. Former Millwall player Peter Vincenti opened the scoring in the first-half, and the lead was doubled early on in the second-half courtesy of new signing Peter Winn. Millwall pulled a goal back with ten minutes remaining through former Stevenage striker Steve Morison. Three days later, Stevenage lost 2–0 to Watford at Broadhall Way, the club's first defeat of the pre–season campaign. The following day, Stevenage beat Corby Town 1–0, with Chris Beardsley's first-half strike proving to be the decider. After the match, it was announced that Stevenage would add another friendly to their schedule, playing local side Hitchin Town on 2 August. In the club's penultimate game of the pre–season campaign, Stevenage lost 1–0 to Conference National side Newport County at Spytty Park. Stevenage won their final pre–season fixture 4–0 against Hitchin Town. Charlie Griffin, Mark Roberts, and Michael Bostwick gave Stevenage a three-goal lead going into the interval, and Chris Beardsley added a fourth in the second half to complete the scoring.

Paragraph 9: In 1898, the University of Nebraska established a new School of Domestic Science. Along with this came the school's request for Rosa to organize it. Rosa had spent a lot of her time expanding upon her education and in 1894, she met with Ellen Swallow. Swallow was an active leader in organizing college-level courses related to home economic, of whom Rosa learned a lot from. It was in the school's best interest to have Rosa instruct these courses due to her dedication and expertise in this area of study. Rosa accepted this offer and began her work in developing this program. She was given an initial fifteen dollars from the school to acquire appliances including tables, sinks, stoves, cupboards, and other supplies vital to teaching domestic science. While this was not enough to equip the classroom with the proper materials, Rosa also received funding from the chemistry department with the help of her colleague, Henry Nicholson. Beyond this, Rosa often spent her own money on supplies and training. The summer of 1898, after accepting her role in this department, Rosa paid for herself to travel to Boston. There, she learned more about this the field of domestic science in order to improve the effect she would have on the department and women that she would be instructing the next fall. When the school officially opened, there were eleven students enrolled. Within two years, the enrollment had increased to forty-one and at this point, Rosa was named the director of this school. In 1906, just eight years after it first opened, the School of Domestic Science grew from a two-year program to a four-year program and was later renamed the College of Home Economics. With this came training for new instructors as well. The school continued to expand as the years passed; Rosa designed a new school that would be built in 1908. She spent a lot of time researching the quality and design of already established scientific facilities when planning for this construction. Another milestone came in 1912 when the enrollment for the School of Domestic Science reached over three hundred students. By this point, the school had also hired more trained instructors who would take over for Rosa Bouton in 1912 when she was asked to step down from her position. Rosa played a very large role in the local and national Home Economics Association and had written articles that were published in both The Nebraska Teacher and The Nebraska Farmer. Her reputation was well established in Nebraska, however, at the age of fifty-one, she resigned from UNL and moved out of Nebraska.

Paragraph 10:  Detox: A studio album by American hip hop recording artist Dr. Dre, slated to be his swan song album, was originally slated for release between 2011 and 2012 through Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records. Production for Detox began in 2000, but has been delayed several times as Dr. Dre wanted to concentrate on producing for artists that were on his Aftermath record label. Work for the upcoming album dates back to 2001, where its first version was called "the most advanced rap album ever," by co-producer Scott Storch. Even at the beginning of Detoxs production, it was announced that it would be Dr. Dre's final studio album, which had been confirmed at different points throughout the album's 10-year production process. Because Dr. Dre had stated he was tired of rapping about marijuana use and a stereotypical gangster lifestyle, he planned to make Detox a hip-hop musical telling the story of a professional hitman and his family, with an intended summer 2003 release date. Initially announced in 2000 after the release of Dr. Dre's previous album 2001 (1999), Detox went through many iterations during its 11-year production period, failing to have a confirmed release date due to Dr. Dre believing the project "wasn't good enough". However, the album spawned two official singles, "Kush" and "I Need a Doctor". In January 2004, Storch listed guest appearances such as 50 Cent, Eminem, Game, and Snoop Dogg. Keri Hilson told Rap-Up that she had recorded material for the album but was unsure if the tracks would make the final cut. J. Cole stated that he recorded with Dre but refused to explain further. The album's production was eventually cancelled on August 1, 2015, with Dr. Dre instead releasing a brand-new album, Compton, inspired by the concurrent production of the film Straight Outta Compton, a week later on August 7.Fear Inoculum: Tool frontman Maynard James Keenan announced at the 50th Grammy Awards in February 2008 that the band would start working on a follow up to their 2006 album 10,000 Days "right away". However, a number of creative, personal, and legal issues delayed the writing and recording of the album, which was eventually released at the end of August 2019.i/o: The hypothetical tenth studio album from British art pop musician Peter Gabriel, i/o began production in April 1995 following the conclusion of Gabriel's Secret World tour, concurrently with his seventh studio album, Up (itself not released until 2002).— Peter Gabriel: Had a Nice Decade by Franklin Cumberbatch, 27 September 2002. VH1  Gabriel originally stated that the album would be released in 2004, only for extensive touring in support of Up to delay these plans considerably. Gabriel repeatedly gave vague updates on the album's production over the following years, first stating in 2008 that he was "shifting focus" towards both i/o and his cover album Scratch My Back (which saw release in 2010) before later claiming in 2011 that i/o was still just a number of unfinished "song ideas" that he had yet to elaborate upon. Gabriel would continue to post about the album's production during the remainder of the 2010s, ultimately stating on BBC Radio in April 2019 that he was planning on finishing songwriting for i/o by the end of the year. Despite his plans to "get a record out" by early 2020, the album was delayed further as a result of lockdowns imposed in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. In an interview with Uncut magazine for their September 2020 issue, Gabriel stated that despite the delays, "I have enough songs to make a record I'm proud of," and that a complete album could be expected at an indeterminate point in the future. The album's lead single, "Panopticom", was eventually released on January 6, 2023, with plans to release additional singles with each successive full moon that year; no release date has been given for the full album.

Paragraph 11: A few months later, Naomi is finding greater success as a stand-up comedian, even using her cancer as part of her routine. Effy and Jake are now in a relationship, and frequently attend Naomi's gigs. Emily has managed to get time off from her internship, and has flown over from New York to visit them, although Naomi is resistant to telling her the truth. Things are getting difficult at the Hedge Fund, however, and Jake, upon learning that Effy had help in her previous breakthrough, suggests she find help from the same source. However, things take a turn for the worse when Naomi's doctor informs her that her radiotherapy hasn't worked, and that she will have to start chemotherapy at once. Needing her breakthrough for her sake and Naomi's, Effy goes back to Dominic and asks him for help. Dominic angrily declares his undying love for her and demands that she leave him alone. He nevertheless provides her with another crucial piece of information, and, with Jake's help, they are able to make millions. A couple of months after that, Effy moves a considerably weaker Naomi to her new, lavishly furnished flat in Canary Wharf, although Naomi sadly states that she preferred her old flat. Soon after, though, Effy receives a call from the Financial Services Authority (which was replaced by the Financial Conduct Authority shortly after filming began), who have come up with evidence that her successful portfolios were the result of insider dealing, meaning she could face charges of market abuse. Effy is urged by Jake to deny everything. That night, Effy returns to the flat to find that Naomi has been vomiting incessantly all day, and is suffering with a horrific fever. Shocked by the state she is in, Effy quickly calls Dominic, who rushes over to help. The next day, while Dominic takes Naomi to the hospital, Effy goes to the FSA for her scheduled meeting, where she discovers that the FSA agent investigating her is Victoria. With Effy refusing to co-operate, Victoria decides to call in Dominic. Worried, Effy meets up with him at the hospital and tells him that the FSA are about to investigate him, but he is enraged that she is so preoccupied with her own life when her friend is alone in her hospital room, and storms off. Effy discovers that Naomi has disappeared from her room, and after a quick search, finds that she has gone up to the snowy roof to smoke a cigarette. A crying Naomi explains that her cancer has become terminal, and that she will now have to break her promise never to hurt Emily again. That night, Dominic turns up at her flat, angrily berating Effy for using him and for the way she has behaved, and announcing that the FSA has confiscated his laptop. Effy kisses him, and the two begin to initiate sex. However, Dominic sees that she is not genuinely willing and realises that she is just using sex as a means of pacifying him. Mortified, he leaves, never to return.

Paragraph 12: One end of the Tōkai Nature Trail is at Mount Takao, at the Takaosan-guchi Station. The other end is at Minoh, near Osaka. Sites including a suspension bridge found along Trail 4 and numerous waterfalls (such as the Biwa Falls, found on Trail 6) are scattered along the numerous trails. On Trail 1, hundred-year-old cedars line the path, including Takosugi, the famous octopus cedar, with a height of 37 meters and a circumference of about 19 feet. This enormous tree is estimated to be around 500 years old.  Along with cable cars and chair lifts, Mount Takao has several stores and sweet shops. There are a total of three observation decks scattered along Trail 1. A monkey park is located on Trail 1, just past the first observation deck. At the base of the mountain, one can enjoy a soak in the Keio Takaosan Onsen Gokurakuyu, or visit the 599 Museum, which focuses on the ecology surrounding Mount Takao. In addition to Mount Takao's most popular temple, Takaosan Yakuōin Yūkiji, many other shrines and statues are scattered throughout the mountain. Most of dedicated to the tengu, considered to be guardians of the mountain, but several are dedicated to the Buddha and other Buddhist and Shinto figures. While many people explore Mount Takao during the day, visitors can also hike the mountain at night as Trail 1 is lined with lanterns.

Paragraph 13: Feminist authors writing in the late 19th and early 20th century, such as Ellen Battelle Dietrick and John Augustine Zahm, are attributing to Paula (and, to a degree, to her daughter Eustochium) a much more comprehensive role in Jerome's work, crediting Paula with first suggesting to him the translation of the Bible from Hebrew and Greek into Latin, resulting in his major oeuvre, the Vulgate, as well as in helping him along with the translation, editing Jerome's manuscripts, providing him the money needed for purchasing the necessary works, and eventually copying the text and putting it into wider circulation. Dietrick, the women's rights activist, also maintains that Paula "co-labor[ed] with Jerome", being a "woman of fine intellect, highly trained, and an excellent Hebrew scholar," who "revised and corrected Jerome's work" and takes case with the "Churchmen" attributing the Vulgate solely to Jerome, while this fundamental work would have never taken shape without Paula's contribution. Nancy Hardesty, a leading figure in the US evangelical feminist movement whose publishing and public activity career started in the 1960s and peaked in the 70s, wrote in 1988 about Paula in a popular Christian history magazine, speaking of how she paid Jerome's living expenses, and repeating several of the old tropes known from Dietrick and Zahm However, W.H. Fremantle, who wrote the Jerome chapter of the classical Nicene and Post-Nicene Fathers (NPNF) series, published in 1892 and including all of Jerome's surviving letters to Paula and Eustachium, doesn't mention in Jerome's biography under "The Vulgate" Paula's or Eustochium's name even once, and only mentions two members of the next generation of "virgins", the younger Paula and Melania, as those who attended to him during his last years. The famous Epistula 108 written by Jerome at the death of Paula and addressed to Eustochium, while including a biography of his late friend, focuses on what Jerome conceives as Paula's main merits, her ascetic lifestyle and Christian values, but does not mention their working relationship. He does paraphrase Horace when he writes that "I have built" (to your memory) "a monument more lasting than bronze", but while the poet is predicting the long-lasting influence of the entire literary oeuvre left behind by him and his contemporaries of the Augustan age, Jerome is equivocal enough as to allow the Paula enthusiast, Rev. J.A. Zahm (1912), to see Jerome alluding here to his entire life-work, "but above all, ... the Vulgate" as Paula's monument, while the very rigurous Johanna C. Lamprecht (2017) only understands him as referring to that very letter. However, the fact remains that Jerome dedicated many of his reworked or new translations to Paula: Job, Isaiah, 1 and 2 Samuel, 1 and 2 Kings, Esther, three of the epistles (Galatians, Philemon, Titus), and the twelve minor prophets, with the Book of Esther being dedicated to both Paula and Eustochium. Interestingly enough, by now the official Vatican News is presenting as Paula's main merit the fact that it was her who "suggested the need" for the Bible's translation into Latin, and together with her daughter "copied the work so it could be shared far and wide."

Paragraph 14: Bernie and Helena had a dysfunctional marriage because of Bernie's playboy nature and Bernie's secretary was flirting with him. Domeng and Mokong were fired from their jobs where Bernie is the employer for doing rude acts accidentally and caught sleeping in the job due to overnight tasks assigned by their supervisor. They are trying to find a work in several jobs but unfortunately, Bernie is always the manager of every job they tried to apply including a construction firm and a country club even they are acting as blind beggars in the street. This further aggravated the situation, Domeng and Mokong have decided to seek revenge against Bernie for firing them in their jobs by robbing Bernie's house however when they tried to hide in the trunk of the car, someone locked them out. Then the car was driven by Bernie going to his vacation house in Baguio together with his secretary, unknown to them that Mokong and Domeng were inside the car trunk. Meanwhile, Bernie and Helena's marriage got worse while their kids tried to help them resolve the issue, they convinced Helena to follow Bernie in Baguio. When they arrived in their vacation house. Helena and her kids caught Bernie in the act having an affair with his secretary and confronted them. Bernie and Helena's siblings walked out of the house together with the keys of their house and vehicles, they will not give the keys and unlocked the house unless the two fixed their issue. Mokong and Domeng have finally escaped out of the car the assumed that Bernie's family left they entered Bernie's House unknowing to them that Bernie and Helena were inside the house and van they saw was their siblings driving the van and the two met the couple inside the house and confronting them. When Bernie and Helena were cornered, Mokong and Domeng started to rob the house and escape. Upon their robbery, Bernie and Helena marriage problems were finally resolved. While Bernie and Helena's children were driving to go home, they encounter Mokong and Domeng's vehicle, losing out of control and their van went to the edge of the cliff and getting to fall. One of them escaped out of the van and he saw Mokong and Domeng. The two went to the van and saved them, then Bernie arrived and help Domeng. All the children survived, the van fell off the cliff and explodes. As Bernie's sign of gratitude, he decided to return Mokong and Domeng to their jobs.

Paragraph 15: M1594.7: O'Donnell, as we have stated, was encamped, laying siege to Enniskillen, from the middle of June to the month of August, until the warders of the castle had consumed almost all their provisions. Messengers came to O'Donnell from the Scots, whom he had before invited over, to inform him that they had arrived at Derry. And those who had come thither were Donnell Gorm Mac Donnell, and Mac Leod of Ara. O'Donnell then set out with a small number of his forces to hire them; and he left another large party of them with Maguire to assist him, and he ordered them to remain blockading the castle. When the Lord Justice, Sir William Fitzwilliam, had received intelligence that the warders of Enniskillen were in want of stores and provisions, he ordered a great number of the men of Meath [Kingdom of Mide], and of the gentlemen of the Reillys and the Binghams of Connaught, under the conduct of George Oge Bingham, to convey provisions to Enniskillen. These chieftains, having afterwards met together, went to Cavan, O'Reilly's town, for provisions; and they proceeded through Fermanagh, keeping Lough Erne on the right, until they arrived within about four miles of the town. When Maguire (Hugh) received intelligence that these forces were marching towards the town with the aforesaid provisions, he set out with his own forces and the forces left him by O'Donnell, together with Cormac, the son of the Baron, i.e. the brother of the Earl O'Neill; and they halted at a certain narrow pass, to which they thought they the enemy would come to them. The ambuscade was successful, for they came on, without noticing any thing, until they fell in with Maguire's people at the mouth of a certain ford. A fierce and vehement conflict, and a spirited and hard-contested battle, was fought between both parties, till at length Maguire and his forces routed the others by dint of fighting, and a strages of heads was left to him; and the rout was followed up a great way from that place. A countless number of nobles and plebeians [plebs] fell in this conflict. Many steeds, weapons, and other spoils, were left behind in that place by the defeated, besides the steeds and horses that were loaded with provisions, on their way to Enniskillen. A few fugitives of Meath and of the Reillys escaped from this conflict, and never stopped until they arrived in Breifny O'Reilly. The route taken by George Oge Bingham and the few who escaped with him from the field was through the Largan, the territory of the Clann-Coffey Magauran, through Breifny O'Rourke, and from thence to Sligo. The name of the ford at which this great victory was gained was changed to Bel-atha-na-mBriosgadh Battle of the Ford of the Biscuits, from the number of biscuits and small cakes left there to the victors on that day. When the warders of the castle heard of the defeat of the army, they surrendered the castle to Maguire; and he gave them pardon and protection.

Paragraph 16: David Silcox and Andrew Hunter have argued that these perceptions were primarily propagated by his friends, those who formed the Group of Seven in the years following his death and others in the Canadian art scene, nearly all of whom relied on the same basic details in their treatments of Thomson's life and career. Lismer, for example, wrote, "[Thomson] had no connection with styles or schools... He had nothing to do with Europe and in his art there is not a trace of inherited style or influence from abroad... If one knew Thomson, one also realized that he knew nothing of such as things as [Art Nouveau or Impressionism]." Jackson similarly wrote that Thomson's "rugged individuality was never dominated by any outside influence," and that Thomson was the "Instigator of the movement to the North Country." Lawren Harris echoed these views, saying "There was nothing that interfered with Tom's direct, primal vision of nature. He was completely innocent of any of the machinery of civilization and was happiest when away from it in the north." Barker Fairley wrote that, "Neither theory nor any acquired opinion can have had any permanent place in Thomson's mind. He was naïve throughout." Harold Mortimer-Lamb wrote, "With his equipment he went to Nature and communed with her in all her moods." Blodwen Davies wrote, "Through the story of painting in Canada there stalks a tall, lean trailsman, with his sketch box and paddle, an artist and dreamer who made the wilderness his cloister and there worshipped Nature in her secret moods." F. B. Housser wrote, "Never before had such knowledge and the feeling for such things been given to expression in paint. Thomson's canvases are unique in the annals of all art especially when it is remembered that he was untrained as a painter. His master was nature." In general, members of the Group claimed that their art did not originate in established artistic traditions but was instead dictated by the landscape itself. A. Y. Jackson described Thomson as "the guide, the interpreter" who introduced his friends to "a new world, the north country." Dennis Reid argued similarly, writing that Thomson's death was seen "almost as a sacrifice to the idea of an indigenous Canadian art... Thomson was... to become Canada's first Old Master, and as an idea he has acted as a constant inspiration to all who believed that the secret of Canada's self-knowledge is somehow contained in the land." Revisionist art historians have criticized the view that Thomson and the Group of Seven were originators of a new Canadian nationalist style of art.

Paragraph 17: His father Joseph Egg was a wealthy gunsmith from the distinguished gun making family, who immigrated to London from Huningue, Alsace. Egg was educated in the schools of the Royal Academy, beginning in 1836. Egg was a member of The Clique, a group of artists founded by Richard Dadd and others in the late 1830s (c. 1837). Egg sought to combine popularity with moral and social activism, in line with the literary work of his friend Charles Dickens. With Dickens he set up the "Guild of Literature and Art", a philanthropic organisation intended to provide welfare payments to struggling artists and writers. He acted the lead role in "Not So Bad As We Seem," a play written by Edward Bulwer-Lytton to raise funds for the organisation. His self-portrait in the role is in Hospitalfield House in Arbroath.

Paragraph 18: In the 19th century Allington comprised two parishes, East and West, but centred on one village as a township which looked after the poor of both parishes. In 1872 White's Directory reported that East Allington had a population of 267, and West Allington 141. The combined area of both parishes was , two-thirds of which was owned by the lord of the manor, John Earle Welby of Allington Hall. Noted was the "farm house... in Elizabethan style" [on Bottesford Road] "said to be the ancient manor house". The village cross is mentioned, as is a "copious" chalybeate spring called 'Saltwell' at the south. The ecclesiastical parish of Holy Trinity Church in West Allington was a rectory in the gift of the Lord Chancellor; the incumbent, in lieu of tithes, received  of glebe – an area of land used to support a parish priest – and a rectory house built in 1870 for £1,250. The parish of East Allington, under St James Church (restored in 1855), received a benefice which was combined with that of Sedgebrook, and included  of glebe. The feast day for both Allington parishes was on Old Michaelmas Day. A National School had been built in 1848 by the lord of the manor, and in 1858 a Primitive Methodist chapel was built for £250. Professions and trades listed in 1872 for West Allingon were the parish rector, a tailor, two joiners & undertakers, and four farmers, two of whom were also graziers. Listed for East Allington were a schoolmistress, a shopkeeper, a mason who was also a bricklayer and contractor, a brewer, the licensed victualler of the Welby Arms who was also a farmer and grazier, and five further farmers, one of whom was also a coal & lime merchant, two a grazier, and another a grazier and butcher.

Paragraph 19: Lougheed was subsequently elected to the legislature in Calgary-West garnering 62 per cent of the vote, and the Progressive Conservatives captured 26 per cent of the vote province-wide with five other successful candidates. With six elected MLAs, Lougheed became Leader of the Opposition. The group of elected Conservatives known as the "original six" included Calgary MLAs Len Werry, and David Russell; Edmonton area MLAs Lou Hyndman and Don Getty, and the party's only rural candidate and former federal Member of Parliament Hugh Horner. The Edmonton Journal remarked positively on Lougheed's success following the 1967 election, stating Albertans had a responsible and credible alternative as opposition.

Paragraph 20: Queen of Fables appears in the DC Universe animated series Harley Quinn, voiced by Wanda Sykes. This version's powers are derived from a magical storybook from which she can conjure storybook characters to do her bidding. Introduced in "So, You Need a Crew?", she attempted to break the glass ceiling for female supervillains in the 1980s by turning Gotham into an enchanted forest kingdom with an army of storybook characters. However, she was defeated by the Justice League and transformed into a talking U.S. Master Tax Guide Book by Zatanna, leaving the Queen annoyed about not being thrown in Arkham Asylum "like any male villain". Following this, she gained a job as a tax consultant. In "The Line", she is freed from the tax code by a court order that deemed it to be a cruel and unusual punishment, though she is ironically sentenced to serve the rest of her term at Arkham. Harley Quinn breaks her out in transit and the Queen temporarily joins her crew before her extreme and violent methods lead to her being ousted. After the crew steals a weather control device to ransom Gotham, the Queen attempts to steal it for herself, but they are interrupted by Jason Praxis, a surviving member of a family she had slaughtered with electrical powers who sought revenge on the Queen. He destroys her storybook, but Harley uses a force field device she and her crew previously stole to protect the Queen and subdue Praxis before getting the former to leave. Killing Praxis on her way out, the Queen promises Harley will regret letting her live. In the episode "Devil's Snare", having formed an alliance with the Joker and acquired a new storybook, the Queen traps the Justice League in it before sending Harley and her crew up a beanstalk to be killed by a giant cyclops. After getting down with Kite Man's help, Harley kills the Queen. As of "A Fight Worth Fighting For", the Book of Fables fell into the possession of a nurse named Bethany after Joker was rendered sane and gave it to her. Once a restored Joker retrieved it for Harley, Batman has Zatanna free the Justice League from it. The Queen later appears during an in memoriam segment during a villain's award show in season 3.

Paragraph 21: São Marcos takes its name from Saint Mark, the Evangelist. São Marcos is Portuguese for Saint Mark and da Serra means "of the Mountain Range". The specific date of creation of the civil parish of São Marcos da Serra is not yet known, however, the oldest documentary reference to this parish dates back to 1598 in the information that Fernando Martins Mascarenhas, Bishop of Faro sent to Pope Clement VIII on the state of his bishopric. It was certainly in the first half of the 16th century, during the reign of king Manuel I of Portugal (1495-1521) that the parish of São Marcos arose, given that it was this monarch who undertook the entire reorganization of the administration of the territory and conferred the new charters on the Portuguese cities and towns. Integrated in this policy was the creation of new parishes, including São Marcos da Serra. The liberal revolution of 1820 put an end to the rigid absolutist system that was established until then and promoted the ideals of freedom and independence promoted by liberalism: civil equality, religious equality and property rights. These liberal ideals were strongly opposed by the toughest guerrilla leaders that the antiliberal Miguelist supporters organized throughout the country. In Algarve region, José Joaquim de Sousa Reis, also known as the Remexido, a civil servant from São Bartolomeu de Messines who defended the rights of king Miguel to the Portuguese throne and the old absolutist rule, became one of the most famous guerrilla leaders in the country during and after the Liberal Wars (1828–1834). In 1833, after the landing of liberal troops in the Algarve, he was ordered to occupy São Marcos da Serra for being a strategic location for the interception of communications and supplies sent to the liberals. In the period between 1833 and 1838, Remexido withdrew, after successive incursions on the Algarve coast, to São Marcos da Serra, transforming this location, alongside Santana da Serra in the neighboring municipality of Ourique, into the headquarters of the antiliberal guerrilla. After the defeat of Miguel in 1834, Remexido found himself savagely persecuted, and took refuge in the mountains of the Algarve. On the outskirts of São Marcos da Serra is the so-called Cabana do Remexido (Remexido's Hut), where it is said that the famous antiliberal Miguelist, commander of legitimist guerrillas who spread fear and violence throughout the region, was captured.  The victory of the liberal revolution made São Marcos da Serra benefit from all the changes, namely with the arrival of the railroad that brought with it the development of this modest village, resulting in the emergence of an industry (gristmills), complementary equipment (inn), and a new cemetery. From the middle of the 19th century to the beginning of the 20th century, the population increase forced the construction of new neighborhoods, new streets and blocks. The 1950 Portuguese census marks the highest number of inhabitants São Marcos da Serra ever had until then, with a record-high 4,179 population assessed at the time. The construction of a new two-room primary school in the mid-twentieth century reflects a population that was already stabilized, but that would soon feel the weight of people's flight to both coastal cities and as emigrants abroad. Already experiencing a continuously declining population, with the events of the Carnation Revolution in 1974 when a large number of destitute refugees from the collapsed overseas Portuguese Empire arrived to Portugal, the village's population unexpectedly grew more than 40% in a short time between the 1970s and the early 1980s but in the following years it appeared to resume its decline. Since 1999, putative apparitions of the Virgin Mary as Our Lady Mother of Goodness (Nossa Senhora da Bondade) were reported near São Marcos da Serra, resulting in some worldwide notoriety, in particular by the Catholic youth and priests. Although these allegedly paranormal events resulted in pilgrimages by some faithful to northern Algarve, the Holy See has never officially recognized these so-called Marian apparitions. Throughout the 2000s, São Marcos da Serra populational decline continued and the village cemented its status as a satellite village of the larger and better developed town of São Bartolomeu de Messines. In 2011, the same year that according to the 2011 census the population reached a record low number of 1,352 inhabitants as measured since the 1864 census, the São Marcos da Serra railway station was closed, increasing further its dependence on the neighboring town of São Bartolomeu de Messines. However, rural tourism-focused facilities and events have been developed in São Marcos da Serra since the 2010s in order to take advantage of the newly-built Odelouca Dam with a catchment area of 393 km² and the area's pristine, sparsely-populated natural landscape nested between two mountain ranges of inland, western Algarve.

Paragraph 22: After reportedly knocking back million-dollar contract offers from other clubs in the off-season, media pundits labelled Lynch a likely choice as the Suns' next captain, while Fox Footy commentator Jonathan Brown said Lynch was "in the upper echelon of young key forwards" in the league. He continued as co-vice captain that year, and began the 2016 season by kicking four goals in a win over  in round 1. Another five goals followed in round 2, before Lynch formally recommitted to the Suns by signing a new contract extension through the end of the 2018 season and reportedly worth around $800,000 per season. He extended his exceptional form over the next three weeks, kicking another 13 goals to lead the competition with 22 goals over the first five rounds of the season. At that time, Lynch also led the league in the AFL Coaches Association player of the year award. Though Lynch had dropped to third place in that same award after round 7, Jonathan Brown again heaped praise on him, anointing Lynch the best and most complete power forward in the league. By his own lofty standards, Lynch had a reduced output in the following month, next kicking four goals while also posting a new career high with seven marks inside-50 in a round 12 match against . His opponent on the day All-Australian defender Alex Rance, labelled Lynch the best key forward in the league following that match and in late June, Fox Footy's Jake Niall also praised Lynch, saying there was "no better young key forward in the game", calling him the best contested marker in the league and comparing him to former  legend Stephen Kernahan. In round 15 Lynch recorded a career-best 14 marks before kicking another bag of five goals in round 16 and leading his side to a QClash win over the . Jonathan Brown again stepped up his praise for Lynch in early August, naming him the best player in the league owing to his league-leading tallies in contested marks, marks inside-50 and his significant goalkicking tally despite playing for a poorly performing team. In round 20, Lynch kicked four goals to bring himself to equal leading position in the Coleman Medal race with three-time winner Lance Franklin. Five goals over the final three matches of the season saw Lynch slip from that position, leading the club but finishing third in the league for total goals kicked that season with 66. At season's end he would receive his second successive Gold Coast Suns Club Champion award and was named to the All-Australian team in the forward pocket position. He again ranked number one in the league for contested marks that season.

Paragraph 23: Popular and influential Mexican war veteran and Rev. Richard A. Stewart of Pointe Coupee Parish began recruiting men in the spring of 1861 eventually forming what would soon become Co A of the Pointe Coupee Artillery. These men received more than adequate training in Baton Rouge by experienced officers of the pre war Donaldsonville Canonniers (Louisiana) of Ascension Parish one of whom transferred to Stewart's Pointe Coupee Artillery. Capt. Stewart's Pointe Coupee Artillery were the first Confederate light artillery to reach the Mississippi River stronghold at Columbus, Ky. as they began their four years of service in the Western Theater of the American Civil War. They were fully equipped with six smoothbore plus an additional six Confederate manufactured 6 pounder rifled Parrott guns picked up along the way in Memphis, Tennessee. These men were equipped with the finest cannon, caissons, limbers, horses, and ordnance available as they were transported from New Orleans to the scene of conflict with plenty of trained men to operate them. In October 1861 a large number of men from New Orleans then serving in the Watson Battery of New Orleans transferred to the Pointe Coupee Artillery at Columbus, Ky. They formed the nucleus of what would soon become Co. B. Stewart's Pointe Coupee Artillery were distinguished during the Battle of Belmont and other determined engagements defending the important Columbus, Kentucky stronghold on the Miss. River. Afterward the men were active in defense of Island Number Ten. Stewart's continued recruiting efforts assured the formation of a third company which officially became Co. C in August 1862 creating a full artillery battalion of three companies. Stewart accompanied Co. A when ordered to Fort Pillow where they assisted in the strengthening of the fort and afterward endured the terrific and lengthy naval bombardment. Co. B was captured at the surrender of Island No. 10 in April, 1862 and sent to northern prison camps. Stewart was promoted to Major in June 1862 and Sr. 1st Lt. Alcide Bouanchaud became Captain at that time. Major R. A. Stewart was also authorized by Lieutenant General Leonidas Polk to form Stewart's Louisiana Legion and recruited several infantry companies and a squadron of cavalry in Louisiana. Stewart held the rank of Colonel, such rank had apparently not yet been approved by the Confederate War Department, when he tendered his resignation from Confederate service disgruntled that his many recruits for his Legion had been diverted to other commands. His resignation was accepted by Confederates authorities soon after. In mid 1862 the Pointe Coupee Artillery Battalion consisted of Senior Capt. Alcide Bouanchaud of Co. A, Capt. William A. Davidson of Co. B and Capt. Alex Chust of Co. C. Co. B was paroled from prison and sent downriver to near Vicksburg, Mississippi in early Sept. 1862. All three companies were present with at least some engaged at the Second Battle of Corinth in early October 1862. A section of Co. A and a section of Co. B with Capt. Bouanchaud in command contributed considerably to the successful Confederate ambush of pursuing Union troops at the Battle of Coffeeville in north Mississippi in early December 1862.

Paragraph 24: The game started well for the Exiles as a long ball from Daniel Holdsworth which cut 3 men out allowed Joel Monaghan to break down the right side of the field, Holdsworth backed him up and passed inside to Steve Menzies. However Menzies was about to be tackled before Scott Dureau showed up to take the ball and perform a 360 degree swivel before offloading to Brett Hodgson who darted between 3 England players to score the first try of the game. Hodgson converted his own try to put the Exiles into an early 6-0 lead. England hit back in the 22nd minute, Scott Dureau put in a grubber kick which was fielded easily by Stefan Ratchford. Ratchford was tackled on his own 10m line, Warrington Wolves star Ryan Atkins then scooted from dummy half and evaded the markers to race 90m to score England's first try of the game. Danny Brough managed to kick the goal from a tight angle to level the scores at 6-6. However the Exiles soon regained the lead when stand off Daniel Holdsworth gave an inside ball to Steve Menzies which caught the England defence out. Menzies raced 30m before drawing the fullback in and passing to the supporting Lincoln Withers who had to pass to Scott Dureau to avoid the cover defence. Dureau crossed under the sticks and captain Brett Hodgson converted to give the Exiles a 12-6 lead. England once again hit back with a move which went to the left of the field and back to the right again. Rob Burrow ran across the face of the defence and found Ratchford, he then gave an inside ball to Jon Wilkin, as Wilkin was about to be tackled he quickly offloaded to Danny Brough, Brough ran to the right, isolated the Exiles winger and found Leroy Cudjoe with a cutout pass, he drew the winger in and passed outside to Josh Charnley who raced 25m and stepped inside Brett Hodgson to score a try. This time Danny Brough could not convert the try and the Exiles held onto a 2-point lead. The Exiles extended their lead even further just before the half time hooter. A scrum gave the Exiles vital field position which allowed them to execute a sweeping move to the left of the field with Brett Hodgson delivering the final cut out ball for Joel Monaghan to score in the corner. Hodgson could not convert the difficult kick but the Exiles went into halftime 16-10 up.

Paragraph 25: Third place finisher Antti Tuisku also signed with Sony BMG and has gone on to become the most commercially successful contestant in Idols history, with his albums sales higher than those of all his fellow season one contestants combined. His debut album Ensimmäinen appeared in May 2004 and peaked at number 1 for three consecutive weeks. It was certified double platinum, selling 71,000 copies. Antti Tuisku, his self-titled sophomore effort also hit the top spot when released a year later in May 2005, and was certified platinum after selling over 37,000 copies. He released a Christmas album, Minun Jouluni in November of the same year which was certified gold and peaked at number 3. On 4 October 2006 he released his third and fourth studio albums New York and Rovaniemi simultaneously. The former debuted at number 1 and the latter at number 2, making Tuisku the first Finnish artist to release two albums on the same date and have them take the two highest positions on the chart in their first week. New York proved to be more successful and sold 15,000 copies to be certified gold, whilst Rovaniemi sold just under 14,000. In November 2007 Tuisku released Aikaa, his first "greatest hits" collection. Unlike his previous studio albums which had all been top 2 hits however, it stalled in the chart at number 10, selling only 7,000 copies. His fifth studio album Hengitän was released on 23 September 2009, peaked at number 3 and was accredited gold for sales of over 15,000 copies. Tuisku's sixth studio album, Kaunis Kaaos was released on 27 October 2010 and debuted at number 2, Tuisku's highest chart debut since 2006. It was certified platinum for sales of over 20,000 copies. In addition to the success of his albums, Tuisku has also achieved three number 1 singles, more than any other Idols contestant.

Paragraph 26: The film revolves around Nita (played by Supriya Choudhury), a young girl who lives with her family, refugees from East Pakistan, in the suburbs of Calcutta. Nita is a self-sacrificing person who is constantly exploited by everyone around her, even her own family, who take her goodness for granted. Her father has an accident and is unable to make a living. Her elder brother Shankar (played by Anil Chatterjee) believes that his craft (singing) needs to be perfected before he can make any income from it and therefore the burden of taking care of the family falls on Nita. Her life is ridden with personal tragedy: her lover Sanat leaves her for her sister Geeta, her younger brother is injured while working in a factory and finally she herself becomes a burden for her family by contracting tuberculosis. Her mostly absent would-be singer brother is the only person who cares about her in the end. At the end of the film, she screams out her agony, throwing herself into her brother's arms. She utters her last words: "Brother, I want to survive (দাদা, আমি বাঁচতে চাই।)."

Paragraph 27: The stage was designed by production designer Steven Cohen and production manager Rob Brenner for the HBO special. This was the first time Spears used an entire new stage design after having used a typical end-stage with a ramp and stairs at the center as on her first 3 tours (the ...Baby One More Time Tour, the (You Drive Me) Crazy Tour, and the Oops!... I Did It Again Tour). Cohen designed the main stage with an oval shape so that Spears could perform around the stage and so that it would look good from multiple camera angles. He said that the rest of the stage was created with three main components in mind: a runway, a B-stage, and a flying device over the crowd. The last was developed, as explained by Cohen, "around this Cleopatra's barge concept I got into my head while designing when the movie Cleopatra was playing in the background. It needed to be elegant and stylized but also high tech, because it was going to have to be traveling on conventional motors and transport mechanisms. Plus, it had to have a big enough performance area for her and the dancers." Brenner continued, "I wanted to try to give the kid in the back of the house the same experience as the one in the first 10 rows." The runway uniting the main stage and the B-stage was suggested by one of Spears's managers, Johnny Wright. The entire stage was built by Michael Tait from Tait Towers. Cohen said, "We took a more expanded role in preparing the drawings for Michael. We wanted to retain the essence of the look of the show, both in its overall footprint and in the execution of these various pieces. [...] [He] did a great job on executing the fine details like the hand railings and the floor lights and the MR-16 covers. When you're doing something for TV, all of those pieces are foreground pieces. The mirrors on the platforms and the floor painting made the show look better on TV."

Paragraph 28: Inhabited since the Palaeolithic era, the territory of Metropolitan France was settled by Celtic tribes known as Gauls during the Iron Age. Rome annexed the area in 51 BC, leading to a distinct Gallo-Roman culture that laid the foundation of the French language. The Germanic Franks formed the Kingdom of Francia, which became the heartland of the Carolingian Empire. The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned the empire, with West Francia becoming the Kingdom of France in 987. In the High Middle Ages, France was a powerful but highly decentralised feudal kingdom. Philip II successfully strengthened royal power and defeated his rivals to double the size of the crown lands; by the end of his reign, France had emerged as the most powerful state in Europe. From the mid-14th to the mid-15th century, France was plunged into a series of dynastic conflicts involving England, collectively known as the Hundred Years' War, and a distinct French identity emerged as a result. The French Renaissance saw art and culture flourish, conflict with the House of Habsburg, and the establishment of a global colonial empire, which by the 20th century would become the second-largest in the world. The second half of the 16th century was dominated by religious civil wars between Catholics and Huguenots that severely weakened the country. France again emerged as Europe's dominant power in the 17th century under Louis XIV following the Thirty Years' War. Inadequate economic policies, inequitable taxes and frequent wars (notably a defeat in the Seven Years' War and costly involvement in the American War of Independence) left the kingdom in a precarious economic situation by the end of the 18th century. This precipitated the French Revolution of 1789, which overthrew the  and produced the Declaration of the Rights of Man, which expresses the nation's ideals to this day.

Paragraph 29: The single reached the top three of the Billboard Hot 100 in an unusually fast six weeks, and in its eighth week, the chart dated 5 October 1974, it spent the first of its two weeks at number one. Soon after it was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America, having sold one million copies. It also reached number one (three weeks) on the Adult Contemporary chart and no. 6 on the Country chart. The song's success also helped propel its parent album, If You Love Me, Let Me Know, to number one, on the chart dated 12 October 1974. By contrast, the single failed to reach the top 20 in the United Kingdom (no. 22), although it did chart there in 1983 when it was re-released to promote a Newton-John greatest hits album.

Paragraph 30: NEM operations began on 13 December 1998 and currently covers Queensland, New South Wales, Australian Capital Territory, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia. Western Australia and the Northern Territory are not connected to the NEM. The NEM comprises five regions, with the ACT being in the NSW region. Tasmania joined the NEM in May 2005 and became fully operational on 29 April 2006 when the Basslink interconnector was fully activated. The Snowy region was abolished as a region on 1 July 2008 and the components split between New South Wales and Victoria. The Northern Territory has adopted parts of the National Electricity Law, with the Australian Energy Market Commission becoming the rule maker for the Territory for parts of the National Electricity Rules from 1 July 2016. Western Australia is also considering adopting parts of the NER.