Paragraph 1: In July 2019, King and Firkin were arrested at gunpoint for flying a drone near military installations "without a license" in Tehran province, according to a Persian broadcaster Manato TV on Twitter. It was stated by the couple that they wanted to use the drone to capture footage up high for their travelling blogs. The couple were charged with espionage, a capital offense in Iran. The couple were denied access to lawyers or to Australian consular officers. Further mentioned by King, both her and Firin had been sent to the judge along with their interrogators acting as their translators due to during that time, they hadn't gotten access to a lawyer yet. The judge concluded with a statement that the charges for espionage - which was worth 10 years of sentence to a maximum penalty of death - had been dropped, but the couple were still being charged with taking pictures of an atomic site, which sent them in between to 6 months to 3 years in jail. On 12th September 2019, Australian foreign affairs minister, Senator Marise Payne, began negotiations for their release during a meeting with the Iranian government, Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif (2013-2021) in Bangladesh. With King being a dual Australian British citizen, the UK government; British Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab, with the Australians', demanded the couple's release. In addition, involving the UK as they were in similar boats with Australia with not being their first time having their citizen had been detained overseas. A British woman by the name of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who was detained in Iran from 3rd April, 2018 and had gone through multiple charges from plotting against the Iranian government to propaganda activities, until she was finally released on 16th March, 2022. Knowing the situation, Payne stated that negotiations for their release had taken major consideration in securing their release to ensure they were treated appropriately while detained. Due to King and Firin were not the only foreigners that had been arrested, the government were also working to secure the release of another British Australian, who had been detained from September 18th to November 20th - Dr Kylie Moore-Gilbert, a Middle East expert at the University of Melbourne's Asia Institute, specialising in Arab Gulf states. She had originally been sentenced to 10 years in jail, until she was released as part of prisoner swap arrangement for three Iranian prisoners in Thailand, with two of whom had been convicted in connection with the 2012 Bangkok bomb plot. Raab had raised grim concerns that there may have been more unheard-of dual national citizens detained by Iran and their conditions while in custody or jail. The couple were held in Tehran’s Evin prison, the same area Moore-Gilbert was detained which is notorious for imprisoning political figures.

Paragraph 2: In 1973, Ladislas Wroblewski, who cofounded the Independent Republicans (RI) party with Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, offered de Sarnez a part-time role as secretary of the Young RI arm. At RI, she met Jean-Pierre Raffarin, who went on to become prime minister; Dominique Bussereau, who became president of the ; and eventual Minister of Justice Pascal Clément. She was involved in the Presidential campaign the next year, creating popular "Giscard à la barre" ("Giscard at the helm”) t-shirts. Giscard d'Estaing was elected and de Sarnez rose quickly through the ranks. Later de Sarnez grew disappointed by the rightward turn, especially the anti-abortion politics, that the new administration adopted, and wished Giscard d'Estaing had taken the opportunity to break from the right-wing UDR (predecessor to the Rally for the Republic, RPR) and form a majority government without them. Failure to do so, she later said, left the Giscardians "hostages" to the right. Simone Veil offered de Sarnez a slot on her list for the European elections in 1979 (when Veil became president of the European Parliament). De Sarnez, who had a ten-month-old daughter and a son on the way, declined at that time, later saying she was glad to have waited for a more compatible political partner. 

Paragraph 3: After taking part in the bombardment of Nauru Island 8 December 1943 Izard retired to Havannah Harbor, Efate. Here she trained and rehearsed for the fleet's next target—the Marshall Islands. Izard sortied from Funafuti Harbor, Ellice Island, 23 January 1944 with Rear Admiral Forrest Sherman's Carrier Task Group to provide air cover for the assault and capture of Kwajalein. At 04:40 29 January the carriers launched their first strikes toward Kwajalein. By that afternoon the fleet had delivered many devastating blows on the enemy. By 4 February Izard had entered Majuro Atoll, recently captured from the Japanese, and dropped anchor. Here she joined Admiral Raymond Spruance's Truk Striking Force and Admiral Marc Mitscher's Fast Carrier Task Force (TF 58/38) for strikes on Truk (17–18 February 1944). The first strike was launched at 06:42 17 February and after 2 days the carrier planes had destroyed auxiliary cruisers Aikoku Maru and Eiyosumi Maru; destroyer Fumizuki; submarine tenders Rio de Janeiro Maru and Heian Maru; aircraft ferry Fujikawa Maru, 6 tankers and 17 more marus; total tonnage about 200,000. Planes from Enterprise (CV-6) also sunk destroyers Oite and Agano. On the first day of the strikes while Admiral Mitscher's planes were at work, Admiral Spruance's group, including Izard, conducted a round-the-atoll search to catch escaping vessels. They sunk light cruiser Katori, destroyer Maikaze, and sub chaser SC-24. After 18 February Truk lost its usefulness as a fleet anchorage or advanced naval base for the Japanese. In addition, the 250 to 275 planes destroyed or damaged was a severe blow to the Japanese air force.

Paragraph 4: The setting takes place in the town square. There are noises of hammers and saws from the masons and carpenters working on the Belfry in the back, and to the side is a line of townspeople standing in line waiting for food at the City Hall.  Jean-Pierre enters with his sister, Jeanne. They discuss how Vaucelle has changed since Jean-Pierre left three months ago, particularly with the rise of townspeople without food. The siblings discuss the d’Avesnes children, Clarice, who Jean-Pierre is seeing, and Georges, who Jeanne is seeing. Clarice enters and Jean-Pierre says that he has yearned for her since the day he left, but Clarice says he is nothing but a ghost to her, and there was no suffering during their time apart so they should no longer see each other. Two masons and the Master builder discuss how tired they are and that they don't understand how they are supposed to finish construction on the Belfry with only being fed grass porridge. However, they feel that they must finish the construction on the Belfry for the Kings arrival next spring. Jacques Van der Welde enters, sees Clarice and asks her if she will ever love him. She states that she doesn't believe in love and that she refuses to become a wife of an alderman like her mother. Suddenly a scream is heard from the construction site. A mason fell from the scaffold due to malnutrition. Louis and Rosbourg enter and Jacques explains to his fellow aldermen what has just happened, to which Louis exclaims that these accidents are happening too often due to malnutrition. Rosbourg butts in and wonders if Vaucelle even needs a Belfry. Jacques responds that the workmen accept their suffering because they have the Belfry to look forward to in the future, and if they were to stop construction then they’d be force to live in the present. Louis doesn't want to make a decision spur of the moment, so he decides to hold a city council meeting in the near future. However, the three aldermen admit that they don't know how to fix the problem surrounding the lack of food. Jean-Pierre enters and Louis nominates him to be Food Controller of Vaucelles. Jean-Pierre refuses the position because he does not want to be responsible if townspeople die. Bagbearers come in to distribute food to the townspeople. One of the masons asks for bread, but the bagbearer says it's only meant for the needy. A fight breaks out because the masons feel that only people who work should be fed.

Paragraph 5: In 1950, MD 5 was rerouted to follow Branch Avenue to the Washington, D.C. border, replacing MD 637; MD 637 was designated onto Naylor Road between MD 5 and the Washington, D.C. border by 1966. In addition, the route was widened into a divided highway along the US 301 concurrency between the Charles-Prince George's county border and TB and along Branch Avenue between south of the Henson Creek and the Washington, D.C. border. MD 5 was upgraded from a bituminous to a paved road between St. Mary's City and Great Mills in 1953. The same year, the portion of route along the US 301 concurrency between Waldorf and the Charles-Prince George's county border was widened into a divided highway. MD 5 was relocated to a new alignment to the east between TB and north of Camp Springs in 1956, with a northward extension of MD 381 designated onto the former alignment. This section of MD 381, called Brandywine Road and Old Branch Avenue, was transferred to county maintenance in 1965. In 1959, MD 5 was paved between south of St. Inigoes and St. Mary's City. A year later, the remainder of the route south to Point Lookout was paved. In 1962, MD 5 was widened into a divided highway between south of Newmarket and the St. Mary's-Charles county border and between MD 223 in Clinton and Camp Springs. An interchange was built at the northern terminus of the US 301 concurrency in 1963. The route was upgraded to a divided highway in the Beantown area in 1964. In 1965, MD 5 was improved to a divided highway between MD 235 and south of Newmarket. The divided highway was extended south from Beantown to the MD 488 intersection in 1966. In 1967, the route was widened into a divided highway between the St. Mary's-Charles county border and MD 488 with the exception of the portion through Hughesville. MD 5 was upgraded to a divided highway between US 301 and MD 223 in 1969. An interchange was constructed at MD 414 in 1970.

Paragraph 6: Despite the biggest opposition party - that headed the government from 2005 to 2021 - being socially conservative on the issues of LGBT rights (CDU/CSU), Germany has frequently been seen as one of the most gay-friendly countries in the world. Recent polls have indicated that a large majority of Germans support same-sex marriage. Another poll, conducted by the Pew Research Center, in 2013 indicated that 87% of Germans believed that homosexuality should be accepted by society, which was the second highest score in the 39 countries polled, following Spain (88%). Berlin has been referred to by publications as one of the most gay-friendly cities in the world. Former Mayor of Berlin Klaus Wowereit is one of the most famous openly gay men in Germany, next to the former Mayor of Hamburg, Ole von Beust, the former Federal Minister of Health, Jens Spahn, the deceased former Minister for Foreign Affairs and Vice-Chancellor, Guido Westerwelle, the former Federal Ministry of the Environment, Barbara Hendricks, comedians Hape Kerkeling, and Hella von Sinnen, or political journalist Anne Will. Founded in 1981, the Akademie Waldschlösschen, an adult education conference center near Göttingen, has developed into a national networking hub for LGBTI teachers, lawyers, clergy, gay fathers and gay and lesbian student groups at German universities. Other famous gay rights activists include Rosa von Praunheim, whose film It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse, But the Society in Which He Lives (1971) triggered the modern gay liberation movement in Germany.

Paragraph 7: Overseen by the Grand Jarl, theoretically elected by the Folkmoot but in practice restricted to the Ericssons, descended (or at least claiming descent) from Eric the Red. The Vinlanders rejected Christianity, fiercely clinging to the Norse Religion. With the help of renegade Norwegian and Danish priests, that religion was made to emulate Christianity in many ways - gaining a codified theology centered on the Trinity of Odin, Frey and Thor, written Scriptures and a hierarchical priesthood. In that form, the Norse Religion re-established itself in much of Europe. With Vinland undergoing a rapid Industrial Revolution in the 16th Century (36th Century after the Creation of Valhalla by the Vinlandish Calendar) Vinland eventually became the unquestioned dominant world power, its religion widespread also in Asia and Africa. In 1785 (3751 AV) the scientist Hrodgar  Wulffensson discovered a means of accessing other alternate timelines, and soon Vinland embarked on systematically invading and annexing them. In 1862 Vinland launched a surprise attack on the United States, embroiled in the American Civil War. Among the invaders was Ragnar Thorvaldssen The Nine-Fingered, a capable Vinlandish middle-ranking officer descended from a distaff branch of the Ericsson Family, long in disfavor at the Jarl's court, who thus had little hope of promotion. Armed with tanks, fighter planes, energy weapons and nuclear arms, it took the invaders less than two months to overcome both the Union and Confederate armies and seize control of the entire US territory. Grown complacent and contemptuous of the "primitive locals", the victorious Vinlanders held a celebration at their headquarters - former headquarters of the Army of Northern Virginia - with  sentries tacitly allowed to imbibe considerable quantities of captured American whiskey. The fugitive Robert E. Lee seized the chance, launching a surprise night attack with the remnant of his forces, plus quite a few Union soldiers willing to accept his leadership in face of this calamity. Lee and his troops seized several of the Vinlanders' laser cannon, forced captives to explain their (quite simple) operation, and turned them on the Victory Celebration Pavilion - in one blow destroying the entire upper echelon of the Vinlandish invading force. It was Ragnar Thorvaldssen - one of the few Vinlandish officers to remain completely sober - who rallied the disorganized invading forces, brought their superior arms into play and defeated Lee and his troops. Interviewing the captured Lee, Thorvaldssen highly complimented him on his valor and initiative and then ordered him executed forthwith - as Lee had manifestly proven himself too dangerous to be allowed to live. With his authority accepted unquestionably by the invading force - but knowing that it would never be confirmed by the authorities back home - Thorvaldssen moved swiftly to establish a local power base. He got himself elected President of the United States - in a process falling short of free elections - and amended the US Constitution to allow two Vice Presidents, these positions being awarded to Abraham Lincoln and Jefferson Davis. The cream of the invading Vinlandish soldiers and officers were transferred to a recreated United States Army and set to instruct American recruits, from both North and South, in Vinlandish arms, tactics and strategy. High on Thorvaldssen's agenda was the issue of slavery, so disturbing to the people of his new country. Like Vinlanders in general, Thorvaldssen saw nothing wrong in slavery as such but thought it was unjust and outright ridiculous that only black-skinned people be slaves.  He solved the problem - at least to his own satisfaction - by freeing half of the black slaves and enslaving an equal number of whites, randomly chosen, to take their place. Himself a strong adherent of the god Thor and contemptuous of Christianity (of which only sorry vestiges remained in the world of his birth), President Thorvaldssen reluctantly decided that for the time being it would be impolitic to embark on any large-scale Norse missionary activity. Rather, priority was given to his next big project - conquest of the British Empire.

Paragraph 8: In the Autobot Campaign, Optimus Prime provides intelligence and missions to Bumblebee in his search for the Allspark. Eventually, the clues lead the Autobot to Sam Witwicky. After saving Sam from Barricade, Bumblebee finally completes preparations for the Autobots to arrive on Earth. Once on Earth and having informed the two teenagers of their mission, Prime and the Autobots are discovered by Sector 7. Optimus sends Jazz on a high-speed destruction distraction mission, then sends Ironhide to rescue Jazz from a double-threat posed by the government agents and various Decepticon scouts. When Bumblebee is captured, Prime transforms and chases the chopper which from which the small Autobot is tied. After a lengthy chase, Prime manages to catch the net, only to be thrown off by another Cybertronian meteor. As Bumblebee is carried away, Optimus promises he will not fail him again. Jazz informs him that the meteor is not an Autobot. Prime confronts the new threat, who turns out to be the Decepticon Triple Changer Shockwave. The two battle it out across Tranquility before Optimus finally destroys him. During the battle, Optimus overhears Starscream's transmission revealing the location of the Allspark. Optimus then returns to an intel role as he guides Bumblebee in his mission to retrieve the Allspark from Hoover Dam. Unfortunately, the Decepticons manage to free Megatron, leading to the final battle in Mission City. As the Autobots battle it out with the Decepticons to protect Sam and the Allspark, things seem to take a turn for the worse as Megatron finally arrives. Before he can claim the Allspark, Optimus attacks him. Optimus defeats Megatron and leaves him on the ground, seemingly devoid of life. However, just as Sam is giving the Allspark to Optimus, Megatron awakens, leaping at Optimus with his chain-flail out, making one last attempt at defeating his adversary. Optimus grabs the chain, pulling Megatron in closer, and, with the Allspark clutched in his fist, delivers a punch through Megatron's spark, killing him. Optimus reflects on the losses and rewards of this battle, as the Autobots have a new home, but many were killed in the battle. The story ends with Optimus and the Autobots choosing to remain on Earth, proclaiming it as their new home.

Paragraph 9: The type designation used to specify Units is made up of a unit letter(s) indicator (from the table below), followed by a dash, a unit number, followed by a slash, and 1-3 letters specifying the equipment it is part of or used with (see Table 1). As with Group type designations, if the Unit is unique and is "part of" or "used with" only one particular equipment, that equipment may be specified. If the unit is used with multiple different items, the equipment designation should include only the indicators which are common or appropriate. If a unit could be described by multiple indicators, the indicator which best describes the unit's primary function should be used. The exception would be if there exists a unit indicator which can describe the unit's multiple functions (see examples below); if such a multi-function describing unit indicator exists, then it should be used.

Paragraph 10: The First Apocalypse of James is a Gnostic apocalyptic writing. Its initially rediscovery was a Coptic translation as the third tractate of Codex V in the Nag Hammadi library. Additional copies were later found in Coptic as part of the Codex Tchacos and in Greek among the Oxyrhynchus Papyri. The text uses Valentinian theologoumena, leading to the belief that the original document was written in c. 200 AD. The content of the text is a dialogue between Jesus and James the Just. The text takes a docetic view of Jesus via his statements "you are not my brother materially" and "never have I suffered in any way, nor have I been distressed." The text prepares James for his death as a martyr by emphasizing spiritual redemption over material existence.

Paragraph 11: Shark put to sea from New York on 26 February and joined Commodore James Biddle's squadron for the suppression of piracy and slave trading in the West Indies. On 25 March, Lt. Perry took formal possession of what is now Key West, Florida, in the name of the United States. He called the island Thompson's Island to honor Secretary of the Navy Smith Thompson and named the harbor Port Rodgers to compliment Commodore John Rodgers. Under orders from Commodore Biddle, Shark departed Nassau on 14 August for another cruise to the coast of Africa and returned to Norfolk, Virginia on 12 December 1822. She again sailed for the West Indies in February 1823, and returned to New York on 9 July for repairs. On 5 October, she sailed from New York carrying Commodore John Rodgers and three Navy surgeons to Thompson's Island to determine the fitness of that place as a naval base. She debarked Rodgers and his party at Norfolk on 16 November 1823 before resuming her cruise in the West Indies. She returned to New York on 13 May 1824.

Paragraph 12: Schnaufer claimed his first aerial victory on their thirteenth combat mission flown one day after the attack on Cologne on the night 1/2 June 1942. Nominally this was the RAF's second 1,000 bomber raid against Germany, although the attacking force actually numbered 956 aircraft. Schnaufer shot down a Handley Page Halifax south of Louvain in Belgium. The aircraft probably was Halifax W1064 from No. 76 Squadron piloted by Sergeant Thomas Robert Augustus West, which was shot down at 01:55 on 2 June 1942 and crashed at Grez-Doiceau,  south of Louvain. West and another member of the crew were killed. This victory was achieved by ground-controlled interception through the Kammhuber Line. Once near to the target, Rumpelhardt had visually found the bomber and directed Schnaufer into attack position from below and astern. The Halifax caught on fire after two firing passes. During this mission the Himmelbett flight officer vectored them to a second bomber, a Bristol Blenheim. The attack had to be aborted after Hauptmann (Captain) Walter Ehle shot down the bomber from a more favourable attack position. Shortly before 03:00, they were then flying in the vicinity of Ghent, they spotted another target. Schnaufer made two unsuccessful attacks. During their third attack, which closed the distance to , they were hit by the defensive gunfire. Schnaufer was hit in his left calf, the port engine was burning, the rudder control cables were severed, and an electrical short circuit caused the landing lights to be permanently on. Rumpelhardt and Schnaufer considered bailing out but decided to make an attempt for their home airfield after they managed to put out the flames and restart the engine. While Rumpelhardt made radio contact with the Sint-Truiden airbase, Schnaufer landed the aircraft without rudder control and on ailerons and engine-power alone. This was the only time that their aircraft sustained damage in combat or any member of the crew was wounded. Both Rumpelhardt and Schnaufer were awarded the Iron Cross 2nd Class () for their first aerial victory. Schnaufer had hoped that he could stay on active duty and that the bullet lodged in his calf would isolate itself. However, he had to be admitted to a hospital in Brussels from 8–25 June for surgery. Rumpelhardt was given home leave until 26 June while Schnaufer was in the hospital.

Paragraph 13: Arthur Edward Robert Gilligan (23 December 1894 – 5 September 1976) was an English first-class cricketer who captained the England cricket team nine times in 1924 and 1925, winning four Test matches, losing four and drawing one. In first-class cricket, he played as an amateur, mainly for Cambridge University and Sussex, and captained the latter team between 1922 and 1929. A fast bowler and hard-hitting lower order batsman, Gilligan completed the double in 1923 and was one of Wisden's Cricketers of the Year for 1924. When his playing career ended, he held several important positions in cricket, including that of England selector and president of the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). A popular figure within cricket, he was widely regarded as sporting and friendly. During his playing days, Gilligan was a member of the British Fascists. He came to the notice of the Australian secret service during the 1924–25 MCC tour, and it is possible he helped to establish small fascist groups in Australia. It is unknown how long he remained a member, but the organisation practically ceased to exist by 1926.

Paragraph 14: Upward was born on 9 September 1903 in Romford, Essex, where his father had a doctor's surgery. His parents were Harold Arthur Upward (1874–1958), who came from a middle-class family on the Isle of Wight, and Louisa "Isa" Upward (née Jones; 1869–1951), who had trained as a nurse and tried acting. His mother, who had grown up in Wanstead but was of Welsh descent, came from a lower-middle-class background but was very class conscious, a trait Upward strongly disliked. His siblings were John Mervyn Upward (1905–1999); Laurence Vaughan Upward (1909–1970), who had schizophrenia; and Yolande Isa Upward (1911–2004). Another brother, Harold, was born in 1907 and died in infancy that same year. His first cousin once removed was the poet and novelist Allen Upward, who committed suicide in 1926.

Paragraph 15: Adriane Carr (born 1952) is a Canadian academic, activist and politician with the Green Party in British Columbia and Canada. She is also a councillor on Vancouver City Council. She was a founding member and the Green Party of British Columbia's first spokesperson (leader) from 1983 to 1985. In 1993 the Party formally established the position of "Leader". In 2000, she became the party's leader again. In the 2005 provincial election, she received in excess of 25% of the vote in her home riding of Powell River-Sunshine Coast. She resigned her position in September 2006 when she was appointed by Federal Green Party Leader, Elizabeth May, to be one of her two Deputy Leaders of the Green Party of Canada. Earlier in 2006, Carr had co-chaired the successful campaign to get her political ally and long-time friend Elizabeth May elected as Leader. 

Paragraph 16: The comedy team of Olsen and Johnson, whose Broadway revues were fast-paced collections of songs and blackouts, hired Joe Besser to join their company. Besser's noisy intrusions fit the Olsen & Johnson style perfectly, and Besser's work caught the attention of the Shubert brothers, who signed Besser to a theatrical contract. Columbia Pictures hired Besser away from the Shuberts, and Besser relocated to Hollywood in 1944, where he brought his comic character to feature-length musical comedies like Hey, Rookie and Eadie Was a Lady (1945). On May 9, 1946, Besser appeared on the pioneering NBC television program Hour Glass, performing his "Army Drill" routine with stage partner Jimmy Little. According to an article in the May 27, 1946, issue of Life magazine, the show was seen by about 20,000 people on about 3,500 television sets, mostly in the New York City area. During this period, he appeared on the Jack Benny radio program in the episode entitled "Jack Prepares For Carnegie Hall" in June, 1943. Besser also starred in short-subject comedies for Columbia from 1949 to 1956. By this point, his persona was sufficiently well known that he was frequently caricatured in Looney Tunes animated shorts of the era. He appeared in the action film The Desert Hawk (1950).

Paragraph 17: After Bulgaria had entered the war against Serbia (already in a siege under Germany's and Austria-Hungary's combined attack), in September 1915,  Venizelos achieved a vote on October 4 in the parliament for a call to conscription, honoring the alliance treaty between Greece and Serbia. The next day he was implicated in the invasion of Allied forces in Thessaloniki which would establish the Macedonian front to help Serbia, but the King refused to sign the conscription, accused him of treason for the invasion in Salonika, and forced him to resign for a 2nd time within that year (1915). 8 months later, On May and June 1916 the palace counterweighted the grip of the Entente in Salonika with the unconditional surrender of a strong military fort along with half of the eastern part of Macedonia to the German-Bulgarian forces – the disagreements of the two men had now escalated towards a covert civil war.  In August 1916, followers of Venizelos set up the provisional government of "National Defence" which included northern Greece, Aegean Islands and Crete, and sided with Entente.  This act, which effectively split Greece into two entities, had the aim to reclaim the trust of Entente along with the lost regions of Macedonia, and to regain control on northern Greece, gradually lost after the growing Army of the Orient had landed, one year earlier.  After intense diplomatic negotiations, an armed confrontation in Athens between Allied and royalist forces with dozens of casualties, some due to lynching by a royalist paramilitary organization, and a subsequent five-month naval blockade upon the (southern part of the) Greek kingdom, King Constantine abdicated on 11 June 1917 (his eldest son George bypassed, for also being anti-Entente), and was succeeded by his second son Alexander as king.  Venizelos returned to Athens on 29 May 1917, and Greece, re-unified but under French armistice, officially joined the war on the side of the Allies.

Paragraph 18: On 4 November 2015, Benzema was arrested by French police for his alleged part in blackmailing fellow France international player Mathieu Valbuena over the alleged recording of a sex-tape on a mobile phone. During the investigation over the blackmail plot, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls stated, "A great athlete should be exemplary. If he is not, he has no place in the France team. There are so many kids, so many youngsters in our suburbs that relate to great athletes. They wear the blue jersey, the colours of France, which are so important in these moments." On 10 December 2015, the president of the FFF Noël Le Graët announced the provisional suspension of the striker from the French team until a new development in the affair. On 17 February 2016, the judicial review was lifted by the investigating judge who allowed Benzema to get in touch again with Valbuena. On 11 July 2017, the Court of Cassation issued a judgment in which it invalidated a decision of the Court of Appeal of Versailles, which had validated the procedure by which Benzema had been indicted for complicity of attempted blackmail. This decision was made on the basis of contesting the legality of the phone calls recording by the police, and the judgement did not disprove the veracity of the blackmail attempt on Valbuena by Benzema. On 7 January 2021, the public prosecutor's office in Versailles announced that Benzema would face trial for his alleged involvement in the blackmail attempt. On 24 November 2021, Benzema was found guilty of conspiring to blackmail Valbuena with a sex tape. The judge gave him a one-year suspended sentence and fined him €75,000. His lawyers said they will appeal his conviction. He will be definitively sentenced in this case in June 2022, after having abandoned the appeal procedure.

Paragraph 19: On July 1, 2008, Jack Ohle, was sworn in as president of Gustavus Adolphus College. Since that time feature articles in the two most prominent academic newspapers, The Chronicle of Higher Education and InsideHigherEd, have been critical of his performance as an administrator. The regional newspaper, The Mankato Free Press, has described the situation as a case of "leadership in crisis," lamenting that the president flippantly "shrugs off complaints." The local TV station, KEYC, devoted 5 minutes of coverage to the controversy during the evening news on May 28, 2009, explaining that "Faculty and students say behind the scenes, there is a quiet storm brewing." In the first ten months of Ohle's administration, many of the College’s highest-ranking administrators resigned, including the Provost, two Academic Deans and the Dean of Students. As an explanation, the Academic Deans were quoted as saying that they felt a "lack of presidential support" under Ohle. Reported concerns also included vague job descriptions, and responsibilities being changed without community notice or discussion. In response to these events the Faculty Senate petitioned the College’s Board of Trustees to review Ohle’s performance, as well as to review the circumstances of the Provost's resignation. The faculty formed a committee to review Ohle's performance, but the administration responded that the faculty had no authority to do so, and suggested that as a result any defamation claims against faculty might result in the college suing them. Indeed, when InsideHigherEd, ran an article on Ohle’s first 10 months at Gustavus on May 29, 2009 it asserted that faculty were "jittery about the president’s style and his plans." To illustrate the level of fear among employees, it explained that "Faculty who speak critically of their presidents can expect some tension, but they seldom take out liability insurance before doing so. At Gustavus Adolphus College, however, that’s exactly what some professors have done." Despite the faculty unrest during Ohle's tenure, the College has experienced many positives during his six years as President. The College opened the $30 million, 125,000 square foot Beck Academic Hall in 2011. The building houses the academic departments of Communication Studies, Economics and Management, History, Psychological Science, and Sociology and Anthropology. The College also established a new Center for Servant Leadership engaging students, faculty, and staff in helping develop vocation-centered learning opportunities, though the Director of Vocation and Integrative Learning was fired along with 35 other employees due to budget shortfalls. The College brought in its largest incoming class in the College's history in 2011, though due directly to the public controversy of the President new student admission dropped sharply leading to massive budget shortcomings. The College has established eight new endowed faculty positions during Ohle's tenure, while losing at least 35 other positions. As of May 15, 2014, the College had raised $125 million toward its $150 million goal for Campaign Gustavus, the largest capital campaign in the College's history. Ohle officially retired as President of Gustavus on June 30, 2014. He was replaced by Rebecca M. Bergman, the College's first female president in its 152-year history.

Paragraph 20: Albert Claude (; 24 August 1899 – 22 May 1983) was a Belgian-American cell biologist and medical doctor who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974 with Christian de Duve and George Emil Palade. His elementary education started in a comprehensive primary school at Longlier, his birthplace. He served in the British Intelligence Service during the First World War, and got imprisoned in concentration camps twice. In recognition of his service, he was granted enrolment at the University of Liège in Belgium to study medicine without any formal education required for the course. He earned his Doctor of Medicine degree in 1928. Devoted to medical research, he initially joined German institutes in Berlin. In 1929 he found an opportunity to join the Rockefeller Institute in New York. At Rockefeller University he made his most groundbreaking achievements in cell biology. In 1930 he developed the technique of cell fractionation, by which he discovered the agent of the Rous sarcoma, components of cell organelles such as mitochondrion, chloroplast, endoplasmic reticulum, Golgi apparatus, ribosome and lysosome. He was the first to employ the electron microscope in the field of biology. In 1945 he published the first detailed structure of cell. His collective works established the complex functional and structural properties of cells.

Paragraph 21: Today the term GCI refers to the style of battle direction, but during WWII it also referred to the radars themselves. Specifically, the term was used to describe a new generation of radars that spun on their vertical axis in order to provide a complete 360 degree view of the sky around the station. Previous systems, notably Chain Home (CH), could only be directed along angles in front of the antennas, and were unable to direct traffic once it passed behind their shore-side locations. GCI radars began to replace CH starting in 1941/42, allowing a single station to control the entire battle from early detection to directing the fighters to intercept.

Paragraph 22: Bâtons percés are made from a length of antler with a round hole made in one end, and often have abstract or animal designs etched into them (such as horses).  They have been found at Aurignacian and Magdalenian sites of the Upper Paleolithic in Europe, with examples dating from 23–12,000 years ago.  They have a joint at one end, often forming a T or Y shape, but always with a swelling of the antler at that end.  There is a circular hole drilled through the antler just below the swelling or joint, and often a smaller second hole nearby on the shaft.  Typical examples range from 6 to 8 inches (15 to 20 cm) in length. One unusual bone baton from le Souci, Lalinde has a row of eight holes of different sizes.

Paragraph 23: A Diceware word list is any list of  unique words, preferably ones the user will find easy to spell and to remember. The contents of the word list do not have to be protected or concealed in any way, as the security of a Diceware passphrase is in the number of words selected, and the number of words each selected word could be taken from. Lists have been compiled for several languages, including Basque, Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Esperanto, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Latin, Māori, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish and Turkish.

Paragraph 24: It has a snout rather acuminate, as long as the distance between the eye and the upper border of the ear-opening, 1.3 the diameter of the orbit; forehead concave; interorbital space very narrow; upper eyelid strongly fringed; ear-opening large, obliquely crescentic, the concavity being directed forwards and upwards, its diameter equalling three fourths that of the eye. Body and limbs moderate. Digits free, moderately dilated, inner well developed; infradigital lamellae obliquely curved; 10 lamellae under the thumb, 10 under the third finger, 9 under the inner toe, and 12 under the third toe. Snout covered with large convex granular scales, largest between the eye and the nostril; hinder part of head with minute granules, and scattered ones of a larger size. Rostral four times as broad as deep (having fused with the anterior labial on each side); nostril above the rostral, between the latter and three nasals; 10 or 11 upper and 9 lower labials; mental large, triangular, twice as long as the adjacent labial, its point between two large chin-shields which are in contact behind it; a small chin-shield on each side of the large pair. Upper surface of body covered -with small irregular flat grannies and moderately large, trihedral, strongly keeled tubercles arranged in 14 or 16 rather irregular longitudinal series; the largest tubercles measure about one fourth the diameter of the eye. Abdominal scales small, smooth, rounded, imbricate. Male with a shore angular series of 8 preanal pores. Tail cylindrical, tapering, covered above with small, irregular, imbricate smooth scales and scattered pointed tubercles forming four or six longitudinal series, beneath with a series of transversely dilated plates. Pale yellowish brown, with six faint brownish transverse narrow dorsal bands, the tubercles in these areas being almost black; a dark brown streak from the nostrils through the eye above the ear, with a whitish line above it; lips whitish.

Paragraph 25: Communication between the first population centers on the coast in Brazil was not easy, it was often more practical to go directly to Lisbon for all matters. Naturally, until the 17th century, Brazilian artistic works were often carried out in precarious conditions where improvisation and amateurism prevailed, and much without the knowledge of what was happening in other parts of the colony. This gave rise to idiosyncratic interpretations of the Baroque. Frequent contact with the metropolis, or Lisbon, however, enabled colonial art to have access to an uninterrupted source of new information; this did not prevent local variations and interpretations. And there were, certainly, many erudite masters in their fields. They became heads of schools, Portuguese at the beginning, and later, many Brazilians as well; the richest and most sophisticated examples of Baroque production are due to them. The religious figures active in Brazil came from different countries, and many of them literati, architects, painters and sculptors. They were, in general, well educated and talented, contributed decisively to the complex cultural situation in Brazil, and brought a variety of training. They were trained in countries such as Spain, Italy and France, in addition to Portugal itself, and served as disseminators of European artistic currents. Contact with Asia via maritime trading companies also left its mark; some Asian influence is found in paintings, lacquers, porcelain, and ivory figurines. At the beginning of the 18th century, with better internal communication and better working conditions, European theoretical treatises and practical manuals on art began to circulate in the studios of Brazil. Local artists avidly sought reproductions in engraving of European works, ancient and current. They presented artists in Brazil with a heterogeneous iconography to use as a formal model and adapt on a large scale in works across Brazil. The penetration of French influence can be observed from 1760 onwards in Brazil. It gave rise to another, more elegant, varied, and light movement, the so-called Rococo, which flourished most expressively in the churches of Minas Gerais. Even elements of already-obsolete styles such as Gothic and Renaissance were found in this environment of varying influences. It is as a result of these interwoven influences the original, eclectic, and sometimes contradictory Brazilian Baroque was born, which today can be seen across practically the entire coast of the country and in a large part of its interior. The Amazon region was the least affected, as it was the last to be populated. The south of Brazil, conquered from the mid-18th century onwards, also has relatively little Baroque heritage.

Paragraph 26: Trojani, at the engine control signals, fared better, as he was hurled into soft snow and rolled before immediately jumping to his feet and cleaning the snow off his glasses, which had survived the crash unscathed. Viglieri and Mariano, standing next to the chart table, briefly saw the rear engine car about to strike the ice hard and then found themselves prostrate, but unharmed, in a mass of debris. Biagi, with no time to send out an SOS, grabbed the portable emergency radio and wrapped his arms around it, trying to save it from damage. The impact on the ice had winded him, but he was still inside the wreck of the cabin when it came to rest. Nobile lay unconscious with a head wound, with Malmgren and Zappi nearby. Mariano, Běhounek, Trojani, and Viglieri were the first to rise to their feet, and they began to examine the others for injuries. Nobile gradually regained consciousness; he had a broken leg, right arm, and cracked rib, in addition to the wound on his head. Cecioni had two badly broken legs. Malmgren had an injured shoulder (possibly broken or dislocated) and was suspected, much later on, to have internal injuries to his kidney. Zappi had severe chest pains from suspected broken ribs.

Paragraph 27: If a specific word for resilience does not exist in a language, speakers of that language typically assign a similar word that insinuates resilience based on context. Many languages use words that translate to "elasticity" or "bounce", which are used in context to capture the meaning of resilience. For example, one of the main words for "resilience" in Chinese literally translates to "rebound", one of the main words for "resilience" in Greek translates to "bounce", and one of the main words for "resilience" in Russian translates to "elasticity," just as it does in German. However, this is not the case for all languages. For example, if a Spanish speaker wanted to say "resilience", their main two options translate to "resistance" and "defense against adversity". Many languages have words that translate better to "tenacity" or "grit" better than they do to "resilience". While these languages may not have a word that exactly translates to "resilience", note that English speakers often use tenacity or grit when referring to resilience. While one of the Greek words for "resilience" translates to "bounce", another option translates to "cheerfulness". Moreover, Arabic has a word solely for resilience, but also two other common expressions to relay the concept, which directly translate to "capacity on deflation" or "reactivity of the body", but are better translated as "impact strength" and "resilience of the body" respectively. On the other hand, a few languages, such as Finnish, have created words to express resilience in a way that cannot be translated back to English. In Finnish, the word "sisu" could most closely be translated to mean "grit" in English, but blends the concepts of resilience, tenacity, determination, perseverance, and courage into one word that has even become a facet of Finnish culture and earned its place as a name for a few Finnish brands.

Paragraph 28: Patten was replaced by Andrew Cooper in 1991, and another World Championship title was won in Vienna 1991. Around this time they were accused by former Norwegian coach Thor Nilsson of not being serious enough about their training. In lead-up races before the 1992 Olympics the crew's dominance was challenged by fours from the Netherlands and the USA but after a seat swap by Donaldson between Cooper and Green and the adoption of the new short "cleaver" blades they won gold at Barcelona 1992 and became household names crowned Moomba Monarchs (popularly called Kings of Moomba)  and appearing in television advertisements for the Australian canned fruit brand Goulburn Valley.

Paragraph 29:  Pd Thumb-cat polydactyly gene. The Pd gene (dominant with incomplete penetrance) causes the benign, pre-axial form of polydactyly where one or more extra toes occur near the dew claw. Often, the dew claw is converted into a thumb. There are occasional problems, such as fused claws or claws facing in the wrong direction, but, generally, this form of polydactyly is harmless. On the other hand, the "hamburger-feet" polydactyly gene is associated with the gene for radial hypoplasia (RH). The European Convention for the Protection of Pet Animals discourages deliberate breeding of these cats for two reasons, first that it falls under hypertyping (intentional breeding of extreme characteristics), and secondly that the position of the legs are abnormal. In a scandal in the late 1990s, an experimental breeder in Texas tried to perpetuate this deformity as the "Twisty Cat" breed. Mild RH can cause the post-axial form of polydactyly – enlarged paws, extra three-jointed toes on the outer, little-toe side of the paws, and no thumb. X-rays can determine the structure of the extra toes and whether the cat has the gene for RH. Cats with the gene for RH should never be bred. Cats with severe RH have unusually short front legs. They move like a ferret and they tend to sit like a squirrel or kangaroo and are colloquially known as squittens. In some RH cats, the forelegs are twisted with the long bones either severely shortened or absent. All polydactyl cats are banned from German cat shows, possibly because of confusion with the impairing form of polydactyly associated with RH. Polydactyl cats are relatively common in southwest Britain, Norway, Sweden, and the eastern coast of the United States and Canada, and some parts of Asia. Sailors thought they were lucky. Various folktales and dubious assumptions about polydactyl cats include that they are superior rodent hunters, that they have better balance on ships in stormy weather, that their paws are natural snowshoes, and that the opposable thumbs (in the thumb-cat form of polydactyly) give them a survival advantage. Ernest Hemingway collected polydactyl cats, and the descendants of his pets may still be found at the Ernest Hemingway House in Key West.

Paragraph 30: 	In the late 1950s, another man important to the Arboretum began visiting.  His name was Levan Loveland, but preferred to be called Van.  He was a bank manager from NYC and an avid flower gardener.  He moved to the farm after his retirement, and he planted beautiful flower gardens near the farmhouse.   Under his guidance, the Arboretum became a corporation in 1966 and achieved IRS non-profit status in 1967.  As the men aged, it became harder to maintain the gardens and grounds.  Van died in 1977.  While some projects such as the library (1982) were completed, the general condition of the Arboretum declined. Fred died in 1985 while wintering in Mexico.  After Fred's death, improvements began under the direction of President Elizabeth Corning.  In 1987, Pamela Rowling was hired as horticulturist and director, continuing the Arboretum's goals of expansion, protection, and education. In the years 2000 to 2005, new lands were donated and purchased, increasing the acreage to 548.  With the assistance of our current director, Fred Breglia, and hundreds of dedicated volunteers, the Arboretum is realizing its full potential as a "tree museum," scenic park, and education center.