Paragraph 1: Usingen (Latin Osinga), which in Frankish times likely existed as a fortified stopping place at an old crossroads, was first mentioned in the Codex Eberhardi, a manuscript from the Fulda monastery, and it is generally accepted that references made to the town go back to between 754 and 802. Archaeological proof of a settlement on the modern town's site back in Carolingian times has yet to be unearthed, although, not far from town, the remains of a Carolingian courtyard were once dug up. The possibility therefore exists that today's Usingen might not lie on the same spot as it once did, having relocated at some time in the past. More investigation will be needed before this is ascertained.

Paragraph 2: Pinkerton Academy is a secondary school in Derry, New Hampshire, United States. It serves roughly 3,269 students, making it by far the largest high school in New Hampshire, more than 1,300 students greater than the next largest high school. Pinkerton's situation is unusual, as it is a privately-incorporated school that serves as the public high school (grades 9–12) for the communities of Derry, Hampstead, Chester, Auburn, Candia, and Hooksett. Through arrangements with the towns, each town pays the tuition for their students to attend Pinkerton. Pinkerton Academy is a private, non-profit corporation administered by a headmaster who acts under the direction of an elected board of trustees.

Paragraph 3: Construction of a car export terminal with a capacity of handling 400,000 cars annually at the port has been completed, which Japanese car-maker Nissan Motors will use to export  cars per year once fully executed, though exports are expected to commence from 28 January 2011. Construction of the terminal has cost  1,200 million and the facilities will include a berth, a 12-m draft after dredging of the basin and a parking yard of 175,000 sq.m. A coal terminal and iron ore terminal are also being developed at a total investment of  8,800 million. The coal terminal, constructed at a cost of  4,000 million with a capacity to handle 8 million tonnes of coal, is expected to commence on 28 January 2011. The iron ore terminal was constructed at a cost of  4,800 million with a capacity to handle 12 million tonnes annually and was opened in January 2011 but is yet to start commercial operations. However, since the Supreme Court put a blanket ban in July 2011 on mining in the mineral-rich Bellary-Hospet belt in Karnataka, on which the terminal is totally dependent on, to check environmental damage arising from rampant illegal mining, Sical Logistics is seeking to handle diversified cargo. The container terminal will be built at a cost of  14,070 million (US$312 million) with an annual capacity of 1.5 million TEU. Work on the new Ennore Container Terminal is scheduled to take 33 months and it is expected to be operational by the end of 2013. The concession will be awarded on a build, operate and transfer (BOT) basis for a period of 30 years. The terminal will have a quay length of 1,000 m and an estimated throughput of 1.5 million TEUs annually. The terminal will provide 15-m water depth at the berths and will be able to handle three container vessels of up to 8,000 TEUs simultaneously.

Paragraph 4:  Jonathan Majors as Kang the Conqueror:A "time-traveling, multiversal adversary" trapped in the Quantum Realm who needs Pym Particles to get his ship and a device online that would allow him to go anywhere and when in time. Kang is an alternate-timeline variant of the character He Who Remains, the creator of the Time Variance Authority (TVA), who was introduced in the finale of first season of Loki (2021). Kang was described by Loki season one head writer Michael Waldron as the "next big cross-movie villain" for the MCU, while Quantumania writer Jeff Loveness described Kang as a "top-tier, A-list Avengers villain". Majors said Kang is different from He Who Remains, who is not in Quantumania, with a shifted psychology, portraying Kang differently from He Who Remains due to the different characters surrounding him and transitioning from a series to a film. He was attracted to Kang's "character and dimensions" and the potential that presented to him as an actor, noting Kang would be a different type of villain to the MCU than Erik Killmonger and Thanos were, as well as the possibility of playing a complex villain about whom everyone has to be careful, akin to Iago in William Shakespeare's tragedy Othello. Loveness wanted to focus on Kang as a human being by exploring his humanity and vulnerability as a "very lonely" character before he reaches "apocalyptic, Avengers-scale heights". He contrasted this to Thanos by not creating him entirely from computer-generated imagery, and said Kang would be "Thanos on an exponential level". He also said that because the concept of time travel had already been explored in Endgame, he had to broaden his approach to Kang to focus more on the multiverse, his dimensionality, and his "limitless freedom" from his time, and how different versions of the character would destroy it and make it their own. Loveness researched the different versions of Kang from the comics such as Rama-Tut and the Scarlet Centurion and described him as an "infinite snake eating infinite tails" in being "a man literally at war against himself". Director Peyton Reed likened the character to Alexander the Great as a reference point for Majors, who also found inspiration in Genghis Khan and Julius Caesar. Majors said that Kang would be the "supervillain of supervillains" and looked to contrast Tony Stark / Iron Man, who he called the "superhero of superheroes". Majors added  of muscle for the role, focusing on strength and conditioning training. Reed said Quantumania would show a "different flavor" of Majors' approach to Kang's alternate versions and explained that Kang "has dominion over time", calling him a warrior, strategist, and "all-timer antagonist" compared to the antagonists of the prior Ant-Man films as a "force of nature", one that adds "tonal diversity, real conflict and real friction". Given his work with time, Kang does not live a linear life.

Paragraph 5: The end of the rebellion might be said to have begun on 5 February 1554 with the deciphering of an intercepted letter from Noailles to the king of France. It identified the purpose of the rebellion as the dethroning of Mary in favour of Elizabeth. There was nothing in it to indicate any complicity on the part of Elizabeth, but it did include Courtenay’s role, which hadn’t been included in his “confession” at his earlier arrest which put the blame on everyone except himself. Two days later, a proclamation was issued that forbid the sheltering of any insurgent under pain of death. Hundreds of fugitives were given up; so many that prisons could not hold them all and churches were used to house them while they waited for what they assumed would be their deaths by hanging, the punishment for treason. A general execution of the common prisoners began on 12 February 1554 with gallows that had been erected all over London. For weeks, prisoners were tried on a daily basis with the punishment for treason being death by hanging, often with the body then beheaded, quartered or both, and displayed. But out of some 3,000 captured insurgents, only about 150 were executed with the rest only receiving a few days in prison. Those kept in prison longer were ultimately freed on 20 January 1555 at the request of Philip. Unfortunately, Lady Jane Gray and her husband Lord Guildford Dudley were also executed, even though they had no part in the rebellion. In addition to handing out punishments, Mary rewarded her key supporters with large pensions. Charles was reluctant to give these because of the amounts, but many of the recipients were old and the pensions to them would not be paid for long and he agreed to them. 

Paragraph 6: Constantini continued skipping the Italian women's team into the 2021–22 season. At the 2021 European Curling Championships in Lillehammer, Norway, she led her team to a 4–5 round robin record. This placed them sixth in the group, which was good enough to earn Italy a spot in the 2022 World Women's Curling Championship. In the sixth round robin draw, the team defeated Scotland's Eve Muirhead 8–7, being the only team to defeat the Scottish side as they went on to win the gold medal in the playoff round. In December 2021, the team traveled to Leeuwarden, Netherlands to compete in the 2021 Olympic Qualification Event, hoping to secure Italy a spot in the women's event at the Beijing Olympics. After eight draws, the Italian team sat in fourth place in the standings with a 4–3 record. They faced Muirhead's British side in their final round robin draw, with the chance to secure the fourth playoff spot. The team, however, would lose 8–1 to Team Muirhead, meaning Latvia earned the last playoff spot instead of them. Constantini still got to compete in the Olympics, however, in the mixed doubles discipline with Amos Mosaner because of their strong finish at the 2021 World Championship. The team entered the mixed doubles tournament as underdogs but rose to international fame with their strong play and team dynamics. Against a stacked field, the Italian pair finished the round robin with a perfectly unblemished 9–0 record, three games ahead of the second place Norway who were 6–3. This earned them a spot in the playoff round, where they easily defeated Sweden's Almida de Val and Oskar Eriksson to advance to the gold medal game. In the final, Constantini and Mosaner took on Norway's pair of Kristin Skaslien and Magnus Nedregotten, who were the team that knocked them out of the 2021 World Championship. The Italian team gave up a steal of two in the first end but quickly found their footing with six points in the next three ends. Leading 7–5 in the eighth and final end, Constantini secured the gold medal for Italy with a double takeout to count a single point and win the game 8–5. It was Italy's first ever medal in curling at the Olympics, and first medal of any color won at an Olympic or World Championship event. Back with her women's team, Constantini led her rink to a 4–8 tenth-place finish at the World Women's Championship, defeating the Czech Republic, Norway, Scotland, and Turkey.

Paragraph 7: In  and , God remembered God's covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob to deliver the Israelites from Egyptian bondage. Similarly, God remembered Noah to deliver him from the flood in ; God promised to remember God's covenant not to destroy the Earth again by flood in ; God remembered Abraham to deliver Lot from the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah in ; God remembered Rachel to deliver her from childlessness in ; Moses called on God to remember God's covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob to deliver the Israelites from God's wrath after the incident of the Golden Calf in  and ; God promises to "remember" God's covenant with Jacob, Isaac, and Abraham to deliver the Israelites and the Land of Israel in ; the Israelites were to blow upon their trumpets to be remembered and delivered from their enemies in ; Samson called on God to deliver him from the Philistines in ; Hannah prayed for God to remember her and deliver her from childlessness in 1 Samuel  and God remembered Hannah's prayer to deliver her from childlessness in ; Hezekiah called on God to remember Hezekiah's faithfulness to deliver him from sickness in 2 Kings  and ; Jeremiah called on God to remember God's covenant with the Israelites to not condemn them in ; Jeremiah called on God to remember him and think of him, and avenge him of his persecutors in ; God promises to remember God's covenant with the Israelites and establish an everlasting covenant in ; God remembers the cry of the humble in Zion to avenge them in Psalm ; David called upon God to remember God's compassion and mercy in ; Asaph called on God to remember God's congregation to deliver them from their enemies in ; God remembered that the Israelites were only human in ; Ethan the Ezrahite called on God to remember how short Ethan's life was in ; God remembers that humans are but dust in ; God remembers God's covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in ; God remembers God's word to Abraham to deliver the Israelites to the Land of Israel in ; the Psalmist calls on God to remember him to favor God's people, to think of him at God's salvation, that he might behold the prosperity of God's people in ; God remembered God's covenant and repented according to God's mercy to deliver the Israelites in the wake of their rebellion and iniquity in ; the Psalmist calls on God to remember God's word to God's servant to give him hope in ; God remembered us in our low estate to deliver us from our adversaries in ; Job called on God to remember him to deliver him from God's wrath in ; Nehemiah prayed to God to remember God's promise to Moses to deliver the Israelites from exile in ; and Nehemiah prayed to God to remember him to deliver him for good in .

Paragraph 8: On 9 September 1845 at Lillington Level, Suffield Green, Oxford, an unruly and partly drunken crowd of 11,000 came to see the third and final fight between Thompson and Caunt who would settle the score for 200 a side.   Thompson's tactics were called into question as he crouched and bobbed his way around the ring, making it harder for Caunt to hit him. Hardly a round went by without a foul being claimed in a notoriously dirty grudge match. The atmosphere was all the more intense because of the fierce rivalry between the two sets of supporters, who had come to finish what they had started six years earlier. The fight lasted a lengthy 93 rounds, with Thompson tactically and methodically breaking his man down until, exhausted after two hours ten minutes, Caunt sat down with his back turned on his "nether end" without getting hit, losing on a foul. Thompson was criticised for putting his knee to the mat to end the round after receiving only a light blow, or possibly no blow, but the referee did not call him for a foul.  Thompson would be declared the winner on a foul despite Caunt's advantage in height, weight, and youth.  The fight was described by a contemporary writer as "one of the most scandalous brawls in boxing history. Both men used every foul under the sun and invented a good many others ... Thompson was tossed from the ring ... Caunt trying to crash him on the ring stakes to break his back. Thompson's [followers] attempted to bludgeon Caunt whenever within striking distance ... on one occasion missing by a hairs breadth, the blow landing on Caunt's brawny shoulder ..."  Bells Life wrote that Thompson's methods were opposed to the principles of a fair, stand-up fight, and were the actions of a coward.

Paragraph 9: During a camping trip, Nanoya announces her decision to confess to Yuzuru during the trip. However, during the trip, Ai struggles to hide her despair at being unable to show her feelings for Yuzuru and breaks down. Yuzuru finds her and tries to comfort her, but when she attempts to subconsciously kiss him, he sends her away and asks Nanoya to be his girlfriend. When Ai finds out, she is very sad but tries to hide this. Yuzuru returns home to celebrate Ai's 16th birthday but he invites Nanoya, who clings to Yuzuru and this ruins Ai's happiness at being able to celebrate with her brother. Ai begins to avoid Yuzuru, who decides to make up for this by taking her to Shibuya and spending the day with her, and gives her a heart-shaped hair ornament as a birthday gift. Ai is so touched by this that she kisses Yuzuru, who pushes her away and takes her home. The next day, Ai is met by Shuuji, who says he saw the kiss but promises to keep it a secret for her sake. At school, Yuzuru tells her they need to forget what happened but Ai finally breaks down and confesses she loves him. Yuzuru tries to rationalize with her but he also ends up confessing he loves her too, and they share an embrace. They begin a secret relationship although Ai feels unsecured about their parents finding out. To cheer her up, Yuzuru starts taking her out on dates after school and breaks up with Nanoya, who refuses to give up on him. Shuuji asks Yuzuru if he is dating Ai and when he confirms this, Shuuji condemns him for committing incest but he is silenced when Yuzuru's anger intimidates him and Shuuji vows to steal Ai from Yuzuru. During a summer trip to the beach, Nanoya witnesses Ai call him ‘Yuzuru’ rather than ‘Onii-chan’. At a festival, gives Ai a flower hair ornament. Ai reluctantly helps Nanoya watch the fireworks with Yuzuru, who switched places with Shuuji so he could be with Ai. They share a kiss during the fireworks show but when a silhouetted picture of them surfaces, Nanoya realizes Yuzuru and Ai are a couple. She avoids Ai after ending their friendship and gives the picture to their mother. Yuzuru and Ai deny its them in the picture and their mother seems to believe them but Ai quickly realizes she doesn't and warns Yuzuru. Ai tries to avoid Yuzuru to not draw suspicion and feels uncomfortable when Shuuji starts making romantic advances towards her. However, Shuuji tries to help them by introducing himself as Ai's boyfriend to her parents and he is the one kissing Ai in the picture. He then asks Ai to go on a date with him in return and she agrees. However, while going to meet him for the date, she sees Yuzuru and ditches Shuuji. Yuzuru and Ai go to Karuizawa and visit a church, where Yuzuru proposes to her and suggests they run away together, which she accepts. However, they learn their father has been killed in a plane crash while returning to America for work. Upon returning home, their mother lashes out at them and forbids them from seeing each other, to the point of keeping Ai confined to the apartment. Yuzuru learns of her plan to move away with Ai but Yuzuru decides not to intervene. Once she is allowed to return to school, Ai learns Nanoya was responsible for telling her mother and Nanoya vows to never forgive her. Ai also learns of her mother's intent to move away and rushes to Yuzuru. Although both want to be together, he acknowledges it is impossible. Ai compromises that she will end the relationship if she becomes his lover, and they have sex for the first time. Afterwards, they bid farewell and Ai gives back the heart-shape ornament.

Paragraph 10: Appian wrote that the envoys of the friendly faction were treated as guests in the city, whereas those of the hostile faction were lodged outside the city walls, as customary. Polybius specified that it was the Belli and Titti who had taken the side of Rome. Because of this their envoys were admitted into the city, while those of the Arevaci, as they were enemies, were ordered to encamp on the other side of the River Tiber. The Senate heard the friendly envoys first. They said that if the rebels were not punished properly they would soon take up arms again and make the whole of Hispania inclined to rebel. They asked either that the Roman army should remain in Hispania and that it should be commanded by a consul to check the depredations of the Arevaci or, if the troops were to be withdrawn, that Rome should inflict an exemplary punishment on them. According to Polybius, when the envoys of the Arevaci were heard, they came across as not being willing to submit or to accept defeat and gave the impression that they thought that they had fought more brilliantly than the Romans. They said that they would pay a penalty, should it be imposed on them, but demanded that the Romans revert to the terms of the treaty of Tiberius Gracchus. The officers of Marcus Claudius Marcellus were then heard. It seemed that they were inclined towards peace and the senate thought that the consul was more disposed towards the enemy than the allies. Appian wrote that the senate was not happy that these people had refused the terms put forward earlier by Nobilitor. However, when he described the campaign by Nobilitor he did not mention him making any terms with the Celtiberians. The senate replied that Marcellus would communicate its decision to them.

Paragraph 11: The first concerted Mongol invasion of Jin occurred in 1211 and total conquest was not accomplished until 1234. In 1232 the Mongols besieged the Jin capital of Kaifeng and deployed gunpowder weapons along with other more conventional siege techniques such as building stockades, watchtowers, trenches, guardhouses, and forcing Chinese captives to haul supplies and fill moats. Jin scholar Liu Qi (劉祈) recounts in his memoir, "the attack against the city walls grew increasingly intense, and bombs rained down as [the enemy] advanced." The Jin defenders also deployed gunpowder bombs as well as fire arrows (huo jian 火箭) launched using a type of early solid-propellant rocket. Of the bombs, Liu Qi writes, "From within the walls the defenders responded with a gunpowder bomb called the heaven-shaking-thunder bomb (震天雷). Whenever the [Mongol] troops encountered one, several men at a time would be turned into ashes." A more fact based and clear description of the bomb exists in the History of Jin: "The heaven-shaking-thunder bomb is an iron vessel filled with gunpowder. When lighted with fire and shot off, it goes off like a crash of thunder that can be heard for a hundred li [thirty miles], burning an expanse of land more than half a mu [所爇圍半畝之上, a mu is a sixth of an acre], and the fire can even penetrate iron armor." A Ming official named He Mengchuan would encounter an old cache of these bombs three centuries later in the Xi'an area: "When I went on official business to Shaanxi Province, I saw on top of Xi'an's city walls an old stockpile of iron bombs. They were called 'heaven-shaking-thunder' bombs, and they were like an enclosed rice bowl with a hole at the top, just big enough to put your finger in. The troops said they hadn't been used for a very long time." Furthermore, he wrote, "When the powder goes off, the bomb rips open, and the iron pieces fly in all directions. That is how it is able to kill people and horses from far away."

Paragraph 12: There were extensive discussions about the armament, the /25 caliber anti-aircraft (AA) gun being favored as being easy to work and train in a fast moving and lively type of ship. The other candidate was the 5-inch/51 caliber surface type, being very powerful but all but useless against aircraft.  It was a discussion made more interesting as the 5-inch/38 caliber dual purpose gun became available in the early 1930s and the Ordnance Department favored it rather strongly. The 5-inch/38 caliber gun was simply a 5-inch/25 caliber gun with the same projectiles and a longer barrel, but significantly increased range against both air and surface targets. The class was originally built with eight Mk 12 guns in four Mark 22 single purpose (surface action only) twin enclosed mounts; the single purpose mounts were adopted to save weight. Anti-aircraft protection was provided by two quadruple 1.1-inch (28 mm) mounts; in the 1930s this was considered sufficient. Although the Porters had the same eight  torpedo tubes as the Farraguts, a full set of reloads was carried. The class was initially equipped with the Mark 11 or Mark 12 torpedo, which were replaced by the Mark 15 beginning in 1938. The heavy armament proved top-heavy, and aircraft were becoming a greater threat, so during World War II on most of the class, mounts 51 and 54 were replaced with dual purpose (surface action and air action) twin mounts, and the original 1.1-inch guns were replaced with 40 mm Bofors and 20 mm Oerlikons.  In some ships, mount 52 was replaced by a quadruple 40 mm mount, and mount 53 became a single 5 in/38 cal dual purpose mount.  Additional 40 mm guns were added amidships along with 20 mm weapons. In most ships, four K-gun depth charge throwers were added to augment the as-built pair of depth charge racks. In some cases (DD-357, DD-359, DD-360) late in the war, the torpedo tubes, two K-guns, and one depth charge rack were landed, to accommodate additional light AA armament, for a total of sixteen 40 mm in three quadruple and two twin mounts and four 20 mm in two twin mounts.

Paragraph 13: Ironsword: Wizards & Warriors II is a platforming video game in which the player controls the renowned warrior Kuros as he explores the land of Sindarin to defeat the evil wizard Malkil. This time, Malkil has taken the form of the four "Elementals", based on the classical Greek elements – Earth, Wind, Fire, and Water – to stop Kuros in his quest. The objective is to assemble the legendary "IronSword" the only weapon that can defeat Malkil and defeat the evil wizard who lies at the peak of IceFire Mountain. In the game, players can move Kuros left or right, or make him crouch with the control pad; the buttons allow Kuros to jump, to use his sword or a magic spell to defeat enemies, to access the "Magic Spell Screen", or to pause the game. Kuros has a life meter that decreases every time he sustains damage from an enemy or a dangerous projectile, or if he falls for too long a distance. Along the way, players can collect chicken and brew to replenish Kuros's life meter. Kuros loses a life when his life meter runs out, and the game ends when he loses all his lives. However, players may continue and restart the game where they left off up to two times. The continue feature would normally be disabled after the player had completed the earth domain, but due to an in-game bug, the player actually loses the continue function immediately upon merely setting foot in the domain.

Paragraph 14: These identities have natural interpretations in terms of linear algebra. Recall that  counts r-dimensional subspaces , and let  be a projection with one-dimensional nullspace . The first identity comes from the bijection which takes  to the subspace ; in case , the space  is r-dimensional, and we must also keep track of the linear function  whose graph is ; but in case , the space  is (r−1)-dimensional, and we can reconstruct  without any extra information. The second identity has a similar interpretation, taking  to  for an (m−1)-dimensional space , again splitting into two cases.

Paragraph 15: Peoria and East Peoria, Illinois are separated by the Illinois River, a  long body of water that reaches up to a mile across in places along Peoria Lake.  The Illinois River is one of six rivers that are included in the Lower Illinois River Basin which  extends between Ottawa, Illinois and the Mississippi River at Grafton, Illinois. Three of the six rivers in the Lower Illinois River Basin (Spoon River, Illinois River, and Mackinaw River) are in central Illinois. Their combined length is . Of these waterways the Illinois is thought to be the only river large enough to support barge traffic.

Paragraph 16: Beauty salons have proven to be a recession-proof industry across the United States. Although sales had declined from 2008 highs due to the Great Recession, they remain robust with a long-term positive forecast. Despite the tendency for consumers to be more price-conscious during recessions, spending continued to increase. With rising per capita incomes across the United States since 2015, beauty salons boomed, generating $56.2 billion in the United States. Hair care was the largest segment, with 86,000 locations. Skincare was expected to generate $21.09 billion in revenue by 2023, growing annually by 3.91%. This growth was driven in part by increasing awareness of the importance of skin care among American women, but also specifically due to an increase in the market for men. In 2020, the market was distributed widely across America, with a concentration in the Northeast and Midwest. There was also a growing trend in boutique salons popping up and leveraging online marketing to gain customers and compete with the franchise chains. In 2014, the US Labor Department estimated employment in the United States increased 20% between 2008-2014, with the greatest employment growth from skincare specialists. Beauty salons employ cosmetologists specializing in general beautification techniques. Cosmetology licensing requirements vary from state to state and depend on which specific license type is desired: general cosmetologist, hair stylist, esthetician, manicurist, barber, electrologist, or other.

Paragraph 17: Northumbria, settled c. 902 and first ruled c. 918 by Manx king Ragnall ua Ímair of the Norse-Gaels in exile from Dublin and held intermittently by Eric I of Norway as King of Northumbria 947-948 and 952-954, after securing his lordship over the Jarls of Orkney, in the precedent set by his father Harald Fairhair, part of which is famously attested to by Egil's Saga, set partly in Eric's court at King's Square in Scandinavian York. Title Earl of Northumbria (effectively Earl of York) 1016-1023, granted by Cnut the Great, King of Norway, to Eiríkr Hákonarson, Governor of Norway and one of the Jarls of Lade. Last controlled by Harald Hardrada through his vassal Tostig Godwinson, Earl of Northumbria and forefather of Birkebeiner Inge II of Norway, until the Battle of Stamford Bridge in 1066. Eystein II raided Hartlepool and Whitby in the 1150s, but it's not known whether he invoked his claim to rule Northumbria as pretext. St Olave's Church, York was mausoleum for the Earl of Northumbria. Within the former realm of Northumbria is the general region where most Norwegian place names and surnames, including Thwaite (placename element), are extant in present day England. Norwegian settlement and rule in Northumbria is illustrated by David Woodroffe in The Penguin Atlas of Medieval History (1961) by Colin McEvedy and illustrated by Ralph Orme in The Penguin Historical Atlas of the Vikings (1995) by John Haywood (British historian).

Paragraph 18: Carl Skoglund (April 10, 1884 – December 11, 1960) was a Swedish-American socialist, affectionately called Skogie by all his American friends and comrades. He was born in Dalsland and went to the United States in 1911, sailing in steerage first on board the Swedish ship Oslo, sailing from Gothenburg to Hull, England; and thence on the White Star Line ship Cymric, sailing from Liverpool to Boston; his destination was Minneapolis. After spending some time in the Industrial Workers of the World he became one of the founders of the American Communist Party and later became a Trotskyist and one of the co-founders of the Socialist Workers Party.

Paragraph 19: He held that post from 2008 until his party, the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD,) lost the elections to the Patriotic Front in September 2011. A retired Lt General of the Zambia Air Force, he was previously the home affairs minister of Zambia, from February 9, 2003, until January 2005, when he switched positions with Kalombo Mwansa in a cabinet reshuffle and became foreign minister. He served as foreign minister for nearly two years, until another cabinet reshuffle in October 2006 which occurred after Levy Mwanawasa’s election to a second term as president. Shikapwasha returned to the position of home affairs minister and was replaced as foreign minister by agriculture minister Mundia Sikatana. Shikapwasha hails from Zambia's Central Province and is believed to be a relative to the former First Lady of Zambia, Maureen Kakubo Mwanawasa.

Paragraph 20: Five-time Wimbledon winner, defending champion and World No. 1 Roger Federer advanced to the tournament's quarterfinals for the seventh time in ten participations past former World No. 1 and 2002 Wimbledon titlist Lleyton Hewitt after less than two hours of play, on the score of 7–6(7), 6–2, 6–4, while second seed, 2006 and 2007 finalist Rafael Nadal left no hopes to seventeenth seed Mikhail Youzhny, as he defeated the Russian 6–3, 6–3, 6–1. 2004 Wimbledon semifinalist and ATP No. 43 Mario Ančić was led two-sets-to-love by Nottingham finalist and twenty-second seed Fernando Verdasco, when he started a comeback, winning the third set, and overcoming Verdasco's 4–1 lead to take the fourth, to ultimately win the match, after the two players repeatedly broke each other in the one-hour-and-half-long fifth set, on the final score of 3–6, 4–6, 6–3, 6–4, 13–11, after nearly four hours of play, and set a rematch of the 2006 Wimbledon quarterfinal against Federer. Thirty-first-seeded Feliciano López climbed back from being led two-sets-to-one, and saved three match points, the third one with an ace on his second service, to finally beat tenth seed, 2006 semifinalist and 2007 Wimbledon quarterfinalist Marcos Baghdatis after almost four hours of play, 5–7, 6–2, 3–6, 7–6(4), 8–6. In the first fourth round match involving two unseeded players, ATP No. 94 and 2003 Australian Open runner-up Rainer Schüttler dominated ATP No. 40, victor of Andy Roddick, Serbian Janko Tipsarević 6–3, 3–6, 6–4, 7–6(4), and in the second one, 2001 Australian Open runner-up and 2007 Wimbledon doubles champion, ATP No. 145 Arnaud Clément outplayed nineteen-year-old Croatian, ATP No. 55 Marin Čilić, in straight sets 6–3, 7–5, 6–2. Former World No. 1 Marat Safin eliminated a third consecutive seed in the tournament, as he beat Rome Masters finalist Stan Wawrinka for the first time in three encounters, on the score of 6–4, 6–3, 5–7, 6–1, to match his best result in Wimbledon, a 2001 quarterfinal. Eighth seed, 2007 Wimbledon semifinalist, Frenchman Richard Gasquet entirely dominated his adversary, twelfth seed, British Andy Murray during two sets, and up to the end of the third one, when he served to win the match, before Murray broke the Frenchman back and won the set's tie-break, eventually taking back the control of the encounter, racing through the fourth set and breaking early in the fifth to win, in almost complete darkness, at 21:30 (UTC+1), after four hours of play, on the score of 5–7, 3–6, 7–6(3), 6–2, 6–4, and, reaching his first Grand Slam quarterfinal, complete the round of eight line up.

Paragraph 21: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life above and beyond the call of duty. SP6 Joel demonstrated indomitable courage, determination, and professional skill when a numerically superior and well-concealed Viet Cong element launched a vicious attack which wounded or killed nearly every man in the lead squad of the company. After treating the men wounded by the initial burst of gunfire, he bravely moved forward to assist others who were wounded while proceeding to their objective. While moving from man to man, he was struck in the right leg by machine gun fire. Although painfully wounded his desire to aid his fellow soldiers transcended all personal feeling. He bandaged his own wound and self-administered morphine to deaden the pain enabling him to continue his dangerous undertaking. Through this period of time, he constantly shouted words of encouragement to all around him. Then, completely ignoring the warnings of others, and his pain, he continued his search for wounded, exposing himself to hostile fire; and, as bullets dug up the dirt around him, he held plasma bottles high while kneeling completely engrossed in his life saving mission. Then, after being struck a second time and with a bullet lodged in his thigh, he dragged himself over the battlefield and succeeded in treating 13 more men before his medical supplies ran out. Displaying resourcefulness, he saved the life of one man by placing a plastic bag over a severe chest wound to congeal the blood. As 1 of the platoons pursued the Viet Cong, an insurgent force in concealed positions opened fire on the platoon and wounded many more soldiers. With a new stock of medical supplies, SP6 Joel again shouted words of encouragement as he crawled through an intense hail of gunfire to the wounded men. After the 24-hour battle subsided and the Viet Cong dead numbered 410, snipers continued to harass the company. Throughout the long battle, SP6 Joel never lost sight of his mission as a medical aidman and continued to comfort and treat the wounded until his own evacuation was ordered. His meticulous attention to duty saved a large number of lives and his unselfish, daring example under most adverse conditions was an inspiration to all. SP6 Joel's profound concern for his fellow soldiers, at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty are in the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and reflect great credit upon himself and the Armed Forces of his country.

Paragraph 22: On 22 October 2013, following the sacking of Branko Ivanković, Mamić was named caretaker manager of Dinamo Zagreb by his brother and the club chairman Zdravko Mamić. This was the second time in only two months that he was appointed as interim coach, as he (together with Damir Krznar) had taken over the team from Dinamo's previous coach Krunoslav Jurčić after their 2–0 home defeat against Austria Wien in the Champions League play-off in August 2013. He ended his first match as interim coach with an away win against Slaven Belupo. A week later, Dinamo faced Austria Wien in the second leg of the Champions League play-offs. In Vienna, Mamić and Krznar led Dinamo to a 3–2 win, failing to clinch a spot in the Champions League group stage in the last 10 minutes of the match, as Dinamo had a 3–1 lead. After sacking of coach Ivanković, Mamić was again appointed as interim coach. He chose former Dinamo Zagreb players, Damir Krznar and Igor Cvitanović, to be his assistants. In November 2013, after string of positive results, including an 0–0 match against PSV Eindhoven in the Europa League, Mamić suffered his first defeat as Dinamo Zagreb coach, in away match against PSV Eindhoven. In December 2013, Mamić led Dinamo to one of their biggest Eternal Derby triumphs against Hajduk Split, when they won 5–0 in the Croatian Cup quarter-finals. Mamić was led Dinamo to another Champions League season in 2015–16, after a total 6–2 aggregate win against KF Skënderbeu Korçë in the play-off round. In the group stage, Dimano started with a shocking 2–1 home win over Arsenal. With Arsenal further losing to Olympiacos, Dinamo Zagreb was favored to at least manage third place in the group, and secure Europa League Round of 32. However, Dinamo lost the remainder of their matches and were eliminated as last in the group. Mamić still hailed the campaign as the most memorable, due to the historic win against Arsenal.

Paragraph 23: The staff and its visitors tend to be racially, politically, and economically diverse. A core class/political duality in the episodes' storylines tend to be driven by comparisons and contrasts (and often cooperation) between liberal Delgado, and her fellow women's health practitioner across the lobby, who sees paying patients and generally has more conservative values. When Dr. Dana Stowe leaves, Lu's partners include Dr. Andy Campbell and Dr. Dylan West. The show often places the characters in ironic, soul-searching situations in which they are forced to question the solidity of their personal beliefs or else cause them to fight for what they believe in.

Paragraph 24: Köln 2013–14 started on 20 July against Dynamo Dresden. The match ended in a 1–1 draw. Anthony Ujah scored for Köln and Tobias Kempe scored for Dynamo Dresden. Köln ended the matchday tied for eighth in the league table with Dynamo Dresden. Then Köln ended July with matchday two against Fortuna Düsseldorf on 28 July. The match ended in a 1–1 draw. Anthony Ujah scored for Köln and Charlison Benschop scored for Fortuna Düsseldorf. Köln finished July tied with Dynamo Dresden for tenth place in the table. Köln started August with matchday three Paderborn 07 on 10 August. The match ended in a 1–1 draw. Kacper Przybylko scored for Köln and Markus Krösche scored for Paderborn. Köln finished the matchday in 13th place. Köln faced SV Sandhausen on matchday four on 17 August. Köln won 2–0 with two goals from Marcel Risse. Köln finished the matchday tied for seventh with FSV Frankfurt in the table. Köln finished August with matchday five against Greuther Fürth on 24 August. The match ended in a 0–0. Köln finished August in 10th place. Köln started September with a matchday six against Erzgebirge Aue on 1 September. Köln won the match 4–1. Yannick Gerhardt, Marcel Risse, and Sławomir Peszko scored for Köln. Marcel Risse scored two goals. Taku Ishihara scored for Erzgebirge Aue. Köln finished the matchday in third place. Köln faced Energie Cottbus on matchday seven on 16 September. Köln won 4–0. Patrick Helmes, Anthony Ujah, and Sławomir Peszko scored for Köln. Anthony Ujah scored two goals. Köln finished the matchday in third place. Köln faced 1. FC Kaiserslautern on matchday eight on 20 September. The match ended in a 0–0 draw. Köln finished the matchday in second place. Köln finished September with matchday nine against VfR Aalen on 27 September. Köln won 1–0 with a goal from Marcel Risse. Köln finished September in second place. Köln started October with matchday 10 against Karlsruher SC on 5 October. Köln won 2–1. Patrick Helmes and Mišo Brečko scored for Köln. Koen van der Biezen scored for Karlsruhe. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln faced 1860 München on matchday 11 on 21 October. The match ended in a 0–0 draw. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln finished October with matchday 12 against Arminia Bielefeld on 25 October. Köln won 1–0 with a goal from Sławomir Peszko. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln started November with matchday 13 against Union Berlin on 4 November. Köln won 4–0 with goals from Marcel Risse, Yannick Gerhardt, and Jonas Hector. Marcel Risse scored two goals. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln faced VfL Bochum on matchday 14 on 10 November. Bochum won 1–0 with a goal from Richard Sukuta-Pasu. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln faced Ingolstadt 04 on matchday 15 on 23 November. Ingolstadt won 1–0 with a goal from Moritz Hartmann. Köln finished the matchday in second place. Köln finished November with matchday 16 against FC St. Pauli on 29 November. Köln won 3–0 with goals from Kevin Wimmer, Patrick Helmes, and Yannick Gerhardt. Köln finished the matchday in first place. Köln started December with matchday 17 against FSV Frankfurt on 7 December. Köln won 2–0 with goals from Anthony Ujah and Marcel Risse. Köln finished the matchday and the first–half of the season in first place.

Paragraph 25: Since  Matteo Ricci's pioneering work in China in 1583–1610, the Jesuit missionaries in China worked on a program of integrating Christianity with Chinese traditions. Ricci and his followers identified three sects present in China – Confucianism, Buddhism, and Taoism. While viewing Buddhism and Taoism as pagan religions inimical to Christianity, Ricci's approach – predominant with the Jesuits in China throughout most of the 17th century – viewed Confucianism essentially as a moral teaching that was compatible with, rather than contradictory to, Christian beliefs. They viewed Chinese rites such as the veneration of ancestors as essentially civil functions meant to edify the people in virtuous morals, rather than as religious rites. On this basis the Jesuits centered their work in China on the interaction with the Chinese Confucian literati, trying to convince them of their theories and consequently convert them to the Christian faith. When addressing the European public, the China-based Jesuit missionaries strove to present Confucianism, as represented by its Four Books, in a favorable light. The effort culminated with the publications of Confucius Sinarum Philosophus by Philippe Couplet (Paris, 1687).

Paragraph 26: He became one of the board of Protestant 'clerical overseers' and a leader of the anti-Spanish faction.  In 1618 he supervised the torture to death of the arch-priest Nicola Rusca of Sondrio. The popular court in Thusis associated with the overseers also outlawed many leading men from the Spanish faction, notably Rudolf von Planta and his brother Pompeius von Planta. A subsequent popular court in the region's capital, Chur, rejected the Thusis verdicts, and the Republic of the Grisons slid towards anarchy in what became known as the Bündner Wirren or the Confusion of Graubünden. In 1620, an uprising coordinated with the Spanish governor in Milan resulted in the massacre of a number of Protestants in the Republic's subject territory in the Valtellina, a  fertile valley of considerable strategic importance (for through it the Spaniards in Milan could communicate by the Umbrail Pass and the Stelvio Pass with the Austrians in Tirol). From 1620 to 1639, control over the Valtellina became a bone of contention among Spain, Venice and France, with the Republic of the Grisons unable to reassert its control.

Paragraph 27: The variant that is spoken in Trinidad and Tobago is known as Trinidadian Hindustani, Trinidadian Bhojpuri, Trinidadian Hindi, Indian, Plantation Hindustani, or Gaon ke Bolee (Village Speech). A majority of the early Indian indentured  immigrants spoke the Bhojpuri and Awadhi dialects, which later formed into Trinidadian Hindustani. In 1935, Indian movies began showing to audiences in Trinidad. Most of the Indian movies were in the Standard Hindustani (Hindi-Urdu) dialect and this modified Trinidadian Hindustani slightly by adding Standard Hindi and Urdu phrases and vocabulary to Trinidadian Hindustani. Indian movies also revitalized Hindustani among Indo-Trinidadian and Tobagonians. The British colonial government and estate owners had disdain and contempt for Hindustani and Indian languages in Trinidad. Due to this, many Indians saw it as a broken language keeping them in poverty and bound to the cane fields, and did not pass it on as a first language, but rather as a heritage language, as they favored English as a way out. Around the mid to late 1960s the lingua franca of Indo-Trinidadian and Tobagonians switched from Trinidadian Hindustani to a sort of Hindinized version of English. Today Hindustani survives on through Indo-Trinidadian and Tobagonian musical forms such as, Bhajan, Indian classical music, Indian folk music, Filmi, Pichakaree, Chutney, Chutney soca, and Chutney parang. As of 2003, there are about 15,633 Indo-Trinidadian and Tobagonians who speak Trinidadian Hindustani and as of 2011, there are about 10,000 who speak Standard Hindi. Many Indo-Trinidadians and Tobagonians today speak a type of Hinglish that consists of Trinidadian and Tobagonian English that is heavily laced with Trinidadian Hindustani vocabulary and phrases and many Indo-Trinidadians and Tobagonians can recite phrases or prayers in Hindustani today. There are many places in Trinidad and Tobago that have names of Hindustani origin. Some phrases and vocabulary have even made their way into the mainstream English and English Creole dialect of the country. World Hindi Day is celebrated each year on 10 January with events organized by the National Council of Indian Culture, Hindi Nidhi Foundation, Indian High Commission, Mahatma Gandhi Institute for Cultural Co-operation, and the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha.

Paragraph 28: In December 1999, Siti received one of her first international winnings from an international singing competition when she took part in 'Shanghai Asia Music Festival 1999' that was held in China, where she managed to win the Gold Award for the Asia New Singer Competition. She was also invited in 2000 and 2002 for the same competition as featuring artiste. In the same year earlier in May, she took part in 'South Pacific International Song and Singing Competition 1999' held in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia where she was crowned with the first place in the category of 'Pop/Top 40 for International Song' beating contestants from all over South Pacific through her single, We'll Be As One. Siti also managed to catch the juries' attention with her vocal prowess, that finally led her to be awarded with the Best Female Vocal Performance with the same single even though the single was judged by cassette tape/compact disc sent by her recording company to the organiser and not through live performance. For the next few years, Siti took part in 'Voice of Asia 2002' which was held in Kazakhstan, where she performed one of her singles from her third album, Purnama Merindu and managed to grab the Grand Prix Champion title, the ultimate prize.

Paragraph 29: The main event was the third week in a row that Los Ingobernables had faced some combination of wrestlers form Los Guerreros Lagunero and the second week in a row that La Máscara, La Sombra and Rush faced Gran Guerrero, Niebla Roja and Último Guerrero specifically as part of a longer-running storyline between the two factions. Los Ingobernables came to the ring wearing creepy masks, hoodies and pants instead of their normal wrestling gear, giving the impression of more of a street gang than a wrestling team. The majority of the in-ring action centered around Último Guerrero and Rush as they focused primarily on each other throughout the match, building to the already announced singles match between the two the following week. In the third and deciding fall La Máscara and La Sombra held Último Guerrero still, allowing Rush to run across the ring and land a foul kick on Último Guerrero in front of the referee. This led to the disqualification loss for Los Ingobernables, but the trio showed once again that they cared less about winning the match and more about inflicting pain on their opponents. Over the years Volador Jr. has made it a habit to sometimes wear ring gear that resembles various super heroes, a tradition he continued in the semi-main event as he came to the ring looking like Spider-Man as he appeared on the Future Foundation storyline. Volador Jr. teamed up with Titán and Valiente, only to lose to the trio known as La Fuerza TRT ("The TRT Power"; El Terrible, Rey Bucanero and Vangelis) who win the first and the last fall to win the whole match. The fourth match of the evening was a match type called a Match Relampago ("Lighting Match"), a one fall match with a 10 minute time limit. The Lighting Match saw former rivals Máximo and Rey Escorpión face off, playing off a longer-running storyline between the two. On August 18, 2013 Rey Escorpión defeated Máximo's father Brazo de Plata in a Lucha de Apuestas, or bet match, after which Brazo de Plata was shaved bald as a result. Brazo de Plata lost when Máximo tried to interfere and it cost his father the match. In subsequent months the feud moved on to Máximo trying to get revenge for his father against Rey Escorpión. The storyline included a match for Rey Escorpión's CMLL World Light Heavyweight Championship, won by  against Máximo. In the months following the title match the focus seemed to shift away from their rivalry, but on October 25 it was rekindled as the two fought a very intense match, won by Máximo, followed by him making challenges for Rey Escorpión's championship once more. Like Volador Jr., the rudo ("the Bad guy") Mephisto had on several occasions patterned his ring gear on characters from comic books, in his case particularly super villains. For the October 25 show Mephisto wrestled in an outfit and mask that resembled a Zombie Batman character. Mephisto teamed up with regular partner Ephesto and a man who was starting to team with the two more and more, Hechicero as the team took on rookie Dragon Lee and two-thirds of Los Reyes de la Atlantida ("The kings of the Atlantis"; Delta and Guerrero Maya, Jr.). The teams split the first two falls between them in quick fashion, while the third fall was the longest of the match, longer than the first two falls combined, and saw Hechicero and Guerrero Maya, Jr. square off on several occasions, possibly sowing the seeds for a future storyline.

Paragraph 30: An uprising commenced in Ulaanbaatar on 1 July 2008, with a peaceful meeting in protest of the election of 29 June. The results of these elections were (it was claimed by opposition political parties) corrupted by the Mongolian People's Party (MPRP). Approximately 30,000 people took part in the meeting. Afterward, some of the protesters left the central square and moved to the HQ of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party – which they attacked and then burned down. A police station was also attacked. The night rioters vandalized and then set fire to the Cultural Palace (a theatre, museum, and National art gallery). Cars torching, bank robberies, and looting were reported. The organizations in the burning buildings were vandalized and looted. Police used tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannon against stone-throwing protesters. A 4-day state of emergency was installed, the capital was placed under a 2200 to 0800 curfew, and alcohol sales were banned rioting not resumed. Five people were shot dead by the police, dozens of teenagers were wounded from the police firearms and disabled and 800 people, including the leaders of the civil movements J. Batzandan, O. Magnai and B. Jargalsakhan, were arrested. International observers said 1 July general election was free and fair.