Paragraph 1: Tố Hữu, whose real name is Nguyễn Kim Thành, was born 4 October 1920 in Hoi An, Quang Nam province, as the youngest son of the family. At the age of 9, he and his father returned home and lived in Phu Lai village, now in Quang Tho commune, Quang Dien district, Thua Thien province. His father was a poor scholar, could not earn a living and struggled to earn a living, but he liked poetry, liked collecting proverbs and folk songs. He taught To Huu to write old poems. His mother was also the daughter of a scholar, knew many folk songs of Hue and loved him very much. His parents helped to nourish the soul of To Huu poetry. In 1938 he met a teacher, who had given him the pseudonym "Tố Hữu", taken from Đỗ Thị's sentence which means "big willpower available in my son". Tố Hữu accepted this name but interpreted it as a "pure friend". His mother died when he was 12 years old. At the age of 13, he entered Hue National University. Here he was directly exposed to the ideas of Marx, Engels, Lenin, Gorky, ... and approached through books, combined with the mobilisation of members of the Communist Party of Vietnam (Le Duan, Phan Dang Luu, Nguyen Chi Dieu) soon communist ideals. In 1936 he joined the Indochina Democratic Youth Union. In 1938 he was admitted to the Indochina Communist Party. In April 1939, he was arrested, tortured and exiled to Thua Phu Prison (Hue) and transferred to Lao Bao Prison (Quang Tri) and many other prisons in the Central Highlands. In March 1942, he escaped from the prison Đắc Glêi (now in Kon Tum), went to Thanh Hóa and contacted the party (through his secret activities in the district Hậu Lộc, Thanh Hoa province). In 1945, when the August Revolution broke out, he was elected Chairman of the Rebellion Committee of Thua Thien-Hue.

Paragraph 2: Org sourced land and selected three farms, namely Klipriviersberg, Elandsfontein and Swartkoppies. In 1856, Johannes Petrus Meyer (better known as Jan Meyer) acquired  of his father's Elandsfontein farm and built a house next to the Natalspruit, close to where the civic centre stands today. In 1890, he built a new farmhouse mansion on the opposite end of the farm that was miraculously left unharmed during the Anglo Boer War of 1899–1902. The homestead can still be seen today from the bypassing N12 freeway. Jan's brother, also Johan Georg (Org) Meyer, took over the farm after Jan's death. General Hendrik Abraham Alberts, a veteran of the Anglo Boer War, purchased a part of the farm from Org in 1904 and named it Alberton.

Paragraph 3: coliseum in 1953, the renovation will be a major overhaul. The renovation process includes near restoration of the building to its state in the 1930s and the installation of new plastic seats and retractable seating system, flooring, plumbing, fireproofing, electrical system and for the first time in coliseum's history, air conditioning system, while keeping the original look of the building designed by Juan Arellano. Lico and his team used the archival materials by the collectors to restore its original design including from Jorge B. Vargas (who was a founding member of the Philippine Amateur Athletic Federation and the first Filipino member of the International Olympic Committee). Part of its restoration are the repainting of the coliseum's color back into its original which is based from using paint scraping of the building, removals of add-on canopy that was added during the 1970s, metal dividers at the entrance, and wire mesh that separated the spectator area, discoveries of some of its original designs that were covered or removed during its previous renovations (such as the porthole windows and two side rooms at the lobby, and grillworks that bears the letters "T" and "S", referring the coliseum's original name), replacement of faux marble into a real marble, replacement of grillworks to floor-to-ceiling glass at the entrances, the addition of the art-deco style elements on its locker and comfort rooms and the addition of a replica of the original lightning fixtures at the main entrance which was removed during its previous renovations. Also part of its restoration is the gallery room which is the exhibit of the old photographs, tickets and posters of some notable events held at the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex that are part of Vargas' collection. Lico revealed that he spend his own money for the gallery room as it was not included of the renovation budget and he insisted to include it to make people connect with the importance history of the complex. He added that the three government agencies didn't want the idea of gallery room but ME Sicat convinced them to approve it. As for the installation of the air conditioning system for the first time, Lico and his team removed the building's blowers, vents, and exhaust fans and covered the ceiling with a two-inch foaming insulation to absorb outdoor noise. They installed the ducts of the air-conditioning which are all in industrial style to match with the building's interior and also evocative of ocean liners, a significant element of industrialization during the 1930s. The renovation made its capacity decreased from 8,000 to only 6,100. The restoration work of the coliseum is in accordance to the plan by the NHCP, the agency which declared the complex as a "National Historical Landmark". 285 workers are working for the renovation around the clock in 3 shifts. This led both the UAAP and the NCAA expressed interest to hold their respective games on the coliseum again. After only four months, the renovation was completed on November 27, 2019. The coliseum hosted the gymnastics competitions during the biennial games.

Paragraph 4: Joy-Con can be obtained in various colors, either with the purchase of the Switch console or individually, both separately or as a pair. At launch, Joy-Con were available in slate gray, neon red R and neon blue L colors. Black Joy-Con are also issued with Switch development kits. In mid-2017, Nintendo introduced neon yellow Joy-Con, released alongside Arms as well as neon green and neon pink Joy-Con which launched alongside Splatoon 2. A pair of red Joy-Con were released as part of the Super Mario Odyssey bundle, except in Japan and Europe (My Nintendo Store only) where they are available standalone, which was released in October 2017. An exclusive Nintendo Labo Joy-Con design, light brown in color, was released in 2018. It was exclusively available to winners of the Nintendo Labo Creators Contest. In July 2018, Hori, a video game peripheral company, released a dark blue left Joy-Con featuring a classic D-pad in lieu of directional buttons. The controller lacked features such as HD rumble, SL and SR buttons, gyroscope, and wireless connectivity standard to Nintendo-produced Joy-Con, forcing its users to be restricted to handheld mode. This was notably the first officially licensed Joy-Con to be released by a third-party company. Two more officially licensed D-pad variants featuring The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and Super Mario Odyssey themes were later released by Hori in September 2018. Joy-Con colors based on Eevee and Pikachu's color schemes were released alongside Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Let's Go, Eevee! on November 16, 2018, as part of the Switch bundle for the games, and Hori released a fourth D-pad Joy-Con variant featuring a Pikachu theme on the same day. Gray Joy-Con variants featuring a silver Super Smash Bros. series cross logo became available for pre-order alongside Super Smash Bros. Ultimate on November 2, 2018, and were later released on December 7, 2018, as part of the Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Switch bundle. In July 2019, Nintendo announced that the neon purple and neon orange Joy-Con would be released on October 4, 2019, as well as the blue and neon yellow Joy-Con. Ultramarine blue Joy-Con launched alongside Dragon Quest XI S in Japan on September 27, 2019, as part of the Dragon Quest XI S Loto Edition Switch bundle. Pink and mulberry Tsum Tsum Joy-Con launched alongside Disney Tsum Tsum Festival in Japan on October 10, 2019, as part of the Disney Tsum Tsum Festival Switch bundle. Gray Joy-Con variants with a thunderbolt symbol on the left and a Pikachu silhouette on the right were released in Japan on November 29, 2019, as part of the Thunderbolt Project Switch bundle. Medium aquamarine and sky blue Joy-Con became available for pre-order alongside Animal Crossing: New Horizons on March 13, 2020, and were later released on March 20, 2020, as part of the Animal Crossing: New Horizons Switch bundle. Sunglow yellow and French blue Joy-Con were released as part of two Fortnite bundles; the sunglow yellow Joy-Con L and French blue Joy-Con R were released on October 6, 2020 in Europe and November 6, 2020 in Australia and New Zealand as part of the Fortnite special edition Switch bundle, and the French blue Joy-Con L and sunglow yellow Joy-Con R were released as part of the Fortnite - Fleet Force bundle on June 4, 2021. Red Mario Joy-Con launched on January 12, 2021, as part of the Mario Red & Blue Edition-themed Switch bundle. Gray Joy-Con variants featuring silver and gold Monster Hunter Rise artwork were released on March 26, 2021, as part of the Monster Hunter Rise Switch bundle. A blue Joy-Con pair themed after the Master Sword and Hylian Shield from The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword HD was released alongside the game on July 16, 2021. White Joy-Con were released on October 8, 2021, as part of the white Nintendo Switch – OLED Model bundle. Blue and neon yellow Joy-Con variants with artwork themed after Splatoon 3 became available to pre-order alongside Splatoon 3 on August 26, 2022, and were later released on September 9, 2022, as part of the Splatoon 3 Switch – OLED Model bundle. Dark red and purple Joy-Con variants with artwork themed after Pokémon Scarlet and Violet were available to pre-order alongside Pokémon Scarlet and Violet on November 4, 2022, and were later released on November 18, 2022, as part of the Pokémon Scarlet and Violet Switch – OLED Model bundle.

Paragraph 5: Laurent Debuire (; born 16 November 1970), better known by his stage name Laurent Wolf, is a French electro house producer and DJ. He is the author of several compilations that contain his own tracks and also his remixes. He reached the top of the charts with his "Saxo" and "Calinda" compositions. Laurent Wolf was the winner of the DJ category in the 2008 World Music Awards and perform on the WMA 2008 with international singer Anggun. The single "No Stress", featuring vocals by Éric Carter, was #1 on the French SNEP Singles Chart. On October 28, 2009, DJ Magazine announced the results of their annual Top 100 DJ Poll, with Ultra Records Wolf placed at #66.

Paragraph 6: The history of the Panchmahals district revolves around the city of Champaner and the nearby Pavagadh Hill. Champaner was established in the 7th century (647) in the territory of King Vanraj Chavda of Chavda dynasty. In the 13th century, the Delhi Sultanate under Alauddin Khalji took the city from the Chauhan rulers. Their rule continued until 1484 when Sultan Mahmud Begada of Gujarat captured the city. Thereafter Godhra became the center of the district under the Mughal Empire (1575 to 1727). The author of the Mirat-i Sikandari, writing in 1611, spoke high praise of the mangoes of the region, calling them the best in the kingdom, and said that sandalwood grew abundantly here and was used to build houses. Throughout the 1600s, the forests around Dahod and Champaner were used as hunting grounds for wild elephants.

Paragraph 7: According to followers' admissions, Lundgren later went inside the barn with a church member named Ron Luff, luring Avery into a place where the other men awaited by asking him for help with equipment for the camping trip. Luff attempted to render Avery unconscious with a stun gun, but due to a malfunction, a stun bullet struck Avery but failed to knock him out. Avery then was gagged and dragged to the place where Lundgren awaited. He was shot twice in the back, dying almost instantly. To mask the sound of the gun, a chainsaw was left running. Luff then told Avery's wife, Cheryl, that her husband needed help. She was gagged like her husband, but also had duct tape put over her eyes, and dragged to Lundgren. She was shot three times, twice in the breasts and once in the abdomen. Her body lay next to her husband's. The Averys' 15-year-old daughter, Trina, was shot twice in the head. The first shot entered but ricocheted off of her skull, missing her brain, but the second killed her instantly. Thirteen-year-old Becky Avery was shot twice and left to die, while six-year-old Karen Avery was shot in the chest and head.

Paragraph 8: After a long and protracted effort, the operation was eventually successful in saving many lives, as well as in de-escalating the high-intensity conflict into low-level, local skirmishes. However, the initiative has been criticized for expanding beyond its original boundaries ("mission creep"). The Washington-based Refugee Policy Group NGO in November 1994 suggests that any assessment of the success of Operation Provide Relief is "so fraught with methodological problems that it is rarely attempted." As such, it asserts that excess mortality had already peaked by the time that the first relief programs in and flights to southern Somalia were set up. The think tank offers a conservative estimate that about 100,000 lives were saved as a result of international assistance, 10,000 of which occurred after U.S. troops arrived in December 1992.

Paragraph 9: Sam Rockwell (born November 5, 1968) is an American actor. He is known for appearing in independent films and also as a character actor portraying a wide variety of roles both comedic and dramatic in films such as Lawn Dogs (1997), The Green Mile (1999), Galaxy Quest (1999), Confessions of a Dangerous Mind (2002), Matchstick Men (2003), The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (2005), Moon (2009), Frost/Nixon (2008), Iron Man 2 (2010), Conviction (2010), Cowboys & Aliens (2011), Seven Psychopaths (2012), The Way, Way Back (2013), Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (2017), Vice (2018), Jojo Rabbit (2019), Richard Jewell (2019), and The Best of Enemies (2019).

Paragraph 10: James Anderson plays Oliver "Ollie" Valentine, who first appears in series eleven, along with his sister, Penny, as a Foundation House Officer. Registrar Jac Naylor originally dislikes Oliver, but later realises that not only is he a good doctor, but he also tries to understand the patients, and has him transferred to the Acute Assessment Unit. On AAU, Oliver becomes friends with Chrissie Williams. They sleep together, and Chrissie becomes pregnant, but goes on to miscarry. Oliver is transferred to the general surgery ward, Keller, after annoying AAU lead Linden Cullen. Oliver works alongside Jac on Keller ward, and the two share a kiss, which Penny photographs and posts throughout the hospital. Oliver attempts to hide the photos from ward sister Daisha Anderson, who he is casually dating. When Daisha discovers the photos, she slaps him and ends their relationship. Oliver caused friction on Darwin when he treated a patient that nearly killed him and lied to Connie that Greg left him unsupervised to save his own skin. Greg however found out and got his own back at him by setting him up with a prostitute. On 1 March 2011, Oliver landed himself in hot water when the patient he made a mistake when closing him up a while ago was brought back on AAU. Under stress that the mistake would make him repeat his F2 year, tried to persuade Penny to take the blame. With an enquiry looming, Oliver snuck into Michael Spence's files and deleted his name from the list, trying to put Penny's name instead thus jeopardising her own career which had gone from strength to strength. However, he was eventually caught out by registrar Antoine Malick and was reported. When Penny found out what he tried to do, she said what he did was unforgivable and said he was "Toxic". It was then revealed that Oliver is actually practicing illegally, as he stole his sister's papers and passed them off as his own. Penny told him to admit it all to Michael Spence or she will, and gave him a deadline. Although the results showed that Oliver was innocent, he somewhat started to spiral out of control and breaks down in front of Penny when he confesses that he cheated on their final exams before starting work at Holby, passing her exam off as his, therefore not legally qualified to work as a Doctor. Penny was furious for what he did and told him that he has to confess his bombshell by the time she returns from annual leave, or she will. On the episode broadcast on 12 April 2011, Penny was killed saving a patient at the wreckage of a train crash, leaving Oliver to identify the body. He plans to tell the truth to Mallick, who convinces him not to tell anyone, saying that this conversation did not happen. Oliver is last seen in this episode sitting on a bench with Penny's belongings. Oliver starts a romantic relationship with F1 doctor Tara Lo (Jing Lusi); however, he is shocked when he learns that Tara has an inoperable brain tumour, and he goes into overdrive looking for cures. Weeks later he's move into Tara' flat, Tara's brain tumour grows and she decides to have life-threatening surgery to reduce it. On the day before Tara's operation, they get married in front of Tara's parents and their friends and co-workers, Elliot Hope, Jac Naylor, Jonny Maconie and Mo Effanga at Holby hospital gardens. Tara is taken into the operating theatre and dies during her surgery. Since his return, he has been developing and fighting his feelings for Zosia March which later resulted in a love triangle as she was dating colleague, Sebastian Coulter. Tara

Paragraph 11: His grandson Sir Edward Baynton (1593–1657) built Spye Park House after the destruction of Bromham House in 1645 during the Civil War.  He was married to Stuarta, the daughter of Sir Thomas Thynne, whose brother resided at Longleat. The house passed out of the Bayntun family when the heiress Ann Baynton married Edward Rolt (d. 1722), of Sacombe Park, MP for Chippenham. Anne (b. 1689) succeeded her brother John Bayntun (1688–1716) who was the 19th in lineal descent from Sir Henry Baynton, Knight of the Household to King Henry II. On his death, the Bayntun male line died out entirely. The two siblings were children of Henry Bayntun (1664–1691) by his wife Lady Anne Wilmot, daughter of John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester, the noted Restoration poet and libertine. Ann Baynton's first husband Edward Rolt (d. 1722) was the son of Sir Thomas Rolt (1632–1710), an early nabob who made his fortune with the East India Company. Sir Thomas purchased the medieval house and estate of Sacombe Park in Hertfordshire in 1688.  Ann Rolt, née Bayntun, had several children with her first husband, and at his death, she married in 1724 the 13th Lord Somerville and had further issue, two sons and one daughter.  Ann's second son Edward Rolt, later Edward Bayntun-Rolt (d. 1800), inherited the property, and was made a baronet in 1762 (see Bayntun-Rolt baronets).  He had six illegitimate children with his mistress, Mary Poynter, whom he later married secretly in 1751.  Their fourth and youngest son Sir Andrew Bayntun-Rolt, 2nd Baronet (1755–1816) was born after the marriage and thus was his father's only legitimate child and heir after the marriage laws reforms of 1753. He married in 1777 Lady Maria Coventry, and separated from her for an affair with his nephew in 1783; they divorced in 1787.

Paragraph 12: The gangsa is a metallophone idiophone of the Balinese people of Bali, Indonesia. It is a melodic instrument that is part of a Balinese gamelan gong kebyar. Traditionally, a single gamelan craftsman's workshop would construct, upon commission, a unified and uniquely tuned set of bronze instruments, numbering twenty or more, the sum total of which would constitute a gamelan gong kebyar. Sometime in the latter half of the 20th century, Balinese gamelan craftsmen realized there was a market, consisting mostly of foreign gamelan enthusiasts, interested in procuring single instruments. The gangsa pictured here is a product of this market niche. In a complete Balinese gamelan gong kebyar there would be, typically, nine gangsa of three different sizes and pitch registers called, from the largest and lowest-pitched to the smallest and highest-pitched: ugal, pemade, and kantilan. Each of these varieties of gangsa has ten keys suspended over tuned-bamboo resonators and are tuned to a pentatonic scale over the range of two octaves. The gangsa pictured here would, in the context of a full gamelan gong kebyar, be called a pemade. The wood casings of all gamelan gong kebyar instruments are typically ornately carved and often painted in vibrant shades of red and gold. Although not painted, the gangsa pictured here displays robust and deep carving on its surfaces consisting of stylized vegetation motifs (see detail #1) also found throughout the island of Bali on Hindu temples and other traditional architecture. Dating back to only the 1910s, the gamelan gong kebyar tradition has become the most iconic of Bali's many types of sacred and secular gamelan traditions. Sets are found in many villages and neighborhoods of towns and cities, manned by musicians from all walks of life. They are performed for religious celebrations, at arts schools and conservatories, for competitions, and at tourist venues, playing both instrumental compositions and for the accompaniment of dances.

Paragraph 13: The UNO College of Public Affairs and Community Service (CPACS) comprises 8 units and several subunits. The programs are interdisciplinary and work with countless local, national, and international organizations to make a difference in communities in Nebraska and around the world. As the state's highest-ranked college, it has eight programs ranked in the top 25 in the nation by U.S. News & World Report for 2023. These include #23 (tie) Best Public Affairs Program, #7 (tie) Local Government Management, #11 Nonprofit Management, #5 Public Finance, and #19 Public Management. Within the many programs offered by CPACS, rankings remain high for the college's popular School of Criminology and Criminal Justice graduate program, ranked 13th nationally. (U.S. News & World Report kept the rankings the same for all criminology programs this year.)   The College of Business Administration's Master of Business Administration students ranked in the top 5% nationally, while the undergraduate students ranked in the top 15% on a 2007 standardized exam on business topics conducted by the Educational Testing Service. The College of Business has continuously held accreditation from the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) since 1965.  In 2013 the Department of Accounting was granted separate AACSB accreditation for its undergraduate and graduate programs. In 2014 the college opened the Jack & Stephanie Koraleski Commerce and Applied Behavioral Laboratory (CAB LAB).  The lab is used by researchers in the college and across the university to conduct a range of research for businesses and governmental entities across the country.

Paragraph 14: The Qualis was initially sold only with a 2.4-litre 2L-II SOHC diesel upon its introduction in 2000 in FS/GS/GST trims while the fuel-injected 2.0-litre 1RZ-E SOHC petrol engine was later made available in the range topping GST Super. The FS model (10-seater) is the base trim with a vinyl interior, power steering and front air conditioning (later included in refreshed models as standard) as options. The middle grade GS trim (10 seater/8 seater) gets better cloth interior with better sound deadening, power steering, front air conditioning (rear AC available as an option), and body cladding as standard with power windows and central locking offered as options. The top-end 8 seater GST and the petrol GST Super included front fog lamps, rear wiper and washer, wood trim, rear spoiler, alloy wheels, and all GS options as standard. The model range would get revamped in 2002 that brought roll down windows to the second-row doors with power windows for all four doors and central locking being standard to the now 8 seater only GS variant with rear AC and rear wiper and washer offered as options while the range topping GST/GST Super was replaced by a new 7-seater RS variant with captain seats.

Paragraph 15: During this period, Sabean followed a strategy of avoiding high draft picks, telling the San Francisco Chronicle, "Quite frankly, we're very reluctant to overspend in the draft. We're cautious in that regard because it's so fallible. Our focus is spending as much as we can and being as wise as we can at the major-league level and using the minor leagues as a supplement and not necessarily leaning on it totally. Teams that are allowed to have a three-to- five-year plan and allowed to lose or explain to their fans they're in a rebuilding mode have a greater latitude than we do. We always have to be in a reloading mode".  The Giants ranked 22nd in baseball on money spent in the draft and internationally between 2000 and 2004.  On several occasions, Sabean's signing of veteran players before the arbitration deadline cost the team future draft picks. In 2004, Sabean forfeited the team's number one pick to sign Michael Tucker.  In 2005, the Giants didn't pick until the fourth round after surrendering their first three selections to sign Benítez, Mike Matheny, and Omar Vizquel. The Giants did draft and sign first-round pitcher Tim Lincecum in the 2006 draft. Among early draft picks the Giants have used in Sabean's tenure, the majority were used on pitching talent (also see: Jesse Foppert, Kurt Ainsworth, Jerome Williams, Matt Cain, and Noah Lowry).

Paragraph 16: Marcy Regina Wu is Sasha's and Anne's other human friend who found the Calamity Box first in a shop on Anne's birthday and was also teleported to Amphibia. She serves as the brains of the trio, and is an expert but somewhat clumsy gamer. When she, Anne, and Sasha were transported to Amphibia, she found herself in Newtopia where she was accepted by the inhabitants and became King Andrias' chief advisor and ranger. After spending months with them, she was happily reunited with Anne and was introduced to the Plantars for the first time. It becomes apparent that while she is still clumsy, Marcy had become more adventurous and is capable of taking care of herself while also expanding her knowledge of Amphibian culture and anatomy. However, she admits that she is jealous of Anne's ability to be social with every person she meets. Marcy spends half her time trying to do research on the Calamity Box so that she, Anne and Sasha can return home. Marcy and Anne come to accept that Sasha looked down on them despite her genuinely caring about them, but they still miss her and want to reunite with her to make things right. Marcy ultimately has to stay in Newtopia while Anne and the Plantars return to Wartwood to retrieve the Calamity Box. However, Andrias approaches her with a proposition. She arrives in Wartwood to aid Anne and the Plantars with recharging the first gem on the Calamity Box. During this time, she comes to realize that she has a problem with disacknowledging problems around her and willingly forfeits one of the challenges. This ends up being the test, and they successfully recharge the gem with Marcy's eyes noticeably losing their green hue. Afterwards, she begins to live in the fwagon outside of the Plantars' house and begins to experience the same outcast treatment that Anne had when she first came to Wartwood, becoming even more disappointed when even Polly treated her poorly just because she follows others. She grows close to Maddie Flour due to their interests in magic. Marcy helps with completing the third temple where she happily reunites with Sasha. In the season two finale, it is revealed that Marcy knew about the Calamity Box's power all along. After learning that her parents were planning to move, she feared being alone and manipulated Sasha and Anne to steal the box from the thrift store in the hopes that being transported to another world would keep them together forever. She helps her friends fight King Andrias when he reveals his sinister motivations. Marcy attempts to make amends by getting the box to create a portal home, but while trying to go through, she is stabbed through the torso by Andrias.

Paragraph 17: In 2010, Kyoko Mizuki, under her real name Keiko Nagita, revised and published the "Candy Candy Final Story" (CCFS). CCFS was published in two volumes and not three volumes as the earlier novels. She announced that this was her effort to tell the story as she always intended from the beginning, without the influence of the manga illustrator or the manga production team. Yet, most of the plot of the story remained the same and it is also entirely identical to her earlier novel which had been published several times since the 1970s. Furthermore, Keiko Nagita specifies that she wants her readers to imagine the characters' appearances based on the manga illustrations of Yumiko Igarashi as there are almost no such descriptions found in her own novel. Minor changes were made mainly to details of descriptions to scenes. She did, however, add a few new developments to CCFS. In CCFS, Susanna had died from a chronic illness years after Candy and Terry had separated. It is not said in the CCFS whether Candy responded to a note she had received which had been signed with the initials "T.G.". It is alleged that this note may belong to Terry Graham but that is never confirmed in the text nor is it specified whether Candy responded to that letter or not. Then the novel proceeds with the final section known as the "Epilogue" where a series of letters are exchanged between Candy and Albert. Candy includes a recollection of her (unsent) letter to Anthony where she reflects upon her life thus far. Keiko Nagita also added a final scene where Candy, in her thirties and living in an unknown place near a river called Avon, greets her beloved as he enters their home. The man's name is never revealed, but Nagita said that she was satisfied knowing that Candy now lived a happy life with that mystery man.

Paragraph 18: After the opening of the Leeds to Manchester line, only the gap between the M&LR's Oldham Road station and the L&MR's Liverpool Road terminus in Manchester, prevented there being a through line from Liverpool to Hull.  As well as the inconvenience to passengers, goods had to be unloaded and carted across Manchester and reloaded into railway wagons. The companies agreed to make a connecting line from the M&LR at Miles Platting to a new station at Hunt's Bank and on to the terminus of the Manchester and Bolton Railway (close to the present-day Salford Central station) and over an ‘S’-shaped link to join the L&MR to the west of its terminus in July 1838. The Hunt's Bank site was purchased privately by Samuel Brooks, vice-chairman of the M&LR, and presented to the company in August 1838. The section from Miles Platting to Hunt's Bank was built by the M&LR, and the western section by the L&MR. The Royal Assent was given to an L&MR Act for this arrangement on 14 June 1839, followed by an M&LR Act on 1 July, which also authorised branches to Oldham and Halifax. There was considerable controversy because a southern route was strongly advocated; the L&MR in particular was attracted to a connection to the Manchester and Birmingham Railway, giving better connections southwards, at the cost of failing to connect the Bolton line at all, and of requiring some form of transshipment for Leeds traffic, because of incompatibility in the levels. It took some time to pacify the dissenters, but a new L&MR Act was obtained on 30 July 1839, finalising the matter.

Paragraph 19: In 1990, Moore appeared on Big Daddy Kane's album Taste of Chocolate and Eric B. & Rakim's music video for "In The Ghetto".  Four years later, he appeared on Method Man's album Tical and 2 Live Crew's album Back at Your Ass for the Nine-4.  2 Live Crew attributed their use of obscenity-laden lyrics to Moore's act. After appearing on a 1995 episode of Martin titled "The Players Came Home", he reprised the Dolemite character for the intro of Busta Rhymes' album When Disaster Strikes... Snoop Dogg's 1999 album No Limit Top Dogg, and Ol' Dirty Bastard‘s 1999 music video "Got Your Money“, in which the rapper was digitally inserted into scenes of Dolemite.  He again reprised Dolemite in the 2000 film Big Money Hustlas, a film created by and starring the rap-rock group Insane Clown Posse.  In 2001, Moore was a featured guest in the intro of Busta Rhymes' album Genesis. Five years later, Moore voice-acted in the show Sons of Butcher, as Rudy in season 2. Moore reprised the character Petey Wheatstraw on the 2008 song "I Live for the Funk", which featured Blowfly and Daniel Jordan. It marked the first time Blowfly and Moore collaborated on the same record together, as well as the 30-year anniversary of the movie Petey Wheatstraw; it was also the final recording Moore made before his death.

Paragraph 20: In April 2005, the school observed the World Book Day in which the chief of bureau of Arab News Raid Qutsi attended as the event's chief guest where he addressed the students and stressed on the importance of reading books. In April 2010, the deputy managing editor of Arab News Siraj Wahab included Al-Yasmin International School in his article as one of the ten "most popular CBSE-affiliated schools" in Saudi Arabia. In April 2011, Al-Yasmin school's principal MC Sebastian presided over the event in which Padma Shri recipient Dr. Azad Moopen was honoured for his contribution sector and for his humanitarian works. In May 2013, the Saudi Gazette reported that Al Yasmin as one of the best performing schools in the annual All India Senior School Certificate Examination, besides two other schools in the country. In April 2016, the school conducted its investiture ceremony where the members of the 28th student council were elected meanwhile the event was facilitated by Ankur Vohra, the senior manager of International Outreach at Ashoka University. In September 2016, Saudi Gazette reported that Zain Samadani, a student of Al-Yasmin International School being the sole representative of Saudi Arabia in the annual Google Science Fair held at Googleplex in Mountain View, California, United States. In July 2017, the school hosted an iftar party for their Muslim and non-Muslim students, teachers and parents where toppers of classes 10 and 12 were awarded with trophies and certificates. In September 2017, Al-Yasmin observed the Saudi National Day where students of both boys and girls section participated in the event. In November 2017, the Riyadh Initiative against Substance Abuse (RISA) under the aegis of Subair Kunju Foundation conducted its second trainer training (TOT) program at Al Yasmin International School where principal K. Rahmathulla inaugurated the function and the program consultant Dr. A.V. Bharathan gave an introductory speech on TOT program. In January 2019, the Riyadh Initiative against Substance Abuse (RISA) provided certificates to 87 teachers of Al-Yasmin school after successfully completing the Training of Trainer (TOT) program where Dr. Ali Farhan, deputy executive director of family medicine and primary health care at King Abdul Aziz Medical City attended as the event's chief guest. Al-Yasmin was among the 26 out of 41 schools qualified to take part in CBSE Cluster Meet as well as in the 29th Principals’ Conference titled 'Hubs of Learning' conducted in the sidelines of the former at the International Indian School Jeddah in October 2019. In December 2019, the World Malayalee Federation Riyadh Riyadh Central Council organized the Study Class Entrance Ceremony in Al-Yasmin International School in collaboration with the Department of Cultural Affairs, Government of Kerala. In May 2021, Al-Yasmin school's principal K Rahamathullah died while undergoing treatment for COVID-19. Several Indian expats in Saudi Arabia and prominent leaders of the community-based organizations expressed condolences over his demise. He was replaced by Dr. SM Shaukat Perwez, the former principal of International Indian School, Riyadh.

Paragraph 21: East Ryde is bounded by Cressy Road, Coxs Road, the Lane Cove River, Strangers Creek and Buffalo Creek. It was originally part of the Field of Mars Common. This was an area set aside by Governor King in 1804 for breeding stock owned by the early settlers whose allotments were inadequate to sustain their sheep and cattle. Because of its size and rugged character however, the common became infamous as a haven for escaped convicts and robbers.  As early as 1856 there were proposals to sell the Field of Mars Common to raise finance for much needed infrastructure, but it was not until 1874 that the Field of Mars Common Resumption Act was passed in the New South Wales parliament. The first land sale of the new subdivision was held in September 1885 and included lots around Kittys Creek and today's East Ryde, though at this time East Ryde did not have a distinctive suburb name – it was part of North Ryde.  An early proposal to link the released land to other parts of Sydney involved a tramway to the Field of Mars. In 1884 it was proposed that the tram would run through Balmain and Gladesville, crossing Strangers Creek where a bridge would be built. The tramway would traverse the common on its eastern side, probably along Pittwater Road, and then proceed north. More than 16 years later, on the same day as the opening of the De Burghs Bridge across the Lane Cove River, the Minister for Works proceeded to Gladesville to turn the first sod of the Field of Mars tramway – a tramway that was never built.  In 1925 the finance committee of the New South Wales government approved the construction of a railway line between Eastwood and St Leonards. Housing developments appeared along the proposed route. One of these was on a hill near a proposed station at the eastern corner of today's Macquarie Hospital grounds. Because of its elevated position it was called the Dress Circle Estate. This estate was roughly two-thirds of the modern suburb of East Ryde.  The 1926 subdivision plan clearly shows the influence that the promised railway had on this development. In larger typeface than 'The Dress Circle Estate' are the words 'Eastwood–St Leonards New railway' -  "60 choice elevated lots overlooking the beautiful Lane Cove River... close to a proposed station on the new electric railway from Eastwood to St Leonards".  There were two roads indicated – Twin Road and Mary Avenue. There was confidence that the railway would go ahead because it had been a passed by the State Parliamentary Works Committee. In 1929 the estate was extended with an addition called The Hill Top Estate. However, in the same year the government cancelled the proposed railway. Development of the estate ceased after only one house had been built.

Paragraph 22: After managing to pin Crossbones in an eight-man tag team match on March 20, Mike Quackenbush suggested that Frightmare should start going after the Young Lions Cup. Frightmare received his shot at the Cup on June 26, but was defeated when the champion, BDK member Tim Donst, choked him out with a necktie. On August 27 Frightmare entered the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament, defeating Brendan Michael Thomas, who had eliminated him from the tournament the previous year, in his first round match. Later that same night he defeated Christian Abel, Kaio, Amasis, Johnny Gargano and Akira Tozawa in a six-way elimination match to advance to the finals of the tournament. On August 29 Frightmare defeated BDK member Lince Dorado to win the eighth Young Lions Cup tournament and score Chikara's first major victory in its war against BDK. Frightmare made his first successful defense of the Young Lions Cup on September 19, defeating BDK's Pinkie Sanchez. On October 23 Frightmare successfully defended the Young Lions Cup against Johnny Gargano, who cashed in his "Golden Opportunity" to get a title match. The following week Frightmare made his first tour of Japan with Osaka Pro Wrestling. On December 12, 2010, at the season nine finale, Reality is Relative, Incoherence aligned themselves with Hallowicked's long–time rival UltraMantis Black by saving him from Sinn Bodhi and The Batiri. On March 13, 2011, Frightmare broke Max Boyer's record from 2006 for most successful defenses of the Young Lions Cup, when he defeated Batiri member Obariyon to make his sixth successful defense. On April 15, Frightmare, Hallowicked and UltraMantis Black, now known collectively as the Spectral Envoy, were eliminated from the 2011 King of Trios in the first round by Team Dragon Gate (Akira Tozawa, Kagetora and Super Shisa). On June 26, Frightmare defeated Batiri member Kodama to make his seventh and final Young Lions Cup defense. On August 27, he was stripped of the title in time for the ninth annual Young Lions Cup tournament. The Spectral Envoy and the Dark Army (Sinn Bodhi, Kobald, Kodama and Obariyon) faced each other in an eight-man tag team match on September 18, when the former was joined by UltraMantis Black's former Order of the Neo-Solar Temple partner Crossbones. The Spectral Envoy managed to win the match, after Ultramantis pinned Bodhi. Afterwards, Frightmare was sidelined for the next eight months with an injury, before returning on May 20, 2012, during Chikara's tenth anniversary weekend. On September 14, Frightmare, Hallowicked and UltraMantis Black entered the 2012 King of Trios, defeating Mihara, The Mysterious and Handsome Stranger and Tito Santana in their first round match. The following day, the Spectral Envoy advanced to the semifinals of the tournament, after defeating their rival team The Batiri. However, following the match, the Spectral Envoy was attacked by members of The Batiri and Ophidian. On the third and final day of the tournament, the Spectral Envoy first defeated F.I.S.T. (Chuck Taylor, Icarus and Johnny Gargano) in the semifinals and then Team ROH (Mike Bennett, Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) in the finals, despite interference from The Batiri, Delirious and Ophidian, to win the 2012 King of Trios. On December 2 at Chikara's third internet pay-per-view, Under the Hood, the Spectral Envoy, represented by Frightmare, Hallowicked, UltraMantis Black and the returning Blind Rage and Crossbones, defeated The Batiri, Delirious and Ophidian in a ten-man tag team match.

Paragraph 23: Bell miners specialize in consuming insects known as psyllids and their associated young nymphs, sweet lerps, and other psyllid secretions. Psyllid products may consist of up to 90% of the bell miner's diet. Bell miners forage primarily among leaves, branches, and loose bark in the canopy, generally at least 8 m in height, but they do descend to the dense understory. There is a theory that bell miners 'farm' psyllids by excluding other psyllid-eating bird species from a large enough territory, that the miners themselves do not require all the psyllids from in order to sustain the colony. One hypothesis under the farming theory is that the bell miners may selectively eat only older nymphs, or may often eat the lerps and leave the nymph unharmed. Evidence for this theory has been mixed. An early study of stomach contents did not find supporting evidence for this theory, as bell miner stomachs did not contain the higher lerp/nymph ratio that would have been expected. However, a later behavioral comparison between bell miners and noisy miners did observe that bell miners carefully used their tongue to remove lerps, which left the nymph intact. In contrast, noisy miners pried the lerp and nymph off with their beak and consumed both. When bell miners are removed, psyllid colonies are generally quickly decimated by the other forest bird species that move into the miners' former territory.

Paragraph 24: PA 53 begins at an interchange with the US 219 freeway in Croyle Township, Cambria County, heading east-northeast on four-lane divided Railroad Street. The road narrows into a two-lane undivided road as it heads through wooded areas to the south of Norfolk Southern's Pittsburgh Line, crossing the Little Conemaugh River into the borough of Summerhill. The route passes homes and a few businesses, heading northeast and crossing the river again before curving east and crossing back into Croyle Township. PA 53 becomes Portage Street and runs through more woodland to the south of the railroad tracks, crossing the Little Conemaugh River twice. The road heads into Summerhill Township and heads across the river again as it passes through farm fields and turns to the north, becoming the border between Summerhill Township to the west and the borough of Wilmore to the east. The route heads into wooded areas again and crosses under the Pittsburgh Line, turning northeast to fully enter Wilmore and pass near residences. PA 53 intersects PA 160 and passes homes and businesses before heading back into Summerhill Township. Here, the road runs through wooded areas with a few residences, crossing into Portage Township. The route becomes the border between Portage Township to the north and the borough of Portage to the south as it heads into commercial areas, gaining a center left-turn lane. PA 53 intersects PA 164 and forms a short concurrency with that route, fully entering Portage Township before PA 164 splits to the north. The road becomes two lanes again and heads northeast into woods, turning to the southeast as it passes through the residential community of Jamestown. The route heads into woods again and crosses under the Pittsburgh Line, turning north and crossing the former Bens Creek Culvert of the Allegheny Portage Railroad before entering Washington Township. PA 53 winds northeast through more woodland with some homes, passing through Plane Bank before heading into the borough of Lilly. Here, the route heads into residential areas, crossing the former Lilly Culvert of the Allegheny Portage Railroad before turning west onto Cleveland Street and then turning north onto Main Street. PA 53 splits northwest onto Evergreen Street and curves to the north, crossing back into Washington Township. The road heads into woodland, curving northeast and continuing into Cresson Township, becoming West 2nd Street. The route widens into a divided highway as it comes to an interchange with the US 22 freeway.  

Paragraph 25: Back in New York, Rushmore used his severance pay from Confidential to buy an air ticket to California, where he contacted Giesler's office. Rushmore offered to become a witness in exchange for a job in Hollywood, but Giesler refused. Then Rushmore became a witness for California Attorney General Edmund "Pat" Brown. Since Confidential was ensconced in New York state, and New York refused to let Brown extradite Harrison to California, Brown instead put Hollywood Research and Harrison's niece Marjorie and her husband, Fred Meade, on trial. The Meades were actually in New York City at the time of the grand jury indictments and originally intended not to participate in the California trial—libel was not an extraditable offense under New York State law. But Harrison, seeing an opportunity of a lifetime for front-page headlines, wanted to avoid a trial in absentia and encouraged the Meades to return to Los Angeles with defense attorney Arthur Crowley to pleaded their case. Crowley's strategy was simple: put subjects of Confidentials stories on the witness stand and ask them under oath if the stories were true. Film industry executives, who previously tried to convince Edmund Brown to charge Robert Harrison with conspiracy to publish criminal libel, now tried to backpedal for fear of adverse publicity from what would be "heralded by the press as the 'Trial of a Hundred Stars'." But Brown would have none of it—on August 7, 1957, The People of the State of California v. Robert Harrison et al. trial began.INS (Wednesday, August 7, 1957), "Lawyer Opens Trial Of Two Magazines," Anderson Daily Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana), p. 3 It would eventually involve over 200 members of the film industry, most of whom fled California to avoid defense subpoenas. Rushmore, now the state's star witness, testified that the magazine knowingly published unverified allegations, despite the magazine's reputation for double-checking facts: "Some of the stories are true and some have nothing to back them up at all. Harrison many times overruled his libel attorneys and went ahead on something." According to Rushmore, Harrison told the attorneys, "I'd go out of business if I printed the kind of stuff you guys want." Rushmore even fingered Aline Mosby, who was in the press galleries covering the trial for United Press. It was revealed that Mosby wrote upward to 24 stories for Confidential—UP had to replace the disgraced Mosby with another reporter. James P. O'Connell (September 26, 1958, accessed December 14, 2015), "Subject: Mosby, Aline," Federal Bureau of Investigation, Security Support Division. FBI memo notes that United Press fired Mosby for the Confidential leaks.

Paragraph 26: Frank Fairfax's documented career as a professional musician began in 1928, when he played bass horn and trumpet alongside singer/trombonist Clyde Bernhardt (1905–1986) and many other musicians in Henry P. McClane's Society Orchestra, a West Virginia-based dance band. From July, 1929 through 1934, Fairfax was playing trombone for Phil Edwards' Collegians, a college dancing orchestra formed in 1928 in Bluefield, West Virginia, that toured the Eastern seaboard. At some point in the first half of 1930, Edwards' Collegians landed a job as the house band for Cincinnati's Greystone Ballroom, from whence it regularly broadcast over WLW for a least eighteen months. Such was its reputation that in 1931 it earned eighth place in the Pittsburgh Courier's Most Popular Band Contest, a consequence, at least in part, of its presence on the airwaves. In 1932 and 1933, still led by Phil Edwards but managed by Frank Fairfax, the Collegians made an extensive tour of the southeastern United States. According to Cleophas "Chico Hicks, who played banjo and guitar for the band beginning in 1932, Fairfax took a large role in the booking and business management of the Collegians. The group's representative would travel ahead of the orchestra to different towns to find bookings, and then would meet with Fairfax, who would configure the schedule. Hicks also recalled that the group embarked on an extensive tour of the eastern United States, extending down the East Coast into the Deep South, through Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas. Crisscrossing the region between performances at country clubs, dance halls, and local radio stations, the orchestra traveled in two 1926 Packards and a "Chevy cattle truck," which carried most of the instruments. Fairfax and Hicks usually rode in the truck. Fairfax also wrote some of the music arrangements for Edwards' Collegians. However, a significant portion of the Collegians' repertoire consisted of Archie Bleyer's stock arrangements ordered from New York, including "Too Tired," "Muddy Water," "Just Around the Corner, Smoke Gets in Your Eyes, and Dvorak's  "Humoresque." Being able to sight-read new tunes was an important component of performing with the band. By September 1933, Chappie Willet assumed leadership of the band, and subsequently it relocated the Philadelphia. They landed a steady job at the Rafters Club in West Philadelphia. Fairfax remained business manager and was first trombonist in Chappie Willet’s Orchestra in Philadelphia and also while performing with the same band on the campus of Princeton University in March, 1934. By late 1934 the band broke up.''

Paragraph 27: Borotsik sought and won the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada's nomination for Brandon-Souris in the 1997 federal election.  The party had been reduced to only two seats in the previous election, and was trying to rebuild its support base.  Borotsik was a strong supporter of party leader Jean Charest, and was considered a star candidate.  He indicated that he opposed the ideology of the rival, right-wing Reform Party of Canada, which he described as a "flash-in-the-pan regional party" with no national perspective.  He was narrowly elected over the Reform candidate, while pushing Liberal incumbent Glen McKinnon into third place.

Paragraph 28: Sickle hemoglobin (HbS), is the most common variant of hemoglobin and arises due to an amino acid substitution in the beta-globin subunit at the sixth residue from glutamic acid to valine. There are different forms of sickle cell disease. HB SS which is the most common and severe form of sickle cell. Hb SC is due to inheriting Hb S from one parent and Hb C (hemoglobin C) from the other parent. Hb S beta thalassemia is the least common and is experienced in patients who have inherited beta thalassemia hemoglobin from one parent and HbS from the other.  In addition, there is sickle cell trait (HbAS) which is defined by having HbA and HbS. This makes the individual heterozygous for sickle cell. Of the world population, it is estimated that there are about 300 million individuals with the sickle cell trait and about 100 million of those are in sub-Saharan Africa.  There is also a higher prevalence of sickle cell trait in areas that malaria is commonly found, with the prevalence in some parts of Africa and Saudi Arabia being as high as 25% and 60%, respectively. Individuals who have HbAS have about 40%HbS, 56% HBA, and are usually asymptomatic unless there is a severe lack of oxygen to the body (hypoxia) which can lead to symptoms of sickle cell disease.  However, HbAS does not cause vaso-occlusive crisis, which is known to be associated with sickle cell disease.

Paragraph 29: The 2nd Battalion, Wiltshire Regiment, began the war as part of the 13th Infantry Brigade, which also included 2nd Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) and 2nd Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers (later 5th Essex Regiment), part of the 5th Infantry Division of the British Expeditionary Force in France. The battalion fought in a series of engagements during the Battle of France in May 1940, most notably at the Battle of Arras. After being evacuated at Dunkirk, the 2nd Wiltshires participated in Operation Ironclad, the capture of Vichy-held Madagascar, known as the Battle of Madagascar. On 19 May the Battalion re-embarked on the Franconia to sail to India to rejoin the 5th Division and were stationed in Bombay and Ahmednagar until August. The Wiltshires, as well as the rest of the brigade, were then sent to the Middle East. As part of 13th Infantry Brigade, the Wiltshires spent the end of 1942 until early part of 1943 operating in Iraq, Persia, Syria and Palestine, under Middle East Command. Later, the brigade participated in Operation Husky, the invasion of Sicily, and the follow-on invasion of the Italian mainland in September 1943. During the Italian Campaign, the 2nd Wiltshires would win battle honours for its actions, taking part in the Moro River Campaign and later crossing the Garigliano river in January 1944. From March until late May, the battalion fought in the Battle of Anzio, enduring terrible conditions and fighting in trench warfare, similar to that on Western Front nearly 30 years before. They later fought in the breakout from the Anzio beachhead, Operation Diadem and the subsequent capture of Rome. On 3 June 1944 Sergeant Maurice Albert Windham Rogers was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross, the first and only to be awarded to the regiment during the Second World War. Eventually the battalion, as well as the rest of the brigade and the 5th Division would be withdrawn from the Italian Campaign and sent to Palestine, where they would remain for the rest of the year, training and absorbing replacements, mainly from anti-aircraft gunners retrained as infantrymen. However, the 5th Division instead joined the British Second Army, at the time fighting on the Western Front, to participate in the final drive into Germany in April 1945. They took part in the Elbe River crossing as well as the encirclement of Army Group B. When hostilities ended on 8 May 1945, they were at Lübeck on the Baltic Sea. The Battalion moved to Einbeck on 1 July and settled down to occupation duties. As the official history reads, "So ended a journey of over 25,000 miles through nearly six years of war."

Paragraph 30: After Aashiqui, Roy signed a number of films. Apart from Junoon, most of them did not work. A lot of the films he had signed ended up being shelved.  K.Balachander's project Dilon Ka Rishta never saw the light due to the death of producer R. C. Prakash; another important project, Ayudh, was hit by the director's untimely death. Among other films shelved were Premabhishek, Tune Mera Dil Le Liya with Raveena Tandon, N. R. Pachisia's Dil Diya Chori Chori with Karishma Kapoor, Balwant Dullat's Phir Kabhi, Mahesh Bhatt's Kalyug, Harry Baweja's Vajra with Raveena Tandon and Shilpa Shirodkar and Jab Jab Dil Mile with Karishma Kapoor and Nagma.