Paragraph 1: The mere fact this litigation took over 12 years to conclude demonstrates the legal complexities at work in this area. The decision of the House of Lords in Sharp v Thomson had provoked some of the largest academic response to a case in living memory and as a similar case to Sharp, Burnetts Trustee's was also scrutinised. In the appeal to the House of Lords, Lord Rodger of Earlsferry and Lord Hope of Craighead, the Scottish law lords in the House of Lords gave important judgments (NB: judgments not judgements) concerning the application of the publicity principle. Lord Hope noted:"This simple view of the case tends to suggest that the situation in which the appellants [ie: the Graingers] now find themselves is unfair. They paid the price for the subjects [ie: the house in Peterculter] to which they obtained entry in exchange for delivery of the disposition on the date of settlement [ie: the date of entry]. They are now being told that the subjects are vested in the respondent [ie: Ms Burnett's Trustee] and that they can no longer acquire a good title to them." [Brackets added] However, Lord Hope then went on to state the necessity of registration of dispositions: "Registration in the Land Register of Scotland under the Land Registration (Scotland) Act 1979 [see now Land Registration (Scotland) Act 2012] has taken the place of the final step, which it was always necessary to take to transfer the real right, of symbolical delivery of the land by sasine and the recording of a notarial instrument or its modern equivalents in the General Register of Sasines. Section 3(1) of the 1979 Act [See now s.50 of the 2012 Act] provides that registration shall have the effect of vesting in the person registered as entitled to the registered interest a real right in the land in so far as the right is capable of being vested as a real right. It preserves the rule that delivery of the disposition does not of itself transfer the real right in the property. That rule applies to every transaction by which ownership in land is passed from one person to another. It is not confined to sale, although it is in contracts for the sale of the land that most transactions which lead to the transfer of ownership in land have their origin." [Underlines and brackets added]Lord Hope went on to find that the Grainger's had not obtained the real right of ownership because they had not registered the disposition granted to them. Therefore: "The real right in the property of which Mrs Burnett was the beneficial owner remained vested in her at the date when the permanent trustee's notice of title was recorded in the Sasine Register. The only qualifications on that right were of a personal character." This meant that the Graingers only held a personal right against Ms Burnett's trustee rather than any real right of ownership in the house at Peterculter itself. Only registration of the disposition would have created the real right, the Graingers did not have ownership of the house despite living in it. Lord Rodger notes: "The decision of the Extra Division [of the Inner House] is correct. But it shocks. It is important not to play down that sense of shock since admitting that the decision shocks, and identifying why, are the keys to explaining why it is also correct." [ Underlines and brackets added]Lord Rodger explains: "At the time when Mrs Burnett was sequestrated, the appellants were disponees to whom the disponer had delivered the disposition but who had not yet recorded it in the register and were accordingly not yet infeft [ie: they did not have ownership]" [brackets added]Because of the nature of the race to the register (see above), this meant that: " the respondent [Ms Burnett's Trustee] has done nothing more than take advantage of the mistake or error of his rivals, the appellants [the Graingers], in failing to get off their mark and record the disposition from Mrs Burnett promptly. Even once their agents had become aware that her estate had been sequestrated and that the respondent had been appointed as permanent trustee, for whatever reason, they failed to act. In retrospect at least, that was a mistake, since it allowed the respondent to record his notice of title before the appellants. As the authorities show, even although the respondent was well aware that the appellants held a disposition from Mrs Burnett, he was fully entitled to take advantage of their mistake by recording the notice of title and so completing the diligence by acquiring the real right in the subjects for the creditors."[brackets added] Accordingly, Ms Burnett's trustee had won the race to the register. He had ownership of the property.

Paragraph 2: In May 2003, Fast Crew released the single "I Got" which spent 23 weeks on the New Zealand Top 40 Singles Chart and achieved gold status. As a result of the success of "I Got", the group began to open for such international acts such as Busta Rhymes and Missy Elliott on their New Zealand tours and were signed as the first act on new independent central Auckland based record label AKrite Records, who entered into a deal with Universal Music to distribute the group's singles and album Set the Record Straight. "I Got" finished the year at No. 17 on the New Zealand Top 40 Chart for 2004.

Paragraph 3: Cobbett (b 1847), a lover and amateur performer of chamber music, had founded the Cobbett Competition in 1905 for a short form of String Quartet composition or 'Phantasy', and for other short chamber works, prizes won variously by William Yeates Hurlstone (1876-1906, pianist) (1905), Frank Bridge (1908), John Ireland (1909), J. Cliffe Forrester (1916), Harry Waldo Warner (viola of the London Quartet) (1916), York Bowen (1918) and Cecil Armstrong Gibbs (1919). In 1921 he was offering further awards to Royal Academy and Royal College of Music graduates, and commissioned many new chamber works from English composers. Cobbett led his own string quartet in two productions for the NGS, which he paid for himself, but beyond this his involvement in its activities was minimal. 

Paragraph 4:  The Night Master (voiced by David Hemblen) – Billed as a "Dark Overlord in an Evil Class All By Himself", the Night Master is a very powerful and dangerous foe who was responsible for the near extinction of Woo Foo by eliminating all of the Woo Foo knights except for Master Yo. He tricked the world into thinking Woo Foo is dumb and giving it a bad reputation to prevent anyone from learning it to be use against him. The Sensei managed to turn Night Master's army to stone and sent him into hiding for a hundred years until he tricked Yin and Yang into using Woo Foo in order to free his army. The Night Master appears to be a demonic sorcerer bat (as such, he hates light) of some description and has a liking for "gothically" ostentatious outfits. The Night Master is very intelligent, though his plans typically fail because of the stupidity of his minions and his own ego gets the better of him causing him to underestimate his enemies. Another reason of his downfall was because if he had killed Yin and Yang at the start, he feared that Yo would train another group of Woo Foo warriors that would be more competent than the two and he was waiting for the right moment to kill them and Yo at the same time. He is considered to be the actual main villain throughout the series, even though Carl appeared in most of the episodes, while Carl was the main villain since the first season. As revealed in "The Pecking Order", he is one of an eternal line of Night Masters alongside Eradicus and an unnamed cobra-like woman. His real name (since "Night Master" is a title) has not yet been revealed. Ever since his defeat, the other villains have been developing their evil in an attempt to become the new Night Master. Also since his defeat, the reputation of Woo Foo is slowly recovering. It is stated that if the series had a season 3, Woo Foo would have many Woo Foo students and thus completely undid the Night Master's years of planning. Night Master's appearance is similar to Aku of Samurai Jack fame and Hades from Hercules.

Paragraph 5: Mo, who previously lived in Walford, returns there after almost forty years away, with her son-in-law, Charlie Slater (Derek Martin) and granddaughters, Lynne Slater (Elaine Lordan), Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace), Little Mo Morgan (Kacey Ainsworth) and Zoe Slater (Michelle Ryan), although Zoe is later revealed to be Kat’s secret daughter, making her Mo’s great-granddaughter. Mo's rivalry with her former best friend Pat Evans (Pam St Clement) arises, but they reconcile at the grave of Mo's former husband and Pat's brother, Jimmy Harris (Alex King). Much of Mo's time is spent selling poor quality stolen goods and she trades with Fat Elvis (Shenton Dixon). She is assisted by Mickey (Joe Swash) and Darren Miller (Charlie G. Hawkins) and for a while sets up a sex chatline. She also works with Charlie's great-niece and her adoptive granddaughter, Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner), on her market stall, selling clothes. She has a brief relationship with Bert Atkinson (Dave Hill), but ends it because Bert is also seeing her friend, Ina Foot (Ina Clare). They reconcile, but break up again when Bert's ex-wife, Evie Brown (Marji Campi), arrives in Walford, terminally ill. Mo begins selling cigarettes that she bought in Spain and two of her customers turn out to be Revenue and Customs officers. She is sentenced to 100 hours of community service, for tax evasion. After Stacey marries Bradley Branning (Charlie Clements), Mo tries to sell their wedding gifts.

Paragraph 6: Australia were set 240 to win, but Tyson had Arthur Morris caught for 4 by Colin Cowdrey. As "Les Favell got going, his wicket went tumbling", bowled for 30 by Bob Appleyard. Neil Harvey and Richie Benaud took the score to 75/2 by stumps and over 50,000 supporters came on the fifth day to see them knock off the remaining runs, but what they got was "the fastest and most frightening sustained spell of fast bowling seen in Australia". as Tyson sent Australia crashing to 111 all out – the dreaded Triple Nelson – and England won by 128 runs. Australia added only 36 runs that morning as Tyson took 6/16 off 6.3 eight-ball overs, 7/27 in the innings, hurtling down from the Richmond End and slightly into the breeze, but at enormous pace. The first wicket to fall was "a phenomenal piece of cricket" described by Neville Cardus as "Harvey flicked the seventh ball of the morning (from Tyson) round the corner and this time Evans dived full length to the right, clutching the ball in his out-stretched glove". Evans had anticipated Harvey's stroke and had moved to leg before making his "prodigious leap"  and "thought this almost his best catch". Richie Benaud chopped the ball onto his stumps trying to hook, Keith Miller managed to block four shooters in a row from Statham, edging the last for four through his pads, but at the other end saw the ball ricochet off the shoulder of his bat, and deflect off Len Hutton's outstretched hand for Bill Edrich to leap backwards and take the catch. Graeme Hole in his final Test innings, edged Brian Statham behind to Evans, Len Maddocks couldn't repeat his first innings heroics and was bowled first ball by a Tyson yorker that he dug out, only to see it spin back into his wicket. Ray Lindwall, fearing a Tyson bouncer after Sydney, played back to a full-length ball and was lbw for a second ball duck, Ron Archer made 15 before he was bowled by a Statham yorker, and Bill Johnston lasted only three balls before he hung his bat outside off-stump and was caught behind off Tyson to end the innings on 111, with captain Ian Johnson unbeaten with 4. The match finished well before lunch and the Melbourne Cricket Club caterers were left with thousands of unsold meat pies as the crowd deserted the ground.

Paragraph 7: In G. sila the breeding season is initiated in April and lasts into or through June. Male and female pairs are commonly seen together and often occupying the same burrow systems. In June and July, 2-6 eggs averaging  are laid. Environmental conditions may influence the number of clutches females produce each year, but they usually lay only one clutch. After about a two-month incubation period, the young hatch. They range in size at birth from , excluding tail. Some young blunt-nosed leopard lizards may grow to double their hatching size prior to their first winter. During the breeding season, females are recognized by the bright red-orange markings on the sides of the head and body and the undersides of the thighs and tail. Males may also develop a color of salmon to bright rusty-red over the entire undersides of the body and limbs. This new coloring may continue indefinitely in males. Male and female blunt-nosed leopard lizards exhibit several different physical behaviors. The simple headbob is a single, vertical motion of only the head whereas the pushup involves an up and down movement of the forelimbs and a headbob. Rocking and fighting displays are restricted to males. Rocking involves rotating the head and shoulders in a forward, circular motion. When one male encounters another, it exhibits a threat-challenge display. It consists of inflating the body, extending the hind limbs, arching the back, and performing pushups in rapid succession. Two fighting males will align side by side while facing in opposite directions. Each will then attempt to bite the other as they lash their tails and jump toward each other. Females exhibit a rejection posture when a male attempts copulation. With back arched, body inflated, limbs extended, and mouth open, she always faces the male or moves to orient herself laterally to the male.

Paragraph 8: Hector Federico "Rico" Diaz (1974–2049), played by Freddy Rodriguez, is the extremely skilled restorative artist who later becomes a partner in the business.  In 1992, Rico's father Mauricio slipped on the roof and landed face-first in a pile of bricks next to the house. Rico and his mother Lilia went to the Fisher funeral home for burial, and to Rico's shock, Nathaniel Fisher Sr. (who then owned and operated the home) had made his father look just as he was before the accident. Rico struck up a friendship with Nathaniel, who paid for his education and hired him as a restorative artist. They remained close until Nathaniel's death. Rico married his high school sweetheart, Vanessa and had two children. Federico graduated from Cypress College in 1997 with a degree in Mortuary Science. Rico is considered one of the best in the business, and is briefly lured away by a funeral home chain called Kroehner Services International, before he realizes he has become just another over-worked employee. He returns to work with David and Nate, though often resenting his status within the business. Although Rico and Vanessa struggle for money, they receive inheritance from an elderly neighbor and Rico buys 25% of Fisher & Sons, becoming Fisher & Diaz Funeral Home. Rico becomes involved with a stripper and is thrown out by his wife. He is devastated by the breakdown of his marriage, however he and Vanessa eventually reconcile. Federico is frequently in conflict with the Fishers over the direction of the business. After the death of Nate, Federico is pondering his future with Fisher & Diaz when he hears about a mortuary in the area for sale. David and Keith purchase Rico's 25% and Federico and Vanessa go on to establish the Diaz Family Mortuary in 2005, where he serves the community for 35 years before retiring. Rico dies in 2049 at age 75 on a cruise ship apparently of a heart attack while at his wife's side. He leaves behind his wife Vanessa, his sons Julio and Augusto and his three grandchildren: Emily, Celestina and Vincent.

Paragraph 9: The pages used in books from this period also pose their own concerns.  There were three main materials used for the pages of books in this time period: papyrus, parchment or vellum, and paper (Alexander 35).  Papyrus was the primary writing material of the ancient world, and was created by beating stalks of the papyrus reed together until the fibers in the plant formed a tight, almost woven structure.  Because it did not provide a stable surface for paint, this sort of paper was very rarely used for illuminated manuscripts.  As for the paper most people would recognize today, the first true example was created in China around 105 A.D. using beaten, strained, and dried vegetable fibers such as tree bark.  However, this paper was very expensive and generally had to be imported at the time that illuminated manuscripts were being widely made, so it appears less often than the third alternative, parchment (Permanence/Durability of the Book 11).  It is worth noting that those manuscripts with paper pages are much harder to conserve, and the acids present in the plant fibers naturally cause it to yellow and break down over time.  This process is irreversible, but can be slowed and limited by controlling the temperature, humidity, and light exposure of the paper.  Turning to the final option, we reach the most common form of page used in illuminated manuscripts.  Parchment and vellum are both made of very fine, prepared and treated animal skins that have been dried in a manner which leaves them flexible.  The difference between them is that vellum is usually made with either goat, pig, or calf skin, while parchment is made from sheep skin (Langwell 44).  Parchment provides an ideal surface for illumination, and was even placed into books which used other page materials in patches to allow for a good painting or illuminating surface (Alexander 35).  This prevalent use of parchment provides some of the historical significance of illuminated manuscripts.  The different kinds of hide used can be DNA tested with modern equipment, and often tell historians what area the book is from and sometimes where the hide was sourced from, mapping trade routes and patterns otherwise lost to history.  There is one key conservation problem with parchment and vellum that was discovered even while it was being widely used: it is very susceptible to water damage.  Not only does it mold quickly in high humidity environments, but early forms of ink that were commonly used on papyrus could simply be washed off without leaving a trace.  It is believed that "Iron gall inks were devised to overcome this disadvantage," however even these inks can be wiped off fairly thoroughly if they are scrubbed (Langwell 43).

Paragraph 10: Bruce's first broadcasts were from Scotland when he took over the presentation of Radio 2 Ballroom from Scotland after the death of Radio Scotland's announcer/presenter of Scottish Dance Music programmes, David Findlay. He presented Radio 2 Ballroom programmes regularly from November 1980 until 1982. He became a stand-in presenter on Radio 2, mainly covering for Ray Moore on the Early show. Bruce also presented shows for Radio Scotland from London. Bruce became a regular presenter for Radio 2 in January 1984 when he assumed hosting duties for the Saturday late night show in addition to his continuing show on Radio Scotland.

Paragraph 11: The Flint Journal was founded in 1876 during Flint's booming lumber years by Charles Fellows and Washington Irving Beardsley as a weekly newspaper The Journal's main competitors at the time were the Wolverine Citizen, The Genesee Democrat and The Flint Globe. The paper was sold in rapid succession to Doctor Carman, who sold ownership in December 1882 to George McConnolly and others until the Journal was purchased by the Flint Globe's owner, Howard H. Fitzgerald, and merged as the Weekly Globe and Daily Journal. The Booth Publishing Company, owned by Ralph H. Booth of Detroit, along with his brothers George and Edmund,  purchased ownership of the Weekly Globe and Daily Journal in 1911. In 1919, the Journal had a paid circulation of 25,947, giving it the 4th largest paid circulation of any evening newspaper in the state.  By the early 1920s, the Journal had not only consolidated with the Globe but also the Flint Daily News. In July 1922, the Journal entered the field of radio broadcasting, becoming partners with local broadcaster Frank D. Fallain to put Flint's first station, WEAA, on the air. The newspaper was known as the Flint Daily Journal until 1935, when its name was shortened to the Flint Journal.

Paragraph 12: The Republicans were divided into four columns covering the road between the flanks of two opposite hills of the valley. The center was defended by the infantry, which numbered 662 men and the dismounted Carabinier Corps of the "Álvárez" Brigade. General Márquez's units were split in two divisions; one, made of the combined brigades of Ponciano Castro and Juan Vicario commanded by and named after the latter as Division "Vicario" and the second, also a joint division of "Márquez" was put together of the brigades of Herrán and José G. Campos (although the troops were tired after a four-day 150 km march to Potrero. Herrán held the bridge on the Rio Blanco on the right flank with 50 fusiliers and had two columns as rear guard. The center was the same riflemen as the Republicans had led by Vicario covered by two columns of skirmishers and Campos guarded the left wing with one line of backup. The battle started slowly with none of the parties taking any risk and pushing back-and-forth within the firing range until finally at 5 p.m. the Republicans received major support from the main Eastern Army. Infantry Colonel José Mariano Rojo reached the battlefield with 1,100 fresh soldiers and launched a mixed frontal assault breaking the center of Márquez involving the "Hidalgo Battalion" and the Sappers Bataillon of San Luis. Herrán on the right was able to hold his position against a smaller mixed division of the Morelia pickets and repulse the attack. At this moment Eugène Lefèvre and his 99th Regiment from Ingenio ran 20 km within four hours in a hurry to intervene just in time. The French plunged into the Republican left wing and crushed it. General Vicario had already been wounded in the struggle and Herran was reinvigorated by the presence of the 99th Regiment that helped to hold the bridge. The three companies on the right, preceded by skirmishers pushed the center and left of the enemy vigorously with a bayonet charge and drove away his cavalry while the three companies heading to the left flank climbed the slopes despite the brisk fire. This momentum relieved the cavalry of General Marquez, who passed behind the French infantry and charged vigorously the enemy's left. The success of the fight was already assured, but this maneuver did fall into hands of the French and their auxiliaries a considerable number of prisoners. The pursuit of the withdrawing Republicans distracted by an unexpected infantry offense from the left.  Afraid of being cut off and surrounded the French coloumn stopped and initiated a bayonet raid. Captain Herran and his French brigades passed the bridge and chased the Republicans to their camp. They reunited with the reactionist left wing who also pursued the remnants of the Eastern Army and taking the place of the center only stopped at Venta of San Diego when the night came. After one hour of fight hostilities were terminated at 6:15, the Mexicans were in full retreat, along with the main Republican Army, with whom they retired to San Agustín del Palmar.

Paragraph 13: The sleeper serves mainly to keep the wearer warm at night, even in the absence of blankets and bed covers.  The sleeper covers the entire body except for the head (except in certain cases where a hood is present) and (in most cases) hands (except in cases where a sleeper has attached mitts, mostly on infant sizes), where it is snug at the neck and wrists.  The use of a zipper closure in place of buttons or snap fasteners also further retains warmth by eliminating drafts.  This is especially important for infants, for whom loose blankets may pose a safety hazard (including increasing the risk of SIDS), and possibly for older children, who may still be too young to be relied upon to keep their own sleepwear or bed covers adjusted so as to prevent exposure to the air of bare skin.  This is reflected in advertisements by blanket sleeper manufacturers, which often emphasize that their garments "can't be kicked off", or that "no other covers are needed". The permanently attached feet can also be a beneficial feature for children who are prone to get out of bed in the morning before their parents are awake, and are too young to be relied upon to put on slippers or other footwear to keep their feet warm, as well as for adults who find putting on, and/or wearing socks in bed too bothersome, yet still want their feet covered when getting out of bed in the morning.  Blanket sleepers without feet allow more room for growth and reduce the possibility of slipping.  Also, children with larger or smaller feet find a better fit.

Paragraph 14: An old friend, Henri Beaumont de Sainte-Marie, recognized Surratt and notified papal officials and the US minister in Rome, Rufus King. Henri was introduced to John Surratt and Louis Weichmann in April 1863 at St. Joseph's Catholic School in the town then known as Ellengowan or Little Texas (now a part of Cockeysville, Maryland) by Father Mahoney.  Henri taught at the school for five months in 1863 having been hired by Fr. Mahoney at the request of Maria Padian. Although Canadian, Henri wanted to join the Confederate Army when the Civil War broke out.  Henri traveled to New York and boarded a ship that was to run the blockade of the Southern States.  “The ship, however, was captured by a United States war steamer and Sainte Marie with his fellow voyagers was thrown into Fort McHenry as a prisoner of war.” Henri was released through the intervention of the English Consul since he was a British subject.  Henri was then stranded in Baltimore with little money and his plan was to move into a cheap boarding house and get a job to earn some money.  Fate intervened and “one day an old farmer living in the country outside of Baltimore came to his place.”   Henri related his misfortunes to the old farmer, who took mercy on him and gave him a job on his farm.  Henri accepted the job offer.  It was on this farm that Maria Padian “happened to pay a visit to Sainte Marie’s benefactor to collect money for the church at Little Texas.”   Maria was a very active member of St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, not only visiting to collect money for the church, but also a member of the ‘Texas Fancy Table’ at the 1895 Church Fair, and even donating a stained glass window.   Maria was also the daughter of Richard Padian for whom Padonia Road, as well as the old North Central Railroad stop Padonia Station, was named. By all accounts, Maria, single and for whom most eligible men her age were off fighting in the Civil War, was bowled over by Henri and strongly “captivated with his polished manners, good looks, handsome brown eyes, refined conversation, and general education, and listened early to the recital of his adventures.” and made a plea to Fr. Mahoney to hire her new friend for the school.    

Paragraph 15: The idea for the plants in "Zero Hour" came from Brad Wright, who in season four had the notion of the SG being overrun with plant life and the gate being literally buried under foliage. For "Icon", one of the locations used was a house built in the early 1900s. Like "Birthright" one year before, exterior scenes for "Sacrifices" were filmed at High Point Properties in Langley, British Columbia. The Goa'uld ceremonial tent in the episode was designed to be re-usable, with the concept loosely based on the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul. "Reckoning", in which Carter attempts to open the Ancient Wall, was filmed at a sound stage at NorCo Studios, a former bicycle factory. The ventilation is questionable, and when the director decided to add smoke for the light to catch to give a dramatic dusty air feeling, the oxygen supply decreased, which made acting harder. Daniel's class room in "Moebius" were shot in the conference room of the Outer Limits production at Bridge Studios near the set of SG-1. SG-1 crew members had originally scouted a real school but lost that location. Carter's office room in the same episode was right down the hall from the conference room.Stargate SG-1 was shot in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. As Vancouver is still developing, Tynehead Park is one of the few locations where the SG-1 team can still film alien locations. Other Vancouver locations include a set of roads at a Vancouver airport for the episode "Full Alert". The roads were closed to regular traffic so that the filming could take place without police escorts and other difficulties that come from blocking traffic. Desert locations were shot at the Richmond Sand Dunes, a cement factory that is slowly using up all the sand. What is seen in the "Moebius" desert is all that is left of the dune. The horse shoe form of the dune had been established by another television project called Legend of Earthsea. O'Neill's house, which was first seen in season one, was used in two episodes in season eight, "Full Alert" and "Citizen Joe". Since the house is inhabited in real life, the producers have looked for alternatives, but so far have been unsuccessful. For "Zero Hour", the SGC set was decorated with various plants and vines. Some plants were plastic, but for the torching scenes, real plants were used so as to minimize the risk of a fire. All objects on set were sprayed with flame-retardant chemicals.TV Zone Special issue #S58, page 26-27.

Paragraph 16: PA 283 begins at an at-grade intersection with Eisenhower Boulevard north of the borough of Highspire in Lower Swatara Township in Dauphin County; Eisenhower Boulevard heads south to provide access to PA 230. From this intersection, the route heads northeast as a four-lane divided highway and intersects I-283 at a partial cloverleaf interchange; I-283 heads south to connect to the Harrisburg East interchange of I-76 (Pennsylvania Turnpike). East of I-283, the road becomes a freeway and the median widens as it continues to the east, passing through a mix of farm fields and residential and commercial development. PA 283 meets the northern terminus of Airport Connector freeway connecting to Harrisburg International Airport at a trumpet interchange which also provides access to PA 441 via an eastbound exit and westbound entrance. Past this interchange, the freeway runs between industrial areas to the north and farms and woods to the south, reaching a diamond interchange with North Union Street that indirectly connects to Fulling Mill Road. The route comes to a bridge over the Middletown and Hummelstown Railroad and the Swatara Creek, at which point it enters Londonderry Township. PA 283 meets Vine Street at a partial cloverleaf interchange in a business area; Vine Street provides access to the borough of Middletown to the south and the borough of Hummelstown to the north. Past this interchange, the freeway curves south-southeast through wooded areas with some fields and homes, passing over I-76 (Pennsylvania Turnpike). The route continues southeast through rural areas and passes over PA 341 before it curves east and comes to a partial cloverleaf interchange with Toll House Road which connects to PA 341 to the north and PA 230 to the south. At this point, eastbound PA 283 becomes concurrent with eastbound PA 341 Truck. The freeway heads east through farmland with some woods and homes, crossing into Conewago Township and curving to the east-southeast.

Paragraph 17: An unusual feature of Gale is an enormous mound of "sedimentary debris" around its central peak, officially named Aeolis Mons (popularly known as "Mount Sharp") rising  above the northern crater floor and  above the southern crater floor—slightly taller than the southern rim of the crater itself. The mound is composed of layered material and may have been laid down over a period of around 2 billion years. The origin of this mound is not known with certainty, but research suggests it is the eroded remnant of sedimentary layers that once filled the crater completely, possibly originally deposited on a lakebed. Evidence of fluvial activity was observed early on in the mission at the Shaler outcrop (first observed on Sol 120, investigated extensively between Sols 309-324). Observations made by the rover Curiosity at the Pahrump Hills strongly support the lake hypothesis: sedimentary facies including sub mm-scale horizontally-laminated mudstones, with interbedded fluvial crossbeds are representative of sediments which accumulate in lakes, or on the margins of lakes which grow and contract in response to lake-level. These lake-bed mudstones are referred to as the Murray Formation, and form a significant amount of the Mount Sharp group. The Siccar Point group (named after the famous unconformity at Siccar Point) overlies the Mount Sharp group, and the two units are separated by a major unconformity which dips toward the North. At present, the Stimson formation is the only stratigraphic unit within the Siccar Point group which has been investigated in-detail by Curiosity. The Stimson formation represents the preserved expression of a dry aeolian dune field, where sediment was transported towards the north, or northeast by palaeowinds within the crater. In the Emerson plateau area (from Marias Pass, to East Glacier), the outcrops are characterised predominantly by simple cross-sets, deposited by simple sinuous-crested dunes, with heights up to ~10 m. To the south, at the Murray buttes, the outcrop are characterised by compound cross-sets, with a hierarchy of bounding surfaces migration of small dunes superimposed on the lee-slope of a large dune known as a "draa". These draas have estimates heights of ~40 m, and migrated toward the north, while superimposed dunes migrated toward the east-northeast. Further to the south, at the Greenheugh pediment, compound and simple cross-sets consistent with aeolian depositional processes have been observed in the pediment capping unit. Observations made during the ascent of the Greenheugh pediment between Sols 2665-2734 demonstrated that the pediment capping unit has sedimentary textures, facies and architecture that are consistent with the rest of the Stimson formation. Furthermore, analysis of sedimentary facies and architecture provided evidence which indicates fluctuating wind directions, from a seasonal temporal scale - recorded by interstratified windripple and avalanche strata, through to millennial time scales recorded by reversal of the sediment transport direction. These wind reversals suggest variable and changeable atmospheric circulation during this time.

Paragraph 18: Former Vice President Amrullah Saleh and Ahmad Massoud, son of former anti-Soviet Mujahideen commander Ahmad Shah Massoud, have vowed to resist the Taliban from Panjshir, which repelled both Soviet forces and the Taliban in the 1980s and 1990s.  The Alliance has claimed to "Retake Districts in Northeast Afghanistan"  on August 22 led by former military, special forces, police and more. The Biden administration has not publicly answered the plea made by Ahmad Massoud in a op-ed in The Washington Post for help restocking the anti-Taliban forces with supplies. On 25 August 2021, it was revealed that a delegation of Panjshir resistance forces in the nearby Parwan city of Charikar were holding talks with a Taliban delegation and that the Taliban by this point ceased blocking routes to the Panjshir Valley "after one or a maximum of two days." On September 6, 2021, Taliban claims to have overtaken the insurgents holding out in Panjshir Valley and killed Fahim Dashty, spokesperson of Ahmad Massoud's resistance front However, Resistance fighters were still confirmed to be present in the Panjshir Valley. On September 9, 2021, Ali Maisam Nazary, the Resistance's foreign relations head, denied reports of full Taliban control of the Panjshir province, stating that 60% was still under National Resistance Front control. Claims of full Taliban control were further refuted when reporters from Iran's Tasnim News Agency were able to visit the Valley on 11 September and interview not only a Taliban fighter but also a local NRF fighter stationed in the area. Despite Taliban claims of calm in the Valley, Tasnim News Agency also reported that some local residents were fleeing in anticipation of future military clashes. In an interview which was published on 21 September 2021, Ahmad Wali Massoud told TRT World journalist Samuel Ramani that the Resistance still controls much of the Valley and stated that the Taliban, which he described as "leaderless," had a weaker hold than it appeared.

Paragraph 19: On the morning of November 29, 1738 the nonzolo the Shrine of Our Lady of Castelmonte, complained that he had found that morning opened the doors of the sanctuary and has verified the theft of sacred objects. The track for the identification of the thief was already the next day, when it appeared in the chapter of Cividale Paravano George, dean of the village of Codromaz, carrying a piece of candlestick and black skirt with a button thread color "monkish". Veliscigh Michele, one of the two boys, had reported that the button that seemed to come from the habit of the cleric Martin, his brother, who was living at the sanctuary. Fled from the castle, in the Veneto region, the two thieves were so direct in imperial territory, surpassing with end in the valley of Idrija, where they stayed for some time, and they headed the investigation, the chapter entrusted to the archdeacon Tolmin. Towards the end of December Martino Veliscigh, after hearing being sought, he sent a letter to the dean of Idria trying to distance himself and his brother Andrea suspected of being responsible for the theft, but also gave the track to retrieve objects . The investigations launched in the meantime had identified in Gorizia the Jew who had bought silver. The April 17, 1739 came from Tolmin the news of the capture and imprisonment of deacon Martino Veliscigh. The situation returned to move in 1748, calling into question other authorities, the nuncio bridges fi ce at Vienna and the Roman Curia. Addressing the nuncio the Veliscigh, from Albana, where he had retired with his father, he wrote that he had been released from jail and later from captivity for intervention of Our Lady of the Turks and asked to be acquitted of the charges, because Austrian subject and you want to be ordained priest. This was confirmed by Rome on December 5. For the chapter had trouble, because asking ordination and damages. The matter is closed them, while the chapter was to conduct a new investigation into the responsibility of the theft that was being laid to fabbricieri in office in 1739, in particular to the canon treasurer Carlo Boiani, to which the result was announced, not that we know of other developments. But the story of Martin did not end there, Mattia Crisetigh, with whom our Martino has a violent clash triggers the start of another process by the chapter.

Paragraph 20: In early 2013, Connie deals with the guilt she feels for causing the accident that left Trey brain-dead. She is initially resistant to take Trey off of life-support, but Sonny is able to convince her it is the right thing to do. As Connie reveals she wanted to get to know her son, Sonny is surprised and amazed that Connie is developing a compassionate side. They both start to develop feelings for each other, and sleep together on Valentine's Day. That night Connie tells Sonny that for the first time in her life, she was truly happy. Then Kate reemerges and is shocked to find Sonny in bed with Connie. Sonny and Olivia tell her everything she missed in the 5 months Connie was in control. Connie is revealed to have control again and vows revenge against Sonny for sleeping with Kate. Connie goes to the book launch at The Floating Rib, where she eventually tells the crowd that Molly is the actual author. Sonny catches up with her, though, and convinces Connie to check into Shadybrook. Kate returns to Sonny and said she is integrated and will go by Connie and loves him but can't be with him. Soon afterwards, Connie decides to return to Crimson and focus on her work again. While fully integrated, she convinces Maxie that she can have her old job back. She then begins to get closer with Olivia and reveals she is still in love with Sonny. In June 2013, Olivia is accidentally shot by an unknown assailant, who was targeting Franco. While fearing for her cousin's life, Connie confesses her lingering feelings for Sonny, but fears he may have feelings for Olivia instead. In July 2013, Olivia begins staying with Sonny to recuperate, and Connie decides to get Sonny back before she loses him to Olivia. Connie then goes to Sonny's house and tells him that she wants to be with him. Olivia promptly decides to move out of Sonny's house so he and Connie can rekindle their relationship. In August 2013, in order to save her newspaper, Connie publishes a story about Kiki Jerome (Kristen Alderson) not being Franco (Roger Howarth)'s daughter, after promising Sonny she wouldn't. Connie overhears Olivia admitting her feelings for Sonny. Connie overhears her boss Julian Jerome (deVry)—under the alias of Derek Wells—talking on the phone and referring to himself as Julian. In August 2013, Sonny finds Connie shot in her office. Before she dies, she writes in blood the letters "AJ." It was later revealed that she was shot and killed by Ava Jerome (West) after it was revealed that Connie found out about Derek Wells being Julian Jerome, and Ava's connection with him. In 2018, Connie (Ward) appears via Ava's subconscious, where she confronts Ava, reminding her of her actions. Two years later, Connie appears to Julian, alongside Duke Lavery (Ian Buchanan).

Paragraph 21: When the Federal (Union) troops reached the vicinity of Chester Station they were divided into two wings. The left wing, commanded by Maj. O. S. Sanford of the 7th Connecticut Infantry, moved up the railroad toward Chester Station, where the 6th Connecticut Infantry was engaged in tearing up the track, and remained there for about an hour, when orders came to join the other column on the turnpike below. Here the right wing, commanded by Col. C. J. Dobbs of the 13th Indiana Infantry, had encountered a force of Confederates too large to overcome, and Dobbs sent back for reinforcements. In the meantime he formed line of battle with his own regiment on the left, the 169th New York Infantry on the right, one section of the 1st Connecticut battery in front, supported by a detachment of the 67th Ohio Infantry, and awaited the onset. The Confederates, with infantry, cavalry and artillery, advanced, and when they were within easy range Dobbs gave the command to fire. A tremendous volley from his entire line checked the Confederate advance, and a second threw them into confusion, compelling them to retire for the purpose of reforming their lines. At this juncture Sanford arrived with the left wing and went into position with the 6th Connecticut Infantry on the right of the road and the 7th on the left as supports to the advanced lines. Two companies of the 7th Connecticut Infantry were sent forward to support a battery, and the remainder of the regiment moved up to the top of the hill and opened fire on the Confederate's left, driving them back to the woods. One of the guns of the 4th New Jersey battery was abandoned by the men, and an effort to capture this piece was thwarted by this regiment, Sanford sending Lieut. Barker with Co. K to bring in the gun, which he did in the face of a galling fire. The 7th New Hampshire Infantry came up and went into position just as the Confederates advanced again, having been reinforced, and again they were allowed to come within easy range, when they were greeted with a murderous fire from both artillery and infantry. This settled the contest. After a vain endeavor to rally the shattered ranks the Confederate officers gave up the attempt and sought the cover of the woods. Gen. A. H. Terry, commanding the 1st division, 10th corps, arrived on the field after the action had begun, and during the latter part of the engagement directed the movements of the Union troops.

Paragraph 22: After the retirement of Brian McBride, Cooper was considered to be a potential long-term solution at striker for the national team. Cooper got his first cap and first goal for the national team on January 20, 2007, against Denmark where he scored a goal after coming on near the end of the game. He then appeared in a game against Guatemala, which was played in his MLS club's home stadium, Pizza Hut Park, as a second half sub. He was unable to take part in the 2007 Copa América after he was sidelined with a broken right tibia. On November 20, 2008, Cooper got his first World Cup Qualifying start and his first World Cup qualifying-round goal against Guatemala in the final game of the semifinal group stage. On July 18, 2009, Cooper took a boot to the chest from Roman Torres of Panama, resulting in a penalty kick which he took to put the U.S. through to the semifinal round of the CONCACAF Gold Cup. Five days later, Cooper scored near the end of the match against Honduras to give the U.S. a 2–0 lead and to put them safely into the final of the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup. He has a total of 10 international appearances (caps) with 4 goals.

Paragraph 23: Cognitive liberty, or the "right to mental self-determination", is the freedom of an individual to control their own mental processes, cognition, and consciousness. It has been argued to be both an extension of, and the principle underlying, the right to freedom of thought. Though a relatively recently defined concept, many theorists see cognitive liberty as being of increasing importance as technological advances in neuroscience allow for an ever-expanding ability to directly influence consciousness. Cognitive liberty is not a recognized right in any international human rights treaties, but has gained a limited level of recognition in the United States, and is argued to be the principle underlying a number of recognized rights.

Paragraph 24: In his Memoirs, which were compiled in 1911 near the end of his life, Massenet ascribes the creation of the role of Esclarmonde to a chance meeting with Sibyl Sanderson sometime in the spring of 1887. He recounts how he was astonished by the range and capacity of her voice, realizing at once that she was the perfect choice for the heroine of his new opera, which he had begun to compose at the end of 1886. It is almost certain, however, that he had received the libretto to Esclarmonde much earlier than that, and the meeting with Sybil Sanderson served rather as an additional catalyst – a stimulus to complete the opera. The work was commissioned as a spectacular event to open the Paris Exposition of 1889. During the most intensive period of creation in the summer of 1887, Massenet moved into the Grand Hotel in Vevey, where Miss Sanderson was also staying; there he rehearsed with her each evening the various sections of his new opera as he composed them. The opera was completed by the end of 1888, and stage rehearsals started at Opéra-Comique. Massenet dedicated the work to Sybil Sanderson in gratitude, allowing her signature to stand alongside his own in the manuscript of the score. Rodney Milnes suggests that Massenet's "passion for his leading lady resulted in some of his most chromatically tortuous erotic writing" while observing that the operatic events are "dispatched in just over two hours of music". Crichton notes also the skill of Massenet in writing for male voices - both the tenors Roland and Énéas, but also for the Bishop, the Emperor Phorcas and the King. He also points to the scoring of low instruments, where the bass clarinet and tuba show "an individual application of lessons well learned from the later parts of The Ring, used with a discretion unlikely to upset the general public of the day".

Paragraph 25: Meanwhile, although Emperor Taizu favored Liu greatly, Liu was becoming fearful of Emperor Taizu's increasingly erratic and cruel acts against other generals.  He became particularly alarmed in summer 909, when Emperor Taizu, on false reports by the officer Liu Han () that Wang Chongshi was in secret communications with Qi, forced Wang to commit suicide and slaughtered his family, replacing him with Liu Han.  Later in summer 909, when Emperor Taizu was considering putting Liu Zhijun in command of another campaign against Jin, he summoned Liu to him.  This alarmed Liu, and his brother Liu Zhiwan (), who was one of Emperor Taizu's guard commanders at Luoyang, also sent a secret letter to Liu Zhijun, opining that Emperor Taizu intended to kill him.  Shortly after, Liu Zhiwan requested to take his brothers and nephews to welcome Liu Zhijun, and Emperor Taizu agreed.  Shortly after, Liu Zhijun submitted to Qi and launched a surprise attack on Chang'an, capturing Liu Han and delivering him to Qi to be executed.  He then put a defense in at Tong Pass while requesting aid from both Qi and Jin.  Despite Liu Zhijun's rebelling against him, Emperor Taizu initially tried to maintain communications with Liu Zhijun, and his emissary to Liu Zhijun pointed out the great favors he had shown to Liu.  Liu responded that while he was appreciative, he was fearful of the same fate as Wang.  Even though Emperor Taizu then sent another communique stating that Liu was correct to have had Liu Han killed and that he regretted the death of Wang, Liu Zhijun did not respond again, so Emperor Taizu sent Yang Shihou and Liu Xun to attack Liu Zhijun.  Liu Xun quickly captured Tong Pass and took Liu Zhiwan and the other family members, who were on the way to Liu Zhijun's territory, captive.  Still, Emperor Taizu made another attempt to persuade Liu Zhijun to resubmit, by sending his nephew Liu Siye () to Zhongwu's capital Tong Prefecture () with Emperor Taizu's edict.  Liu Zhijun considered going to meet Emperor Taizu alone to apologize, but his brother Liu Zhiyan () opposed.  Shortly after, when Liu Zhijun's officer Nie Shang () surrendered Hua Prefecture (華州, in modern Weinan) to Yang, Liu Zhijun abandoned Tong Prefecture and fled to Fengxiang.  Li Maozhen greatly honored Liu Zhijun, bestowing him the high chancellor title of Zhongshu Ling (), but initially did not make him a military governor, believing that he could not carve territory out for Liu, but granting him a large stipend.

Paragraph 26: Haft program continued for three years, but it did not live up to Gaberlou. With the change of the management of the IRIB and consequently the different networks, whispers of change and transformation were heard in Haft. The three-week closure of the program fueled rumors, but Mahmoud Gaberlou attributed the closure to religious occasions and said the program would continue to work more vigorously from the second month of summer. He even complained about the rumors of his change, saying, "I have heard rumors in recent days and I complain about some media friends who spread these rumors without following up on the issue.  "Media people are expected to use knowledge beyond the yellow topics to critique a cinema analytical program and not get caught up in the yellow media topics."  But the yellow media issues were real, especially when Gholamreza Mirhosseini, the then director of IRIB TV3, said in an interview that changes to Haft Program were inevitable: "Changes in Network are inevitable, especially changes in the content of Haft Program, which according to the new approach IRIB TV3, based on recreation, entertainment and competition, will definitely change some of our programs."  Speculations began and many letters were raised for the implementation of Haft program, from Farzad Hassani to the return of Fereydoun Jeyrani and letters such as Mohammad Reza Shahidifard, Mansour Zabetian and Akbar Nabavi. Of course, these speculations were not limited to the performance of Haft, but the editor of this program was also the subject of many discussions in the media.  While the main ideas were based on the leadership of this program by one of the cinema people such as Mohammad-Reza Sharifinia, Mohammad Hossein Latifi, Rasul Sadr Ameli or Behrouz Afkhami, others also mentioned different letters such as Javad Shamaqdari and Hassan Abbasi. Finally, Gaberlou's departure from the program was confirmed, and finally, among all the options that were considered for the performance and editing of Haft, a final name was given, and in the end, Behrouz Afkhami, the prominent director of cinema, was chosen as the presenter and director of Haft. With the coming to power of Afkhami, the type of work and the method of the Haft programs underwent major changes. New sections Separating sections of dialogue, film review and screening, book introduction, film introduction, panel discussion, report and box office of world cinema, introduction of stage theaters, film competition with prize and photo novel section are the most important items of Haft Afkhami. With the beginning of this series of Haft program, at first, the program met with a positive reaction from viewers and cinema people, but this event soon disappeared and Haft, with Afkhami as the director and producer and Farasati as a regular critic, with reactions from  Faced with critics and filmmakers.

Paragraph 27: Viorel Năstase was born on 7 October 1953 in București, Romania and started to play football in the 1969–70 Divizia B season for Progresul București. In the following season he made his Divizia A debut on 7 October 1953 in a 2–1 away loss against Farul Constanța, having scored a total of 9 goals by the end of the season, being partner in the team's offence with Mircea Sandu. Afterwards he went to play for Steaua București for 8 seasons, in the first one taking part in the club's 1971–72 European Cup Winners' Cup campaign, playing five games as the team reached the quarter-finals by eliminating Hibernians and Barcelona against whom he scored three goals, being eliminated after 1–1 on aggregate on the away goal rule by Bayern Munich. He won two Divizia A titles with The Military Men in the 1975–76 and 1977–78 seasons, being used by coach Emerich Jenei in 21 matches in which he scored four goals in the first one and in 12 games in which he scored six goals in the second. He also helped Steaua win two Cupa României and played for the club in one more match against Barcelona in which he scored a goal from the 1977–78 UEFA Cup edition, however the game was lost with 5–1. He defected from Romania's communist regime to Switzerland where he asked for political asylum in 1979 after a game between Steaua and Young Boys Bern from the 1979–80 European Cup Winners' Cup. After being suspended one year from playing football which was a rule for players who defect from the Eastern Bloc to the West, he went to play in West Germany at Bundesliga club, 1860 Munich where he was the team's top-goalscorer in the 1980–81 season with 14 goals in 23 matches, including a hat-trick against Bayer Uerdingen, being partner in the offence with Rudi Völler, however the team relegated at the end of the season and also coach Carl-Heinz Rühl wanted to throw him out of the team before the start of the season because of his drunken escapades in bars. After playing two more games in the 1981–82 2. Bundesliga for 1860 Munich, he was transferred for 400.000 italian lira in Italy at Serie A club, Catanzaro where he was brought to replace Massimo Palanca, however during his three seasons spent at the club, of which the last was in Serie B, Năstase scored only three goals as his performance was affected by his excessive nightlife activity, getting drunk in parties and clubs. After three more games played in the 1984–85 Austrian Bundesliga season at SV Salzburg, Năstase retired from playing football at age 31. Viorel Năstase has a total of 193 matches and 86 goals scored in Divizia A, 23 matches and 14 goals scored in Bundesliga, 23 games and two goals scored in Serie A and 6 games played with four goals scored in European competitions.

Paragraph 28: Renowned in Indian literature and sacred texts, Chitrakoot, the abode of Lord Rama, Mother Sita and Lakshmana's of Shri Ram for eleven and a half years during the exile, is capable of purifying the human heart and attracting tourists with the charm of nature. Chitrakoot is a natural place which is famous for its spiritual importance along with natural scenery. A tourist is enthralled by the beautiful waterfalls, playful young deer and dancing peacocks, while a pilgrim is enthralled by taking a dip in Payaswani/Mandakini and engrossed in the dust of Kamadgiri. Chitrakoot region has been a living center of inspiration for cosmic consciousness since ancient times. Thousands of monks, sages and sages have attained high spiritual status here and have done their penance, sadhana, yoga, He has made a beneficial impact on the world through penance and various hard spiritual endeavors. Nature has very generously bestowed all its gifts on the region, which enables it to attract pilgrims and tourists from all over the world. Atri, Anusuya, Dattatreya, Maharishi Markandeya, Sarabhanga, Sutikshna and various other sages, saints, devotees and thinkers all spent their ages in this area and according to the experts, many such people are still doing penance in various caves and other areas here. . Thus the region has a spiritual fragrance, which permeates the entire atmosphere and makes each and every day here spiritually alive. Devotees and thinkers all spent their lives in this area and according to the experts, many such people are still doing penance in various caves and other areas here. Thus the region has a spiritual fragrance, which permeates the entire atmosphere and makes each and every day here spiritually alive. Devotees and thinkers all spent their lives in this area and according to the experts, many such people are still doing penance in various caves and other areas here. Thus the region has a spiritual fragrance, which permeates the entire atmosphere and makes each and every day here spiritually alive.

Paragraph 29: In 1156 the Ani's Christian population rose against the emir Fakr al-Din Shaddad, a vassal of George III, and turned the town over to his brother Fadl ibn Mahmud. But Fadl, too, apparently could not satisfy the people of Ani, and this time the town was offered to the George III, who took advantage of this offer and subjugated Ani, appointing his general Ivane Orbeli as its ruler in 1161. A coalition consisting of the ruler of Ahlat, Shah-Armen Sökmen II, the ruler of Diyarbekir, Kotb ad-Din il-Ghazi, Al-Malik of Erzerum, and others was formed as soon as the Georgians seized the town, but the latter defeated the allies. He then marched against one of the members of the coalition, the king of Erzerum, and in the same year, 1161, defeated and made him prisoner, but then released him for a large ransom. The capture of Ani and the defeat of the Saltukid-forces enabled the Georgian king to march on Dvin. The following year in August/September 1162, Dvin was temporarily occupied and sacked, the non-Christian population was pillaged and the Georgian troops returned home loaded with booty. The king appointed Ananiya, a member of the local feudal nobility to govern the town. 

Paragraph 30: Catana or Catina (Catania) was conquered at the beginning of the First Punic War, in 263 BC, by the Consul Manius Valerius Maximus Corvinus Messalla. Part of the booty from the conquest was a sundial which was set up in the Comitium in Rome. Additionally the city was required to pay tribute to Rome (civitas decumana). The conqueror of Syracuse, Marcus Claudius Marcellus built a gymnasium in the city. Around 135 BC, in the course of the First Servile War, the city was conquered by the rebel slaves. Another revolt in the area, led by the gladiator Seleurus in 35 BC, was probably suppressed after the death of its leader. In 122 BC, following volcanic activity on Etna, there was heavy damage from the volcanic ash raining down on the roofs of the city which collapsed under the weight. The territory of Catina was further impacted by eruptions in 50, 44, 36 BC and finally by the disastrous lava flow of 32 BC, which ruined the countryside and the city of Aitna, as well as the disastrous war between Augustus and Sextus Pompey, but with the beginning of the Augustan period, a long and difficult socio-economic recovery began. At the end of the war, all Sicily is described as heavily damaged, impoverished, and depopulated in a wide range of areas. In book 6 of Strabo in particular there is reference to the deleterious state of Syracuse, Catania, and Centuripe. After the war against Sextus Pompey, Augustus established a colonia in Catania. Pliny the Elder lists the city, which the Romans called Catina among the cities which Augustus promoted to the rank of Colonia Romana in 21 BC, along with Syracuse and Thermae (Sciacca). Groups of veterans of the Roman army were settled in the cities which had received this new status. The new demographic situation certainly contributed to change the style of municipal life in favour of the new "Middle Class." Catania retained a notable importance and wealth in the course of the late Republic and the Empire: Cicero calls it the "richest" of the cities and it must have remained thus in the later Imperial period and Byzantine times, as the literary sources and numerous contemporary monuments suggest, which makes the city almost unique among those of Roman Sicily. In order to pay the stipendium, the large coastal cities like Catania, extended their control in the course of the High Empire, over a vast swath of the interior of the island which had become depopulated as a result of the large estates which dominated agriculture in the period. Christianity spread rapidly; among the martyrs during the persecutions of Decius and Diocletian, were Saint Agatha, patron saint of the city, and Euplius. The Diocese of Catania was established at the end of the 6th century.