Paragraph 1: Valentin Stănescu started his managerial career in 1953 at Locomotiva MCF București in the Romanian regional championship. In 1955 he went to coach at Dunărea Giurgiu, after three years moving at Unirea Focșani in Divizia B, helping it avoid relegation. In 1959 he started to coach Metalul Târgoviște, helping it promote from Divizia C to Divizia B and later to Divizia A where in his first season as coach in the first division, the team finished on the 13th place, relegating. In 1963 he went to coach Giulești based club, Rapid București where he created a team based on the clubs juniors with some transfers including his former player from Dunărea Giurgiu, Constantin Năsturescu and goalkeeper Răducanu Necula and was the first coach that implemented the 4–4–2 formation in Romanian football, thus creating a team that helped him be the first Romanian manager who wins two Balkans Cup and helped the club win the first title in its history in the 1966–67 season. In the following season he led Rapid in the 1967–68 European Cup, making his first European performance by eliminating Trakia Plovdiv with 3–2 on aggregate, being eliminated in the following round by Juventus Torino with 1–0 on aggregate, also he reached the 1968 Cupa României Final which was lost with 3–1 in extra time in front of Dinamo București that was coached by his former Carmen București teammate, Bazil Marian. He also coached Romania's Olympic team for a short while in 1964 on 17 June in a 2–1 away victory in a friendly against Yugoslavia. In 1968 he went to coach Divizia B team, Steagul Roșu Brașov, helping it win promotion to the first league after one year. In 1971 he led for a second spell Romania's Olympic team at the 1972 Summer Olympics qualifiers helping it pass Albania with 4–2 on aggregate in the first round, helping it qualify in the second round where he lost with 2–1 in the away first leg against Denmark, being replaced before the second leg. In 1971 he went to coach Steaua București, guiding it in the 1971–72 European Cup Winners' Cup campaign, being the first Romanian coach that eliminated Barcelona with 3–1 on aggregate, being eliminated after 1–1 on aggregate on the away goal rule by Bayern Munich in the quarter-finals. He became the coach of Romania's national team in 1973, making his debut in a friendly which ended with a 2–0 away loss against Soviet Union, during his two-year spell managing to earn Romania's biggest ever victory, a 9–0 against Finland at the 1974 World Cup qualifiers. Stănescu took charge of Divizia B club Petrolul Ploiești in 1976 helping it promote after one year to the first league. In 1979 he went to coach Universitatea Craiova, a team he helped win the 1979–80 Divizia A, also he became the first Romanian coach that eliminated a team from England, Leeds United with 4–0 on aggregate in the second round of the 1979–80 UEFA Cup, also earning a 1–0 victory against Borussia Mönchengladbach in the following round. In 1980 Stănescu went for a second spell at Romania's national team, earning a 2–1 home victory and a 0–0 away draw against England at the 1982 World Cup qualifiers, having a total of 35 games from his both spells at the national team consisting of 11 victories, 14 draws and 10 losses. From 1980 until 1982 he coached Dinamo București of which the first year and a half he simultaneously coached Romania, helping The Red Dogs win The Double in his second season spent at the club and managed to become the first Romanian coach that eliminated Inter Milan with 4–3 on aggregate in the second round of the 1981–82 UEFA Cup. In 1982 he returned at Rapid București, helping it get back to Divizia A after the club spent six years in Divizia B. Valentin Stănescu was the first coach that won the Romanian top-division, Divizia A with three different teams, having a total of 455 matches as a manager in the competition, consisting of 206 victories, 101 draws and 148 losses, also the Stadionul Giulești-Valentin Stănescu was named after him. Stănescu died on 4 April 1994 at age 71.

Paragraph 2: At this point in the battle, the position of the two armies looked rather odd, since many of the troops on both sides occupied the riverbanks where their opponent had begun the fight. Eugène now made the critical and correct decision to keep pressing the attack and hope that his onrushing columns would scare the main Austrian army across the Mincio once more. He detached the Italian Royal Guard back to Goito in order to secure the bridge, reinforced his eastern flank against Mayer, and, with 13,000 men and 30 guns, advanced north to the village of Valeggio, hoping to cut his enemy's line of retreat. Bellegarde's earlier decision to leave his reserve now paid dividends; Merville's dragoons routed General Perreymond's 1st Hussars and captured the brigade's six guns, only to be counter-attacked, driven back, and see the French reclaim five of those guns. Merville had deployed his men into three lines around Pozzolo: the first two were composed of 2,000 elite grenadiers under General Josef von Stutterheim and the third by the dragoons brigade. They awaited an attack by Eugène, who recalled the Royal Guard from Goito to bolster the two infantry divisions under generals François Jean Baptiste Quesnel and Marie François Rouyer. Eugène finally began a combined arms attack and only heroic resistance by Stutterheim's masses, who lost over 700 men, prevented a breakthrough. Realizing the danger of being outflanked, Merville fell back a mile north of Pozzolo. Eugène's men attacked Merville's division in its new position, but at this time sufficient reinforcements from Bellegarde permitted Merville to stem the French tide and ground the battle to a virtual halt. Renewed French drives took them to the hamlet of Foroni, but nightfall prevented the capture of the crucial Borghetto bridge. Meanwhile, Verdier's men to the north had been barely hanging on, but once the sounds of Eugène's guns were manifest, they became emboldened and managed to defeat the Austrian charges.

Paragraph 3: Flint was born in Redbridge, London, to Clive and Yvonne Flint, on 17 September 1969. Clive Flint worked as an engineering consultant. Keith Flint was initially raised in East London, but in the mid-1970s his parents moved out to a quiet suburban cul-de-sac in Springfield, in Chelmsford, Essex. His childhood was described as unhappy, and he feuded with his parents, who parted when he was young. He attended the Boswells School in Chelmsford and moved to Braintree after leaving school. Flint was described as being a "bright boy with dyslexia" and was disruptive in class. He was expelled from school at the age of 15. Flint then worked as a roofer and later enthusiastically embraced the acid house scene of the late 1980s. Musically, Flint was a childhood fan of The Jam, and in the late 1980s he listened to bands like Siouxsie and the Banshees.

Paragraph 4: In 2000, specimens asserted to be descendants of the Cape lion were found in captivity in Russia, and two of them were brought to South Africa. South African zoo director John Spence reportedly was long fascinated by stories of these grand lions scaling the walls of Jan van Riebeeck's Fort de Goede Hoop in the 17th century. He studied van Riebeeck's journals to discern the Cape lion's features, which included a long black mane, black in their ears, and reportedly a larger size. He believed that some Cape lions might have been taken to Europe and interbred with other lions. His 30-year search led to his discovery of black-maned lions with features of the Cape lion at the Novosibirsk Zoo in Siberia, in 2000. Besides having a black mane, the specimen that attracted Spence had a "wide face and sturdy legs". Novosibirsk Zoo's population, which had 40 cubs over a 30-year period, continues, and Spence, aided by a zoo in Vienna, was allowed to bring two cubs back to Tygerberg Zoo. Back in South Africa, Spence explained that he hoped to breed lions that at least looked like Cape lions, and to have DNA testing done to establish whether or not the cubs were descendants of the original Cape lion. However, Spence died in 2010 and the zoo closed in 2012, with the lions expected to go to Drakenstein Lion Park.

Paragraph 5: Recorded from 1999 to 2000, The Marshall Mathers LP was released in May 2000. It sold 1.76 million copies in its first week, breaking US records held by Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle for fastest-selling hip hop album and Britney Spears' ...Baby One More Time for fastest-selling solo album. The first single from the album, "The Real Slim Shady", was a success despite controversies about Eminem's insults and dubious claims about celebrities (for example, that Christina Aguilera had performed oral sex on Carson Daly and Fred Durst). In his second single, "The Way I Am", he reveals the pressure from his record company to top "My Name Is". Although Eminem parodied shock rocker Marilyn Manson in the music video for "My Name Is", they are reportedly on good terms; Manson is mentioned in "The Way I Am", appeared in its music video and has performed a live remix of the song with Eminem. In the third single, "Stan" (which samples Dido's "Thank You"), Eminem tries to deal with his new fame, assuming the persona of a deranged fan who kills himself and his pregnant girlfriend (mirroring 97 Bonnie & Clyde" from The Slim Shady LP). The music magazine Q called "Stan" the third-greatest rap song of all time, and it was ranked tenth in a Top40-Charts.com survey. The song has since been ranked 296th on Rolling Stone's "500 Greatest Songs of All Time" list. In July 2000, Eminem was the first white artist to appear on the cover of The Source. The Marshall Mathers LP was certified Diamond by the RIAA in March 2011 and sold 21 million copies worldwide. In 2000 Eminem also appeared in the Up in Smoke Tour with rappers Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit and Ice Cube and the Family Values Tour with Limp Bizkit, headlining the Anger Management Tour with Papa Roach, Ludacris and Xzibit.

Paragraph 6: In 713, Wei was created the Duke of Liang.  At that time, the power struggles between Emperor Xuanzong and his aunt Princess Taiping (Emperor Ruizong's sister) were coming to a head.   It was said that Princess Taiping, Dou Huaizhen, Cen Xi, Xiao Zhizhong, Cui Shi; along with other officials Xue Ji, Li Jin () the Prince of Xinxing (a grandson of Li Deliang (), a cousin of Tang's founder Emperor Gaozu), Li You (), Jia Yingfu (), Tang Jun (); the generals Chang Yuankai (), Li Ci (), and Li Qin (); and the monk Huifan (), were plotting to overthrow Emperor Xuanzong.  It was further said that they discussed, with the lady in waiting Lady Yuan to poison the gastrodia elata that Emperor Xuanzong routinely took as an aphrodisiac.  When this alleged plot was reported to Emperor Xuanzong by Wei, also reported her coup plot, Emperor Xuanzong, who had already received advice from Wang Ju (), Zhang Shuo, and Cui Riyong to act first, did so.  He convened a meeting with his brothers Li Fan () the Prince of Qi, Li Ye () the Prince of Xue, Guo, along with a number of his associates—the general Wang Maozhong (), the officials Jiang Jiao () and Li Lingwen (), his brother-in-law Wang Shouyi (), the eunuch Gao Lishi, and the military officer Li Shoude ()—and decided to act first.  On July 29, Emperor Xuanzong had Wang Maozhong take 300 soldiers to the imperial guard camp to behead Chang and Li Ci.  Then, Jia, Li You, Xiao, and Cen were arrested and executed as well.  Dou and Princess Taiping committed suicide.  When Emperor Ruizong heard about the incident, he ascended the tower at Chengtian Gate () to try to ascertain what was happening, and it was Guo who informed him what happened.  Emperor Ruizong subsequently yieldedpowers to Emperor Xuanzong and no longer actively participated in policy decisions thereafter.  For Wei's contributions, Emperor Xuanzong enlarged his fief and awarded him with silk.  In winter 713, Wei went to the eastern capital Luoyang to carry out a selection process for officials there, and was considered to have done an exceptional job, drawing praises from Emperor Xuanzong.  As Emperor Xuanzong carried out major revisions of names of official titles and offices in 713, Wei's title as the head of the examination bureau was changed to Huangmen Jian (), as the bureau itself was renamed Huangmen Sheng ().

Paragraph 7: The village's name is of Celtic origin, meaning “pool at the mountain”. As long ago as 400 BC, Celts were living on the heights around what is now Desloch. Over the centuries that followed, these Celts were supplanted by Germanic peoples who thrust their way from the Rhine’s right bank into the lands on the left bank only sporadically. From 50 BC to AD 450 – fully 500 years – the Romans held sway in the region, for a time even under Emperor Augustus. With the onset of the Migration Period and Rome’s downfall, the Romans vanished from the land. For a short time, Germanic tribes dwelt in the region before having to give way to the Franks, who founded new villages and farms, worked very hard, and were the lords at all the estates. It was in Frankish times, the time of the widespread woodland clearing, that the name Desloch – earlier called Tageslach, and then Denslach – arose. In 1184, Desloch had its first documentary mention. It had its beginnings in a monastic complex that was a branch of Disibodenberg Abbey. Desloch was in the Early Middle Ages the seat of a high court of the Waldgraves and the Counts Palatine. Even today, the local speech refers to the place before the church as Auf der Linde (“At the Limetree”). This was where the court sat. An old stone still recalls this today. In the Thirty Years' War, Desloch was laid waste together with its church, which stood on the same spot as today's church. The wooden chapel that had stood in the beginning was replaced with a sturdier church in 1570. This was the one that was destroyed, and a new one arose in its stead only in 1751. It still looms over the village today. In the 16th century, Desloch, which hitherto had belonged to the Waldgraves and Rhinegraves at Kyrburg since 1128, was acquired through marriage by the Counts Palatine of Zweibrücken, who then annexed it to Meisenheim. After the Thirty Years' War, the Count Palatine of Zweibrücken organized some immigration for the now depopulated region, bringing people from the Tyrol, Switzerland, Italy, France and Holland to settle the land. Under King Louis XIV, the region was French from 1684 to 1697, and later became French a second time in French Revolutionary times and the Napoleonic Era that followed, from 1795 to 1815. In Frederick the Great’s time (18th century), many peasants emigrated to Pomerania and Lithuania. In 1823, many people emigrated to Brazil, whereas from 1837 to 1860 the destination was North America. From 1782 to 1785, there was a mass emigration to Galicia and Bačka in the Kingdom of Hungary (although most of Bačka now lies within Serbia). After the German campaign in the Napoleonic Wars, Desloch, together with the rest of the region south of the Nahe, passed as the Oberamt of Meisenheim to the Landgraves of Hesse-Homburg, to whom the village and region belonged for 50 years before passing in 1866 first to the Grand Duchy of Hesse and then, later that same year, to the Kingdom of Prussia. Thereafter, the village lived through the glory of the German Empire’s rise in 1870 and 1871 and the ignominy of defeat in both the First World War (1914-1918) and the Second World War (1939-1945). Both world wars exacted their toll on Desloch: in all, 55 men fell. Since the Second World War, the villagers have been working hard to beautify their village, winning several distinctions in the contest Unser Dorf soll schöner werden (“Our village should become lovelier”): first place at the district level in 1962; the same in both 1963 and 1964 but in the special class; first place at the regional level in 1964, and also the silver badge at the state level.

Paragraph 8: On the influence exerted by the travels of the Marco Polo, new documents have come to light from archival research. From these it is noted that, starting as early as the 1320s, Venetian merchants flocked to Persia (where from 1324 Venice had its own consul in Tabriz), India and China, where they formed trade companies. Head of one of these companies was Giovanni Loredan, whose venture along with five other nobles is a representative example of a commenda, known in Venice as colleganza, an early form of limited partnership, which implied an agreement between an investing partner and a travelling partner to conduct a commercial enterprise, usually overseas. Their journey began in 1338 when they sailed on the galleys of Romania to Tana in order to embark upon a voyage to Delhi. Following the travels of the Polos, a number of Venetians travelled across Central Asia to China. However, striking out east from Tana and then heading south around the edge of the Pamir mountains to cross the Hindu Kush mountains to India had not been done before; it was trying something new. Before this, Giovanni Loredan had just come back from a trip to China, and his wife and children therefore tried to dissuade him from the new voyage. However, Giovanni believed that there was a fortune to be made by a visit to a certain Indian prince, who had a reputation for cruelty but also generosity to foreign merchants. Therefore, Giovanni, along with five other nobles who had joined in the venture, including his brother Paolo, pooled funds together in order to bring with them gifts, mechanical wonders such as a clock and a fountain, which they hoped would please the Indian prince. Each of them also took some wares on their own account, with Giovanni Loredan taking some Florentine cloth, a piece of which he sold along the way to pay for expenses. In order to raise his share of the needed funds, Giovanni also accepted money in the colleganza from his father-in-law, Alberto Calli, who invested 6 ducats. Having made their way to Delhi, Giovanni and the other nobles succeeded in pleasing the Indian prince, as he gave them a rich present, which they then invested in a joint purchase of pearls. However, the journey turned out tragically, as Giovanni and two other nobles died in the course of the journey. Giovanni's brother Paolo assumed his dead brother's obligations and continued the journey. On the way home, the pearls were divided among the surviving partners, but Giovanni was not there to make the most of the outcome that he had imagined before the voyage. After the nobles returned home to Venice,  Giovanni's father-in-law, an early investor in the colleganza, sued the guardians of Giovanni's young sons to recover not only the value of his investment, but also the usual profits from such a voyage. Despite winning the case, he was almost certainly disappointed when he did not even double his initial investment in what had been projected to be a highly lucrative enterprise. The voyage of the Loredan brothers is one of the most popular anecdotes used by historians to depict the burgeoning of a global economy during that time.

Paragraph 9: In 2001 International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) formed a new "trio" known as Los Megas, taking three of their regular competitors and repackaging with a new image, new mask and new ring names. Cesar Caballero became known as Mega, Último Vampiro was turned into Super Mega and a wrestler known as El Milionario became known as Ultra Mega. Los Megas portrayed a kid-friendly técnico (good guys) silver-and-black-clad group. Los Megas defeated Los Oficiales (Guardia, Oficial and Vigilante) on August 2, 2001 to win the Distrito Federal Trios Championship, starting off a 161-day-long title reign. The trio was defeated for the title by Dr. Cerebro, Cirujano and Paramedico on January 10, 2002. Only a month later Mega and Ultra Mega defeated Fantasy and Star Boy to win the IWRG Intercontinental Tag Team Championship. They team held the title for 73 days until losing to MAZADA and NOZAWA. On May 19, 2002 Super Mega was forced to unmask after he lost a match to Kung Fu, Jr. Following his mask loss Super Mega left IWRG to work for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) as Último Vampiro instead. Super Mega was replaced with Omega to keep Los Megas a Trio. Mega, Ultra Mega and Omega teamed up to regain the Distrito Federal Trios Championship and held the title until December 12, 2003 where they were defeated by Dr. Markus Jr., Dr. Muerte, Enfermero Jr. Not long after Mega, Ultra Mega and Omega won the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship from Nosawa, Takemura and Masada. The Intercontinental Trios Championship was IWRG's top trios title, a step up from the Distrito Federal Trios title. Mega and Ultra Mega regained the IWRG Intercontinental Tag Team Championship and held the belts for almost a year, winning the titles from Fantasy and Star Boy and losing them to Dr. Cerebro and Bombero Infernal. In 2003 IWRG introduced a group designed to be the "archenemy" of Los Megas in the form of Los Comandos (Comando Mega, Comando Gama and Comando Omega), who were dark and destructive to counter Los Megas' bright, kid-friendly personas. The groups developed their rivalry for the better part of a year, escalating the tension between the two groups. Los Comandos scored a major victory in the feud when Comando Gama defeated Omega in a  Lucha de Apuesta, or "Bet match" where the loser was forced to unmask. Omega removed his mask and subsequently was only used sporadically. The storyline between the two factions saw Mega and Ultra Mega gain revenge and "win" the feud by defeating Comando Mega and Comando Gama in a Lucha de Apuesta, mask vs. mask match on June 6, 2004, a match that was considered the end of the Megas Vs Comandos storyline. Following the culmination of the feud Los Megas began to fade away, being used less and less by IWRG, with long stretches of the ring characters being inactive.  In October 2004 Mega and IWRG regular Black Dragon were the last two wrestlers in a steel cage match where the loser would be forced to unmask. Black Dragon got the victory and Mega was forced to unmask and reveal his real name. With two of the three members unmasked the concept lost its appeal and was quietly abandoned by the end of 2004. IWRG did not even bring Los Megas back to lose the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship that they held, instead opting to vacate the titles and hold a tournament for title. On December 22, 2005 Ultra Mega was one of the participants in IWRG's annual Castillo del Terror ("Castle of Terror") event, a multi-man Steel Cage Match that came down to Ultra Mega and Nemesis. The last two competitors were forced to wrestle under Lucha de Apuesta rules in a match that Nemesis won, forcing Ultra Mega to unmask. Following his mask loss Ultra Mega turned rúdo (bad guy), but without the mask the Ultra Mega character did not succeed and was soon abandoned.

Paragraph 10: Avella, and the former nearby town of Cliftonville, were the site of labor strife in the coal mining industry. In the midst of a strike, the mine owners began firing union mine works and replacing them with non-union workers. In the Cliftonville Riot, 500 union mine workers marched on the mine in an attempt to shut down the non-union labor. This led to gunfire between the union mineworkers, non-union workers, owners, and the local police department. Between 4 and 13 people died in the riot, including Brooke County Sheriff H.H. Duval. No one involved was ever convicted in crimes relating to the riot and the sheriff's killer was never identified.

Paragraph 11: In 1730, he renounced James and the Jacobite cause. In advanced stages of alcoholism, he and his wife moved to the Royal Cistercian Abbey of Poblet, in Catalonia, where he died on 1 June 1731. His widow returned to London, with the aid of James. When Wharton's will was proved in court in 1736, she was able to live comfortably in society in London. Wharton's titles became extinct on his death, other than Baron Wharton which was inherited by his sister Jane Wharton, 7th Baroness Wharton. In 1738 his valuable mining interests centred on Fremington in Yorkshire were sold, having many years earlier been placed in trust, with the mines of lead, iron and copper reserved for the use of his two sisters, Lady Jane Wharton (1707–1761) (wife of Robert Coke of Longford in Derbyshire, brother of Thomas Coke, 1st Earl of Leicester) and Lady Lucy Wharton (d.1739) (wife of Sir William Morice, Baronet, of Werrington in Devon). Lady Jane survived her sister and on her death in 1760 bequeathed the mines in trust to a certain "Miss Anna Maria Draycott" (c.1736–1787), who was referred to as her "niece", possibly a sobriquet, "whom she had brought up" (i.e. from childhood), according to Clarkson (1814). The identity of Anna Maria is uncertain, she is called Anna Maria Delagard, "sister of William Delagard of Bombay", and "grand-daughter and heiress of William Draycott of Chelsea, county Middlesex" "and of Sunbury Court in Middlesex". She later adopted the surname Draycott, having also inherited the Sunbury estates of the Draycott family, and in 1764 married George Fermor, 2nd Earl of Pomfret, who thereby inherited her large fortune and the Wharton mining interests. Her gratitude to Lady Jane her benefactor is recorded on an inscribed monument she erected to her in St Mary's Church, Sunbury, where she was buried, but with no stated indication of the relationship.

Paragraph 12: In response, they roll a car into Williamson's boat dealership with Julian and Roscoe unconscious in the cab. Willamson finds a tape recorder that informs him to meet Reggie and Bucum at a dog track with Gina to exchange for the diamonds. This goes successful with Pam posing as a janitor, Reggie revealing the diamonds, and Bucum taking position as sniper in a dog tracksman disguise to take out a sniper working for Williamson until Reggie flips the diamonds off of Williamson's hands leading to a shootout and chase. During the chase, Williamson pulls out a bazooka and opens fire, missing Bucum, Reggie, Gina and Pam but instead blowing up a nearby fish truck. He escapes, and Bucum and Reggie are so fed up with the plan that they decide to break up their partnership. Pam convinces Bucum to talk to Reggie and they make up again. The duo tracks Williamson to a boat dock in which Gina and Pam await behind them in the car. Bucum gives Reggie a taser since Reggie accidentally dropped one of Bucum's guns into the ocean. On the boat, as Bucum leaves, he sees Pam and Gina running away, having knocked out two henchmen by pushing a lifeboat in their direction. Meanwhile, Reggie finds his wallet and recovers the lottery ticket, but is soon caught by Williamson and Ursula and he even forces Reggie to take his money on the boat. Bucum, taking Ursula as a hostage, catches up with them. Williamson, in response, kills Ursula by shooting her in the head and wounds Reggie, leading to a fight as the boat speeds up. Williamson is knocked out by the boat's speed and the boat crashes onto shore. Bucum and Reggie reunite until Williamson, badly injured, attacks Bucum. Reggie tases him and Bucum shoots Williamson to death multiple times. Later, Bucum and Reggie are figuring out what to do next, but the coast guards are coming, and Bucum is forced to handcuff Reggie and hide the money.

Paragraph 13: On March 10, 1989, Air Ontario Flight 1363, a Fokker F28-1000 Fellowship twin jet, registration C-FONF, crashed near Dryden, Ontario immediately after take-off en route from Dryden to Winnipeg with this flight having previously departed from Thunder Bay. The aircraft crashed after only forty-nine seconds after liftoff from the Dryden Regional Airport because it was not able to achieve enough altitude to clear the trees beyond the end of the runway due to ice and snow on the wings. This caused the death of 21 of 65 passengers and 3 of 4 crew members. Some of the survivors were able to escape from the plane on their own but the others were carried to safety. The accident happened because the APU (auxiliary power unit) did not work, so the crew had to keep one of the engines running at Dryden. However, the necessary de-icing was only authorised if both the main engines are stopped. Air Ontario's policies forbid de-icing if one of the engines was running due to the possibility of the fumes being sucked into the air conditioning system and harming those in the cabin. Furthermore, if the pilots had shut down the engines, with no APU and with Dryden airport not having the equipment required to restart the engines, the plane would have been stranded. This situation was exacerbated by an extended wait on the taxiway while priority was given to an incoming Cessna. However, it is possible that de-icing would not have prevented this accident, as the type of fluid commonly used at the time was not intended for long wait times. Additionally, the de-icing process would be completed at the terminal, and not on the runway, reducing the time that the fluid would be effective after application. Recommendations made in the accident report included use of better de-icing fluid, more frequent maintenance of Air Ontario's planes, and de-icing directly on the runway, as well as prioritizing planes that had been de-iced due to the narrow window remaining for take-off.

Paragraph 14: By the end of March, veterinary organizations reported more than 100 pet deaths amongst nearly 500 cases of kidney failure, and experts expected the death toll to number in the thousands, with one online database already self-reporting as many as 3,600 deaths as of 11 April. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has received reports of approximately 8500 animal deaths, including at least 1950 cats and 2200 dogs who have died after eating contaminated food, but have only confirmed 14 cases, in part because there is no centralized government database of animal sickness or death in the United States as there are with humans (such as the Centers for Disease Control). For this reason, many sources speculate the full extent of the pet deaths and sicknesses caused by the contamination may never be known. In October, the results of the "AAVLD survey of pet food-induced nephrotoxicity in North America, April to June 2007," were reported, indicating 347 of 486 cases voluntarily reported by 6 June 2007 had met the diagnostic criteria, with most of the cases reported from the United States, but also including cases of 20 dogs and 7 cats reported from Canada.The cases involved 235 cats and 112 dogs, with 61 percent of the cats and 74 percent of the dogs having died. Dr. Barbara Powers, AAVLD president and director of the Colorado State University Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory, said the survey probably found only a percentage of the actual cases. She also said the mortality rate is not likely to be representative of all cases, because survey respondents had more information to submit for animals that had died. A number of dogs were also reported affected in Australia, with four in Melbourne and a few more in Sydney. No legal action or repercussions have as yet occurred regarding these cases. Dr. Powers elaborated further: “But there absolutely could be more deaths from the tainted pet food.... This survey didn’t catch all the deaths that happened. In order to be counted in our survey, you had to meet certain criteria.... If someone had a pet that died and they buried it in their back[yard], they weren’t eligible for our survey. We had to have confirmed exposure to the recalled pet food, proof of toxicity, and clinical signs of kidney failure. So this is only a percentage of the deaths that are out there. There’s no way to guess how many pets were affected.”

Paragraph 15: The band were initially enthusiastic about performing the suite. An early performance was taped for the San Francisco television station KQED, featuring just the band, on 28 April 1970. Two major performances were at the Bath Festival of Blues and Progressive Music on 27 June and the "Blackhill's Garden Party" in Hyde Park, London on 18 July, convened by the band's erstwhile management partnership, Blackhill Enterprises. On both occasions the band were accompanied by the John Alldis Choir and the Philip Jones Brass Ensemble. Later, the band took a full brass section and choir on tour just for the purpose of performing this piece. However, this caused the tour to lose money, and the band found problems with the hired musicians, which changed from gig to gig as they simply took who was available, which, combined with lack of rehearsal and problems miking up the whole ensemble, made a full live performance more problematic. Reflecting on this, Gilmour said "some of the brass players have been really hopeless". According to Mason, the band arrived at one gig in Aachen, Germany, only to discover they had left the sheet music behind, forcing tour manager Tony Howard to go back to London and get it.

Paragraph 16: Güllich was the first-ever person to free solo at grade  with his 1986 ascent of Weed Killer, and in that same year did his iconic free solo of Separate Reality.  He made first ascents of important new big wall climbing routes on the Trango Towers and the Paine Towers.  With long-time climbing partner Kurt Albert, he revolutionized the training techniques for sport climbers, and the introduction of the campus board in particular.  Güllich carried the mantle of "world's strongest sport climber" until his death in a car accident at age 31, after which it would be later taken up by Chris Sharma.

Paragraph 17: The 321st MMC continued its logistical support to the Southwest Asia Theater and deployed Land forces under 3rd Army. A permanent Forward Detachment of the 321st MMC was domiciled at Camp Doha, Kuwait from 1992 to 2005. In October 2000, the 321st MMC was officially reorganized as a Theater Support Command MMC and multi-component unit of the U.S. Army. On 12 October 2001 detachments of the 321st TMMC were mobilized in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in response to the tragic 11 September 2001 attacks on the United States. These elements provided the necessary additional capability to the 321st for support of the Coalition Force Land Component Command (CFLCC) operations in Afghanistan and the Horn of Africa. Additional personnel were deployed to Baton Rouge, La., and Camp Doha, Kuwait during these operations. In August, September and October 2002 additional personnel were mobilized to continue and expand support for Operation Enduring Freedom, as the 321st TMMC operated as the single Corps Theater Automation Support Center (CTASC) in the CENTCOM AOR. On 2 January 2003 the remainder of the 321st TMMC was mobilized to Fort Polk, Louisiana. By 27 January 2003 the 321st had deployed 200 personnel to Kuwait to support Operation Iraqi Freedom. The 321st TMMC was given the mission as the Theater Support Command MMC and the Theater Army MMC during the buildup and execution of Operation Iraqi Freedom. This operation saw the Army provide support over the longest land lines of communication in Army History. The operation was successful resulting in the overthrow of the Iraqi government. The 321st TMMC began a phased demobilization on 15 July 2003 still maintaining a continual mission presence at Baton Rouge, Camp Doha and Camp Arifjan, Kuwait. On 26 January 2004, Third Army designated the 321st CTASC as the single CTASC for the entire Southwest Asia Theater, processing more transactions in one day that any other CTASC processes in a month. This CTASC mission expansion, as well as the expansion of operations in Arifjan in April 2004 in response to the current insurgency in Iraq, caused the MMC to once again mobilize additional soldiers comparable to its full scale mobilization in 2003. Today the MMC simultaneously administers to both a fully staffed Reserve Component organization and a split-based mission-support organization staffed predominantly through large numbers of dedicated soldiers cross-leveled from throughout the Army Reserve. In October 2003 the 321st began a unique affiliation with the 304th CMMC from Los Angeles, California, to provide a large number of soldiers still serving today. The 321st TMMC permanent mission continues to change with the evolution of today’s Army. The unit is transforming its Reserve Component element from that of a Materiel Management Center to that of a Sustainment Brigade Headquarters. It is the only unit in today’s Army endeavoring to accomplish that transformation while simultaneously performing a wartime mission.

Paragraph 18: The Citizen Corps is an organization of volunteer service programs, administered locally and coordinated nationally by DHS, which seek to mitigate disasters and prepare the population for emergency response through public education, training, and outreach. Most disaster response is carried out by volunteer organizations. In the US, the Red Cross is chartered by Congress to coordinate disaster response services. It is typically the lead agency handling shelter and feeding of evacuees. Religious organizations, with their ability to provide volunteers quickly, are usually integral during the response process. The largest being the Salvation Army, with a primary focus on chaplaincy and rebuilding, and Southern Baptists who focus on food preparation and distribution, as well as cleaning up after floods and fires, chaplaincy, mobile shower units, chainsaw crews and more. With over 65,000 trained volunteers, Southern Baptist Disaster Relief is one of the largest disaster relief organizations in the US. Similar services are also provided by Methodist Relief Services, the Lutherans, and Samaritan's Purse. Unaffiliated volunteers show up at most large disasters. To prevent abuse by criminals, and for the safety of the volunteers, procedures have been implemented within most response agencies to manage and effectively use these 'SUVs' (Spontaneous Unaffiliated Volunteers).

Paragraph 19: Member of the Asiatic Society in 1833, he won fame in the "Journal Asiatique". He was professor of Armenian (1833–34) at the Collège de France. Sent to Venice, he published the results of his literary labours there in the convent of the Mechitarists. Spending six months of 1837 in study at Constantinople, he went with Father Scaffi, C.M., to Erzerum in Armenia. At Tauris he started a school as an opening wedge for Christianity, whose service was always his chief concern. The Shah of Persia honoured him for the excellence of his school. In addition to many learned studies sent to France, his interesting letters were published as "The Correspondence of a Traveller in the Orient". In 1841 he secured Lazarist missioners for Persia. For services to France in that land he was given the cross of the Legion of Honour. Gregory XVI made him a Knight of the Golden Militia in 1842 and Knight of St. Gregory the Great in 1843. Knowing forty Oriental idioms, most of them thoroughly, he published in some of these tongues excellent controversial works. He was eager for the return of the schismatics to the Church and was aided in his apostolate by his wide acquaintance with the most learned and influential men of France and Italy. He published an illuminating report of the condition of the Holy Land whither he was sent by France to investigate in 1847. Entering the Congregation of the Mission in Jan., 1849, at Constantinople, he was ordained there, 7 April, 1850, and made his vows in Paris in January, 1851. Sent to Constantinople, as head of the College of Bebek, he remained fifteen years doing zealous work for the Mussulmans as well as Christians especially on the battlefield during the Crimean War. In Paris in 1866 he was made secretary general, and was elected superior general of the Congregation of the Mission, 11 September, 1874. His incumbency of the latter office was cut short at the end of four years by a sudden illness.

Paragraph 20:  Opened on May 15, 1994, the Andy Warhol Museum is the first museum to exclusively focus on an American postwar artist. Warhol's affect was the silkscreen pop art, which he gained notoriety for in the early 1960s. The serial images derived from the culture's consumerism and conception of beauty are reified in a form of art which represent the identity of constituents in postwar American society. Images used by Warhol and his contributions to pop art include celebrities and consumables such as: Marilyn Monroe and The Campbells soup can, et al. The museum's collection includes over 4,000 Warhol art works in all media - paintings, drawings, prints, photographs, sculptures, and installation; the entire Andy Warhol Video Collection, 228 four-minute Screen Tests, and 45 other films by Warhol; and extensive archives, including Warhol's Time Capsules. While dedicated to Andy Warhol, the museum also hosts many exhibits by contemporary artists. Similar to the museum in Pittsburgh, The Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, celebrates Warhol's art in relevant fashion with a vast collection of art and holds events for contemporary artists as well. Both cities are central to his influence on art. Andy Warhol was born in Pittsburgh; he had moved to New York after graduating art school and transgressed from pop artist to art icon. The nation experienced deep and radical cultural change in the 1960s and Warhol's art was aligned with the movement.

Paragraph 21: The concept of "race" as a classification system of humans based on visible physical characteristics emerged over the last five centuries, influenced by European colonialism. However, there is widespread evidence of what would be described in modern terms as racial consciousness throughout the entirety of recorded history. For example, in Ancient Egypt there were four broad racial divisions of human beings: Egyptians, Asiatics, Libyans, and Nubians. There was also Aristotle of Ancient Greece, who once wrote: "The peoples of Asia... lack spirit, so that they are in continuous subjection and slavery." The concept has manifested in different forms based on social conditions of a particular group, often used to justify unequal treatment. Early influential attempts to classify humans into discrete races include 4 races in Carl Linnaeus's Systema Naturae (Homo europaeus, asiaticus, americanus, and afer) and 5 races in Johann Friedrich Blumenbach's On the Natural Variety of Mankind. Notably, over the next centuries, scholars argued for anywhere from 3 to more than 60 race categories. Race concepts have changed within a society over time; for example, in the United States social and legal designations of "White" have been inconsistently applied to Native Americans, Arab Americans, and Asian Americans, among other groups (See main article: Definitions of whiteness in the United States). Race categories also vary worldwide; for example, the same person might be perceived as belonging to a different category in the United States versus Brazil. Because of the arbitrariness inherent in the concept of race, it is difficult to relate it to biology in a straightforward way.

Paragraph 22: He made his West End debut in 1979 in Can you Hear me at The Back, by Brian Clark, followed immediately by Taking Steps by Alan Ayckbourn. After playing Toby Gashe in The Bell, by Iris Murdoch, Maloney joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1982 playing Ferdinand in The Tempest. After the RSC, he went on to play in The Perfectionist at Hampstead, the title role of Peer Gynt for Cambridge Theatre Company, The London Cuckolds at the Lyric Hammersmith, Two Planks and a Passion by Anthony Minghella, directed by Danny Boyle at Greenwich and Built on Sand at the Royal Court. Maloney went on to appear in many films and television series, including What if Its Raining, by Anthony Minghella, for Channel 4. He became a familiar face after playing the Dauphin in  Kenneth Branagh's 1989 film adaptation of Henry V. In the early 1990s, he played Prince Hal in Henry IV Parts 1 and 2, Romeo in Romeo and Juliet for the RSC and Hamlet on a national tour starting at Greenwich. He appeared on television in Mr Wakefield's Crusade, on film as Mark in Truly, Madly, Deeply, and in 1994 he took the lead in the BBC adaptation of Love on a Branch Line. He appeared in both the 1990 and 1996 film versions of Hamlet, as Rosencrantz and Laertes respectively, and in several other Shakespeare screen adaptations, including the lead role in In the Bleak Midwinter by Kenneth Branagh. In addition to his TV appearances, he starred as Jason Fields in the film American Reel in 1999. 2002 saw him play Brian Albumen, personal aide to Rik Mayall's Adonis Cnut character in the Gran and Marks penned TV sitcom Believe Nothing. In 2003, he appeared as the Belgian Prosper Profond in The Forsyte Saga. In the theatre he played Hamlet again for Yukio Ninagawa on tour and at the Barbican. He played Cassius in the 2005 miniseries Empire, John Major in 2009's Margaret and Prime Minister Sir Robert Peel in the 2009 film The Young Victoria.

Paragraph 23: Barnette's solo show Compland at Fort Gansevoort in New York City in 2017, included a group of five framed COINTELPRO documents, selections from her ongoing project My Father’s FBI File, 2016-, vinyl lettering, and photocollages. The title of the exhibition, Compland, invoked "a fictive space sublating Compton and Oakland, California, '90s hip-hop, and '60s Black Power." In this exhibition, as in all of her work, blackness and the African American identity and experience is explored. Chloe Wyma of ArtForum writes of Barnette's Fort Gansevoort exhibition:Blackness – its social constructions, structures of signification, material cultures, oppressions, and modes of resistance – is pronounced and urgent in Barnette’s work. The color pink also presents again and again, from baby to bubble-gum to hot fuchsia, in the pulsating chevrons of Barnette’s tessellated photo-wallpaper that showed a child sitting in a wicker “Huey Newton” chair; in the bags of Hello Kitty cotton candy strewn around the gallery; and in an acrylic glitter bar – part object, part sculpture – installed on the third floor. Pink spelled out PRESTO DINERO (I LEND MONEY) on a Spanish-language payday loan sign, supplied the ground in the abstract painting Untitled (Black dots on pink), 2016, and popped from behind a chain-link fence embellished with Swarovski crystals in the photograph Untitled (Pink fence sparkle), 2017.For her first major traveling exhibition, "Sadie Barnette: Dear 1968,..." (2018) Barnette pulled from her personal and family history by using family photographs and selections from the FBI files on her father Rodney Barnette, compiled on him after he joined the Black Panther Party in 1968. For this exhibition Barnette, responds to the intimate details of the FBI files by intervening in them by redacting information with stickers, paint splashes, and spray paint, while also embellishing with glitter, vinyl, and rhinestones. As reported on in Hyperallergic, "such child-like embellishments are whimsical touches that draw the viewer in, but these add-ons are only playing dress-up on much wilder realities." These interventions are an attempt to reclaim her family history. Included in the exhibition is a black and white wallpapered wall created from signatures and seals found in the file. On this wallpaper hang a pair of photographs of her father, Rodney Barnette, "in one photograph, he is in Navy uniform pre-Vietnam era. In another, his black leather jacket, turtleneck, and beret signal his role as founder of the Compton Chapter of the Black Panther party in “Untitled (Dad, 1966 and 1968)” (2016)." Through this exhibition "the work proposes changing the conditions of the world, turning the past of racial profiling into a loyal tribute to her dad."

Paragraph 24: The Electrification Committee met in February 1961. Delivery of the first of the second batch of locomotives was due to start on 24 February and be complete by 7 July. The third batch was due to be delivered between 8 December and 23 February 1962 and the fourth batch by the end of June 1962. The final locomotive of the first batch, D6544, was delivered fourteen months later than the original delivery date. Delivery of the first of the second batch of locomotives was on 7 March. The committee met again in April. Although delivery of the second batch of locomotives was still on schedule for 7 July, by the time at Phase 2 of the electrification scheme was put into operation in June, there would be a shortfall of fifteen locomotives against the number required. When the committee met in May, delivery of the last of the second batch of locomotives had been put back to 15 July. The third batch would not start to be delivered until 23 February 1962, with completion by 31 March. The fourth batch was scheduled to be delivered between 23 January and 31 March 1962. The committee met again in July. Completion of the second batch of locomotives had been pushed back to 29 July. Start of deliveries of the third and fourth batches had been delayed, but final deliver dates remained the same. The Electrification Committee met for the final time on 14 September. Delivery of the fourth batch had started; 69 locomotives had been delivered up to that date. As Phase 2 of the electrification scheme had been implemented, the Southern Region set up the Traction Committee, which met for the first time on 15 December. Eighty-one of the 85 Restriction 4 locomotives had been delivered, but the final locomotive was not now due for delivery until 12 January 1962. Delivery of the locomotives for the Hastings line was due to start a week later, and be complete by 6 April 1962. At that meeting discussion took place in respect of the annual milage the fleet would accrue. The original estimate of  had been revised upwards to  but had then been revised down to  due to the introduction of electric multiple units for most passenger trains and changes in freight requirements. This meant that only 70 locomotives would be needed, leaving 28 surplus to requirements. Reallocation of the surplus locomotives was discussed. BTC approval was needed for reallocation, although the BTC had the power to order the locomotives to be reallocated. They could have challenged the Southern Region as to why the order had not been amended. By this time, two locomotives had been transferred to the Eastern Region to work cement trains between Cliffe, Kent and Uddingston, Lanarkshire.

Paragraph 25: In the season premiere "No Sanctuary", Abraham escapes Terminus with the group. In the episode "Strangers", Abraham talks to Rick and tries to convince him to go to DC, but he insists on staying in Father Gabriel Stokes (Seth Gilliam)'s church for the night and the others state that they do what Rick says and Abraham decides to wait. Later that night Abraham holds a toast during dinner praising their skills as survivors but also notes the danger it poses to their sanity. Rick agrees to go to DC. In the episode "Four Walls and a Roof", Abraham gets into a fight with Rick over leaving after Daryl, Carol and Bob go missing. A deal is made for Glenn and Maggie to leave after the night. Abraham then gives Rick a map, apologizing for his behavior and tells him to go to DC after he gets Daryl and Carol back. In the episode "Self Help", flashbacks show Abraham killing men to protect his family, but his wife and children are terrified by him and run off, only to be killed by walkers. Abraham almost commits suicide, but Eugene comes asking for help on a mission. In present day, Abraham goes increasingly frustrated with the setbacks on the way to DC, only for Eugene to reveal he is not a scientist. Abraham punches Eugene repeatedly, almost killing him. Rosita steps in his way to stop him, hand on her pistol. He walks off some distance and falls to his knees, crying. In the episode "Crossed", Abraham remains reclusive and on his knees in shock. Rosita is unable to get through to him. In mid-season finale "Coda", Abraham and his group return to the church with the firetruck in time to save Carl, Michonne, Gabriel and Judith from walkers though Abraham is still noticeably mad at an unconscious Eugene. In the episode "Them", the group decide to continue their journey to Washington D.C., but their van breaks down forcing them to walk but the group suffers from a drought. Abraham has taken to drinking heavily and tries to make short talk with Sasha and stops Eugene from trying bottles of water left on the road, as Rick fears it may be poisoned. When a pack of walkers arrives, Rick devises a plan to eliminate them without exhausting themselves by letting them fall into a ditch, with Abraham, Sasha, Michonne, Glenn and Maggie, but Sasha's recklessness almost gets Abraham killed when she cuts him. Eventually the group takes refuge inside a barn and are forced to hold the doors closed to keep walkers from entering. In the episode "The Distance", Maggie and Sasha bring in a stranger named Aaron and after Rick disbelieves his claim of a nearby community Abraham takes part in the barn's defense on Rick's orders. When Michonne, Glenn and Maggie are set on following Aaron's claim of there being cars nearby Rick orders Abraham and Rosita to accompany them, eventually finding an R.V. After clearing it out Abraham asks Rosita if she believed he was going to hurt her back at the fire truck, but she says no, knowing him better. The group returns to the barn and Rick finally decides to travel to their community but are temporarily delayed by a "herd" and Abraham leads half the group to a shelter with Aaron's boyfriend Eric. After the group resumes their travels, Abraham driving the R.V., they see the White House and Abraham smiles happy they made it but is soon angered when the R.V. breaks down but Glenn quickly points out where the backup battery is, puzzling Abraham to how Glenn knew where to find it (as Dale Horvath had previously taught him). Eventually the group arrives at Aaron's community: The Alexandria Safe-Zone.

Paragraph 26: In the 1960s and 1970s, British jazz began to have more varied influences, from Africa and the Caribbean. The influx of musicians from the Caribbean brought to the UK shores excellent musicians, including the Jamaican saxophonist Joe Harriott. Firmly established as an outstanding bebop soloist before his arrival in the UK he went on to claim a leading spot in British jazz. Harriott was an important voice and innovator whose constant search for new ways to express his music was to lead to collaborations with fellow Jamaican Alpha Boys School alumnus trumpeter Dizzy Reece and St Vincent trumpeter Shake Keane. Harriott turned to what he termed "abstract" or "free form" music. He had been toying with some loose free form ideas since the mid-1950s, but finally settled upon his conception in 1959, after a protracted spell in hospital with tuberculosis gave him time to think things over. At first he struggled to recruit other like-minded musicians to his vision. Indeed, two of his core band members, Harry South and Hank Shaw, left when these ideas surfaced. He finally settled on a line-up of Keane (trumpet, flugelhorn), Pat Smythe (piano), Coleridge Goode (bass) and Phil Seamen (drums). Les Condon temporarily replaced Keane on trumpet in 1961, while Seamen left permanently the same year, his place taken by the return of the quintet's previous drummer, Bobby Orr. Harriot's subsequent groundbreaking album Free Form was released in early 1960, historically prior to celebrated American saxophonist Ornette Coleman's own experimental Free Jazz album. Harriott's free form music is often compared to Ornette Coleman's roughly contemporary breakthrough in the US, but even cursory listening reveals deep divisions between their conceptions of "free jazz". Indeed, there were several distinctive models of early free jazz, from Cecil Taylor to Sun Ra. Harriott's was another of these. His method demanded more complete group improvisation than displayed in Coleman's music, and often featured no particular soloist. Instead of the steady pulse of Ornette's drummer and bass player, Harriott's model demanded constant dialogue between musicians which created an ever-shifting soundscape. Tempo, key and meter always free to alter in this music, and often did so. The presence of Bill Evans-inspired pianist Pat Smythe, also gave the band a completely different texture to Coleman's, which by then had dispensed with the need for a pianist.

Paragraph 27: Following the success of their debut album Lost Souls and subsequent tours of the United Kingdom and their first tour of North America, the band entered the studio in January 2001 to begin work on the follow-up album. "When we went back into the studio this time, we were determined to get rid of the perception that people had of us," said Jimi Goodwin in an interview with NME. Jez Williams told NME, "This time around, we had a lot more confidence." In a 2010 interview with Spinner.com, Jez furthered, "It was like a big burst of energy... it affected our songwriting. We wanted it to be optimistic, more hopeful." The band moved away from the Cheetham Hill studio they had recorded Lost Souls in for Revolution Studios in Manchester, Parr Street Studios in Liverpool, Peter Gabriel's Real World Studios in Bath, The Dairy and 2 kHz Studios in London, and a cottage in Lancashire (additionally, "M62 Song" is credited as being recorded under a flyover of the M62 motorway in Northenden. However, in a 2022 interview on the XS Long Player Podcast with Jim Salveson, Andy Williams revealed that the song was actually recorded under the M60 Motorway flyover but the band "got the name wrong" also adding that 'M62 Song' Sounds better anyway"). In a 2009 interview with QTheMusic.com, Jez said that the songs came quickly and effortlessly: "I had this little house in Northenden where my makeshift studio was. It took a couple of nights to get the backing track with the top line melody to "There Goes the Fear". Literally the next night I had "Words" coming out of the speakers." "Caught by the River" was the final song recorded for the album, which took form at a rehearsal room in Stockport called The Green Room. "Jimi, Andy and I just started to play these three chords. Jimi started to sing this great top line melody and there it was... very natural and easy. Andy started to write these very poignant lyrics about a friend of ours; everything started to click like at the start of the recording. That was the last piece of the jigsaw for the album," said Jez. The band also incorporated string, brass, and woodwind arrangements into the songs, arranged by The High Llamas frontman Sean O'Hagan, as well as gospel choir vocals on "Satellites", while lead single "There Goes the Fear" features a Brazilian Carnival-inspired percussive outro. Doves wrote, recorded, and mixed the album within eight months, "which for Doves was incredibly fast," concluded Jez Williams.

Paragraph 28: In the original version, the Enterprise visits Naterra and meets the planet's leader, Zxolar, who is concerned that Captain Kirk is an alien called Komether, who is due to return within twenty days to destroy their world. Zxolar suddenly collapses and Doctor McCoy tries to help him, but an energy field surrounds the doctor's head and he runs into a wall and disappears. The landing party searches for McCoy, to no avail, and Zxolar is beamed to the Enterprise. Doctor Chapel attempts to help him, but the energy field appears around her and she passes out. Xon and Kirk discuss the energy and realize it wants Zxolar to die, as it has attacked anyone who helps him. The pair beam back down the planet to investigate the palace in which they met Zxolar and discover an archive that shows them the original agreement made by six philosophers, including a much younger Zxolar, and Komether a thousand years earlier. They note one of the philosophers is Zxolar and Komether is the energy being that attacked the two doctors. As in the later version used on Star Trek: The Next Generation, the agreement was that the being would correct the pollution of the planet in return for ownership of the planet a thousand years later. Xon and Kirk decide to move Zxolar to a life support table and ask for other volunteers, as it is apparent that Komether will attack them as they attempt to save Zxolar. Scotty, Sulu and Chekov all volunteer as well, and the alien disables each of them as they move Zxolar. It is only because of Xon's strength as he is being attacked that they manage to attach Zxolar to a life support machine and his life signs immediately improve. Zxolar tells Kirk about the contract, who retrieves it from the planet's surface and challenges it. Komether appears and agrees to a trial with the Enterprises computer acting as an impartial judge. Kirk realizes that Komether was created by the six philosophers, and as the last remaining, Zxolar is in control of it. Zxolar manages to defeat the creature using his will and releases the stunned crewmen. He finds that McCoy was trapped within the wall and releases him, too. The Enterprise departs shortly thereafter.

Paragraph 29: In June 2009, Bill meets a woman called Vanessa at a singles night and claims he is an ex-soldier called Newton. He soon gets bored of Vanessa and meets neighbour Pam who is having equally bad luck. The two lose their respective dates during the next few days and begin to write personal ads. They soon realise that they are a compatible match and begin dating. In December 2009, Kevin tells Bill that Sally has breast cancer, and Bill is sympathetic and wants to support him, as Bill's first wife, Alison (Kevin and Debbie's mother) also died from breast cancer. However, Kevin later admits to Bill that he has been having a sexual affair with Pam's niece, Molly Dobbs (Vicky Binns). Bill is disgusted and urges him to stand by Sally and forget about Molly. Facing increasing pressure from rival builder Owen Armstrong (Ian Puleston-Davies), who wins the contract to rebuild Underworld, plus the credit crunch, Bill agrees to sell the building yard to Owen in August 2010. Since his retirement, Bill's appearances on the Street became less frequent. When Molly is killed in the tram crash in December 2010, Bill cannot face attending her funeral as he knows the truth about Kevin being the father of Molly's son and is angry with Kevin for comforting Tyrone and acting like his friend. This makes Tyrone suspicious and leads to him and Kevin arguing after the funeral when he realises that Bill knew about the affair and Jack's paternity. Bill tries to reason with Tyrone and apologises for Kevin's actions but Tyrone furiously throws him out. In April 2011, Kevin meets Bill in The Rovers and tells him that Sally wanted half of the money he won on a lottery scratch card and that he had won the legal battle to keep it. Kevin tells Bill that he feels guilty for winning the money and that Sally thinks he is greedy. Bill tells Kevin to prove Sally wrong so he gives her the money. Bill and Pam later go travelling.

Paragraph 30: After coming into their influence, he abandoned his role as a freedom fighter and renounced the world to join the Ramakrishna Order. As a Brahmachari, for many years he devoted himself to the study of the scriptures under eminent teachers, practised spiritual disciplines, and served the Order in various capacities, until, in 1931, he was deputed by the Order to come to America as one of its representatives. In 1933, he founded the Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Center in New York. Nikhilananda was considered a brilliant speaker and was invited to lecture at different universities, churches, and synagogues, and to participate in inter-religious conferences East and West. He served at the Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Center till his death in 1973. Nikhilananda made important contributions to the literature of Ramakrishna movement. He also attracted distinguished disciples, including author JD Salinger, Margaret Woodrow Wilson, daughter of the president Woodrow Wilson, the comparative mythologist Professor Joseph Campbell, and Chester Carlson, inventor of xerographic process. Philosopher Lex Hixon was Nikhilananda's disciple.