Paragraph 1: Theseus' status in the cultic calendar of Athens, as represented by festivals such as the Pyanepsion, is unique given the fact that Theseus is inherently an outsider to the Athenians, being born in Megara. Theseus, despite his status as a foreign entity in an intensely nationalistic city-state (he would later be named an honorary citizen in the 5th century BCE), became representative of many essential Athenian traits. In fact, it has even been proposed that his actions in and his journey to Crete came to represent the naval power of the Athenians after the Persian Wars. This reveals the dynamic nature of Athenian festivals, as new understandings and depictions of founding myths may in turn lead to new understandings of the festival. The Pyanopsia and other Theseus-based Greek festivals may not have only symbolically thanked Apollo for the his actions and agricultural abundance, but also represented the values of their founders. The Pyanopsia also involved the worship of the Horae - the daughters of Themis, the goddess of divine law and order. By being worshipped at the Pyanopsia and a spring festival called the Thargelia, the Horai – Eunomia (well ordering) and Dike (right and justice) – are revealed as being connected to agriculture and vegetation.

Paragraph 2: Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "First offering from rapper's major-label debut, Mack Daddy, cheekily rhapsodizes about the joys of women with prominent backsides. Cute rhymes and slammin' beats add up to a potential smash at several formats." J.D. Considine from The Baltimore Sun commented, "In some cases, what's said can be as simple as Sir Mix-a-Lot's assertion 'I like big butts!' in the single 'Baby Got Back'. On the surface, it may seem that all he's doing is expressing an opinion, but there's more to it than Mix-a-Lot's personal preferences. At root, 'Baby Got Back' challenges the dominant standard for physical beauty in our culture, a standard that stresses long legs, slim hips, small buttocks and has no room for women with wide hips or protuberant posteriors. And the fact that 'Baby Got Back' spent five weeks at No. 1 suggests that there are millions who agree with his assessment." James Bernard from Entertainment Weekly remarked that the song "alternates deftly between a critique of the Cosmo/Playboy narrow-minded — and narrow-hipped — standard of female beauty and a bawdy appreciation of, er, generous rear ends." In Melody Maker'''s review of the album, "Baby Got Back" was named "worst of all" and "a hip hop "Fatty Bum Bum" and - Warning! Warning! - could be a novelty hit." Mark Coleman from Rolling Stone said the song "celebrates a section of the anatomy long revered by rappers ("beggin' for a piece of that bubble" is a new twist)."

Paragraph 3: Sortes Sanctorum (incipit Post solem surgunt stellae) is a late antique text that was used for divination by means of dice. The oldest version of the text may have been pagan, but the earliest surviving example—a 4th- or 5th-century Greek fragment on papyrus—is Christian. The original version had 216 answers available depending on three ordered throws of a single die. It was later revised down to 56 answers for a single throw of three dice. This version was translated into Latin by the time of the council of Vannes (465), which condemned its use. The Latin version was subsequently revised to render it more acceptable to ecclesiastical authorities. This Latin version survives in numerous manuscripts from the early 9th century through the 16th, as well as in Old Occitan and Old French translations. Beginning in the 13th century, the text was sometimes known as the Sortes Apostolorum, a title it shares with at least two other texts.

Paragraph 4: The convoy left Moscow on 12 August, despite any evidence of a concrete agreement as to where the convoy would go or what it would carry. It consisted of 280 army lorries, painted white, and was said to carry  of goods, "including grain, sugar, medicine, sleeping bags and power generators". A spokesman for the ICRC said that the Russian government had not provided "basic details" about the contents or route of the lorries. There were suggestions that the convoy was a trojan horse (or "Trojan centipede") operation, to "smuggle weapons to rebel militias rapidly running low on fuel and ammunition" Andriy Lysenko, a spokesman for the National Security and Defence Council of Ukraine, said that there were "three conditions" that had to be met by the Russian convoy: it should cross the border at a post controlled by the State Border Guard, it should be accompanied by ICRC workers, and it should clearly state its destination, its route, and what it carried. The Russian government said that its destination was Shebekino-Pletenivka border crossing, in Kharkiv Oblast. The convoy stopped in central Russia, about  from that border crossing, as Ukrainian Internal Affairs minister Arsen Avakov said "no humanitarian convoy of Putin's will be allowed to cross the territory". After some time, the convoy continued to Rostov Oblast. It headed toward insurgent-controlled Izvaryne border crossing, rather than the government-controlled Shebekino-Pletenivka in Kharkiv Oblast that had been agreed. It stopped in a field at Kamensk-Shakhtinsky,  from Izvaryne. Inspectors from the State Border Guard of Ukraine were sent to the field on 15 August to examine the contents of the convoy. The convoy drove to the insurgent-held Izvaryne border crossing on 17 August, after having been declared "legal" by the Ukrainian government. Despite this, the State Border Guard said that they had received no paperwork from the convoy, and the Red Cross had not yet given the convoy clearance to cross into Ukraine, citing "security issues". In a press briefing on 19 August, a spokesman for the National Security and Defence Council of Ukraine said that an advance team of Red Cross workers was sent to the Izvaryne border crossing to assess the convoy, and to organise transport of its cargo to Luhansk. He also said that work on processing the convoy had been delayed because the DPR and LPR had not guaranteed the safety of the Red Cross workers that are meant to drive the convoy to its destination. The Red Cross gave the convoy instructions on how to deliver the goods to Luhansk on 21 August. The instructions dictated that the lorries should drive directly to the delivery point, and must be escorted by the ICRC at all times. Despite these instructions, the convoy entered Ukraine without customs clearance or an ICRC escort on 22 August. SBU chief Valentyn Nalyvaichenko said that this was tantamount to a "direct invasion", and the Red Cross said that it was not part of the moving convoy "in any way". The convoy was escorted into Ukraine by pro-Russian forces affiliated with New Russia. After delivering its cargo somewhere in Luhansk Oblast, the convoy crossed back into Russia at Izvaryne on 23 August.

Paragraph 5: Meanwhile, Raj and Priya come to Goa, where they run into a drunkard loitering near the mansion. The drunkard runs away on seeing them. On seeing the state of the house, they realise that Sonia has been robbed, but are later horrified to see Sonia dead. The duo run, but find that the child is left inside the mansion. Raj enters the mansion again to take him. He sees two eyes and legs of the killer behind a cupboard. Terrified, he gets out of the mansion with the child. Raj and Priya then inform Goa police about the murder. They keep the child inside a police van and run away. But Priya finds that she has left her suitcase inside the mansion inside which her passport is kept. Meanwhile, audience watch that Sonia's body is kept inside Priya's suitcase by somebody and kept outside the mansion. KK reaches the mansion and finds the suitcase. Thinking that it is containing lot of money, he takes it and reaches his room in hotel where Ruby is waiting for him. Meanwhile, Raj and Priya go back to the mansion to take her suitcase. Raj enters the mansion, but is arrested by Inspector Karan, the investigating officer and Ravi. Raj refuses to name Priya and it warms her heart as she watches on. Meanwhile, KK and Ruby find out that the suitcase contains a dead body, not money. They decide to dispose of the suitcase. Meanwhile, Priya takes Vicky to a church to drop him off but is seen by Rocky with the kid. As it was on the news to inform cops about a young girl with a kid, Rocky calls the police. Priya, who had wanted to help Raj, instead gets arrested and sent to jail. Priya and Raj become the prime suspects of the murder. Inside the jail, both fall for each other.

Paragraph 6: Morton claimed that he could define the intellectual ability of a race by the skull capacity. A large volume meant a large brain and high intellectual capacity, and a small skull indicated a small brain and decreased intellectual capacity. He was reputed to hold the largest collection of skulls, on which he based his research. He claimed that each race had a separate origin, and that a descending order of intelligence could be discerned that placed Caucasians at the pinnacle and Negroes at the lowest point, with various other race groups in between. His research of ancient Egyptians was meant to show that this racial hierarchy had always existed and should remain in place. When confronted with evidence that many ancient Egyptians had dark skin like other Africans, Morton used skull measurements to corroborate the words of Georges Curvier: "whatever may have been the hue of their skin, they belonged to the same race with ourselves." Aside from this occasionally dark-skinned Caucasian ruling class, Morton's skull measurements led him to admit "Negroes were numerous in Egypt but their social position in ancient times was the same that it now is, that of servants and slaves." Morton's scholarship greatly contributed to Egyptology and several other disciplines adopting the Hamitic Hypothesis, the idea that civilization is antithetical to Negroes and a legacy of the Caucasian race such that any evidence of civilization in Africa must have derived from Caucasian presence or influence. Morton's skull collection was held at the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia until 1966, when it was transferred to the Penn Museum, where it is presently curated.

Paragraph 7: In 1720, the Dutch East India Company built a fort and factory called Lijdzaamheid (Lydsaamheid) on the spot of Lourenço Marques (now Maputo), since April 1721 governed by an Opperhoofd (chief factor), under authority of the Dutch Cape Colony, interrupted by Taylor's pirate occupation from April 1722 to 28 August 1722; in December 1730 the settlement was abandoned. Thereafter the Portuguese had—intermittently—trading stations in the Espírito Santo estuary. These stations were protected by small forts, usually incapable, however, of withstanding attacks by the natives. In 1779 the Austrian ship "Joseph und Theresia" of the Austrian East India Company lands at the bay and the Austrians erect the St. Joseph and St. Maria forts. In 1778, an Austrian expedition led by English adventurer William Bolts established a trading factory at Delagoa Bay. The factory, composed of 155 men and a number of women, traded in ivory, reaching as high as 75,000 pounds per year until the factory was expelled by the Portuguese in 1781.

Paragraph 8: The robust nasal bones, preserved in a single specimen, are widest at the front, a feature unusual among placentals that is also seen in armadillos, and are also unusually flat. The ethmoid labyrinth, in the nasal cavity, was large, suggesting that Plesiorycteropus had a good sense of smell. A much larger part of the nasal septum, which separates the left and right nasal cavities, is ossified than usual in other mammals; MacPhee could find a similar condition only in sloths, which have a very short nose. The lacrimal bone is relatively large. At it is a single lacrimal canal, which opens near the suture between the frontal and lacrimal bones, like in lipotyphlans. There is a small tubercle (absent in aardvarks) near this opening. The orbital cavity, which houses the eyes, is relatively short, similar to the situation in pangolins and armadillos. A distinct tubercle is present on the suture between the frontal and parietal bones in P. germainepetterae, but not P. madagascariensis. P. madagascariensis has a more expansive braincase and a less pronounced narrowing between the orbits. The foramen rotundum, an opening in the bone of the orbit, is present. The optic canal, which houses the nerves leading to the eyes, is narrow, suggesting that the eyes were small, similar to many other tenrecoids. As in pangolins and xenarthrans, little of the squamosal bone can be seen from above. The temporal lines on the braincase, which anchor muscles, are located lower in P. germainepetterae. Like in aardvarks, the parietals are relatively large. An interparietal bone is present. Unlike in anteaters and pangolins, the occiput (the back of the skull) is flat and vertical. Plesiorycteropus lacks notches above the foramen magnum (the opening that connects the brain to the spinal cord), which are present in aardvarks. The nuchal crest, a projection on the occiput, is straight in P. madagascariensis, but in P. germainepetterae it is interrupted in the middle, similar to the situation in armadillos and hyraxes.

Paragraph 9: The film begins with a protest under the strong leadership of trade unionist Anand Babu to enhance the lives of struggling labourers. Anand Babu leads a happy family life with his wife, Shantamma, and two sons, Vijay & Ravi. The factory management tries to bribe him but he does not yield then they show life threat to his family, so, he surrenders to them. Furious, labourers attack him, everyone looks at him as a traitor, so, he leaves the home and roams around aimlessly. Shantamma leaves the town along with children and starts working as a labourer. Vijay also assists her mother to educate his younger brother but Vijay becomes an atheist who never enters into the temple only accompanies his mother & brother and sits at its steps. Years roll by, Vijay works in the harbour as Coolie No. 786 where a worker Rahim advises him not to lose that badge as it is a lucky charm to him. Ravi becomes a graduate, moves to police training and loves the Police Commissioner's daughter Geetha. Parallelly, at the harbour, Vijay revolts against the atrocities made by a gangster Bhujangam. Discerning Vijay, Rambabu, another gangster appoints him as a white knight. Vijay courageously succeeds several tasks and every time his badge 786 shields him. Time passes, Vijay becomes a deadly gangster, gets acquaintance with a club dancer Anitha and they fall in love. Meanwhile, Ravi returns as a police officer, learns the reality and requests his brother to surrender but he refuses, so, Ravi leaves the house along with his mother. After that, an unknown person is found dead in a railway compartment, Ravi recognises him as his father Anand Babu after his funeral, Shantamma becomes sick and hospitalised. By the time, Ravi takes to warrant against Vijay and surrounds the hospital. As there is no other alternative, Vijay visits the temple and prays the god, the next day, when Shantamma recovers feels happy to know that her son has entered the temple for her. Thereafter, Vijay finds Anita is pregnant so, he decides to abandon from the underworld to marry her and also make confess for the forgiveness of his mother. Vijay informs his mother that he is coming to the temple as a reformed person but unfortunately, Anita is slaughtered by Bhujangam. In that rage, Vijay bursts out and kills Bhujangam. At last, in the final clash, Ravi pleads Vijay to surrender but he keeps trust in his badge and starts running. But his attempt fails as the badge slips and he is wounded to Ravi's bullet. Finally, Vijay reaches the temple and dies in his mother's lap and ultimately, Ravi is felicitated for pursuing justice.

Paragraph 10: A digital ion trap (DIT) is an ion trap having a trapping waveform generated by the rapid switching between discrete high-voltage levels. The timing of the high voltage switch is controlled precisely with digital electronic circuitry. Ion motion in a quadrupole ion trap driven by a rectangular wave signal was theoretically studied in 1970s by Sheretov, E.P. and Richards, J.A. Sheretov also implemented the pulsed waveform drive for the quadrupole ion trap working in mass-selective instability mode, although no resonance excitation/ejection was used. The idea was substantially revisited by Ding L. and Kumashiro S. in 1999, where the ion stability in the rectangular wave quadrupole field was mapped in the Mathieu space a-q coordinate system, with the parameters a and q having the same definition as the Mathieu parameters normally used in dealing with sinusoidal RF driven quadrupole field. The secular frequency dependence on the a, q parameters was also derived thus the foundation was laid for many modern ion trap operation modes based on the resonance excitation. Also, in 1999, Peter T.A. Reilly began trapping and subsequently ablating and mass analyzing the product ions from nanoparticles obtained from car exhaust with a primitive hybrid square wave/sine wave driven 3D ion trap. In 2001 Reilly attended the 49th American Society for Mass Spectrometry (ASMS) Conference on Mass Spectrometry and Applied Topics where he presented his nanoparticle mass analysis work and met Li Ding for the first time. Reilly suggested to Ding at that time that they should focus the DIT for analysis in the high mass range where other instruments could not compete. However, work published by Ding and Shimadzu over the years following the 2001 meeting were focused on development of square wave driven DIT's in the conventional mass range of commercial instrumentation. During this time Reilly began developing digital waveforms to increase the mass range of quadrupole-based mass spectrometers and ion traps that operate with rectangular waveforms. Over the course of eighteen years, the Reilly group contributed substantially to the development of modern digital waveform technology (DWT), its implementation and characterization, methods of waveform generation, and general theory which includes but is not limited to stability diagrams, the pseudopotential model, and more recently digital quadrupole acceptance. In parallel to Reilly's achievements but also working separately, the Ding group at the Shimadzu Research Lab continued to implement their digital drive technology for a 3D ion trap. Finally, after 18 years Shimadzu unveiled a bench top MALDI square wave driven 3D ion trap mass spectrometer that was designed to work in the higher mass range at the 2019 ASMS conference. The DIT technology has also been developed and implemented in the linear and 3D quadrupole ion traps by many other groups around the world.

Paragraph 11: MIBR started off group B by thrashing its compatriots in Sharks Esports as Leonardo "leo_drunky" Oliveira went the whole map without getting a kill; although he did get two kills, he killed one of his teammates and killed himself to set his kill total back to zero. NRG and North had an extremely close game, but NRG managed to come out in the end after winning four of the last five rounds. Ghost could not keep up its superb EPL season against mousesports as the majority-Canadian team could not get much done on either side of the map. Natus Vincere (Na'Vi) and ORDER played in a sloppy game, but Na'Vi came back from a 10–5 deficit and then again at 14–13 to barely scrape past the Australians to move on in the winner's bracket. Sharks pulled off a massive upset over North, and the win was not a close one as Sharks completely dominated the Danes. In the other lower bracket game, Ghost easily took down ORDER in the first map, but was forced to come back from an 8–13 deficit in the second map as Ghost eliminated the Australians. MIBR and NRG dominated each other's picks, but MIBR came back from a 5–10 deficit and then a 12-15 disadvantage to go on and win in overtime to secure a playoffs spot. Na'Vi was able to win its initial match when, in the past, the win eluded them, but the CIS team was smashed by mousesports as mousesports cruised its way to a playoff berth. Na'Vi easily defeated Sharks in two maps to send South America's representative home. Ghost and NRG had a very close series. NRG barely defeated Ghost in the first map and Ghost had only a slightly easier time in the second map. In the third map, NRG had a comfortable 11-4 halftime lead, but its performance against MIBR nearly replicated itself as Ghost came all the way back to win the game 16–14, thanks in part to Yassine "Subroza" Taoufik's 26 kills. In the final winner's match, MIBR barely defeated mousesports, but then easily took the second map to win the group. In the lower bracket side, Ghost surprisingly took the first map against Na'Vi. In the second map, Na'Vi had a 15–11 lead, but Ghost came back to tie the game; however, Na'Vi was able to win the game in overtime. Na'Vi carried that momentum and took advantage of Ghost's inexperience to easily take the third map and take the final playoff spot.

Paragraph 12: Upon experiencing an emotional breakdown, Jackson began facing a long-term case of depression. She in turn developed her new record as a concept album, using introspection as its theme. Its title is a metaphor for emotional boundaries, as well as an allusion to an individual's need to feel special. Its lyrics address subject matter such as depression, self-worth, social networking, and domestic violence. It also encompasses themes of sexuality, including BDSM, sexual orientation and same-sex relationships. Due to its sexually explicit content, the album reinforced Jackson's public image as a sex symbol and as one of the most erotic vocalists of the 1990s. Its incorporation of social issues regarding sexual orientation and combating homophobia also established her reputation as a gay icon and received the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Music.

Paragraph 13: The supervillain Helmut Zemo took the Citizen V name for his imposture as a superhero when various superheroes were thought to be killed. Claiming to be John Watkins' grandson, Helmut took the name as an ironic taunt, due to the fact that his father had murdered the original war hero. Helmut assembled a group of villains and changed their costumes and codenames to pretend to be a new superhero team. Helmut's leadership and fighting abilities allowed him to successfully pose as Citizen V. Eventually, Helmut revealed himself as a villain and was defeated by the Avengers, the Fantastic Four and the Thunderbolts that turned against him. This marked the end of Helmut's Citizen V tenure and he went back to using the Baron Zemo title. Helmut would eventually come into conflict with a subsequent Citizen V (Dallas Riordan). Eventually, Zemo had the opportunity to play Citizen V for a second time: Helmut gets beheaded after a battle with Scourge (a.k.a. Nomad), and his mind was ironically arranged to end up in the comatose body of John Watkins III. Helmut took back the Citizen V identity, and due to a deal worked out between the V-Battalion and the CSA he began recruiting members for the Redeemers. As Citizen V, he soon discovered that Baron Strucker was the mastermind that manipulated Henry Peter Gyrich into sending Scourge; Helmut got his revenge by chopping off Strucker's hand. Helmut returned to the Redeemers, but they were soon wiped out by Graviton. Helmut escaped the battle, but perhaps due to Watkins's influence, he came back to fight Graviton with the re-assembled Thunderbolts. The battle ended with the Thunderbolts being sent to Counter-Earth. The V-Battalion had tried to teleport Citizen V away and were successful but due to a fluke, Helmut's mind was not transported with Watkins's body and Helmut found himself trapped in the Fixer's tech-pack (later, he had the Fixer place his mind into his Counter-Earth counterpart's body).

Paragraph 14: The most distinctive characteristic of Masiakasaurus is the forward-projecting, or procumbent, front teeth. The teeth are heterodont, meaning that they have different shapes along the jaw. The first four dentary teeth of the lower jaw project forward, with the first tooth angled only 10° above the horizontal. These teeth are long and spoon-shaped with hooked edges. They have carinae, or sharp edges, that are weakly serrated. Serrations are more evident along the rear edge the posterior teeth in the back of the jaw, which are also recurved and laterally compressed (flattened from the side), resembling the less unusual teeth of other carnivorous dinosaurs. The margin of the dentary curves downward so that the alveoli (tooth sockets) of the front teeth are directed forward. In fact, the alveolus of the first tooth is actually situated lower than the bottom edge of the rest of the lower jaw. The lower part of the rear edge of the dentary has a long prong, known as a ventral process. This differs from the situation in abelisaurids, which have a much shorter ventral process. On the other hand, the upper part of the rear edge of the dentary is very similar to that of abelisaurids such as Majungasaurus and Carnotaurus. This part of the bone possesses an array of four small structures, three of which line a socket which connects to the surangular bone at the back of the lower jaw. Although the surangular bone is not preserved, several other bones of the lower jaw are, including a triangular angular bone, a gently curving prearticular bone, and a damaged yet notably concave articular bone. The angular and prearticular formed the lower edge of a large and rounded in the lower jaw (known as a mandibular fenestra) while the articular bone formed the lower part of the jaw joint. A long and tapering hyoid (tongue bone) has also been preserved.

Paragraph 15: The song received very positive reviews. Aspects lauded were the vocal delivery, rhyme pattern, production and political material covered. Cynthia Fuchs of PopMatters was positive: "In 'The Way I Am', Eminem expounds, 'Since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse / And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works / And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve / All this tension, dispensin' these sentences.' So there it is: he's performing therapy." AllMusic highlighted the song. Sputnikmusic described this song as "Amityville's portrayal of the Detroit he grew up in; 'The Way I Am' as a whole". Same critic listed it in Recommended Downloads and praising the single: "Built over doomy, gothic arpeggios, rumbling bass, and church bells, Eminem lays down one of the most perfectly formed lyrics of his career, weaving in and out of a tight rhyme scheme that echoes the loping piano motif. Interesting aside: this is one of the first Eminem songs that gives him 100% of the writing credits." IGN praised the song: "Eminem is an angry ass white boy and the vitriol continues on 'The Way I Am', in which he soundly states 'I am whatever you say I am / If I wasn't why would I say I am?' And when he complains that he's 'so sick and tired of being admired...', one almost believes that he'll hang up the mic and disappear (but Em obviously loves the attention so that's not an option at this point in the game). The throbbing, tubular bell and piano laced beat only add to the intensity of the track (incidentally it was crafted by Em himself and it's one of the more stellar examples of his often hit or miss production techniques)." Sal Cinquemani called this song: "He (Eminem) revels in the fact that there's teen violence in upper-class cities on the epic 'The Way I Am'. The song was named the 35th Best Song of the decade by the magazine Complex. The same magazine, in April 2011, ranked the song at #3 on their 100 Best Eminem Songs list. The line, "If I wasn't, then why would I say I am" was taken from the song "As The Rhyme Goes On" by Eric B. & Rakim from the album Paid in Full .

Paragraph 16: The music video opens with Ed Sheeran who is first seen sitting down in a lonely dark room save for the sunlight that shines beside him with footages featuring his love interest and fellow boxer (Jennie Pegouskie) and his upcoming match. As the song begins, we see Sheeran shadowboxing while Pegouskie is already at the gym ready for the workout. She hangs herself at the punching bag doing sit-up and stretches herself. A little while later, Pegouskie shadowboxes and punches a punching bag when Sheeran lately arrives at the training carrying a bag with him. After Sheeran places his bag at the closet, he proceeds to train himself for his upcoming match trained by a personal trainer along with Pegouskie who still warms up herself. Later, Sheeran and Pegouskie head out of the gym towards a restaurant while bonding each other. Upon arriving, the couple eat and shared foods like canoodling over a fried chicken as they have an intimate conversation with each other, although their dialogue is entirely mute. Afterwards, Sheeran and his girlfriend ride a taxi and make out at the back seat while the taxi driver does not notice this as he is focusing on driving. Back at the gym, Sheeran and Pegouskie physically trained hard doing various training exercises. While training, the couple embraced each other and teach one other, eventually falling in love with each other in the process. Later, Pegouskie leaves a picture and a box to Sheeran in a closet and seemingly abandons him. The scene cuts back to Sheeran who discovers a picture and a black box both seen earlier with the latter containing a blue mouthguard featuring a "÷" symbol at the front. Realizing that his girlfriend had left him (unbeknownst to him, she already is at a passenger ship), He starts to search for her to no avail. In response to her disappointing departure, Sheeran lets out his frustration and proceeds to an intense workout that includes tire-flipping, shadowboxing, sit-up, running and push-up. Later, Sheeran participates a match he has anticipated throughout the clip but he unexpectedly encounters a Rikishi or a sumo wrestler (Yamamotoyama Ryūta), much to his shock. During the match, Sheeran is seen almost always avoiding Yama who constantly chases him and the latter fails to defeat the Rikishi. Sheeran ends up getting defeated and is thrown at the edge of the ring crying in agony with the crowd encouraging him to stand up. Towards the end of the video, Yama wins the match but Pegouskie emerges the scene among the crowd flying into the ring with a karate kick in the air aiming towards Yama as the scene cuts to black with the text that reads “DIRECTED BY: JASON KOENIG”. Sheeran is last seen at the end of the music video struggling to get up while lying down on the floor but he fails to do so.

Paragraph 17: With increased cyber threats and attacks, legislation has evolved to incorporate how to establish responsibility in the event of a breach. Key terms in privacy bills and laws cite 'reasonable security' or 'duty of care' as a requirement of organizations when managing sensitive data. If a company manages private information such as social security numbers (SSN) or personal health information (PHI), it is their responsibility to practice 'duty of care' and establish 'reasonable controls' to protect this data. For example, if a hacker group attacks a bank with ransomware, and they exfiltrate all their client data - who is responsible for potential wire fraud, identity theft, and costs for litigation? Businesses are required to demonstrate they have implemented a security strategy based on their risk profile, as it is specific for each working environment. Legislation is outlining specific roles for executives in order to carry out 'duty of care' properly, as in the case of the Colorado Privacy Act. It states, "A controller shall take reasonable measures to secure personal data during both storage and use from unauthorized acquisition. The data security practices must be appropriate to the volume, scope, and nature of the personal data processed and the nature of the business." The New York Privacy Act (NYPA) also proposed a 'duty of care' for risk assessments by controllers regarding personal data.

Paragraph 18: In Mick's absence, Linda hires a new bar manager, Woody Woodward (Lee Ryan) and agrees with Shirley to sell The Queen Vic's freehold in order to solve their financial problems. Mick returns and walks in on Whitney and Woody in bed after having sex. He then punches Woody and throws him out. He later learns that Shirley and Linda sold the freehold of The Queen Vic behind his back and forged his signature, and turns to alcohol to deal with the stress. He also learns that Max Branning (Jake Wood) set up the deal, and confronts him, branding him a snake and warning him to stay away from him. He then kisses a vulnerable Whitney who responds. Shirley learns of the kiss and tells Whitney to pack her bags and leave. When Mick learns that Shirley did this, he drunkenly throws a glass at her, but instantly regrets it and cries, saying he no longer knows himself. Mick tells Linda about the kiss on her return but is then left devastated when she tells him their relationship is over. Later, Linda agrees to give Mick another chance but when her admits he made a failed attempt to pay Whitney off with £200, Linda slaps him. Following a reconciliation and a holiday, Mick discovers Linda had cancer and did not tell him, so he leaves her. However, they get back together the following day. The freeholders of the pub, Grafton Hill, demand £60,000 for structural repairs, saying they will be evicted if they do not pay. Business consultant Fi Browning (Lisa Faulkner) tells them she has reduced it to £50,000, which they manage to raise. However, James Willmott-Brown (William Boyde) claims to own the pub, and Fi, his daughter, denies reducing the debt; the family are given a month to leave the pub. They tell James they will take the company to court, but James reveals that he knows Mick's signature was forged on the paperwork, so the Carters start looking for a new home. Mick turns down a pub in Stratford-upon-Avon after meeting Aidan Maguire (Patrick Bergin), who is arranging a robbery and he manipulates Mick into joining his team, along with Phil, Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood) and Keanu Taylor (Danny Walters). Mick is shot in the arm by Callum "Halfway" Highway (Tony Clay) during the heist and is treated by Mariam Ahmed (Indira Joshi). Mick recovers, but the money they stole then goes missing. Halfway, who is an army friend of Lee's, moves into The Queen Vic, and the Carters are able to buy back the pub from Fi when Halfway gives them a ring he stole during the heist that is worth £200,000. This causes Aidan to suspect Mick of stealing the money, so he has a drug dealer start dealing from the Vic's toilets. When Mick tries to stop this, Aidan threatens to take The Queen Vic from them, as he has already taken The Albert bar from Vincent, and also threatens to hurt Johnny, who has moved away, and Nancy. Linda has the drug dealer arrested so Aidan threatens to have Mick killed. Mel Owen (Tamzin Outhwaite) gives Mick the number of a hitman, and when Mick discovers Aidan has covered The Queen Vic hallway as well as Ollie in petrol, the Carters agree to contact him to get rid of Aidan, but Linda stops it. The Carters then prepare to leave for Watford but Mick returns to The Queen Vic at the last minute to confront Aidan. He stands up to Aidan but Aidan beats him with his cane. He's stopped when Jack Branning (Scott Maslen), Billy, Linda, Shirley and Ted barge in and stop him. Aidan calls on his henchman and he threatens to set the pub on fire unless Mick makes an apology. He's forced to say sorry and Aidan leaves but gets punched by Phil and is warned off by Phil's knowledge that Aidan murdered Luke Browning (Adam Astill), giving back the Carters control of The Queen Vic.

Paragraph 19: There are two USGS stream gauges on Noonday Creek, both operating since October 2000 and reporting via uplink to GOES weather satellites.  The first is at Hawkins Store Road, at the south end of Noonday Creek Park.  This is at ,  AMSL, and has a watershed area of .  This has location identifier NDYG1 and is reported to be  north-northwest of Blackwells.  The second is at Shallowford Road, just downstream (north) at the other end of the park, next to the entrance to the water treatment plant.  This is at ,  AMSL, with a watershed area of , including Little Noonday Creek. This is identified as NOOG1 and is reported as "near Woodstock".  Both streamflow and stage (depth) are reported at both locations, with a rain gauge also at the latter.  The National Weather Service does not issue river flood warnings or statements for this creek as it does for Sope Creek and others in the area, nor did it set an official flood stage for it until after the 2005 flood.  Minor flood stage is now considered to be , while major flood is , both at the Shallowford gauge.  The highest the original gauges could read was , replaced with  ones after the 2005 flood.

Paragraph 20: Harrison's acclaimed triple album All Things Must Pass (1970) was certified six-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in March 2001 and, as of 2011, was still the most successful album by an ex-Beatle. All Things Must Pass produced the international number 1 hit "My Sweet Lord", which was coupled as a double A-side with "Isn't It a Pity" in the majority of countries. In 1971 Harrison recorded pop music's first charity single, "Bangla Desh", and released the Concert for Bangladesh triple live album (credited to George Harrison & Friends) to raise further funds for refugees of the Bangladesh Liberation War. His 1973 album Living in the Material World and the single "Give Me Love (Give Me Peace on Earth)" repeated the US success of his 1970 solo releases by simultaneously holding the number 1 position on Billboard'''s albums and singles charts. The remainder of his 1970s studio albums, starting with Dark Horse (1974), were all certified gold by the RIAA but performed disappointingly on the UK albums chart. Following the expiration of his EMI-affiliated Apple contract, Thirty Three & 1/3 (1976) was Harrison's debut release on his Dark Horse label, distributed worldwide by Warner Bros. Records.

Paragraph 21: Revolutionary changes in the curriculum of pharmaceutical education were one of Dr. Prescott’s biggest accomplishments. Throughout the nineteenth century, a prerequisite for the higher level pharmaceutical study was based mostly on apprenticeship programs where pharmacists learned on a practical basis. According to professor Edward Parrish, member of the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy, the goal of the apprenticeship programs were to give students a pre-professional experience and prepare them for admission to courses offered by colleges. However, there were no legal requirements for preparatory training in high school prior to the enrollment in an apprenticeship program. So College of Pharmacy continued to enroll students that were experts on memorizing drug names and doing hands-on work but lacked in fundamental knowledge of basic science. Once Dr. Prescott gained responsibility of the School of Pharmacy in University of Michigan, he took quite an innovative step by launching a program that not only offered extensive laboratory experience in basic science but also eliminated the requirement for apprenticeship for the first time in history. Many including, the editor of American Journal of Pharmacy, William Procter were skeptical about the merit of the diploma offered at the University due to such non-traditional course requirements. Dr. Prescott was even denied to be a delegate to the American Pharmaceutical Association (APhA) meeting in 1871. According to the clause of byLaws of APhA, “All colleges of Pharmacy or local Pharmaceutical Organizations shall be entitled to five representatives” but the University of Michigan did not fall under the definition of School of Pharmacy or Pharmaceutical Organization due to its different curriculum. Following the report of APhA, Dr.  Prescott presented his response saying that apprenticeship was not the best way to teach students since it ignored the nature of materials the students deal with. He further supported his argument by saying that “the pharmacist that trained the apprentice was also a recipient of a non-scientifically oriented apprenticeship” so there was no net advancement in actual pharmaceutical knowledge. Besides advocating for laboratory-based pharmaceutical education, he promoted preparatory courses prior to college enrollment. He made “three years' schooling in Latin and German, algebra through quadratic equations, botany, and elementary physics, besides arithmetic through involution and evolution, and the correct writing of English” a requirement for the University of Michigan prior to enrollment to ensure proper understanding for the higher level courses. Dr. Prescott’s innovative steps might not have been welcomed at first but eventually, educators and leaders in charge of pharmaceutical education realized the importance of his acts and adapted to the new changes.

Paragraph 22: Duck claimed to support "restoring fiscal responsibility to Washington" by eliminating "the culture of corruption and fraud, (reexamining) current spending to match current priorities, and (rolling) back the tax cut for the top two percent of Americans". His infrastructure platform called for ensuring that Maryland can "support water, sewer, transportation and education" while preserving "open spaces... rural heritage (and) affordable housing". On education, he supports increased funding and claims that the No Child Left Behind Act has been a failure due to underfunding and a lack of flexibility. He was an advocate of gun ownership restrictions and sought to reduce gun violence by closing the gun show loophole, providing universal health care, including mental health care, and promoting the registration of weapons and a law enforcement focus on violent criminals and anti-gang initiatives. He supported energy independence, believing it can be achieved in 10 years; his proposals included "re-engineering federal buildings to reduce government energy consumption", raising Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards, increasing funding for mass transit, requiring disclosure of home energy costs and offering tax "incentives for energy conservation and (the) use of mass transit." He opposed partially privatizing Social Security. He also advocated federal legislation to change bankruptcy protection so that individuals' retirement is "safe and secure". He supported universal health care and environmental protection, which he claimed was rolled back by the George W. Bush Administration. Specifically, on the environment, he supported the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act and opposed drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge; he believed that the Healthy Forests Initiative and the Clear Skies Act have a negative impact on the environment. Though his website does not cover the issue, Duck has been described as supporting civil unions as the first step towards marriages equality, and supports equal rights for the LGBTQ community.

Paragraph 23: He was not offered a professional contract at Chesterfield by manager Arthur Cox and so left the club without making a senior appearance at Saltergate. However, he was soon spotted playing amateur football in Nunthorpe by Hartlepool United manager Billy Horner. Houchen joined the "Monkey Hangers" on non-contract terms, before turning professional in February 1978, signing a one-year contract on £30 a week. When he arrived at the Victoria Park, Hartlepool were a struggling Fourth Division club. He made his debut in a 1–1 home draw with Crewe Alexandra. Though grateful for the opportunity and training, Houchen lamented that "we used to have a mad rush to the bank to cash our cheques. Only about six of them would go through and the rest would bounce." He scored his first senior goal against Barnsley on 24 March 1978. He scored further goals against Darlington, Rochdale and Newport County to end the 1977–78 campaign with four goals in 13 games. He played regular first team football in 1978–79, and scored 13 goals in 42 games to become the club's top scorer. He then went on to score 14 goals in 44 games in 1979–80, as the club finished 19th, just two points above the re-election zone. His goalscoring record attracted the attention of bigger clubs, however club chairman Vince Barker told Reading that even if Houchen was available then they would not be able to afford him. His exploits continued into the following season, and the club rejected bids of up to £80,000 from Plymouth Argyle and Cardiff City. He scored 17 goals in 48 appearances in 1980–81, yet again becoming the club's top scorer, as Hartlepool were in the promotion hunt until a late spell of bad form sent them down the table to ninth. He hit 19 goals in 38 games in 1981–82 to become the club's top-scorer for a fourth consecutive season. However, having scored 65 goals in 170 league appearances, Houchen wanted a move to a bigger club at a higher division; he regularly handed in transfer requests, but all were ignored by the club.

Paragraph 24: The season was not without confrontation, as O'Neal in one team meeting said, "I have something to say. I think Kobe is playing too selfishly for us to win." O'Neal felt pressure to be leader of the team and was upset with Bryant's shot selection. Teammate Ron Harper helped mediate the differences between O'Neal and Bryant. According to Jackson, "Kobe didn't have a selfish agenda; he just felt that the way he had been playing was the best way he could contribute. Gradually, he's seen there is a different way to contribute that incorporates more of the team." Upon arriving at the Lakers that season, Winter said he was stunned to discover the level of hatred O'Neal expressed toward Bryant. "There was a lot of hatred in [O'Neal's] heart ... Kobe just took it and kept going." O'Neal regularly expressed to management that he did not believe the team could win a championship with Bryant. Winter observed that O'Neal influenced the entire team against Bryant. Winter thought that Bryant made it a point to get the ball to O'Neal that year, but O'Neal did not appreciate what Bryant was doing to help him. During that season's All-Star Game, Bryant did not participate in the Slam Dunk Contest and a matchup against Vince Carter, following Jackson's request to pass on individual accomplishments to keep the focus on the team. During All-Star warm-ups, O'Neal mimicked Bryant's crossover dribble but threw the ball into the stands to accentuate Bryant's turnovers. O'Neal said it was an inside joke between Kobe and him. Jackson and Winter relied on the triangle offense to heal the relationship between O'Neal and Bryant. The coaches believed that the offense was so structured that the relationship between the two players would be smoother on the court. The coaches would also tell the team they did not see the selfishness in Bryant that the players saw. Winter even put together a video for O'Neal to show that Bryant was playing his role correctly.

Paragraph 25: Koehler attended Harvard College for his freshman and sophomore years, before entering the United States Naval Academy in 1905. In the summer between Harvard and Annapolis, Koehler gave a preview of his brazen ability to bluff that would serve him well in war-ravaged Germany and Russia fifteen years later. Hungry and broke, he and three friends drove to New York city from Cambridge, Massachusetts, after changing three tires along the way. Arriving in the city, Koehler suggested a trip to the theater. Marching up to the ticket window, he barked, "I say, gimmi mi tickets." The ticket-man politely asked "What name?" and Koehler gave his last name. Knowing the ticket-man would not find any tickets under "Koehler" and that the ticket agencies were closed, Koehler fumed, "call Tyson and see about it." Koehler's ploy worked, and the ticket agent offered them choice tickets that Koehler condescendingly took. Coming out of the theater later and still famished, the group headed up Fifth Avenue and bumped into one of Koehler's best friends who staked them for a meal. "We paid for the tickets the next day, for we thought we might want to work the same game again." Koehler wrote in a letter shortly after arriving at Annapolis, "Everybody in town, officers, professors, and 'cits', (fellow midshipmen) thinks it most extraordinary that I should go into the Academy ... they say that for a man who has tasted life at Harvard, it is a mighty hard thing to buckle down to the exact routine [and] discipline... in practice here [but] I am going to do my very best here, to make up for my past, and to do something for my future and for the future of the ones I love." What in the eighteen-year old Koehler's past he felt that he had to make up for is unclear. The stories of his arrival at Annapolis vary only in their "outrageousness": that he arrived with a horse and valet; another recounts a horse and cook. While at the academy, he maintained a pied-à-terre with a steward, where hot food was always available to all comers. He was known for his success as a ladies' man, often sending American Beauty roses to the objects of his affection. At Annapolis, Koehler qualified as a rifle expert shot in 1908, the highest level, and was awarded the Navy Sharpshooter's Badge. Somewhat presciently, the page entry for Koehler in the Naval Academy annual Lucky Bag contains two quotes from Shakespeare that were placed by the editors and intended to capture his essence, "The glass of fashion and the mold of form, the observed of all observers", and "I am not in the roll of common men." The yearbook editors' words are equally descriptive, "A capable, conceited man who cannot be bluffed." During the winter before Koehler graduated from Annapolis, his grandfather passed away. Before he died, Henry revealed the purported secret of Hugo's birth. He told Hugo that his father was not Oscar Koehler, but Rudolph, crown prince of Austria. There is no record of how Hugo responded to this shocking disclosure. But for the rest of his life, Koehler searched for some proof of this. He revealed the story to only his closest confidants, and speculated that the truth was locked in the archives of the Vatican, that could not be opened for 99-years, until 1987, long after his death.

Paragraph 26: P. anchises. Apex of the forewing distinctly, though only slightly, transparent. Male: tibiae and 1. segment of the tarsi thickened and covered with fine hairs; hindwing blue, strongly iridescent. female; the spot before the 1. median larger than the preceding spot. Colombia to South Brazil and Paraguay. The black-brown larva has on the first and on the penultimate segment two dorsal spots, and on each of the thoracic segments and the 8. and 9. abdominals one lateral spot; on the 6. and 7. segments is an oblique lateral band, sometimes broken up into spots. The dorsal humps on the pupa are three-edged and rather small. — alyattes Fldr. (4b, c). Male: the green area separate from the cell, enclosing at least one white spot, placed before the 2. median, many specimens with a second spot before the 1. median; the last spot on the inner surface of the hindwing larger than in P. iphidamas phalias. Female: cell-spot narrow; band of the hindwing entering the end of the cell, black outer margin wider than in iphidamas. Colombia, in the Magdalena Valley- and probably- on both sides of the Cordillera of Bogota. — serapis Boisd. Male: the green area very long and narrow, only- a little wider posteriorly than anteriorly; band of the hindwing consisting of at least five spots. Female: cell-spot large, almost triangular, the spot before the 1. median very large and the band on the hindwing very broad. North Colombia. The distribution of serapis and alyattes is only very imperfectly known. — osyris Fldr. (= xenares Fldr., toxaris Fldr., severus Fldr.) (4 b). Male: the green area of the forewing and the band of the hindwing broader than in serapis. Female: the cell-spot usually extending transversely across the cell; the band of the hindwing very little paler internally than externally. Venezuela. — cymochles Doubl. (= anacharsis Fldr.). Male : forewing with one to three spots; hindwing with three, occasionally four, red spots. Female: spots of the forewing purer white than in the preceding subspecies;cell-spot small; band of the hindwing almost unicolorous red, broadest in the middle. Trinidad, Paria Peninsida and Orinoco. — anchises L. (= telmosis Bates, toxaris Fldr.) (4 c). Male : green area narrow, sometimes wanting ; hindwing more strongly dentate than in the other forms , the red spots usually widely separated. Female: forewing without cell-spot or with merely a cell-streak, often without any spots; hindwing with a row of six or seven red spots, separated from one another. Dutch and French Guiana. — thelios  Gray (= hierocles Gray, aglaope Gray [partim.]) (5 a). Male : the green area triangular, enclosing one or two rather large white spots; hindwing with three or four red spots, of which the one before the 2. median is the largest. Female: forewing with at least two white spots, the one before the 2. median the largest; hindwing with seven or eight separated spots. Lower Amazon, from Para to Santarem; occurs in dry, sandy places in the forest, not in the swamps. — etias R.& J. Male: palpi sometimes almost without red scales; hindwing without a red spot before the 1. radial, or this spot very small. Female: spots on the forewing pure white, cellspot very small, two large white spots before and behind the 1. median. East Bolivia, found by J. Steinbach in December, January- and April–May. — orbignyanus Luc. (4 c). The red band on the hindwing of the male 

Paragraph 27: He was king of Connacht with opposition from 1189 to 1202 with Cathal Carragh Ua Conchobair, son of the previous king Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Conchobair, Crobhdearg's nephew. In 1190 a meeting was held at Clonfert to try and establish peace between the two claimants but was unsuccessful. Crobhdearg narrowly escaped drowning soon after when his ship was wrecked in a storm on Lough Ree, himself and six others being the only survivors, thirty-six others perishing. In 1195 he led a hosting into Munster destroying several castles and towns. By 1197 conflict had flared up between him and Rory O'Flaherty lord of west Connacht whereupon he was taken prisoner by Crobhdearg after having fled from him the previous year by sea to Thomond. In 1199 Crobhdearg made peace with Cathal Carragh granting him lands in Connacht, seemingly gaining recognition as undisputed king in return. In the same year he raided lands of the Normans in Connacht and the next year the foreigners of Meath with Rory O'Flaherty lord of west Connacht dying in his service on this expedition. Crobhdearg then turned on Cathal Carragh who managed to flee beforehand to the woods and defeat an army sent to pursue him by the king. Carragh then approached the Norman lord William de Burgh giving up his son to them as a guarantee of payment for their aid. They marched on Connacht with allies from Leinster, Thomond, Limerick and Dublin gaining the submission of many of the lords of Connacht forcing Crobhdearg to flee north first to Fermanagh, then the court of the O'Neill's gaining their backing for the kingship.

Paragraph 28: Dave Wilson Nursery is the largest wholesale grower of fruit trees for the home garden in the United States. It’s afamily-owned and operated nursery established in 1938, and now a corporation. It is one of the largest growers of deciduous fruit, nut and shade trees in the USA, farming more than  on a four-year rotation, growing more than two million trees a year. Its growing grounds are east of Modesto, California, near Hickman, California; and its regional office and variety test block are situated east of Reedley, California. The nursery, says its website, is the primary licensee and propagator (in the United States) of new fruit varieties developed by Zaiger's Genetics, including the Pluot and the Aprium.

Paragraph 29: The narrator is a young German landed in a French port. He misses the train to Germany, as the ship docks at a late hour. Thus, he has to spend a night in a city that is a stranger to him. Walking in the streets of the small city at night, he hears a woman singing Weber's Der Freischütz. Hearing his mother tongue in a French city attracts the young man and he follows the voice to find its source. Eventually, he finds what he is looking for: the voice is from a small bar-like brothel. When he attempts to get in, he suddenly sees a strange man peeking inside. As soon as the man sees him, he runs away. The narrator walks in and sits at one of the tables. It is midnight and he is the only guest at the bar. A fleshy, exhausted prostitute comes to him and orders alcohol with her German accent. The young man is uncomfortable with the bar's sultry atmosphere and the lackadaisical, tired prostitute – he decides to leave. But suddenly, the prostitute comes to life and bursts into laughter by looking at the door – the man who ran away is there again. The prostitute humiliates the man and tries to make him jealous by snuggling the narrator. The narrator feels sorry for the man and can't stand the prostitute's ruthlessness and therefore decides to leave. Walking in the labyrinthine alleys in the moonlight and trying to find his hotel, he suddenly hears a man offering help – it is the man at the bar. While walking together to the narrator's hotel, the strange man begins speaking swiftly. He says that the prostitute is his wife and due to his selfishness, she has left him and that he spent all of his wealth by running after her. The man asks the narrator to talk to his wife to make her return to him. The narrator is stumped and does not respond to any of his requests. The strange man continues talking and says that he can not stand seeing her with other men and that he will not leave her there alive – he talks about the knife he bought that day. The next day, the narrator tries to find the bar but the alleys look quite unfamiliar to him in the daylight. But when he goes by moonlight from his hotel to the night train, he suddenly notices the alley where the bar in. The man is, again, in front of the bar. When the man sees the narrator, he beckons to him. This makes the narrator worry and since he is about to miss the night train, he leaves the bar and the alley mercurially. At the last moment, the narrator hesitates as the man, with something silvery in his hands, determinedly enters the bar.

Paragraph 30: XII Corps was not among the assault formations on D Day (6 June 1944) and its subordinate formations and units were fed into the Normandy beachhead over the weeks following the landings. In fact, 86th A/T Rgt fought its first action under the orders of VIII Corps before XII Corps HQ had landed. This was in support of 43rd Wessex Division, 46th Highland Brigade (of 15th (Scottish) Division) and 31st Tank Brigade in an attack to capture Éterville, Maltot and Hill 112 (Operation Jupiter). The attack was launched early on 10 July behind a massive artillery barrage. The defending German Panzergrenadiers and Panzer IV tanks of 1st and 10th SS Panzer Divisions were supported by Tiger I tanks of 102nd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion. Although themselves heavily armoured, the Churchill tanks of 31st Tank Brigade were badly outgunned by tanks such as Tigers, so the thinly-armoured M10 Achilles of 86th A/T Rgt were sent up to give them covering fire with their long-range 17-pdrs. A sergeant of E Troop later complained that the regiment had spent three years training to defend captured ground, yet here they were being used in the offensive. E Troop accompanied C Squadron, 9th Royal Tank Regiment (9th RTR) attacking Éterville with 4th Dorsets. The attack went well, but it took the infantry longer than expected to winkle out the SS strongpoints. One of the open-topped M10s was knocked out by a mortar bomb. Meanwhile 7th RTR supported 129th Brigade's attack on Hill 112, the M10s dealing with a Tiger that had knocked out four Churchills, and then dealing with machine-guns nests. Tackling the strongly-defended crest of the hill the 17-pdrs of 86th's M10s were also useful support, some giving close support to the infantry, others standing back and engaging targets of opportunity. 130th Brigade's attack on Maltot went badly; 9th RTR's Churchills and the M10s were caught in a crossfire coming from the uncaptured part of Hill 112 and from beyond Éterville and took heavy casualties; 7th Hampshire Regiment got into the village but was almost destroyed. 4th Dorsets and E Troop of 86th A/T Rgt were sent to help, E Trp losing two more M10s, one to an airburst shell over the turret, the other to a direct hit by an 88mm gun. The remaining M10 took up a hull-down position to provide what support it could. A troop of towed 17-pdrs of 130 Bty was brought up to place an anti-tank screen round the south of the village while 4th Dorsets fought to suppress the strongpoints inside the village. The troop was overrun by a German counter-attack, and after firing all their small arms ammunition the crews had to remove the breechblocks from their guns and retreat to the infantry's slit trenches, losing half the troop in the process. The planned follow-up breakthrough by 4th Armoured Brigade was cancelled, and Maltot was evacuated, with few of the Dorsets or Hampshires getting back. At the end of the first day of bloody fighting day 43rd Division had Éterville and the northern half of Hill 112, while the Germans retained the southern half and Maltot, and the offensive fell into stalemate.