Paragraph 1: Each of the symbols on the Wheel represents one of the Racing Realms, inter-dimensional worlds that have tracks that go through a single element in the hardest way possible for driving conditions (there are only fifteen Realms in the series, twelve that were actually shown and three that the Drones had already completed before the beginning of the series, but only the AcceleChargers from those three are shown). The Drones have been entering the Realms, and each time a Realm is finished, the first driver to reach the end of the track obtains an AcceleCharger, which gives a car the ability to drive through any condition that relates to the realm that it was won in. Discovering that the Wheel hologram is always in sync with the actual Wheel, it functions as an inter-dimensional portal to the Racing Realms (it should also be noted that the Drones have their own Wheel hologram portal as well, due to them capturing the actual Wheel). The drivers enter the realms to try to stop the Drones but find it harder than the World Race because the Wheel itself decides when to open the Realms and that each Realm only stays open for one hour with no way out but the finish line.

Paragraph 2: Steph tells Mark that she cannot have another child due to her mental health. When Charlie returns to Fiji, Steph decides not to contest custody. She and Mark are saddened by Charlie's absence, and Sonya offers to be their surrogate, but they reject her offer. Steph arranges to meet Adam (Archie Campbell), her son with Dan, and Lucas brings him to Erinsborough. Steph is hospitalised after she crashes her motorbike. She and Mark accept Sonya's offer to be their surrogate. Steph, Mark, Toadie and Sonya meet with Victoria Lamb (Claudia Greenstone), a consultant, to discuss their feelings about the surrogacy. Victoria later informs Steph and Mark that Steph has low ovarian reserves. She urges them to think about whether they want to continue, and Steph breaks up with Mark. They later make up and agree to try one round of IVF, but Victoria informs them that they were not able to collect any viable eggs, ending their chance of conceiving a child together. Sonya then offers to be an egg donor and Steph agrees. The fertilisation goes ahead, but when Victoria and Paul warn Steph that Sonya might become attached to the baby, she asks Mark and Sonya to end the process. Steph also asks Sonya to take the morning-after pill, but she refuses. Mark proposes to Steph and she accepts. Sonya announces she is pregnant. Mark starts to spend more time around Sonya, which makes Steph feel left out. She forms a close relationship with Victoria, who develops feelings for Steph and later kisses her. Steph ends her relationship with Mark when she kisses Victoria. Steph's motorbike is damaged and she initially suspects Victoria's daughter Josie Lamb (Madison Daniel), who warns her to stay away from her mother. Steph soon learns that Victoria's former partner Ellen Crabb (Louise Crawford) was responsible. She and Victoria end their relationship.

Paragraph 3: Hull form for the vessel was developed based on a semi displacement hard chine form, flared forward in combination of built in spray rail to further improve the vessel's performance and planing at high speeds. The hull was initially developed and designed by Tenix using hydrostatics software Maxsurf and later sent to the Maritime Research Institute (MARIN) for review, which confirmed the predicted performance of the vessel. Seakeeping features includes sustained speeds of 12 knots in Sea State 4. Hull is of all-welded construction with grade 250 steel with aluminum superstructure including flight deck. Stern door constructed of aluminum alloy to reduce weight. Main propulsion consists of two medium speed Caterpillar 3612, producing 4,060 bkW at 1,000 rpm mounted with a flexible coupling connecting the flywheel to a clutchable Reintjes LAF 3445 reduction gearbox, gearbox ratio 2.515:1. The gearbox is hard mounted with a horizontally offset output driving a shaft line connected to acbLips four-bladed (Hub 4D710D) controllable-pitch propeller. Each propulsion train and ancillary systems are capable of operating independently. Port reduction gearbox provides a power take-off connection for the fire monitor pump which are used alongside firefighting capability. Main engines and auxiliaries are fueled by 109,762 liters of diesel, sufficient for an operational range of 1,000 nm at speeds of 24 knots and 2,000 nm at speeds of 15 knots, both with 10% remaining fuel. Electrical power is supplied by two Caterpillar 3406 generators sets each provides 260 ekW located in the forward area of the engine room. The design allows for the complete electric power demand to be supplied with only one generator. Emergency Caterpillar 3306 harbor generator located at main deck aft provides 105 ekW in case of main generator failure. The emergency set is air cooled and configured for automatic startup on loss of the ships main power. Main engine room is protected with a carbon dioxide extinguishing system. Aqueous Film Forming Foam (AFFF) is provided for protection of the flight deck via a mixed foam tank and proportioners. Electronics includes Furuno GPS with Furuno ARPA 26 plotter, Furuno X and S band radars, Furuno depth sounder, Furuno 8000 GMDSS, Furuno Inmarsat B and C Satcom, Furuno FAX 2084 weatherfax, Tokimec 110GS gyrocompass and Tokimec PR 2213 autopilot. Flight deck located on the after end of the bridge deck can support a helicopter for airborne SAR or emergency evacuation, with a maximum weight of 4,672 kg (10,728 lb). Weapons hardpoints located at the bow can mount heavier caliber guns, which was specified by the PCG.

Paragraph 4: Thrice released their debut studio album Identity Crisis in June 2000 through local label Greenflag Records. By September 2000, they were in the process of writing new material for its follow-up. They received rejection letters from labels that were confused by the variety in the band's sound. The band were put in contact with Louis Posen of Hopeless Records, who was interested in licensing Identity Crisis. It was subsequently re-released on March 6, 2001 by Hopeless imprint Sub City Records. To promote it, they went on tour with Samiam, and played some shows with Midtown. The band were able to write new songs at a rate of two per month in preparation for their next album. In June 2001, Thrice performed a few shows on the Warped Tour. They were in the process of seeking a producer for the new album, finding that Brian McTernan's name was mentioned on a number of albums the band was listening to. He had heard Identity Crisis and was interested, asking the band to provide him with some demos. Thrice set up a dictaphone recorder in the middle of a rehearsal space; as the band's PA system was lacking in quality, Kensrue had to yell into it for his vocals to be picked up on the recording.

Paragraph 5: He was born on 31 October 1926 in Tassaft Ouguemoun, a small town in the Djurdjura. Orphan, he was the son of Amirouche Aït Hamouda and Fatima Aït Mendes Bent Ramdane. When his father died, he inherited his first name, as tradition required. A year after his birth, his widowed mother took his two children, Boussad, the eldest, and himself; she left her husband's village to join the hamlet from which she came, Ighil Bwammas, a short distance away. The family of the maternal uncles being itself very poor, the young Amirouche had to learn from an early age to make himself useful in order to survive and, if necessary, to help his mother and his brother, who was three years older than him. In the region, it is customary for boys whose parents have died or are particularly poor to serve in the homes of wealthier families, where they are fed in exchange for assistance bordering on servitude. In this way, people may spend their lives in a form of perpetual servitude, with no guarantee other than that they will be given their daily rations. This status is called 'acrik', which is equivalent to that of the serf in medieval Europe. This was the fate of Amirouche Aït Hamouda from his early childhood. However, he succeeded in getting an education while carrying out his numerous and arduous tasks. These few years at school were decisive in his life: he learned to read and write and developed a capacity for listening that enabled him to satisfy his curious mind all his life.

Paragraph 6: Julia grew up in an atmosphere which encouraged her political interests and her adoration for her home village. When she was little she had a lot of influences which drove her to her interest in politics. On her father' side she had relatives who were ministers of the nation during the first and the second republic. However, her father, who was the mayor of Pontevedra, was a monarchic man. She was educated by particular teachers, as in that time very few women received some type of education. Later, she liked music but her parents thought that she could have a more important occupation. When she became an adult and a married woman, she was a woman anticipated to her time, she was very liberal, independent and very interested in politics and her home village, Barrantes. Consequently, when she was married her parents gave her "El Pazo de Barrantes" where she spent all the summers. She was very interested in the people from Barrantes, the farmers, the poverty, the insolation and so on. Her friends had a political ideology which helped her to define her own ideology; that is, a mixture of pro-Galician feeling, pro-land reform movement and conservative ideas. Due to all these ideas she met Ramón Cabanillas, Cambó and José Sánchez Guerra. On 25 September 1930, several important galician intellectuals and Julia met in Pazo de Barrantes to write a document which demanded the rights of Galicia. This is known as the Barrantes agreement (Pacto de Barrantes). This contract was signed by Ramón Cabanillas, Paz Andrade, Basilio Álvarez and others..... except Julia because she was a woman. This caused her to have problems with her family and some of her politician friends. During the Primo de Rivera dictatorship, Julia Becerra, a woman with strong democratic convictions, was as dissatisfied with the dictatorship as her friend José Sánchez Guerra. Otherwise she had a good relationship with the general Primo de Rivera. As a consequence we can tell she was an open-minded woman, because she was friends with very different people. Julia, countess of Creixel, was always between the devil and the deep blue sea because although she was in favour of the Republic, she was a friend of the king Alfonso XIII too. Besides the people who met in Barrantes were not in favour of the republican regime because the contract was judged in a very different way outside Barrantes. After the republic reclamation Julia participated more in politics, for instance she ran as a deputy in the province of Pontevedra, although she was not elected. During the Spanish Civil war she had a lot of contacts in the republican party, so she helped a lot of people who had their lives in danger.She contributed to saving a considerable number of lives thanks to her links to the organization "Socorro Blanco" The Spanish Civil war was a hard time for everybody. Her granddaughter Cristina Cebrián explains that thanks to the Barrantes Palace's house keepers, Julia and her family never lacked food or money because they kept all her shares despite the war. Some years later, she renounced to give up politics when the Civil war finished with the democracy in Spain.

Paragraph 7: Indonesia is a country with the largest Muslim population, which is approximately 227 million people, more than Pakistan and India, at 204 million and 189 million people, respectively. The Indonesian government began to address the issue of poverty in 1994 due to the migration of rural residents into urban areas hoping for better opportunities in the 1970s and 1980s. This existing social inequality then made Muslim economists design a more modern way of collecting alms run by private organizations in accordance with Islamic values. In Islam, zakat is a form of giving where a muslim or  business entity gives gold, silver, property and more to those who deserve, in accordance to Islamic Law. Zakat is one of the obligations of Muslims who are able to do it and have the potential to reduce poverty and social inequality. Other than private foundations who collect and distribute zakat, Indonesia has also established the  (BAZNAS) as an organization that collects and distributes zakat nationally in response to the large zakat potential of this country with the largest number of Muslims in the world. Nevertheless, a study by Khasandy and Badrudin in 2019 argued that BAZNAS could only manage 1% of the potential estimated zakat which was Rp217 trillion. In 1999, the Indonesian government issued a law on zakat management, which stated that zakat as a potential source of funds to support welfare for public needs to be managed professionally and responsibly by the community (private foundations) and the government. Therefore, the government has an obligation to provide protection, guidance and services to zakat givers and recipients and zakat managers. Until now, various poverty alleviation programs have been implemented the government, among others, Family Welfare Savings (Takesra) and Family Welfare Business Credit (Kukesra) in the Suharto era (1970-1998), Labor Intensive Program in the B. J. Habibie era (1998-1999), Health and Education Services for the Poor in the Abdurrahman Wahid era (1999-2001), Cheap Electricity for Poor Households in the Megawati Sukarnoputri era (2001-2014), Cash Transfer Program (BLT) in the Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono era (2004-2014) and Non-Cash Food Assistance (BPNT) in the Joko Widodo era (2014-2019).

Paragraph 8: Critical reception of 9.0: Live was generally positive. Reviewing for Allmusic, Johnny Loftus commented that the fans' relationship with Slipknot is "what unifies the performances" on the live album. He said that throughout the band's history, they have never compromised, and they had become "metal stars the real way, through relentless touring, embracing fan support, and penning some truly brutal songs". Rolling Stones reviewer Christian Hoard wrote that the music featured on the album resembled a "new-school Motörhead", with its "scary-clown rap-metal bullshit getting steamrolled by big riffs and speed-punk beats". However, he noted the songs sounded similar to their recorded performances; Hoard called it the "songs' samey-ness". Adrien Begrand of PopMatters called 9.0: Live a "very worthy live album", and complimented the band for gaining success the "old-fashioned way, building a strong reputation as an extremely potent live act". Begrand noted the band's relationship with their "extremely devoted fans" as a strong point, and that the band's fans are "arguably the most fervently loyal bunch since the early days of Metallica two decades ago". However, he complained that it was distracting to have the band perform in a variety of undisclosed locations, rather than the one set throughout.  Tom Day of musicOMH wrote that the song "Before I Forget" is a "true gem and grinds out with a level of devastation that will make you green with envy if you weren't at these shows", and  that drummer Joey Jordison took "centre stage" throughout the performance. Blair Fischer of the Chicago Tribune gave the album "three volume levels", writing, "The most amazing feat is that nine genetic defectives can congeal for such synchronous brain-damaged fury". Billboard reviewer Christa Titus wrote that Slipknot was "relentless in its delivery" of their live performances, calling the album "an overwhelming frenzy of sound and fury". Titus predicted the album would chart highly.

Paragraph 9: In a 2007 New York Times article, Perella was described as "one of the financial industry’s sharpest recruiters" who "discovered and helped train" Wasserstein Perella. Then, in the 1980s at First Boston, and at Wasserstein Perella after 1988, together they helped create "a dynasty of bankers and executives that has spread throughout Wall Street and corporate America". They included Robert S. Wiesenthal who became chairman of Sony; Jeffrey A. Rosen, vice chairman at Lazard; Raymond J. McGuire of Citigroup; Douglas L. Braunstein of JPMorgan Chase; Ronald Kramer, former President of Wynn Resorts and current CEO of Griffon Corporation; Michael B. Kraines of Sandler O'Neill; John H. Simpson, formerly Canyon Partners, now Broadhaven LLC; Robert Pruzan, founder of Centerview Partners; Deborah C. Wright of Carver Federal Savings Bank; Gail Zauder of Credit Suisse; current ABC News contributor, former mayor of Chicago and former chief of staff for President Obama Rahm Emanuel; Howard Kerzner, hotel tycoon and son of Sol Kerzner; Jon B. Kutler, founder of Quarterdeck Investment Partners, Inc., now with Admiralty Partners, Inc.; Michael J. Biondi, investment banking chair at Lazard, nicknamed Mr. Judgement; Gary Parr at Lazard; Hugh "Skip" McGee III, former head of Lehman's investment banking, now at Barclays; Mark G. Shafir, former global co-head of M&A at Lehman Brothers, now with Citigroup; Walid Chammah, former CEO of Barclays International; Veritas Capital's Robert B. McKeon; and others. One First Boston analyst, Paul Mecurio, left corporate life to become a comedian.

Paragraph 10: Kilkenny were forced to withdraw from the championship in the early 1940s because of an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in the county. They regained the Leinster title in 1943, but Antrim pulled off the biggest hurling shock of all-time by defeating 'the Cats' in the All-Ireland semi-final. In 1946, Kilkenny were back in the championship decider, this time taking on Cork. The first-half saw both sides trade the lead on several occasions. However, in the second half Cork scored five goals to deny Kilkenny for the second consecutive occasion. The Cork-Kilkenny rematch took place in the 1947 All-Ireland final. Cork were aiming to win a sixth All-Ireland title in seven years, while Kilkenny were hoping to avoid being the first team in history to lose three All-Ireland finals in-a-row. Kilkenny were leading for much of the game. However, Cork scored two late goals to nearly win the match. Terry Leahy scored the winning point once again for Kilkenny to give the county its thirteenth All-Ireland title. The All-Ireland victory in 1947 ushered in a lean period in Kilkenny hurling that lasted for over a decade. The 1957 All-Ireland final saw Kilkenny take on Waterford for the first time in the history of the championship. Waterford led with fifteen minutes left in the match. However, Kilkenny fought back to win by 4–10 to 3–12. In the 1963 All-Ireland final, Waterford fought back from being 11-points down. However, Kilkenny won by two points. In 1964 Kilkenny faced the 1961 & 1962 champions Tipperary in the All Ireland final, on this occasion they were beaten by a dominant physical Tipperary team. 1967 saw Kilkenny win another Leinster title before lining out in their fourth All-Ireland final of the decade.  Tipp again provided the opposition; however, Kilkenny got goals at vital times and secured victory. It was Kilkenny's first championship victory against their rivals Tipperary in 44 years of Championship hurling.

Paragraph 11: Archibald Willingham DeGraffenreid Clarendon Butt (September 26, 1865 – April 15, 1912) was an American Army officer and aide to presidents Theodore Roosevelt and William Howard Taft. After a few years as a newspaper reporter, he served two years as the First Secretary of the American embassy in Mexico. He was commissioned in the United States Volunteers in 1898 and served in the Quartermaster Corps during the Spanish–American War.  After brief postings in Washington, D.C., and Cuba, he was appointed military aide to Republican presidents Roosevelt and Taft.  He was a highly influential advisor on a wide range of topics to both men, and his writings are a major source of historical information on the presidencies. He died in the sinking of the British liner Titanic in 1912.

Paragraph 12: In the 853rd century the institutions of the Justice League of America (JLA) and the Legion of Super-Heroes have developed into the Justice Legions, various teams of superhumans who act to protect the Milky Way galaxy. The highest ranking of these is the Justice Legion Alpha, who have their base on Jupiter and are responsible for protecting the Solar System (the second rank is Justice Legion Beta, the third is Justice Legion Gamma, and so on).  While Alpha resembles the JLA, other legions resemble teams such as the Teen Titans, Young Justice, the Legion of Super-Heroes, the Legion of Super-Pets, etc.

Paragraph 13: In 2002, the composer created the entire soundtrack of the Manuel Boursinhac’s film La Mentale (soundtrack Naïve). He then took up the challenge of responding to a commission (to accompany a film with music) exclusively using elements of his own musical style. In 2004, to celebrate his 20 years of career, the anthology Alezane was released as a double disc with a rich booklet designed by painter and graphic artist Eric Roux-Fontaine. Alezane is a selection of Titi's recordings presented as two thematic CDs: Le jour offers rhythmic dance tracks, La Nuit, more intimate songs, embellished with unpublished ones, including a couple of remixed versions and reinterpreted songs. In 2005, two sets of Parisian productions took place: four nights at the Bouffes du Nord in February, five nights at the Cabaret Sauvage in November, on the occasion of the release of the new album: Ces vagues que l’amour soulève (Naïve, October 2005). While the recording sessions of previous records were often the opportunity to invite many musicians with whom Titi Robin did not necessarily tour on stage, but were ideally suited to the interpretation of one or more songs. He invited this time a more limited group of musicians, who were largely similar to those around him during the shows. Foremost is the faithful trio (Francis Varis on accordion, Kalou Stalin on bass and Ze Luis Nascimento on percussion) that accompanies him all year in Jivula (The musical and choreographic creation of Titi Robin and Gulabi Sapera), the quintet and trio, he wished omnipresent in this disc. Cantaor flamenco singer Jose Montealegre, who sings in the quintet came to enrich a suite written around the oud. The Saadna brothers (Los Rumberos Catalans), with whom he played for many years, joined him to end the disc in Romani festivities. During the composing of the soundtrack of Manuel Boursinhac's film, for the first time, there was a string orchestra, mainly consisting of composed of violas, cellos and basses (based on the arrangements of Renaud Gabriel Pion). Titi Robin has extended this present experience thanks to arrangements of Francis Varis on three themes. That same year, the formation "En famille" appeared, gathering around Gulabi Sapera and Titi Robin a new generation: Maria, Colombe “La Coque” and Dino Banjara. Maria, singing, and La Coque, at the percussions, also joined in the studio for the recording of this album. In 2005, Titi Robin composed (assisted by Silvio Soave who is his sound engineer since the early 1990s) the soundtrack of Florence Quentin’s film OLE!(Naïve). Amongst the abundant tours of the artist in France and abroad, he was invited by Alain Bashung during his carte blanche at the Cité de la Musique in June. The two musicians met on several occasions in 2006, showing a great relationship and mutual respect.

Paragraph 14: Most recently, the History & Policy Trade Union & Employment Forum and Institute of Historical Research, launched Jim's biography of Walter Citrine: Forgotten Statesman of the Trades Union Congress.(JGM Books, 2021) Lord Citrine was General Secretary of the Trades Union Congress 1926-'46. Lord Citrine, the first Baron of Wembley, was General Secretary of the TUC from the General Strike 1926 until he retired in 1946 and also President of the International Federation of Trade Unions (IFTU) from 1928 to 1945. In such pivotal positions, he had a major influence in transforming the trade unions from a collection of militant occupational bodies into becoming one of the most effective political lobbying bodies in Britain and internationally, consulted by governments of all colours. The book traces his early origins on Merseyside as a militant local union (Electrical Trades Union) official prior to and during the First World War. It explores his role in the General Strike and its aftermath and his interesting relations with the Soviet Union which he visited six times. As IFTU President he witnessed the rise of Hitler's Nazi Party in Berlin where their executive met from 1931 to 1933. Based on this experience, his many reports to the TUC and the Labour Party and Labour & Socialist International during the 1930s are an important new perspective on well-known events, including the Spanish Civil War and appeasement policies of the British and French governments, which the TUC vigorously opposed. His role on the National Council of Labour from 1931 as joint secretary, was instrumental in changing the pacifist Labour leadership and party to favour rearmament to fight fascism. During the war, Citrine led the unions in forgoing their right to strike and other restrictive practices and fully participated in the production drive which delivered victory with their former trade union leader, Ernest Bevin (1881-1951), seconded to the coalition government as Minister of Labour and National Service. The book explores Citrine and Bevin's 'involuntary partnership' in considerable detail from their first encounter on the TUC General Council in 1926. Citrine departed from the TUC in 1946, disappointed by the failure of Attlee and Bevin and the coalition government to support the TUC's international workers' unity bid with the Soviet and American unions. They were refused membership of the British delegation at the inaugural United Nations conference in San Francisco in 1945. He became instead chair of the Board of the newly nationalised British Electricity Authority in 1947 and his 'second career' is also examined until 1958, when Citrine took up his seat in the House of Lords actively until the 1970s.

Paragraph 15: During all this action, Shikishi was cloistered away for much of the time. In 1159, the Kamo Shrine chose her to be their thirty-first saiin or high priestess. An emperor-appointed position, the saiin represented the emperor by attending to the primary deities at the major Shinto shrines. To be saiin was an important and luxurious job—she factored largely in the annual rite, called the Kamo no Matsuri or Aoi Matsuri, which was celebrated with a great festival every year. She also had many attendants and lived in her own palace, but saiin could be a rather lonely appointment, as the girl would move away from her family and remain mostly separate from the public. As saiin, Shikishi would have lived near the capital, and her large number of attendants provided ample company; however, this career came with many restrictions and the government policies at the time made it difficult for princesses to marry. Shikishi remained in this position for ten years until she became ill, forcing her to depart the shrine in 1169. She dealt with several illnesses over the rest of her life, including what was probably breast cancer.

Paragraph 16: Golsby's appellate lawyers requested an appeal in 2018 soon after his conviction but decided to drop it. Franklin County District Attorney Ron O'Brien continued to seek the death penalty for Golsby. In 2018 O'Brien filed a fifty-three-page motion, along with over one-hundred pages of exhibits, requesting a cross-appeal. O’Brien and other prosecutors argued that a legal error allowed Golsby to escape the death penalty. They claimed that during the penalty phase of Golsby's trial, Judge Serrott erred in his instructions to the jury by telling them that the defense had no burden of proof when introducing mitigating factors. According to prosecutors, this error meant that jurors considered mitigating factors presented by the defense that had never in fact happened. For example, prosecutors disputed Golsby's claim that he had experienced a rape as a child because he changed his story several times. At some points, he claimed he was ten years old when the rape occurred; other times, he claimed he was twelve years old at the time, on other occasions, he claimed to be age thirteen. Prosecutors said that he also gave inconsistent information about the location of the rape, saying that it happened in a store, behind a store, and on the street. O’Brien and Steven Taylor, the chief of his appellate division, wrote in their request that “there were ample reasons to pursue the death penalty” and that Golsby is a "remorseless recidivist violent offender prone to rape and robbery and now aggravated murder.” They said that “given the many crimes committed by the defendant (Golsby), the life-without-parole sentence for the aggravated murder can be viewed as a failure of justice that warrants correction upon showing of legal error." In January 2019, O'Brien and Taylor asked the appeals court to expedite the appeal. In February 2019, during a pre-trial hearing for another capital murder defendant, O'Brien mentioned the appeals court delay, saying the court “has done zero on it.” On April 30, 2019, Ohio's Tenth District Court of Appeals granted the State's authority to appeal. On July 30, 2020, oral arguments were made in front of Ohio's Tenth District Court of Appeals. On September 29, the appeals court ruled that Judge Serrott's instructions had been proper. Prosecutors appealed the decision. In January 2021, the Ohio Supreme Court announced that it had accepted the case. However, under newly elected District Attorney Gary Tyack, the state's appeal was withdrawn and the Ohio Supreme Court dismissed the case.

Paragraph 17: After the incident, Duffy the administrator announces that all is safe and that mining operations will recommence soon. It is this that Professor Ingosol disagrees. He believes that they "must evacuate immediately!" to which Duffy replies, "where to?" "To KL-5". KL-5 was the original set up ship to get to Io. It was designed to provide the colonists with all the systems necessary to begin the colony. However, the ship was also designed to not be used for long-distance travel; most of the station has been gutted out to install the systems on Io. KL-5 is also a derelict station, not having been used for nearly 10 years. Michael talks his dad into taking up professor Ingosol to check out the station after hearing his and Duffy's exchange. Against his better judgment, they are soon jetting up to KL-5 on the tug with 2 stowaways, Michael and Kumiko. Due to the security system designed to monitor the colony and surrounding space, Duffy is alerted to an unauthorised tug takeoff. With this he tries to contact the tug. The explanation by the 'rogue pilot' is that he was giving the tug's engines a test fire. As they approach the station, the remote access system designed to reactivate the system does not respond. Professor Ingosol suggests that they go in through the garbage chute and reactivate the power. There's only one problem, it's too small for adults but just the right size for a pair of teenagers. Michael and Kumiko, who have now been discovered, become the reluctant explorers of the derelict station. There's also another catch: the power packs on the environmental suits are both very low; only 10 minutes of air is available. The location of the garbage chute is close to the stations hub so they should make it in time. Meanwhile, back on the colony, Carl and the other scientists run into the control station and explain to Duffy that the mining charges they were using to redirect the lava flow away from the main shaft have now fractured the substrata, and lava is now pouring into all of the tunnels. It is now just a race against time. Duffy recontacts the tug and orders them to reactivate the station. At this time, Michael and Kumiko have both made it into the station. However, the station was redesigned and no longer fits the layout as explained by Professor Ingosol. Just as they are about to turn back, Kumiko leads them following computer cables into the main hub. At this, the view screen back in the colony and in the tug of the operation is disrupted due to company security systems designed to secure the station. As they descend the stairs into the station, warning lights come on indicating that they only have 1 minute of air left. After getting to the main terminal and inserting the main boot disc, the system remains dead. After several tries, there is not much time left. Michael hits the computer and the station begins whirring to life. The station's magnificent solar sails open up to absorb the sunlight from the sun and to also restart the power and life systems. Soon the station has breathable oxygen and both Michael and Kumiko declare that "KL-5 is ready for passengers".

Paragraph 18: During the late 20th century, the use of exonyms often became controversial. Groups often prefer that outsiders avoid exonyms where they have come to be used in a pejorative way. For example, Romani people often prefer that term to exonyms such as Gypsy (from the name of Egypt), and the French term  (from the name of Bohemia). People may also avoid exonyms for reasons of historical sensitivity, as in the case of German names for Polish and Czech places that, at one time, had been ethnically or politically German (e.g. Danzig/Gdańsk, Auschwitz/Oświęcim and Karlsbad/Karlovy Vary); and Russian names for non-Russian locations that were subsequently renamed or had their spelling changed (e.g. Kiev/Kyiv).

Paragraph 19: Terrorists, backed by Pakistan, boldly attack the Indian Parliament building. The Indian Army assigns this matter to Colonel Ranvir Singh Ranawat (Ajay Devgn), who along with his men, apprehends and arrests the ring-leader Baba Zaheer Khan (Mukesh Tiwari). The Colonel takes one of his subordinates, Jaideep Rai (Abhishek Bachchan) to task, as nine soldiers were killed due to his negligence and asks him to resign. A terrorist group, Al-Tahir, recruits a group of men to try to evacuate their leader Baba Zaheer from Army prison, albeit in vain as their plans are thwarted by Jaideep, who is now an Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP) in the Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) in Mumbai city. ACP Jaideep summons a usual suspect named Fareed (Sanjay Mishra), who is a Garage owner for the vehicles recovered from the teo release their leader Baba Zaheer in lieu of the lives of all 107 on-board passengers. Presence of the professor, and throws his dead body into the sea. The professor bribes two corrupt officials of the Mumbai Airport to sneak in Guns inside the flight as they never go through the security checks. In a cross-fire between Mumbai ATS, ACP Jilitants' gets the police, this group hijacks an Indian Airlines plane, en route from Mumbai to Kathmandu, with Jaideep's fianceè, Nandini (Bipasha Basu), an in-flight supervisor, and Captain Basheer Ali (Pankaj Dheer), ACP Jaideep's foster father on board. The plane, with 107 passengers and crew, is re-routed to Kazan in Pakistan-administered Kashmir where they are met with more armed terrorists as well as the Pakistani Army. Together, they demand the release of Baba Zaheer in exchange for the lives of the passengers. ACP Jaideep soon recollects from his last conversation over the phone with Nandini that one of the two airports ground-staff did not leave the flight till the last moment of its departure. Jaideep apprehends him to which he confesses of sneaking in guns and other ammunition into the flight. The Indian Government makes a failed attempt to convince the Pakistani Ambassador (Arun Bali) to either send the Pakistani Army or let the Indian Army enter Pakistan-controlled Kashmir to rescue the civilians on board the flight. The Army and the Indian police collaborate and both Ranvir and Jaideep are asked to work together. Ranvir is weary of Jaideep's capabilities, since Jaideep is investigating Ranvir and his men — who are suspected of supplying arms and ammunitions to terrorists and Pakistanis. The duo nevertheless works out a plan to free the hostages and apprehend the terrorists. What they do not know is that their plan has already been compromised, and they may well be headed to their respective deaths. After a major gun-battle, Ranvir and Jaideep manage to capture Baba Zaheer again only to throw him out of a flying Army helicopter, after the flight has taken off from Kazaan in Pakistan-administered Kashmir.

Paragraph 20: Between 1638 and 1657, Rice resided in Sudbury where he became a leader in the community.  Sumner Chilton Powell wrote in his 1964 Pulitzer Prize-winning Puritan Village: The Formation of a New England Town, "Not only did Rice become the largest individual landholder in Sudbury, but he represented his new town in the Massachusetts legislature for five years and devoted at least eleven of his last fifteen years to serving as selectman and judge of small causes." He was appointed on 4 September 1639 by the General Court to lay out the roads and lots of Sudbury, and he was granted  of land near the original Sudbury meetinghouse . On 3 April 1640, Rice was granted  in southeastern Sudbury near the Old Connecticut Path.  He served as a selectman in Sudbury in 1639 and 1640, and subsequently for several years between 1644 and 1656.  He was designated by the General Court as a freeman on 13 May 1640, and was first elected as a deputy (representative) of the Great and General Court in October 1640. He was later appointed by the General Court on 2 June 1641 as a Judge of Small Causes for Sudbury, serving until 1648 in the appointed position.  Then from 1648 until 1654 he was elected and reelected locally in Sudbury as one of the municipal judges. He was reelected for another year term as a deputy of the General Court in 1643. In 1644 Rice and two other Sudbury residents (Peter Noyes and Thomas Mayhew) were appointed to survey the farm properties of the estate of the deceased Joseph Glover near the southeastern boundary of Sudbury to be transferred to Harvard College President Henry Dunster who had married Glover's widow Elizabeth and assumed responsibility for the Glover children.  On 18 June 1645, Rice and his colleagues reported to the General Court on their survey. In 1648, Rice was ordained as a Deacon in the  Puritan Church at Sudbury. He was appointed by the General Court on 22 May 1651 as a member of a commission to settle a boundary dispute between Watertown and Sudbury, and he was reelected as a deputy of the General Court in each of the three years from 1652 through 1654. Again in May 1656, Rice and Peter Noyes were called upon by the General Court for their expertise to survey  of land purchased by John Stone of Sudbury from the Indians, which was supplemented by a grant of the General Court to Stone of an additional  in what is now Framingham. Stone erected a gristmill on his property of Stone's End in 1656 that would later become the village of Saxonville. Again in 1662 at the behest of the General Court, Rice and John Howe of Marlborough were called upon to survey  of land in the area now known as Framingham that they deemed to be worth £10 to be awarded by the General Court to Thomas Danforth as compensation for his services to the Colony and Harvard College.

Paragraph 21: She sailed 24 June 1838 for duty in the Mediterranean, returning to Norfolk, Virginia 16 May 1841. She cleared 1 November 1841 for the Pacific Squadron, returning 1 October 1844. Sailing again for the Pacific 10 August 1845 with Passed Midshipman Benjamin F. B. Hunter as her Sailing Master, Cyane served on the west coast during the Mexican War. On 7 July 1846 her commanding officer, Captain William Mervine, led a detachment of Marines and sailors from Commodore John D. Sloat's squadron ashore at Monterey, California, hoisting the American flag at the Customs House and claiming possession of the city and all of present-day California.

Paragraph 22: Francis Clara Censordoll  is the town librarian, employed at the Thomas Bowdler Library, and arguably the primary antagonist of the series.  She is a puritanical individual who spends her time censoring and destroying books she considers immoral (i.e., nearly all of them). The initials of her full name are FCC, a reference to the Federal Communications Commission. She also fights very hard to keep children away from "filthy thoughts," whether it is tracking kids who are reading about Renaissance art or leading protests against the offending individual.  She frequently leads protests in front of the local movie theater, even protesting such movies as The Ten Commandments and The Wizard of Oz. Despite her elderly appearance, she is, in truth, only 40 years old. In "Help," it is revealed her hair was originally black, and that Bloberta was part of her protest group and Bloberta tried to be as clever as her, but to no avail. Censordoll makes terrible mistakes about people like Fakey's wife would last forever, but ending horribly because of Fakey's affair and throwing her out. Her own indulgences got her in trouble in "Offensiveness," when natural birth eggs, her favorite food, became outlawed and she was forced to find black market substitutes for her craving, thus falling into hypocrisy. She, herself however has been shown to violate her own code of ethics if it means getting what she wants. For example, in both "Nesting" and "Alone" despite her strong aversion to nudity and premarital sex, she uses her body to get the eggs she craves. It is revealed in "Alone" that Censordoll's obsession with chicken eggs is due to that she does not possess human eggs herself:  when she was an infant her mother had surgery performed on her that removed her reproductive system (it is not clear whether this was for a legitimate medical reason, or some sort of religious motivation). This may explain why she aged so badly. As such, she considers herself to be immaculate and has a messianic complex regarding her importance within Moralton (this was shown in the opening sequence of "Nesting," as Censordoll's hand was shown moving the clouds away in God's place). In "Nesting," Censordoll embarked upon a scheme to seduce Clay Puppington to win against him as the next mayor, offering to be his mistress, using the fact that she was unable to produce children and manipulating his Oedipal feelings towards his dead mother, to convince Clay of her potential as his mistress. She was voiced by Jay Johnston in the first two seasons, and by Scott Adsit in the third season. Her final appearance is in the last episode, "Honor".

Paragraph 23: Minutes after the decision was announced at noon, officials in at least four counties were fulfilling requests for marriage licenses from same-sex couples. The first to wed in Multnomah County were two of the plaintiffs, Deanna Geiger and Janine Nelson. That county issued 96 licenses the first day, and judges officiated at wedding ceremonies in a Portland ballroom. Governor John Kitzhaber, the named defendant, said "I strongly support Judge McShane's decision to overturn institutional discrimination in Oregon's constitution. No longer will Oregonians tolerate discrimination against the gay, lesbian, and transgender community. [...] Now, finally, all Oregonians will have the opportunity to make a legal commitment to the person they love. Every person and every family in Oregon deserves that chance. Today is a win for love, for families, and for freedom." Senator Jeff Merkley called it "a historic day for Oregon", and Senator Ron Wyden said, "Judge Michael McShane's decision marks a significant moment in Oregon's civil rights history, and it's an important step toward equal rights for all Americans. Every American deserves the freedom to marry the person they love, and, starting today, all Oregonians will have that choice. I am proud to have stood with Oregon's same-sex couples in this struggle for marriage equality for nearly 20 years, and it's important to keep pushing until that right extends to all Americans." The Republican House leader, Mike McLane, issued a statement, "For those that believe marriage is a religious covenant, the origin of which predates America, today's federal court ruling won't change that. For those that believe marriage is a legal union between two people that is recognized and enforced by our state government, today's ruling is a logical extension of the Supreme Court's ruling last summer. Our society must embrace both views. My hope is that the process of reconciliation in Oregon will continue as we move forward with respect for each other." Val Hoyle, the Majority Leader of the House, said "I married the person who I love over 22 years ago, and I'm thrilled that all Oregonians now have the freedom to do the same."

Paragraph 24: In March 2018, it was reported that Garth and Spelling had partnered with CBS Television Studios to produce a 90210-related series in which they would play "exaggerated versions of themselves." The project came out of an initial meeting between Spelling and studio president David Stapf. That December, Garth and Spelling shopped project to several networks and streaming services, and Deadline Hollywood confirmed the return of Priestley, Ziering, Gabrielle Carteris, and Brian Austin Green, as well as Mike Chessler and Chris Alberghini, who created Spelling's sitcom So Notorious and also wrote on the CW's 90210. That same day, CBS Television Studios confirmed the project was still in "early development" and called it "an untraditional take on a reboot with some of the original cast." In February 2019, Deadline reported that Fox, which aired the original series, was among the outlets bidding on the series, with ABC, CBS, and CBS All Access also reportedly interested. On February 27, Fox ordered the six-episode event series, then titled 90210. Its short order reflected a shift in the company's mandate away from a traditional 22-episode order following Disney's acquisition of 20th Television, which rendered Fox as a stand-alone network. According to Spelling, the creative team's intention was to do a continuing series, but the network opted for a limited episodic order so they could expedite production for a summer debut. Since then, both Garth and Spelling have stated they did not know about the shortened episode order until Fox formally announced the series. In April, the series was retitled BH90210.

Paragraph 25: In 1937, Choe started to write articles supporting Japan's aggression against China. In 1939 he became a professor at the Manchukuo Jianguo University. In November 1943, Choe attended the Greater East Asia Conference in Tokyo, which was intended by the Japanese government to mobilize support for the war throughout Asia for its Pan-Asian war goals. During the conference, Choe delivered a speech to a group of Korean students studying in Japan calling the "Anglo-Saxon" powers Britain and America the most deadly enemies of Asians everywhere, and urged the students to do everything in their power to support the war against the "Anglo-Saxons", saying that there was no higher honor for a Korean than to die fighting for Japan's efforts to create the "Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere". During his speech, Choe praised Japanese imperialism and stated that the Koreans were fortunate to be colonized by Japan. Choe also claimed that originally Korean culture had been violent and militaristic much like Japanese culture, but then had gone "soft" under Chinese influence. Furthermore, Choe suggested that his historical research had established that the Japanese were the descendants of immigrants from Korea, and the samurai being of Korean descent had preserved the true, violent essence of ancient Korean culture. The South Korean historian Kyung Moon Hwang wrote that there is a striking contrast between Choe, the passionate patriot who penned the Declaration of Independence in 1919 vs. Choe, the Chinilpa collaborator of 1943 urging Korean university students to enlist in the Imperial Japanese Army and die for the Emperor of Japan. Kyung suggested that the change in Choe was caused by the fact that Japan had occupied Korea in 1904 during the Russian-Japanese War and by the early 1940s, the "permanence" of Japanese rule was assumed by most Koreans as every attempt to win independence had always ended in failure. Given this situation, Koreans like Choe had lost their youthful idealism and abandoned their dreams of freedom, simply hoping to reach an accommodation with the Japanese that might at least preserve some sort of Korean cultural identity.

Paragraph 26: Ordered to Cincinnati, Ohio, then to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, February 16. While en route, disembarked at Paducah, Ky., and duty there until April 15. Ordered to Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 15. Whitehall Landing April 17. Advance on and siege of Corinth, Miss., April 29-May 30. March to Memphis, Tenn., via Grand Junction, LaGrange and Holly Springs June 1-July 21. Duty at Memphis until September 6. March to Bolivar and Hatchie River September 6–14. Expedition to Grand Junction September 20. Skirmish with Price and Van Dorn September 21. Battle of Metamora October 5. Bolivar October 7. Expedition from LaGrange toward Lamar, Miss., November 5. Grant's Central Mississippi Campaign. Operations on the Mississippi Central Railroad November 1862 to January 1863. Action at Worsham's Creek November 6. At Calersville, Tenn., January to March 1863. Moved to Memphis, Tenn., March 9, and duty there until May. Expedition to the Coldwater April 18–24. Hernando April 18. Perry's Ferry, Coldwater River, April 19. Ordered to Vicksburg, Miss., May 11. Siege of Vicksburg May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Advance on Jackson, Miss., July 5–10. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. At Vicksburg until August 2. Ordered to Natchez, Miss., August 15. Expedition to Harrisonburg September 1–8. Near Harrisonburg and capture of Fort Beauregard September 4. At Natchez until December. Ordered to Vicksburg and camp at Clear Creek until February, 1864. Meridian Campaign February 3-March 2. Veterans on furlough March–April. Moved to Clifton, Tenn., thence march via Huntsville and Decatur, Ala., to Kingston, Ga., and Ackworth, Ga., April 28-June 8. Atlanta Campaign June 8 to September 8. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 5. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Turner's Ferry July 5. Leggett's or Bald Hill July 20–21. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Pocotaligo, S.C., January 14. Barker's Mills, Whippy Swamp, February 2. Salkehatchie Swamp February 2–5. Binnaker's Bridge February 9. Orangeburg February 12–13. Columbia February 15–17. Taylor's Hole Creek, Averysboro, N.C., March 16. Battle of Bentonville March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24, and of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24 then moved to Columbus, Ohio.

Paragraph 27: (3)	In Judgement 306 (Case 858), this is rather an “abuse of intellectual property right” case under AML Article 55 than an “abuse of dominant market position” case under AML Article 17, Guangdong High Court finally upheld the initial judgement to judge IDC to compensate Huawei RMB20 million. this final Ruling covered two AML aspects both of which are not only jurisprudence important but also leading edge.  The first aspect is the “extraterritoriality” under AML Article 2, while the second aspect is that the Ruling appears to make use of the “abuse of dominant market position” under AML Article 17 for the “abuse of intellectual property right” case under AML Article 55.  (1) AML Article 2 is itself too general and vague which merely empowers the right and offers possibility to apply “extraterritorial jurisdiction”.  As to how to apply such “extraterritorial jurisdiction”, the detailed rules, conditions and criteria in the application, neither AML nor the Supreme Court has yet made any clear implementing regulations, interpretation or guideline, but would rather merely rely on the discretionary power of the competent court.  Taking these into account in conjunction with the complicated factors of either or both private and public international laws that may be associated with the application of “extraterritorial jurisdiction” as well as that many other courts may possibly follow after this Ruling to apply the “extraterritorial jurisdiction” in other cases, it appears to be desirable and urgent for the Supreme Court to make judicial ruling as to how to appropriately and delicately apply the “extraterritorial jurisdiction”.  (2) Because this Ruling may be a modeling precedent of making use of the “abuse of dominant market position” under AML Article 17 for the “abuse of intellectual property right” case under AML Article 55 or even it is merely an “abuse of dominant market position” case involving intellectual property right elements, how to treat and balance the prohibition of “abuse of intellectual property right” verse the lawful proprietary, exclusive or monopolistic right of the intellectual property right as well as verse the legal exception of application of the AML provided in the same AML Article 55, and how to treat the anti-monopoly provisions provided by the AML verse the lawful proprietary, exclusive or monopolistic right of the intellectual property right provided by intellectual property laws such as Patent Law, all of such complicated and delicate issues remain unclear and uncertain pending the Supreme Court judicial opinion, in order to not only protect competition and prohibit monopoly but also to protect the intellectual property right as well as its lawful proprietary, exclusive or monopolistic right.

Paragraph 28: Vincent Canby of The New York Times wrote that the film "has been made before much less expensively and much more entertainingly by directors with no aspirations to be artists. 'Convoy' is a bad joke that backfires on the director. He has neither the guts to play the movie straight as melodrama nor the sense of humor to turn it into a kind of 'Smokey and the Bandit' comedy. The movie is a big, costly, phony exercise in myth-making, machismo, romance-of-the-open-road nonsense and incredible self-indulgence." Arthur D. Murphy of Variety wrote, "Sam Peckinpah's 'Convoy' starts out as 'Smokey And The Bandit,' segues into either 'Moby Dick' or 'Les Miserables,' and ends in the usual script confusion and disarray, the whole stew peppered with the vulgar excess of random truck crashes and miscellaneous destruction ... Every few minutes there's some new roadblock to run, alternating with pithy comments on The Meaning Of It All. There's a whole lot of nothing going on here." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film 1.5 stars out of 4 and wrote, "Save for a car sailing through the roof of a barn, 'Convoy' is sluggish entertainment, the first road race film in which I rooted for the cops against the good guys. Kristofferson's getting caught would have made a shorter and better picture." Charles Champlin of the Los Angeles Times called the film "a multivehicle wreck of a movie" and "slack stuff, missing as a sizzling love story, missing as the kind of funny anti-authoritarian statement the song was, arriving well past the peak of the CB phenomenon, making no statement one way or the other about trucks or truckers." Gary Arnold of The Washington Post wrote that the film "suggests a shotgun misalliance of 'Billy Jack' and 'Smokey and the Bandit,'" and all Peckinpah could do with the "stupid material" was "to pretend he's getting somewhere by noisily spinning his wheels. More often than not even his visual pyrotechnics falls short, and he's left trying to rationalize nonsensical characters and conflicts by imposing his sentimentalities about men of war on them." John Pym of The Monthly Film Bulletin was generally positive, writing, "What sets this apart from other recent citizen-band road movies is the skill with which Peckinpah redefines the artifacts of the Western, which is what Convoy transparently remains. It has lines of cavalrymen, a cattle drive, a secret trail to Mexico, a circular camp site, innocent bar-room fisticuffs and a hero who, while caring nothing for women, at the same time reveres the married man and his homestead ... The adroitness of mood is perhaps best characterized by the moment when, his audience having been softened by the surrounding exuberance, Peckinpah slips into place such a poignantly sentimental moment as the departure of Spider Mike for his hometown."

Paragraph 29: Like his grandfather, Lord Monteagle was a moderate unionist when he assumed his seat in the House of Lords. He was initially a member of the Liberal Party, and in 1885 wrote a pamphlet entitled Liberal Policy in Ireland. The following year he became a Liberal Unionist out of a fear that Gladstone's 1886 Home Rule bill would lead to full independence for Ireland, and the dissolution of the United Kingdom. As a consequence, Lord Monteagle sat with the peers of the Irish Unionist Alliance and he became a leading figure among moderate Southern Unionists. As a resident of Ireland he witnessed the deterioration of the political situation during the 1890s. He gradually became of the opinion that unionists had to recognise that in order to protect the Union, a compromising and workable agreement would need to be reached with Irish nationalists. In 1911, he was a founding member, and later president, of the Proportional Representation Society of Ireland, believing that proportional representation would help to prevent conflict between unionists and nationalists in a self-governing Ireland. In 1917, he helped to arrange the Irish Convention, using his personal connections to ensure that the interests of Sinn Féin were represented after the party leadership refused to attend. The same year, he publicly identified himself as a moderate who still believed in the principle of Union but recognised that it was not working for the majority of Irishmen. He was anxious that Ireland should not be divided and in 1919 he left the fractured Unionist Alliance to join the Irish Dominion League. The League was under the leadership of his close friend and cooperative colleague, Sir Horace Plunkett. He subsequently became chairman of the London branch of the League, and attempted to encourage David Lloyd George's government to grant dominion status to a united Ireland in line with the League's views. In June 1920 he arranged meetings between representatives of the British government and the nationalist George Gavan Duffy. A month later he proposed the Dominion of Ireland Bill in the House of Lords, at the same time as the government's Government of Ireland Bill was being debated in the British parliament. His bill would have granted extensive home rule to a united Ireland, with responsibility over all domestic matters as a dominion within the empire. Monteagle argued that the foreign affairs and defence of Ireland should, however, remain the responsibility of the Westminster government. Opposed by both the Conservative Earl of Dunraven, who argued for a federal union through devolution, and Liberal peers supporting the government's own bill, Monteagle's bill was defeated at second reading on 1 July 1920, by 28 votes for to 41 votes against.

Paragraph 30: During the reign of Charles VI, Eleonore and her daughter-in-law Wilhelmine Amalia engaged in the succession on behalf of Joseph I's daughters. Through the secret Mutual Pact of Succession (Pactum Mutuae Successionis) of 1703, signed by both Joseph and Charles with the knowledge and consent of their father, was determined that if both brothers died without surviving male issue, the daughters of the elder brother would have absolute precedence over the daughters of the younger brother, meaning that the eldest daughter of Joseph would ascend all the Habsburg thrones. In the case that both brothers died without surviving issue, their surviving sisters would be the heiresses. This secret pact was only known to Leopold I, his sons and Count Johann Friedrich von Seilern und Aspang. Neither Eleonore or her daughters-in-law knew for certain that the document existed, but they had heard of it, but both were very active in establishing the truth and pressuring Charles to establish a public succession order, which would be necessary for court protocol. In 1712, Wilhelmine Amalia managed to persuade Count Seilern to give her the document, which she sent to the head of her family George Louis, Elector, who sent Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, to help her to negotiate with Charles VI her daughters' rights. When Charles VI presented the original version of the Pactum Mutuae Successionis on 21 April 1713, Wilhelmine Amalia had triumphed in making him recognize the secret succession order of 1703. It was at a dinner with Eleonore, in the presence of the numerous archduchesses, that Seilern informed them of this. However, the success of Wilhelmine Amalia was short-lived: only a few days before, on 19 April, Charles VI already announced his wish to amend the Pact in order to give his own future daughters precedence over his nieces in a secret session of the council.