Paragraph 1: Báncsa was appointed Cardinal Bishop of Praeneste (Palestrina) by Pope Innocent IV in December 1251, becoming the first Hungarian cardinal. Innocent's motivations behind this step are unclear. According to historians Tibor Almási and László Koszta, Innocent was determined to increase the number of members of the Sacred College of Cardinals. Since the 11th-century customary canon law, the College consisted of 7 cardinal-bishops, 28 cardinal-priests and 18 cardinal-deacons. Despite this, the body had approximately only seven cardinals during Innocent's election in 1243. Its members were not interested in increasing their number because of the distribution of cardinal income, in addition the Curia's certain oligarchic tendencies during the reign of Pope Gregory IX and Emperor Frederick's influence over the board, who also captured cardinals and prelates to hinder the papacy's politics. There is an assumption that Báncsa was created as cardinal because of the continuous Mongol threat, as Báncsa could have been a proper representative of the case. This was at a time when the church was having problems with the Mongols, which became one of the five main issues of the First Council of Lyon in 1245. In contrast, Koszta and Almási argued that Báncsa would have been appointed as cardinal in this supposed case already on 28 May 1244, when Innocent created 12 cardinals to fill the number of the College. In fact, as they emphasized, the persecution of the Church by the Emperor Frederick overshadowed all other threats in Rome, including the danger of Mongol invasions against Europe. The two historians considered Báncsa's election was part of the 13th-century papal universalist politics, which tried to emphasize its cosmopolitan character. Gergely Kiss argues the low-number of filled cardinal positions hindered and hampered effective governmental activity. Báncsa's predecessor, Giacomo di Pecorari (otherwise a papal legate to Hungary in the 1230s) died on 25 June 1244, just one month after the first creation process of the cardinals during Innocent's papacy. When Báncsa was appointed cardinal in late 1251, out of the 42 churches, only 14 had cardinals. From 1244, the tensions were soon re-emerged between Rome and the Holy Roman Empire. Kiss considers Innocent could appoint new cardinals only after the death of Frederick II (December 1250), when the empire's influence temporarily reduced over the College. The historian argues it is possible that the aim of Báncsa's appointment was to win Hungary for a coalition against the Holy Roman Empire. Nevertheless, his creation could not influence the power proportions and political groupings of the Italian, French, Spanish and English cardinals. In addition to his ethnicity, Kiss assumes that his affinity to the hermit movements and his personal relationship with Innocent (born Sinibaldo Fieschi, formerly a clerk of Pope Gregory IX) could be reasons why he was chosen to become cardinal. Three prelates, Stephen Báncsa, Ottobuono de' Fieschi (future Pope Adrian V) and Giacomo da Castell'Arquato were created cardinals in the same time. Out of the seven suburbicarian dioceses in Rome, the Diocese of Palestrina was the fourth in the hierarchy existing between them.

Paragraph 2: Marketed with the tagline "For men who should know better", Loaded was launched in May 1994. It was originally published by IPC Media who committed to its initial development following a discussion between the company's executives and James Brown during a job interview for the editorship of New Musical Express, also part of the IPC group. In development for a year, Loaded was predicted to be a flop, but IPC considered it a low-risk investment because the advertising department of its Music & Sport division already existed and the promotional budget was minimal. IPC itself had little faith in the magazine; according to Brown the staff were initially only contracted for 3 months after the launch. Taking its title from the Primal Scream song of the same name, the magazine was founded by Mick Bunnage, Tim Southwell and Brown.

Paragraph 3: In one model of bride kidnapping present in Kyrgyzstan, the young man decides he wishes to marry and asks his parents to pick him out a suitable bride, or is told by his parents that it is time he settled down and that they have found someone of the right background and attributes.  (In this sense, it may be similar to an arranged marriage, although the arranging is all on one side.)  The prospective groom and his male relatives or friends or both abduct the girl (in the old nomadic days, on horseback; now often by car) and take her to the family home.  Once there, the man's relatives may attempt to convince the woman to accept the marriage, and to place a white wedding scarf (jooluk) on her head to symbolize her agreement. They may do this by pointing out the advantages of the union, such as the wealth of their smallholding, to show her what she would gain by joining their family. Families may use force or threaten to curse the woman if she leaves, an effective threat in a superstitious country. Some families will keep the girl hostage for several days to break her will.  Others will let her go if she remains defiant; she may, for example, refuse to sit down or to eat, as a sign that she is refusing the proffered hospitality.  During this period, the groom typically does not see the bride until she has agreed to marry or at least has agreed to stay.  The kidnapped woman's family may also become involved, either urging the woman to stay (particularly if the marriage is believed socially acceptable or advantageous for the prospective bride and her family), or opposing the marriage on various grounds and helping to liberate the woman.

Paragraph 4: The Sacramento Northern (SN) was an electrified interurban railroad in California that extended  from Oakland north to Chico. A classic interurban in that it ran down the center of city streets in a number of towns, the SN was also a heavy duty electric railroad that moved considerable freight tonnage. There were three branches, one to Woodland, one to Colusa, and one to Oroville. The SN had been two separate interurban companies connecting at Sacramento until 1925. The Oakland, Antioch, and Eastern Railway was a catenary-wire powered line that ran from Oakland through a tunnel in the Oakland hills to Moraga, Walnut Creek, Concord, Pittsburg, to Sacramento. It was renamed the San Francisco-Sacramento Railroad briefly. The Northern Electric Railway was a third-rail powered line that ran from Sacramento north through Marysville-Yuba City to Chico. The SN crossed the Sacramento River on the Red Gate Bridge. It was renamed the Sacramento Northern Railroad in 1914. In 1928, the two lines combined to become the Sacramento Northern Railway under control of the Western Pacific Railroad which operated it as a separate entity. An extensive multiple-car passenger service operated from Oakland to Chico until 1941 including providing dining car service on some trains. Passenger traffic was heaviest from Sacramento to Oakland. Freight operation using electric locomotives continued into the 1960s. The SN was a typical interurban in that its trains, including freight, ran on downtown city streets in Oakland, Sacramento, Yuba City, and Woodland. This involved multiple car trains making sharp turns at street corners and obeying traffic signals. Once in open country, SN's passenger trains ran at fairly fast speeds. With its shorter route and lower fares, the SN provided strong competition to the Southern Pacific and Western Pacific railroads for passenger business and freight business between those two cities. North of Sacramento, both passenger and freight business was less due to the small town agricultural nature of the region and due to competition from the paralleling Southern Pacific Railroad.

Paragraph 5: Flasch joined the new Calgary-based team of Kevin Koe, B. J. Neufeld and Ben Hebert the following season. His new team began the 2018–19 season by winning the first leg of the Curling World Cup, defeating Norway's Steffen Walstad in the final. They also reached the final of the Canad Inns Men's Classic, but were beaten by the Brendan Bottcher rink. They also lost in the final of the 2018 Canada Cup to the Brad Jacobs rink 5–4. They had previously gone 4–2 in the round robin and won both the tiebreaker and semifinal games. In February, Team Koe finished runner-up to Team Bottcher at the 2019 TSN All-Star Curling Skins Game, earning $36,000 for their second place finish. In provincial playdowns, the Koe rink lost two of their first three games at the 2019 Boston Pizza Cup, before winning five straight games to claim the Alberta provincial title. The team represented Alberta at the 2019 Tim Hortons Brier where they went undefeated throughout the entire tournament. After an 11–0 record through the round robin and championship pools, they beat Northern Ontario's Jacobs rink in the 1 vs. 2 game. They then faced the Bottcher rink in the final where, after a close game all the way through, Koe would execute a double takeout to score two in the tenth end and win the game 4–3 for the team. The win earned the team the right to represent Canada at the 2019 World Men's Curling Championship where they finished the round robin with a 9–3 record. They then won two playoff games to qualify for the final where they lost to Sweden's Niklas Edin rink 7–2, settling for silver. In Grand Slam play, the team failed to win any slams, but did make it to three finals at the 2018 Masters, the 2019 Players' Championship and the 2019 Champions Cup. They also reached the semifinals once and the quarterfinals in the three other events. Despite the lack of any event wins, their strong play was good enough to award them with the Pinty's Cup for the season's best Slam team. The team ended the season at the grand final of the Curling World Cup, where they beat the host Chinese team Zou Qiang in the final to secure another event title. Also during the 2018–19 season, the Koe rink along with five other teams represented North America at the 2019 Continental Cup where they lost by eight points.

Paragraph 6: There is a mention of contact with a Baháʼí in Morocco in 1946 but it's unclear with division (Spanish, French, International Zone.) In August 1947 Marie Claudet, former member of the Baha'i Assembly of Guayaquil (Ecuador) was reported in May to be en route to French Morocco. In 1953 the Baháʼís initiated a Ten Year Crusade during which a number of Baháʼís pioneered to various parts of Morocco—many of whom came from Egypt and a few from the United States. Starting in September for the Moroccan International Zone they first to arrive were: Manuc͟hihi Hizari, and Hurmuz Zindih. Manouchehr Hezari earned the title of Knight of Baháʼu'lláh as the very first to settle in Tangier (then an international city). The family stayed many years after Tangier was annexed by the Kingdom of Morocco. Manouchehr worked as an engineer and later as a station manager for Voice of America radio. Then in October more arrivals came—Dr. Helen Elsie Austin and Muhammad-Ali Jalili came. In November Husayn & Nusraat Ardikani, Ali Akhbar & S͟hayistih Rafii, and ʻAbbas Rafii arrived. For Spanish Morocco in October 1953 they were: Fawzi Zaynu'l-'Abidin & family, Luella McKay, John & Earleta Fleming, and Alyce Janssen. Others arrived in April 1954—Richard & Evelyn Walters and Richard & Mary L. Suhm. Helen Austin was teaching at the American School of Tangier from 1954 to 1957. She was a member of the regional National Assembly of North and West Africa (1953–58), and, in her lifetime, Local Spiritual Assemblies in five countries—including Morocco. Another American family pioneered to Morocco starting in 1956 up to 1960, one returning for a period in 1967–8. By February 1955 there is mention of conversions from the Moroccan population. By April 1955 the first Local Spiritual Assembly of Ceuta, an enclave of Spain in Morocco, was elected. Sometime during 1956 a Roman Catholic priest lodges a complaint against the Baháʼís of Morocco with the Moroccan Security Service. By January 1958 the first Baháʼí Summer School was held in Rabat. By spring 1958 the Baháʼí population may have been 100 and there were six assemblies and a regional committee is coordinating activities promulgating the religion. In 1960 the first all-Moroccan local assembly was elected in Zaouiat Cheikh and most of its members were Berbers. A regional National Spiritual Assembly for North East is organized in 1956. In 1957 the first Tuareg joins the religion. Louella McKay was another pioneer from about spring 1959 through the fall of 1963 in Spanish Morocco.

Paragraph 7: Samuel Jordan (died 1623) was an early settler and Ancient Planter of colonial Jamestown.  He arrived in Virginia around 1610, and served as a Burgess in the first representative legislative session in North America. Jordan patented a plantation known as Jordan's Journey (a.k.a. 'Beggar's Bush'), which became a safe haven and stronghold for settlers during the Second Anglo-Powhatan War that ensued after the Powhatan surprise attack of 1622. Jordan died in 1623. After his death, the control of Jordan's Journey was uncertain: his widow Cecily Jordan became involved in the first breach-of-promise dispute in North America, the suit filed by Rev. Greville Pooley.  Cecily Jordan won the case, then married William Farrar; her daughters with Jordan inherited Jordan's Journey.

Paragraph 8: On 10 September 1976, Chairman of the KGB Yuri Andropov submitted to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union his report informing of "anti-Soviet campaign with nasty fabrications regarding the alleged use psychiatry in the USSR as an instrument in the political struggle with 'dissidents'." The report alleged that the campaign was a carefully planned anti-Soviet action in which a noticeable part was played by the British Royal College of Psychiatrists under the influence of pro-Zionist elements and that the KGB was undertaking measures through operational channels to counter hostile attacks. In October 1976, the Ministry of Health constituted a special working group to develop a plan of action for a counter campaign. The working group had among its members leading Soviet psychiatrists Andrei Snezhnevsky, Georgi Morozov, Marat Vartanyan, and Eduard Babayan under the chairmanship of Deputy Minister of Health Dmitri Venediktov. The plans they worked out consisted in, inter alia, compiling documents with counterarguments for being spread before and during the World Congress; actively lobbying the media for explaining the human nature of Soviet medicine; actively lobbying inside the World Psychiatric Association for preventing the issue from being put on the agenda; lobbying the World Health Organization for exerting pressure on the WPA not to allow this unacceptable anti-Soviet campaign; and establishing closer working relations with positively inclined colleagues in the West. In February 1977, representatives of the secret services of the USSR, the German Democratic Republic (GDR), Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Bulgaria, and Cuba met in Moscow to talk about a common approach to the issue of political abuse psychiatry and the upcoming World Congress in Honolulu. This meeting was mainly chaired by Major General Ivan Pavlovich Abramov, deputy head of the Fifth Directorate of the KGB (which dealt, inter alia, with dissenters), with the support of deputy head of the First Division of the Fifth Directorate Colonel Romanov who, according to the report, would travel with the Soviet delegation to Honolulu as "political advisor". The minutes of the meeting demonstrate that Western preparations for the Honolulu World Congress were under the Soviet concern in which the leading part was played by the KGB of the Soviet Union. Not long before the World Congress, a high-level conference was held in East Berlin, and the Soviet psychiatric leaders met with colleagues from Czechoslovakia, Poland, the GDR, Hungary, and Bulgaria to coordinate their positions. Much to the vexation of Georgi Morozov, the Romanians did not come to this meeting, while both the Hungarians and the Poles openly criticized the Soviet stance.

Paragraph 9: Ilie Oană became a football coach shortly after he retired from playing in 1952 at the club he ended his playing career, Juventus which was renamed Petrolul and moved from Bucharest to Ploiești. In his first season as the team's coach Petrolul relegated to Divizia B, so with the help of the coach from the youth center, Traian Ionescu he created a new team promoting young players like the Dridea brothers, Mircea and Virgil, Vasile Sfetcu or Constantin Tabarcea and mixed them with talents he founded in the lower leagues like Ion Zaharia or Ion Neacșu, thus forming a squad that would promote back to the first league in 1954 and win two consecutive Divizia A titles in the 1957–58 and 1958–59 seasons, also winning the 1962–63 Cupa României after a 6–1 victory against Siderurgistul Galați in the final and in the 1962–63 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup he led the team to the quarter-finals, a premiere for a Romanian team in European competitions where they were eliminated by Ferencváros. He left Petrolul after 12 years to coach Romania's national team for which he previously worked as a assistant of Gheorghe Popescu I and Silviu Ploeșteanu from 1962 until 1963, making his debut in a 3–0 home victory against Turkey at the 1966 World Cup qualifiers, during his two-year spell managing to earn victories in front of Czechoslovakia, Portugal, Switzerland or France but was dismissed after the "Zürich disaster" where he was defeated with 7–1 by Switzerland at the Euro 1968 qualifiers, having a total of 19 games at the national team consisting of 11 victories and 8 losses. He returned to coach The Yellow Wolves in the second half of the 1967–68 Divizia A season, the team finishing the season on the 5th place and in the following season barely avoiding relegation in the final round of the season. From 1969 until 1971, Ilie Oană had his only experience coaching abroad in Greece at Alpha Ethniki side, Panserraikos, afterwards returning for a third and final spell at Petrolul, leaving the team after two seasons in which it earned mediocre results. He then coached for four seasons from 1973 until 1977 Politehnica Iași, going to coach from January 1978, Universitatea Craiova with whom he won by the end of the season, the 1977–78 Cupa României after a 3–1 victory against Olimpia Satu Mare in the final. He ended his coaching career in Divizia B with two unsuccessful spells at Farul Constanța and Gloria Buzău, being unable to help them promote to the first league. Oană has a total of 572 matches as a coach in Divizia A consisting of 232 victories, 124 draws and 216 losses, which makes him the second coach with the most matches in the league, behind Florin Halagian who has 878. He died on 27 April 1993 in Bucharest, the Ilie Oană Stadium from Ploiești was named in his honor, also having a statue displayed in front of it.

Paragraph 10: After the closure, the two WG Bagnall built locomotives were sold to the North Negros Sugar Company of Iloilo in the Philippines. They were first used to transport cut sugar cane to nearby sugar mills, and later for track maintenance and shunting work. In 1990, they were decommissioned, and in 1995 acquired by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation and brought back to Hong Kong. One was cosmetically restored and is now on display in the Hong Kong Railway Museum. The second was donated by the Corporation to the Phyllis Rampton Narrow Gauge Railway Trust in 2007. It is now in England for restoration to working condition and may run on the Vale of Rheidol Railway in Wales.

Paragraph 11: Forest products are an important part of the Tiwi Islands economy, but the sector has had a chequered history. Forestry dates back to 1898, with plantations being trialled from the 1950s and 1960s. A native softwood enterprise was established in the mid-1980s, as a partnership between the private sector and the Land Council, but by the mid-1990s, the Land Council was winding the venture down, noting that its investor partner had "various tax driven ambitions which are growingly incompatible with our own employment and sustainable production goals". Despite the setback, it was still considered that forestry was likely to be crucial to the Tiwi economy, and in 2001 the Land Council and Australian Plantations Group commenced a major expansion of Acacia mangium plantations to supply woodchips. The operations of Australian Plantations Group (later named Sylvatech) were purchased by Great Southern Group in 2005. In 2006, the operations were reported to be "the largest native-forest clearing project in northern Australia". In September 2007 the Northern Territory Government investigated claims that the company had breached environmental laws, with financial penalties being imposed by the Federal environment department in 2008. Much of the cleared land is used for cattle or monoculture plantations, which the timber company has maintained are an important source of local jobs. Great Southern Plantations collapsed in early 2009, and the Tiwi Land Council has been examining options for future management of the plantations.

Paragraph 12: In 2005, Nina temporarily broke away from the urban-influenced sound to record covers of classic love songs. She came out with her first live album, Nina Live!. The album is composed of classic love songs from the 1970s to the 1990s, which she recorded live at the PHI Resto and Bar in Metro Manila on January 30, 2005. According to her, the idea of a live album started when Warner saw her performing on different bars and lounges. The label told her, "Why not put it in CD form or in a DVD, so that the people could take home [her] show." The first single, "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways", was released in February 2005 along with the album. It peaked at number one on local charts for twelve consecutive weeks, becoming Nina's biggest hit to date. Before the second single was released, Nina Live! was already certified 3× Platinum by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI), eventually selling 90,000 units in the Philippines. "Through the Fire" is the second official single which also peaked at number one for a week. The song features her highest recorded vocal register in full chest voice to date. "Constantly" was released as the third official single and was immediately followed by the final commercial single, "I Love You Goodbye", which later charted at number 3 in the short-lived Billboard Philippines Catalog Chart. Nina Live! sold over 300,000 copies in the Philippines in 2009, certifying 10× Platinum (Diamond) by the PARI and becoming the fourth best-selling album in the Philippines. It is also the best-selling live album and best-selling album of the 2000s. The album allowed Nina to become the first female artist in the Philippines to receive a Diamond certification. Overall, she is the third artist next to Jose Mari Chan and Eraserheads. Aside from outstanding commercial performance, Nina Live! was well received by OPM critics. In a review, Titik Pilipino stated "this album only proves that Nina can do wonderfully with covers." Nina Live! was later released in home video, and was followed by a concert at the Araneta Coliseum.

Paragraph 13: The son of Joseph Rubin Bostrom, he was educated at the University of Manitoba, and subsequently worked as a teacher and economist. In 1969, Bostrom married Sandra Louise McNabb.  He was first elected to the Manitoba legislature in the provincial election of 1973, in the northern riding of Rupertsland.  Despite his relative youth and inexperience, he was appointed to the cabinet of Edward Schreyer on December 23, 1974, being named as Minister of Cooperative Development with responsibility for Lands and Renewable Resources.  He was named Minister of Renewable Resources and Transportation Services on October 15, 1975, and held this position until the Schreyer government was defeated in the election of 1977.

Paragraph 14: Mossman and Stiles failed to meet Alvord and Chacon in the Socorro Mountains, but, on the following night, they found the bandits at the home of Alvord's wife. There, after exchanging names, Mossman and the others agreed to cross the border back into Arizona on the next day, so they could steal some horses from Greene's Ranch that night. However, it was decided that it was too dark for stealing horses that night and the party went back to their camp, which was located less than seven miles north of the border. According to Raine, just before daybreak, on September 4, 1902, Alvord was preparing to leave when he "tiptoed" over to Mossman and said: "I brought Chacon to you, but you dont seem able to take him. Ive done my share and I dont want him to suspect me. Remember that if you take him you have promised that the reward shall go to me, and that youll stand by me at my trial if I surrender. You sure want to be mighty careful, or hell kill you. So long." When Chacon awoke later that morning, his suspicions were aroused when he found that Alvord was no longer in camp. After breakfast, Stiles suggested that they go steal the horses in daylight, but Chacon was uninterested and said he was going back to Sonora. Mossman knew his time to act was now. Chacon and Stiles were sitting on the ground next to each other when Mossman stood up. First he asked for and received a cigarette from Chacon, then, as he dropped the twig he used to light his cigarette, Mossman pulled out his revolver and aimed it at Chacon. According to author William McLeod Raine, Mossman said: "Hands up, Chacon," to which the bandit said: "Is this a joke?" Mossman replied: "No. Throw your hands up or youre a dead man." Chacon then said: "I dont see as it makes any difference after he is dead whether a mans hands are up or down. Youre going to kill me anyway, why dont you shoot?" Mossman had Stiles disarm Chacon and then put him on a horse for the journey to the railroad, where they boarded a train to Benson. Of note is that several times Chacon attempted to escape by throwing himself off his horse, presumably at a place where Mossman could not easily follow, such as a steep hillside or something similar. The capture of Chacon was anticlimactic but Mossman's plan worked exactly as he hoped. Chacon was eventually hanged in Solomonville on November 21, 1902.

Paragraph 15: Junshi was also considered by the Akō rōnin had they failed in their mission to kill Kira Yoshinaka. Between 1701 and 1703, the so-called Akō Affair furnished how bushidō should be judged. In 1701, the daimyō of Akō, Asano (Takumi-no-kami) Naganori, attacked the Master of Ceremonies (Kōke) at the shōgunal court, Kira (Kōzuke-no-suke) Yoshinaka, drawing his sword in one of the corridors of Edo Castle, residence of Tsunayoshi, the fifth Tokugawa shōgun. The exact circumstances leading to Asano's action have never been known, but Asano claimed to have been insulted by Kira. An explanation agreed upon by most commentators of the affair is that Kira had been expecting a douceur (bribe) from Asano, and that Kira deliberately gave false or misleading instructions concerning a ceremony over which Asano had to preside when the doceur was not forthcoming. Kira received two cuts, neither of them fatal, and Asano was arrested, sentenced to death through seppuku, and carried out his sentence on the day of the attack. When the news reached the fief of Akō Asano his retainers discussed what action to take. The bakufu requested the immediate surrender of the fief, and some of the retainers wished to oppose this by barricading themselves in Akō Castle, an action known as rōjō, while others wanted to follow their lord in death by means of junshi, this action being called oibara. They were shocked and angered by the fact that Kira was not only still alive but also not punished. One man, Ōishi (Kura-no-suke) Yoshino, took a leading role from the beginning. He was in favor of oibara, but first sent a petition to the bakufu, requesting that the fief be transferred to Asano's younger brother, Asano Nagahiro, titled Daigaku. Before this petition reached the authorities, however, bakufu officials arrived at Akō and the fief was surrendered. Ōishi repeated his request for the appointment of Asano Daigaku as the new daimyō of Akō, and while the bakufu deliberated, the Akō samurai could take no action for fear of compromising Asano Daigaku. After more than a year, the bakufu decided to confiscate the fief, a move which formally reduced the Akō retainers to the status of rōnin. Ōishi and the men who had previously joined his oibara plan now decided to avenge their dead lord by killing Kira. Had their mission failed, the Akō rōnin had resolved to commit junshi together. A violation of the prohibition against junshi would have resulted in the successor of the deceased lord being considered incompetent, and could lead to the confiscation of his fief. Thus, they would have committed two criminal offences.

Paragraph 16: The Court paid much consideration to two previous Supreme Court cases that involved authorities conducting a warrantless search of a vehicle in order to examine the contents of a container inside of the vehicle: United States v. Chadwick, 433 U.S. 1 (1977) and Arkansas v. Sanders, 442 U.S. 753 (1979). In those cases the authorities had first observed containers suspected of containing marijuana outside of a vehicle, where a warrant would be required to search them, and had waited until they were carried into a vehicle, at which point officers took advantage of the "automobile exception" to search the containers inside the vehicle. In those cases, the court found that those searches were unconstitutional because the police did not have probable cause to search the vehicles, but rather just the suspect containers which had been placed inside, and they did not have the warrant required to search the containers. Since the police had probable cause to suspect the containers before they came near an automobile, the relationship between the containers and the vehicles were purely coincidental. Since the police did not have probable cause to search the vehicle, they could not take advantage of the "automobile exception" to perform a warrantless search of the containers. From Arkansas v. Sanders:

Paragraph 17: The service commences as on week-days. In pesukei dezimra, most communities omit Psalm 100 (Mizmor LeTodah, the psalm for the Thanksgiving offering), because the todah or Thanksgiving offering could not be offered on Shabbat in the days of the Temple in Jerusalem. Its place is taken in the Ashkenazi tradition by Psalms , , , , , , , , . Sephardic Jews maintain a different order, add several psalms and two religious poems. The Nishmat prayer is recited at the end of the Pesukei D'Zimrah. The blessings before Shema are expanded, and include the hymn El Adon, which is often sung communally.

Paragraph 18: Officers and crew loyal to Ramsey unite and retake the control room, confining Hunter, the Chief of the Boat, and a few others to the officers' mess. Repairs to the radio continue, but Ramsey is determined to proceed without waiting for verification. Hunter escapes his arrest and stages a second mutiny. He gains the support of weapons officer Peter Ince in the missile control room, further delaying the launch and leading Ramsey to proceed to missile control. Hunter's party storms the ship's command center, removing the captain's missile key. Ramsey and his men return, resulting in an armed Mexican standoff. With news that the radio will soon be repaired, Ramsey and Hunter agree to wait until the deadline for a preemptive missile launch to be effective.

Paragraph 19: Ashoknagar is situated at the average elevation of 507 metres(1640 ft) above sea level. It is in the plateau region and has an agricultural topography. The plateau is an extension of the Deccan Traps, formed between 60 and 68 million years ago at the end of the Cretaceous period. In this region, the main classes of soil are black, brown and bhatori (stony) soil. The volcanic, clay-like soil of the region owes its black colour to the high iron content of the basalt from which it is formed. The soil requires less irrigation because of its high capacity for moisture retention. The other two soil types are lighter and have a higher proportion of sand. The year is popularly divided into three seasons: summer, the rains, and winter. Summer extends over the months of Chaitra to Jyestha (mid-March to mid-May). The average daily temperature during the summer months is 35 °C, which typically rises to around 46 °C on a few days. The rainy season starts with the first showers of Aashaadha (mid-June) and extends to the middle of Ashvin (September). Most of the rain falls during the southwest monsoon spell, and ranges from about 100 cm in the west to about 165 cm in the east. Ashoknagar and surrounding areas receive an average of 140 cm of rainfall a year. The growing period lasts from 90 to 150 days, during which the average daily temperature is below 30 °C, but seldom falls below 20 °C. Winter is the longest of the three seasons, extending for about five months (mid-Ashvin to Phalgun, i.e., October to mid-March). The average daily temperature ranges from 15 °C to 20 °C, though on some nights it can fall as low as 5 °C. Some cultivators believe that an occasional winter shower during the months of Pausha and Maagha—known as Mawta—is helpful to the early summer wheat and germ crops.[5]

Paragraph 20: Next a dramatized account of the affair started to circulate in the press: After sailing under very good conditions during the day and part of the night, the whole crew was suddenly awakened at about half past eleven by a terrible shock that threw everything in chaos. Coming on the deck a big ship was seen square on the bow, while desperate cries were heard between loud cracking. Meanwhile, the crew of the ship that later became known to be a Swedish barque loaded with wood, had transferred to the Adolf. All then tried to separate the ships. The Gustav had a broken mizzen mast, and it was only her cargo that saved her from sinking immediately. On investigation the Adolf turned out to be damaged severely. Her bowsprit had been teared off with all attached rigging, part of the bow had been broken off and was displaced. The barque was put in tow, and in the morning she was cut loose, so she could float to the Downs before the wind. The Adolf then tried to steam to Portsmouth, but at about noon (on the 16th) the warm water tank ripped open, so neither sailing nor steaming was possible. Day and night the machine crew, so often maligned by the officers, worked to repair the slit as well as possible, fearing the increasing force of the wind. In the evening the Adolf could finally steam again, but with the engine room full of warm water. Power was not enough to steam upwind, and so the Adolf had to take a course backward to the Downs, in order to repair the machine so it could steam to Sheerness to inspect and repair the ship.Next to the dramatized account there were false accounts that the Adolf would have to return to the Netherlands for repairs or would be in repair for two months. A probable source for these was the confusion between jibboom and bowsprit. The Adolf had been sighted with a broken jibboom, but she was reported with a 'broken bowsprit' when she on anchored in the Nore. A broken bowsprit fits the dramatized account. Anyhow it all forced the Dutch government to react. It announced that a report by Uhlenbeck stated that the damage to hull, rigging and steam engines was not so significant as had first been suspected. The bowsprit did not have to be replaced. The Adolf had been placed in a dry dock, and was expected to be able to leave the dock again by the next spring tide in mid-November. The above report published on 2 November also explicitly states that it was written to counter the dramatized report. It said that repairs would be finished in a few days and denied that the sailors had worked day and night in a machineroom full of warm water, that there was a shock, shouting, or even that sleeping had been woke by the collision. On Thursday 10 November the Adolf left the dry dock, but repairs were expected to take two more weeks. On 18 November all damage had been repaired.

Paragraph 21: According to followers' admissions, Lundgren later went inside the barn with a church member named Ron Luff, luring Avery into a place where the other men awaited by asking him for help with equipment for the camping trip. Luff attempted to render Avery unconscious with a stun gun, but due to a malfunction, a stun bullet struck Avery but failed to knock him out. Avery then was gagged and dragged to the place where Lundgren awaited. He was shot twice in the back, dying almost instantly. To mask the sound of the gun, a chainsaw was left running. Luff then told Avery's wife, Cheryl, that her husband needed help. She was gagged like her husband, but also had duct tape put over her eyes, and dragged to Lundgren. She was shot three times, twice in the breasts and once in the abdomen. Her body lay next to her husband's. The Averys' 15-year-old daughter, Trina, was shot twice in the head. The first shot entered but ricocheted off of her skull, missing her brain, but the second killed her instantly. Thirteen-year-old Becky Avery was shot twice and left to die, while six-year-old Karen Avery was shot in the chest and head.

Paragraph 22: For the rest of the 20th century to the present, the history of the area has been dominated by the struggles of campesinos against local and regional caciques, along with national and international interests which have worked with caciques for their own ends. Early efforts, to strengthen campesino rights included a league established in 1925, in Atoyac by Amadeo Vidales. In the 1930s, the ejido system gained the support of the presidency of Lázaro Cárdenas, and it was strengthened with thirty six created in the municipality of Atoyac alone. However, large estates still remained such as the lands belonging to the Guerrero Land and Timber Co. which included parts of La Unión, Petatlán, Técpan, Atoyac, as well as Ajuchitlán, Coyuca de Catlán and even Chilpancingo in the interior. This left large parts of the Costa Grande still under the control of a few landholders. Labor movements in general were active from the 1930s to the 1950s, culminating is a strike by workers on coconut plantations from Acapulco to Zihuatanejo in 1952, which blocked roads. In the 1990s, guerrillas of the EZLN based in Chiapas gained footing in the Costa Grande, especially in the municipalities close to Acapulco such as Coyuca. These fought police and military forces for a number of years during this decade along with local groups such as the Comando Armado Revolucionario del Sur (CARS). This fighting lead to the militarization of many of the roads in the Costa Grande, including Highway 200. This fighting also coincided with the political struggles between the PRD party and the then-ruling PRI. Another struggle has been between local farmers and logging interests, especially in Petatlán. In the 1990s, arrangements with national and local leaders to log forests located on ejido land in the area. The logging quickly began to exceed legal limits and began seriously damaging the ecology of the area, such as causing rivers and streams like the Coyuquilla River to dry up. Local farmers depend on these resources and in the late 1990s, banded together to form the Campesino Environmentalist Organization of Petatlan and Coyuca de Catalan (OCEP). The group is best known for blocking logging roads, which had an effect on the industry. In 1998, two of the movement's leaders, Rodolfo Montiel and Teodoro Cabrerea and made to confess to charges leveled against them by the federal government. With the support of Amnesty International, Greenpeace and others, the two were released in 2001. Since then, there has been continued sporadic violence, including killings, leading to human rights condemnations. Another activist, Felipe Arriaga Sanchez, was detained on charges of murder and criminal association in 2004. Amnesty International believes that it is politically motivated. The OCEP continues to exist and fight deforestation mostly through legal channels, although some are still accused by authorities of drug trafficking and membership in a guerrilla group. The group states the charges come from local caciques when the group pushes for new legal actions. The group has had more success in the Petatlan Valley than in Coyuquilla Valley, but in both areas there continues to be large scale illegal cutting, with cleared areas then being used for pasture or to grow drugs. The environment destruction forces many local farmers to become part of the drug production in order to survive.

Paragraph 23: In 1847, exhausted by his years on the concert circuit, Liszt retired to the Weimar, where in 1848 he was appointed to be Kapellmeister at the Grand Duchy, the same role once filled by Bach. He initially was there for 13 years. Later he also divided his time between Budapest and Rome, teaching masterclasses. His new mistress was Princess Carolyne von Sayn-Wittgenstein, who lived in a country estate at Woronińce in Ukraine; their companionship continued until Liszt's death. After three months in Woronińce, Liszt set to work on preparing the transcriptions of BWV 543–548. He chose the edition of Haslinger as a starting point, although probably also consulted the 1844 Peters edition. He was aided by the copyist Joachim Raff at various stages.  gives the technical details of the different stages of transcription, which started from simple notes in Haslinger's score: these are recorded in the Goethe- und Schiller-Archive in Weimar. In his book, Stinson gives the A minor prelude of BWV 543 as the main example for how the process works, with particular attention given to how the pedal part can be filled in from the right hand. In the published version of Peters, Liszt chose to place the B minor prelude and fugue, BWV 544 last, altering the standard order in most of the editions for organ. With his view that Bach was "the St. Thomas Aquinas of music," Liszt ultimately had an almost religious zeal for respecting the score as written by Bach. As Stinson concludes, "over thirty years later Liszt commented to his piano class that it would have been “sinful” of him to add dynamic markings to the score of the A-minor fugue, since “the great Bach” had written none himself." Even in his later years, Liszt's A minor fugue remained one of his favourites: when he was invited to play at a private evening concert, with guests of honour Prince Albert of Prussia and his wife Princess Marie of Saxe-Altenburg, Liszt's first choice was the fugue and in his letter of thanks disclosed that Clara Schumann now as matter of course played his transcription rather than her own. In the 1880s, American pupils of Liszt, particularly Carl Lachmund, attested to his pleasure in hearing or speaking about the fugue, be it at a Weimar dinner party in his honour, where students sang it together, or in a masterclass discussing its performance. As Stinson points out, "Liszt's lifelong advocacy of this movement—as a performer, transcriber, and teacher—is surely one reason for its enduring popularity."

Paragraph 24: In January 2001, when the band called Dumb Luck (which later became The Used, then consisting of Quinn, Jeph and Branden) were looking for a singer, Quinn remembered Bert and he was invited to try out. After being given music that the band had written without words, Bert wrote the lyrics to what would become "Maybe Memories" and returned the next day with a newly recorded version of the song. The band welcomed him immediately, and renamed themselves "Used". They were eventually discovered by John Feldmann and signed to Reprise Records; they became "The Used" when it was discovered that a Boston band had already trademarked the name "Used". On June 25, 2002, they released their self-titled debut album.

Paragraph 25: The Anugita sub-parva recites a restatement of Bhagavad Gita teachings by Krishna to Arjuna. Arjuna asks Krishna to repeat the holy discourse, what he told to him in time of battle as that has been forgotten by him. Krishna shows his disagreement and says that either he is destitute of faith or his understanding is not good as that discourse is impossible to repeat, in detail, what he told him in higher state. However, out of affection, Krishna tells him other ancient stories to help know the nature of Brahman. After this, Krishna returns to Dwaraka and on his way he meets ascetic Utanka. The sage tries to curse Krishna for not doing enough to avert the war. Krishna apologies for his act but tells him that low level curses cannot put him down and curses cause destruction of merit. He tells him that he strove his best for peace, but it is impossible to transgress destiny by either intelligence or might. He then discourse him on Darkness, Passion and Goodness, saying Dharma is very dear to him, so in every yuga he took birth in diverse wombs, for restoring it, with the aid of others. He did this for protecting Righteousness and for establishing it. Whether he live among deities, Gandharvas, Nagas, Yakshas or Rakshasas, he lived & acted after the manner of that order. Born he is now in the order of humanity, he must act as a human being. And later shows him his true form with a boon. Krishna on returning to Dwaraka when asked, narrates the battle to Vasudeva and others. And later with his power revives the deadborn Parikshit. The royal ceremony of the Ashvamedha was initiated by Yudhishthira, after recommendations of Krishna. The ceremony is a year-long event where the horse roams any land in any direction it wishes to. The horse is followed by an army led by Arjuna, whose mission is to challenge any ruler who objects the free movement of the horse. This ceremony establishes the primacy of Yudhishthira as the emperor, and his recognition by other rulers and kingdoms. On his way Arjuna battled grandsons of Trigartas, Bhagdatta's son, Saindhavas who were able to overpower Arjuna who was fighting mildly as per his brother words, but at last defeated and spared by him. When Arjuna reaches Manipura, their ruler Vabhruvahana with his people welcomes him. Arjuna do not approve it and challenges him to battle. And as per Ulupi(Naga) words both fights, in which at last both struck each other and fell down. The latter's swoon was however due to his exertions in battle. Arjuna's wife Chitrangada comes and starts to lament for her husband death by his son and vows for suicide if he does not comes back. Ulupi(Arjuna's wife) at last uses her mystical gem to revive him and tells them her intentions. After which Arjuna again follows the horse. On his return he battled Sahadeva, Chedis, Gandharas and bested them. At the end of the year, victorious Arjuna's army and the horse return to the emperor's capital. When all the people were made gift, a half-golden mongoose came there who spoke to their amaze and compared that sacrifice inferior to that of a Brahmana family with just powdered barley, without any wealth & animal sacrifice, and then disappears.

Paragraph 26: CNU now offers courses in major areas of academic studies with 16 colleges and 11 graduate schools. It has two main campuses, one in Gwangju Metropolitan City and the other in the City of Yeosu. CNU also has two medical campuses and four university teaching hospitals. With more than 1,700 full-time professors, it now is a home to 35,000 students including 2,000 international students from 75 different countries. Each year, approximately 500 international exchange students come to study at CNU, while approximately 600 CNU students study abroad at various sister universities around the world.  Its complex of dormitories can house 4,000 students.

Paragraph 27: In the mid-2000s, several of the developers of BCG, including Charles Fillmore, Paul Kay, Ivan Sag and Laura Michaelis, collaborated in an effort to improve the formal rigor of BCG and clarify its representational conventions. The result was Sign Based Construction Grammar (SBCG). SBCG is based on a multiple-inheritance hierarchy of typed feature structures. The most important type of feature structure in SBCG is the sign, with subtypes word, lexeme and phrase. The inclusion of phrase within the canon of signs marks a major departure from traditional syntactic thinking. In SBCG, phrasal signs are licensed by correspondence to the mother of some licit construct of the grammar. A construct is a local tree with signs at its nodes. Combinatorial constructions define classes of constructs. Lexical class constructions describe combinatoric and other properties common to a group of lexemes. Combinatorial constructions include both inflectional and derivational constructions. SBCG is both formal and generative; while cognitive-functional grammarians have often opposed their standards and practices to those of formal, generative grammarians, there is in fact no incompatibility between a formal, generative approach and a rich, broad-coverage, functionally based grammar. It simply happens that many formal, generative theories are descriptively inadequate grammars. SBCG is generative in a way that prevailing syntax-centered theories are not: its mechanisms are intended to represent all of the patterns of a given language, including idiomatic ones; there is no 'core' grammar in SBCG. SBCG a licensing-based theory, as opposed to one that freely generates syntactic combinations and uses general principles to bar illicit ones: a word, lexeme or phrase is well formed if and only if it is described by a lexeme or construction. Recent SBCG works have expanded on the lexicalist model of idiomatically combining expressions sketched out in Sag 2012.

Paragraph 28: Israel's populace is well educated and Israeli society highly values education. Education is a core value in Jewish culture and in Israeli society at large with many Israeli parents sacrificing their own personal comforts and financial resources to provide their children with the highest standards of education possible. Much of the Israeli Jewish population seek education as a passport to a decent white collar professional job and a middle class paycheck in the country's competitive high-tech economy. Jewish parents take great responsibility to inculcate the value of education in their children at a young age. Striving for high academic achievement and educational success is stressed in many modern Jewish Israeli households as parents make sure that their children are well educated adequately in order to gain the necessary technological skills needed for employment success to compete in Israel's modern high-tech job market. Israelis see competency with in demand job skills such as literacy in math and science as especially necessary for employment success in Israel's competitive 21st-century high-tech economy. Israel's Jewish population maintains a relatively high level of educational attainment where just under half of all Israeli Jews (46%) hold post-secondary degrees. This figure has remained stable in their already high levels of educational attainment over recent generations. Israeli Jews (among those ages 25 and older) have average of 11.6 years of schooling making them one of the most highly educated of all major religious groups in the world. In Arab, Christian and Druze schools, the exam on Biblical studies is replaced by an exam on Muslim, Christian or Druze heritage. Maariv described the Christian Arabs sectors as "the most successful in education system", since Christians fared the best in terms of education in comparison to any other religion in Israel. Israeli children from Russian-speaking families have a higher bagrut pass rate at high-school level. Although amongst immigrant children born in the Former Soviet Union, the bagrut pass rate is highest amongst those families from European FSU states at 62.6%, and lower amongst those from Central Asian and Caucasian FSU states. In 2014, 61.5% of all Israeli twelfth graders earned a matriculation certificate.

Paragraph 29: The Mataks did not have any superior military strength. Their strongest weapon was their unity. Now that dissension took place between the King Ramakanta and Ragha Borbarua, who was his premier, the subject-people were confused. Meanwhile many Matak leaders returned to their natural occupation of agriculture, they could not afford to remain absent from the fields for too long. The weaknesses on the part of the rebels were properly utilized by the royalist, they appointed one Ramakrishnai, son of Jadhav Tamuli to secretly contact Kuranganayani,  who soon organised a strong counter offensive. The royalist leaders planned to utilise the Rangali Bihu Samkranti day (Chaitra-Samkranti of the year 1770) as their day of action and decided to enter the residence of Ragha on that night in guise of a Huchary party, each secretly armed with a sword.  They managed to get support of Kuranganayani, the Manipuri queen of Rajeswar Singha and later of his brother Lakshmi Singha, who was forcibly taken as wife by Ragha on the deposition of Lakshmi Singha. On the Assamese New Year's Day in 1770 (14 April), through the machination of Kuranganayani, Ragha was killed by a Huchary party. Ramakanta escaped but was shortly afterwards captured and put to death. Lakshmi Singha was then brought back from his place of confinement and reinstated on the throne. The restored Ahom monarchy ordered a general massacre of the Morans, who were the most prominent among the rebels. Nahar and Radha were captured and were brutally put to death. Ramakanata was also seized in his father-in-law's place was killed in a similar brutal way. Persons were sent to seize the moran officers at Guwahati. Many of them including Rukmini were captured and killed.Soon after the restoration, Lakshmi Singha awarded his officers by appointing them in high offices. He then convened a council of ministers regarding the steps that should be taken against the rebels. One such, Ghanashyam Buragohain, who was the most influential and the premier, advocated a policy of ruthless suppression. He states thus-  The eloquency of Ghanashyam Buragohain prevailed upon the opinions of the rest and the king, ordered a vigorous persecution of the Mataks.  The remaining part of Lakshmi Singha's reign was spent in suppressing various rebellions and conspiracies. Many of these conspiracies were organised by exiled princes like Bhudar Singha, Malau Tipamiya Gohain sons or grandsons of previous kings. Considering that the banished Ahom princes were at the root of all these troubles, they were transferred to Toklai near present town of Jorhat for more effective surveillance. In 1779, the Chutias of Sadiya also started a rebellion under a Nara chief of Khamjang and killed the Sadiya-Khowa Gohain, but they were subdued

Paragraph 30: The contract for "Cruiser G" was awarded on 17 September 1908, and the keel was laid on 23 January 1909. Her launching was scheduled for 22 March 1910, but work was delayed somewhat and the ceremony took place on 7 April 1910. At the launching of the ship on 7 April 1910, Helmuth von Moltke the Younger christened her after his uncle, Helmuth von Moltke the Elder, the chief of staff of the Prussian and later German General Staff during the wars of German unification. On 11 September 1911, a crew composed of dockyard workers transferred the ship from Hamburg to Kiel through the Skagerrak. On 30 September, the ship was commissioned, under the command of  (KzS—Captain at Sea) Ernst von Mann. She thereafter began sea trials, and though she had not yet formally entered service, the ship joined I Scouting Group, the fleet's main reconnaissance force. There she replaced the armored cruiser , which had been decommissioned on 22 September. In early November, the ships of I SG conducted a training cruise in the Kattegat; a serious storm forced  to shelter in Uddevalla, Sweden, from 3 to 6 November. She spent the next several months completing her trials in the Danziger Bucht, and on 1 April 1912 the ship was pronounced ready for service.