Paragraph 1: On November 16, 1942, a German military delegation came to Béja to give Mayor Jean Hugon a 24-hour ultimatum to surrender the city. In response to the ultimatum the Mayor informed civil governor, Clement, who in turn sent the message to Algiers. The next day, November 17, the first British parachute battalion landed on the hills north of the city. On Thursday November 19 German planes bombed the town for the first time, as a warning.  This broke the long period of peace Béja had known for many centuries. The next day, Friday November 20, Béja was heavily bombed by German airplanes for many hours, because of its key position leading to the roads of Tabarka, Mateur, Bizerte and Algeria.  The town became the stage for ferocious battles between the Germans and the Allies who fiercely defended it, at the expense of severe military and civil losses. The final German assault Operation Ochsenkopf – was launched from Mateur and was halted  from Béja, on the night of February 28, 1943, by British troops.

Paragraph 2: A gnomonic map projection is a map projection which displays all great circles as straight lines, resulting in any straight line segment on a gnomonic map showing a geodesic, the shortest route between the segment's two endpoints. This is achieved by casting surface points of the sphere onto a tangent plane, each landing where a ray from the center of the sphere passes through the point on the surface and then on to the plane. No distortion occurs at the tangent point, but distortion increases rapidly away from it. Less than half of the sphere can be projected onto a finite map. Consequently, a rectilinear photographic lens, which is based on the gnomonic principle, cannot image more than 180 degrees.

Paragraph 3: currently managed by Glendale Grounds Management for the London Borough of Lewisham.  It is one of Lewisham's open spaces, and is open all year from 08:00 every morning, and closes near dusk, with times ranging from 16:00 to 21:00 in the evening, depending on time of year. The park is roughly  in size, approximately  wide east to west and around  long north to south. A large central field, around  in size takes up roughly half the park's total area, and is around  north to south,  east to west and is flat ground with short grass and very few trees. There is a straight concrete path joining the two gated entrances on Baring Road, and a long circular concrete path that surrounds the large central field. A short metal fence built to keep dogs out, follows the path and surrounds the central field, which contains a football pitch, a second smaller junior football pitch, and outdoor gym equipment. An old stone sundial erected in May 1903, with engraving describing the gift of the land by Lord Northbrook to commemorate Queen Victoria's Jubilee, stands at the front of the park off the straight path, but it is in disrepair. There is a small fenced playground with slides, swings, a zip line, a splash pool, a sandpit a roundabout and climbing frames in the northeast corner just inside the circular path, it was constructed around 2000, and improved in 2012. There is a thin strip of woodland surrounding the central field, including oak trees, mostly outside of the path, with fewer trees inside the path. The northwest corner is more overgrown and contains scrubland set aside as a wildlife area, this is the site of the original children's playground. South of the main field is an old bowling green, that is now used as a dog exercise area. South of this is a triangular piece of overgrown wooded ground with dirt paths cutting through it, this area used to be allotments and was not part of the original park grounds, it is now set aside as a forest school area. Just off the southwest corner of the central field there is a fenced multipurpose concrete game court, where a pond was previously sited. Near the game court there is a brick wall roughly  tall and  long, which is a legal graffiti wall or free wall, one of the earliest in the borough, being in use since at least the 1980s.

Paragraph 4: (Original description) The shell is translucent, white, thin but firm. It has a fusiform shape. It is moderately stout, with a high, regularly tapered, acute spire, consisting of about six rounded whorls. These are crossed by rather thin, prominent ribs, strongly bent in a sigmoid curve, and having on the lower whorls a rather faint spiral sculpture. The shell shows four to five whorls below the protoconch. These are strongly convex and a little swollen at the rounded shoulder, which is rarely somewhat angulated, and without a definite subsutural band. The suture is strongly impressed, the upper part of the whorl rising rather abruptly from it. The protoconch consists of about two small, prominent whorls. The first is small, rounded, slightly mamilliform, and a little prominent. The next, constituting the greater part of the protoconch, increases rapidly and is decidedly prominent and somewhat obliquely placed, and bears about four or five raised, revolving lines, which are sometimes crossed by distinct lines of growth. The suture between the last protoconch whorl and the next is strongly marked and more oblique than any of the others. The remaining whorls are crossed by rather conspicuous, sharp, and rather elevated ribs. These are strongly excurved at and just above the shoulder, curving forward rapidly to the suture, and bending forward more gradually below the shoulder, forming a distinct sigmoid curve. The interspaces between the ribs are much wider than the ribs themselves, distinctly concave, and crossed by rather feeble cinguli, which arc usually not apparent ou the ribs themselves. On the upper whorls the spiral lines are usually more conspicuous than on the lower ones, but are often indicated chiefly by rather close, shallow furrows. On the body whorl the ribs extend to the base of the siphonal canal before they fade out, and the spiral sculpture becomes coarser and a little more evident on its anterior part and on the canal. The surface is also a little roughened by faint lines of growth, parallel with the ribs. The aperture is oblong-ovate, rather narrow. The outer lip is sharp, thin, projecting forward in the middle in a broadly rounded curve, and slightly receding just above the shoulder, so as to form a broad and shallow sinus a little removed from the suture. The siphonal canal is nearly straight, a little prolonged, distinctly constricted at its base by the incurvature of the outer lip. The columella is straight, tapering anteriorly, its inner edge forming a well-marked sigmoid curve. The epidermis is indistinct. The color of the shell is translucent bluish white. The surface is not glossy, but the texture is more vitreous and delicate than in the more northern and shallow-water species of Propebela.

Paragraph 5: SH 47 was originally planned on August 21, 1923, along a previous section of SH 1A and SH 1C from near the intersection of the Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana state borders, northwest through Atlanta, then northeast through Texarkana to the Arkansas border north of Texarkana. On June 24, 1931, the highway was rerouted west from Atlanta to Daingerfield, replacing SH 48, while the old route southeast of Atlanta became part of SH 77 On April 19, 1938, SH 47 Bypass was designated from SH 47 to SH 1. SH 47 Bypass extended north to SH 5 on October 24, 1938. On September 26, 1939, this classification was canceled when the route was transferred to SH 11. SH 47 Bypass became Loop 14.

Paragraph 6: With little encouragement at home, Keats sought validation for his skills at school and learned about art at the public library. He received a medal for drawing on graduating from Junior High School 149. Although unimpressive-looking, the medal meant a great deal to him, and he kept it his entire life. Keats attended Thomas Jefferson High School, where he won a national contest run by Scholastic for an oil painting depicting hobos warming themselves around a fire. At his graduation, in January 1935, he was to receive the senior class medal for excellence in art. Two days before the ceremony, Benjamin Katz died in the street of a heart attack. When Keats identified his father's body, he later wrote, "I found myself staring deep into his secret feelings. There in his wallet were worn and tattered newspaper clippings of the notices of the awards I had won. My silent admirer and supplier, he had been torn between his dread of my leading a life of hardship and his real pride in my work."

Paragraph 7: I-376/US 22/US 30 head southeast as the four-lane Penn-Lincoln Parkway, reaching an interchange with Ridge Road. The freeway comes to a westbound exit and eastbound entrance with Campbells Run Road, where it widens to six lanes. The highway curves to the east and meets I-79 at an interchange. Past this interchange, I-376/US 22/US 30 narrows to two lanes eastbound and head into the borough of Rosslyn Farms, turning southeast and coming to a westbound exit and eastbound entrance with Rosslyn Road that serves Rosslyn Farms. The freeway crosses into the borough of Carnegie and reaches a bus-only eastbound exit and westbound entrance connecting to the PRT's West Busway before passing over a Pittsburgh and Ohio Central Railroad line. The highway passes over Chartiers Creek and another Pittsburgh and Ohio Central Railroad line as it leaves Carnegie and comes to the PA 50 interchange. I-376/US 22/US 30 narrows to four lanes, passing under a Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway line and curving northeast into the borough of Green Tree. The freeway reaches the PA 121 interchange, where it gains a third westbound lane, and heads east, entering the city of Pittsburgh and coming to a westbound exit and eastbound entrance with Parkway Center Drive. The highway turns north and reaches a westbound exit and eastbound entrance with US 19, where US 19 joins I-376/US 22/US 30 on the Penn-Lincoln Parkway. Within this interchange, the road has an eastbound runaway truck ramp and passes under a ramp carrying both directions of US 19 Truck. The freeway widens to six lanes and passes under a Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway line before reaching an interchange with PA 51, where US 19 Truck joins the Penn-Lincoln Parkway from PA 51 and US 19 splits from the Penn-Lincoln Parkway by heading north along with PA 51. Past this interchange, I-376/US 22/US 30/US 19 Truck narrows to four lanes and passes under Mount Washington in the Fort Pitt Tunnel.

Paragraph 8: Xiao Yan was considered intelligent and handsome in his youth, and he started his career as a Southern Qi official by serving as military assistant for Emperor Wu's son Xiao Zilun (蕭子倫) the Prince of Baling, and later served on the staff of the prime minister Wang Jian.  Wang was said to be impressed by Xiao Yan's talents and appearance, and he once said, "Mr. Xiao will be Shizhong [侍中, a high-level post] before he turns 30, and his honor will be innumerable after he turns 30."  Xiao Yan also associated with Wang's successor as prime minister, Emperor Wu's son Xiao Ziliang (蕭子良) the Prince of Jingling, and became one of eight young officials talented in the literary arts particularly befriended by Xiao Ziliang—along with Fan Yun, Xiao Chen (蕭琛), Ren Fang (任昉), Wang Rong (王融), Xie Tiao (謝朓), Shen Yue, and Lu Chui (陸倕).  After his father Xiao Shunzhi died in 490, he temporary left governmental service, but subsequently returned, and by 493 was serving on Xiao Ziliang's staff, but he did not join Wang Rong's plan to start a coup to have Xiao Ziliang made emperor when Emperor Wu grew ill in 493; the throne, instead, went to the crown prince, Emperor Wu's grandson Xiao Zhaoye.  Xiao Yan subsequently was invited by the prime minister Xiao Luan to serve on his staff, and when Xiao Luan subsequently overthrew the frivolous Xiao Zhaoye in a coup, Xiao Yan was made a general and ordered to defend the important city Shouyang (壽陽, in modern Lu'an, Anhui).  When Xiao Luan later took the throne (as Emperor Ming), Xiao Yan was created the Baron of Jianyang.  In 495, when Northern Wei forces invade, Xiao Yan was on the frontline fighting Northern Wei troops, and he distinguished himself under the command of Wang Guangzhi (王廣之).  Later that year, when Emperor Ming suspected the general Xiao Chen (蕭諶) of treason and executed him, it was Xiao Yan that he sent to arrest and execute Xiao Chen's brother Xiao Dan (蕭誕) the governor of Si Province (司州, modern southeastern Henan).

Paragraph 9: He began to work at a record shop at eight. In the following year, he began to play in the band Super Som Mirim. At 16, he moved to João Pessoa for his high school studies, focusing on journalism and, at the same time, playing in the group Jaguaribe Carne, which worked with vanguard poetry. At 21, he moved to São Paulo, soon becoming acquainted with members of the vanguarda paulista (São Paulo's vanguard) musicians like Arrigo Barnabé and Itamar Assumpção. While working at a daily gig as a journalist, he continued to improve his violão playing and compositions, realizing live performances and beginning to gather a faithful fan audience. In 1991, he went to Europe where performed with success in Germany. Upon returning, he decided to abandon journalism and dedicate himself exclusively to music. Forming the band Cuscuz Clã (a pun with the hated anti-Negro organization), he recorded the CD Aos Vivos in 1995, produced independently, and later sold to Velas, where he accompanied himself on the violão at a live recorded show. The album had as guest stars Lenine and Larry Goldin (recovered from ostracism, after an important contribution to Tropicalia). "Mama África" and "À Primeira Vista" became hits, and when Daniela Mercury recorded the latter in an interpretation that was included in the major soap opera Rei do Gado, his fame was solidified. The success of critique came in 1996, with Cuscuz Clã (MZA/Polygram), which granted him the Prêmio Sharp as Revelation (1995) and APCA's as Best Composer. The clip "Mama África" received the Prêmio MTV Music Awards as Best 1996 MPB VideoClip como Melhor VideoClip. "À Primeira Vista" won the Best Song prize of the Troféu Imprensa (SBT) and was included in a CD by Argentinean star Pedro Aznar. Lokua Kanza, Dominguinhos, Arrigo Barnabé, and Paulo Moura, among others, participated on his third album, Beleza Mano, and in 2000, he released a fourth, Mama Mundi. Having new partnerships in songs with his old idolLokua Kanza, César toured Europe six times in 2000, performing for the second time at the Montreux Festival (Switzerland). ~ Alvaro Neder, Rovi

Paragraph 10: In 2017, Dina's season began in competition at the 2017 Grand Prix Moscow where she won the all-around gold medal with a new personal best total score of 76.050 points, she qualified to all the apparatus finals taking gold in hoop, clubs, ribbon and a silver medal in ball behind Aleksandra Soldatova. Dina then participated in the organized Desio-Italia Trophy where she won the All-around and team gold medal (together with Twin Sister Arina). On 10–12 March, Dina became the All-around champion at the 2017 Russian Championships ahead of defending champion Aleksandra Soldatova who finished in 2nd place respectively. On 24–26 March, Dina then competed at the Thiais Grand Prix where she won the all-around gold with a total of 74.500 points, she qualified to all the event finals taking gold in hoop, ball, clubs and silver in ribbon. On 7–9 April, Dina competed in the first World Cup of the season at the 2017 Pesaro World Cup where she won silver in the all-around behind teammate Aleksandra Soldatova, she qualified to all the apparatus finals winning 3 gold medals in ball, clubs, ribbon and a silver in hoop. Her next event was at the 2017 Tashkent World Cup where Dina won gold in the all-around ahead of sister Arina Averina, she qualified to all the apparatus finals taking gold in clubs, and 3 silver medals in ball, hoop and ribbon. On 19–21 May, at the 2017 European Championships in Budapest, Hungary, Dina was member of the Golden winning Russian Team (together with senior individuals: twin sister Arina Averina, Aleksandra Soldatova and the junior group) scoring a total of 182.175 points which was more than 11 points ahead of their nearest competitor team Belarus. Dina qualified to 3 apparatus finals taking 2 gold medals in hoop, ribbon and a silver medal in clubs behind Arina Averina. On 23–26 June, Dina then competed at the 2017 Holon Grand Prix taking silver in the all-around behind Arina, she qualified 3 apparatus finals winning gold in ball, silver in clubs and placed 6th in hoop. At the quadrennial 2017 World Games which was held in Wrocław, Poland from 20 to 30 July, Dina won the gold medal in clubs and three silver medals in hoop, ball, ribbon. On 11–13 August, Dina competed at the 2017 Kazan World Challenge Cup and won the all-around gold medal edging out sister Arina who won the silver medal, Dina qualified in all the apparatus finals and won 2 gold medals in hoop, clubs, a silver in ribbon and finished 8th in ball. At the 2017 World Championships held on 30 August – 3 September in Pesaro, Italy, in the first day of the apparatus finals; Dina won Gold in Hoop (19.100) and Silver in Ball (18.700). The following day, she won another Gold in Clubs (19.000) and Silver in Ribbon (17.200). During the individual all-around finals, she accumulated scores in (Hoop: 18.850, Ball: 18.550, Clubs: 18.850, Ribbon: 18.450) scoring a total of 74.700 points to become the new All-around Champion edging out twin sister Arina Averina who took the silver medal respectively.

Paragraph 11: With the decline removal of the Banu Qasi, the sons of Muhammad al-Tawil jockeyed for control over several of the coras of the Upper March, but amidst internecine struggles, rebellions and their own failure to maintain popular support, they were progressively marginalized. Abd al-Malik ibn Muhammad al-Tawil had succeeded his father at Huesca and installed his brother Amrus at Monzón, though the latter soon lost it to the Banu Qasi. Abd al-Malik's hold on Huesca was challenged by a series of rebellions by Banu Shabrit cousins, whom he killed, only to himself be killed and supplanted by his brother Amrus in 918. However, the Huesca citizenry rejected Amrus in favor of his brother Fortun ibn Muhammad al-Tawil.  Amrus fled to Barbastro and Alquézar, and was later offered Lleida by its residents, only for them to turn the city over to Muhammad ibn Lubb al-Qasawi in 922. He was captured by the Banu Tujib in 932, submitted to Abd al-Rahman III, and was killed participating in the Caliph's 934/5 campaign against Zaragoza and its rebel Banu Tujib lords. Fortun ibn Muhammad al-Tawil had submitted to Abd al-Rahman at the same time as Amrus, but in 933 he was expelled from Huesca after forming a pact with rebel Muhammad ibn Hasim al-Tujibi and replaced by his brother Yahya ibn Muhammad al-Tawil, and though Fortun went to Córdoba and abased himself before the Caliph, begging to be restored, Abd al-Rahman instead sent an outsider, Ahmed ibn Muhammad ibn Ilyas of Valencia, and the sons of Fortun and Yahya left the Upper March for Córdoba. However, after Ahmed struggled to retain control against the rebel Banu Tujib, Abd al-Rahman restored Fortun to Huesca in 936/7 against the will of the city's residents. When Fortun accompanied the Caliph on a campaign against León, he turned control of Huesca over to his brother Musa, who in 940 was formally named as wali of Huesca and Barbastro, though the latter was given to his brother Yahya in 942, to be followed by another brother, Lubb ibn Muhammad in 951, and Lubb's son Yahya in 955. In 957/8, the Caliph experimented with power sharing, making Yahya ibn Lubb and Abd al-Malik ibn Musa, who had succeeded his father in Huesca in 954, joint rulers of both Huesca and Barbastro, but he again segregated their control of the two coras in 959.  By this time the Banu al-Tawil had long since lost their ability to mount a credible challenge for the control of the Upper March against the new dominant family, the Banu Tujib, and the last of the Banu al-Tawil is seen fighting in a tournament in Córdoba in 974.

Paragraph 12: The Fobos-Grunt project began in 1999, when the Russian Space Research Institute and NPO Lavochkin, the main developer of Soviet and Russian interplanetary probes, initiated a 9 million rouble feasibility study into a Phobos sample-return mission. The initial spacecraft design was to be similar to the probes of the Phobos program launched in the late 1980s. Development of the spacecraft started in 2001 and the preliminary design was completed in 2004. For years, the project stalled as a result of low levels of financing of the Russian space program. This changed in the summer of 2005, when the new government plan for space activities in 2006–2015 was published. Fobos-Grunt was now made one of the program's flagship missions. With substantially improved funding, the launch date was set for October 2009. The 2004 design was revised a couple of times and international partners were invited to join the project. In June 2006, NPO Lavochkin announced that it had begun manufacturing and testing the development version of the spacecraft's onboard equipment.

Paragraph 13: To the dismay of his military advisors, Charles Edward Stuart insisted on offering battle to the pursuing army of Cumberland on the open moorland of Culloden with the intention of fighting defensively, a decision that most historians have seen as playing into the hands of the government forces. The Jacobites failed to take advantage of the opportunity of attacking before the enemy had positioned their artillery and were ready for action. Cumberland's artillery bombarded the Jacobite army, which was stationary and exposed, until up to a third of Charles's men were dispersed or made casualties (including a groom decapitated while holding Charles Edward's horse). At this point – and without orders from the by now unnerved Jacobite command – Clan Mackintosh in the centre of the Jacobite line began to charge. Donald Cameron of Lochiel led the Camerons to join them and some other clans followed in a spontaneous, uncoordinated and disorganized charge in which many failed to use their firearms. Despite canister shot and volleys, the charge reached – and in places broke through – the Government front line (though many Highlanders were without targes to protect from bayonets). However, Coehorn mortar shelling and devastating enfilade musket fire from the deeply echeloned government forces killed those who had made a breakthrough, while the others, after suffering heavy casualties, fell back in a retreat that quickly became a rout.

Paragraph 14: Already in March 1795, the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce had therefore raised the idea of a special envoy to Paris, in order to reverse the embargo. Due to his high standing in Paris, Sieveking was the obvious choice, and he arrived in Paris as special envoy on the night of 31 March 1796 with his delegation, which included the President of the Hamburg Cathedral chapter Friedrich Johann Lorenz Meyer. There, a period of relative political stability had returned, after the crushing of the anti-revolutionary uprising of 13 Vendémaire (5 October 1795) by Napoleon and Paul de Barras. On 12 April 1796 Sieveking was granted an audience with the French Directory, where a solution to the conflict could not be reached, however. His plan to support France's finances by raising the exchange rate for the mostly devalued assignats was rejected by the French as insufficient, and by the Hamburg Senate as impossible. On 27 April, Sieveking received 300,000 Marks from the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce to be used at his own discretion, and he did not hesitate in using it to bribe Barras and other powerful figures of the Republic. In May 1796, after a meeting with the French finance minister Dominique-Vincent Ramel-Nogaret, a fortunate turn of events occurred. The Directory ratified a treaty on 14 June 1796 which provided for the payment of 13 million livres, which Sieveking guaranteed personally. That same evening, Barras met with Sieveking, and told him: "Votre affaire est finie" ("Your business here is finished"). The official signing took place ten days later, and a worried Sieveking wrote to Hamburg the same day: "ob ich das Opfer meines Patriotismus sein werde, das werden meine Mitbürger entscheiden" ("whether I shall be the victim of my own patriotism, that will be for my fellow citizens to decide"). But his fears proved unfounded. On his return in July 1796, Sieveking was received with honours. In his report before the assembled members of the chamber of commerce he said that this moment was one of the finest and most important of his life and claimed: "Ich schwöre es bei Ihrer Achtung, bei meiner Ehre, ich habe Hamburg gerettet" (I swear by your esteem, by my honour, I have saved Hamburg").

Paragraph 15: Recent advancements in neuroimaging and structural studies have provided evidence of an organic etiology.  Neurological dysfunction and neuropsychiatric abnormalities, in various forms, are now believed to be a central feature in DMSs.  Neuropsychological findings suggest that symptoms are produced in some aspect by brain dysfunction or damage, specifically in the right hemisphere.  Lesions in the right frontal lobe and adjacent areas have been found through neuroimaging in case reports of intermetamorphosis.  In studying over 20 patients with misidentification syndromes, Christodoulou found electroencephalographic abnormalities in over 90%. In one case of intermetamorphosis, Joseph reported electroencephalographic abnormalities with right temporo-parietal predominance. Impaired connectivity or dysconnectivity between the right fusiform and right parahippocampal areas and the frontal lobes and the right temporolimbic regions have also been seen in case reports of this syndrome, which are thought to be implicated in deficits in face recognition, visual memory recall, and identification processes. While impairments in facial processing are experienced by most DMSs, it appears to be experienced more consciously in intermetamorphosis than in other DMSs. Cortical atrophy is also sometimes present, although this may be due to co-occurring dementia and other organic mental syndromes. Overactivity in the perirhinal cortex appears to be associated with the loss of familiarity in intermetamorphosis. Depersonalization has also been postulated as a contributing factor to the development of intermetamorphosis; under conditions like the presence of a paranoid element, a charged emotional relationship to the principal misidentified person, and cerebral dysfunction, depersonalization and derealization symptoms may develop into a full delusional misidentification syndrome.

Paragraph 16: In the majority of Native American hunter-gatherer societies, wolves were usually killed for body parts used in rituals, or to stop them raiding food caches, though some tribes would raid wolf dens to kill pups when wolf populations became too great for the Natives to live with. This also served as a method of acquiring food, as wolf pups were considered a delicacy. Native Americans were aware of the dangers of habituated wolves, and would quickly dispatch wolves following them too closely. Active hunting of wolves was rare because many tribes believed that such an act would cause game animals to disappear or bring retribution from other wolves. The Cherokee feared that the unjust killing of a wolf would bring about the vengeance of its pack mates, and that the weapon used for the deed would be useless in future unless exorcised by a medicine man. However, they would kill wolves with impunity if they knew the proper rites of atonement, and if the wolves themselves happened to raid their fish nets. When the Kwakiutl killed a wolf, the animal would be laid out on a blanket and have portions of its flesh eaten by the perpetrators, who would express regret at the act before burying it. The Ahtna would take the dead wolf to a hut, where it would be propped in a sitting position with a banquet made by a shaman set before it. When men from certain Inuit tribes killed a wolf, they would walk around their houses four times, expressing regret and abstaining from sexual relations with their wives for four days. Young Apaches would kill wolves, cougars or bears as a rite of passage. Although some of the first European colonists traveling to North America would report back that wolves were more populous in the New World than in Europe, writings from the Lewis and Clark Expedition indicate that wolves were seldom seen except in aboriginal buffer zones.

Paragraph 17: The Amazon in western metope I is on horseback, without an adversary. This could represent the arrival of reinforcements or the rearguard. She may have had a spear, in which case her potential victim has disappeared. Margarete Bieber speculates that it could be Hippolyte herself coming to fight with the Greeks. And symmetrically, according to the American archaeologist, Theseus would find himself in West XIV. From the west metope II remains only the very damaged hips and torso of the Greek warrior on the left. He is identifiable with his round shield on his left arm. His opponent had to be dressed in a short chiton. There is a left leg and upper body left. It is possible to consider that she must have had a sword over her head, preparing to strike the Greek . The composition of the western metopes III, V, IX and XIII is similar, West V being a little more damaged, West XIII being the best preserved. An Amazon turned to the right is on horseback. Her mount tramples the naked Greek lying on the ground. The gesture she makes could be that of thrusting her spear into the body of her victim. She wears a short chiton whose hem is still discernible on West III. The defeated Greek is leaning on the left arm in west III, V and IX, and on the right arm in the west XIII. West XIII metope recalls the back of a volute krater, attributed to the Painter of the Woolly Satyrs and preserved in New York. The fallen Athenian is also found on a statue base of the fourth century BC. In both these two cases, vase and base of statue, the Athenian holds a shield: it could thus have one also on the metope west XIII, in marble or in bronze.

Paragraph 18: Japan's unsuccessful attempt at exporting the Sōryū-class submarine to Australia highlighted Japan's major weaknesses in exporting arms to another country. The project, worth A$50 billion to replace Australia's ageing fleet of Collins-class submarines, could have been Japan's first major arms export since lifting the export ban in 2014, but it ultimately lost to French firm Direction des Constructions Navales Services (DCNS) with their proposal on a conventionally powered variant of the Barracuda-class submarine. Some major weakness shown was Japan's lack of experience exporting arms and competition against more experienced competitors. Initially, Japan enjoyed an advantage over other competition (with some speculation that the Sōryū-class has been pre-selected) because of the close relationship between then-Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Prime Minister Shinzō Abe to bolster Australian-Japan strategic relationship and U.S. backing on selecting the Japanese submarines. Following dwindling public support, in February 2015 Tony Abbott announced a competitive evaluation process which pitted Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI) and Kawasaki Shipbuilding Corp. (KSC) against more experienced French firm DCNS and German firm ThyssenKrupp AG (TKMS). One major requirement for the submarine program is that the submarines are to be built domestically to support local industries and jobs. Japan was initially reluctant to build submarines overseas and transfer technologies to Australia to aid in the future submarine's development. DCNS and TKMS agreed to the Australian government's demand for domestic production, which coincided with public interest. Another issue Japan faced was the Sōryū-class inability to meet Australia's submarine requirement. It has been pointed out that the Sōryū-class has a shorter range and speed than the Collins-class, Japanese submarines possess a shorter service life than Australia's, and there are uncertainties on whether the Sōryū-class can be modified for Australia's requirements. Ultimately, Japan's loss highlighted the country's over-reliance on political support from Tony Abbott (which ended with Malcolm Turnbull replacing him), inability to appeal to the Australian public, and inexperience exporting arms, allowing overseas production and modifying domestic weapons for foreign customers.

Paragraph 19: Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes delivered the opinion of the Court, which unanimously reversed De Jonge's conviction.  Hughes began by emphasizing the precise questions involved in light of the state court's decision.  The Court had to accept the indictment as  the state court had defined it, and decide the case on the basis that the law had been properly applied: the Oregon Supreme Court had final authority to interpret Oregon law, and by sustaining the conviction, had held that the indictment was sufficient under the Criminal Syndicalism statute.  Given that, the Court could only review the indictment as setting out the substantive offense.  It couldn't examine the evidence at trial to determine if De Jonge had done anything more culpable than conduct a public Communist Party meeting, because he wasn't charged with anything else, and "Conviction upon a charge not made would be sheer denial of due process".  Thus it was irrelevant that De Jonge was, in fact, a member of the Communist Party, and that he encouraged others to join and help the Party at the meeting, since those acts were not necessary to his conviction and anyone else conducting the meeting, whether or not a Party member, could have been prosecuted under the statute.  As Hughes explained, "[De Jonge's] sole offense as charged, and for which he was convicted and sentenced to imprisonment for seven years, was that he had assisted in the conduct of a public meeting, albeit otherwise lawful, which was held under the auspices of the Communist Party.... Thus if the Communist Party had called a public meeting in Portland to discuss the tariff, or the foreign policy of the Government, or taxation, or relief, or candidacies for the offices of President, members of Congress, Governor, or state legislators, every speaker who assisted in the conduct of the meeting would be equally guilty" of violating the criminal syndicalism act.

Paragraph 20: Fifteen formed in 1988 during the tail end of the Crimpshrine tour while Ott and Curran were writing songs together. After Crimpshrine broke up, Fifteen embarked on their first tour, in the summer of 1989. During this time, Jean Repetto played drums. Although the band drove across the country, they only played a handful of shows on this first tour. Upon returning from tour, Mike Goshert took over drums. Fifteen recorded their debut EP in April 1990 for Lookout! Records. Fifteen went on a more substantial tour in the summer of 1990 with Filth and Econochrist. Mark Moreno took over on drums and they recorded their first full-length album, Swain's First Bike Ride, in December 1990. In 1991, Rich "Lucky Dog" Gargano joined the band on bass. Curran switched over to second guitar briefly, before leaving the band in 1992. In summer of 1992, the band toured the US and Canada, and recorded their second album, The Choice of a New Generation. Afterwards, Lucky Dog and Mark Moreno left the band and Curran returned, joined by Jesse Wickman on drums. The band released their second EP and third album with Chris Flanagan on drums, and went on three more US tours before their first and only European tour in fall of 1994. Afterwards, Curran left for good. 

Paragraph 21: The first edition was printed on 24 October 1903 under the title Border Morning Mail and Riverina Times by editor Hamilton Mott and his brother Decimus, and continued publishing under that title until 19 May 1920. The paper was known as the Border Morning Mail from 20 May 1920 until 1 July 1988, when it changed its title to The Border Mail. Originally published in Dean Street, Albury, the newspaper operated from a number of Albury locations before a shift in 1999 to the former Albury-Wodonga Development Corporation headquarters in Wodonga.  A six-days-a-week tabloid, the newspaper predominantly covers local issues in the wider region alongside national and international news. Its editorial and op-ed pieces tend to reflect the quiet rural conservatism of its readership. The newspaper has provided extensive coverage of some of the longest-running political debates in the region, notably the long running saga involving plans to remove the main level crossing from central Wodonga and the route for the Hume Freeway bypass of Albury. The newspaper's editor is Julie Coe. Former editors were Hamilton Mott, Clifton Mott, Rex Mitchell, ex-West Australian Newspapers editor-in-chief Bob Cronin, James Thomson, John McCluskey, Graham Storer, Cameron Thompson, Simon Dulhunty, Newcastle Herald editor Heath Harrison, Di Thomas, Niall Boyle and Xavier Mardling.

Paragraph 22: There is disagreement as to when consonants ,  and , which were originally pronounced , , , acquired the value of , , and  that they have in Modern Greek. There is evidence of fricative  as far back as the 4th century BC, in the form of omissions before a back vowel. In the papyri from the 2nd century BC  is sometimes omitted or inserted before a front vowel, which indicates a palatal allophone  or . However, to Allen these do not seem to have been a standard pronunciation. Some scholars have argued that the replacement of old Greek   with  in certain late classical dialects indicates a fricative pronunciation. Ancient grammarians describe the plosive nature of these letters,  is transcribed as b, not v, in Latin, and Cicero still seems to identify  with Latin b. Gignac finds evidence from non-literary papyri suggesting a fricative pronunciation in some contexts (mostly intervocalic) from about the 1st century AD, in the form of the use of  to transcribe Latin  (which was also undergoing a fortition process from semi-vowel /w/ to fricative /β/.)  However, Allen is again sceptical that this pronunciation was generalized yet. Increasingly common confusion of  and  with  and  in late Roman and early Byzantine times suggests that the fricative pronunciation of  was common if not general by this time. Yet, it is not before the 10th century AD that transcriptions of  as fricative  v or  as voiced velar  ł (pronounced ) are found in Armenian, which suggests that the transition was not general before the end of the 1st millennium; however, previous transcriptions may have been learned transcriptions. Georgian loans in the 9th and 10th centuries similarly show inconsistency in transcribing  and  as a stop or fricative;  is consistently rendered as ბ b rather than ვ v, while  may be written with an adapted symbol ღ for fricative  or with ჟ  (approximating  in palatal position), but also with stop გ g. There is probable evidence for a peculiarly early shift of  >  in 6th century BC Elean, seen in the writing of  for . Gignac interprets similar spellings in the Egyptian papyri beginning in the 1st century AD as the spirant pronunciation for δ in the Koine, but before the 4th century AD these only occur before .  However, not all scholars agree that there is a reasonable phonetic basis for the earlier fricativization of δ before ι.

Paragraph 23: The physical/psychological addiction dichotomy is reflected in the Controlled Substances Act's criteria for drug scheduling. Placement in Schedule III, for instance, requires a finding that "abuse of the drug or other substance may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence." The view espoused by former NIDA director Alan I. Leshner, which places more emphasis on the "compulsive, uncontrollable" aspect of addictive drug use than on physical withdrawal symptoms, explains NIDA's differing treatment of morphine and cannabis. Morphine is physically addictive, and users of heroin and other opiate-derived drugs become physically and psychologically dependent on the high from the opiates, which drives them to seek the drug and perform acts they might not normally engage in (like exchanging drugs for sex acts or sharing needles with another user) . In contrast, marijuana is not physically addictive, though some users do become psychologically dependent on the drug. Jon Gettman and other supporters of removal of cannabis from Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act have questioned the legality of basing scheduling decisions on such considerations rather than on physical addiction and physical harm; Gettman stated, "If the federal government wants to keep marijuana in schedule 1, or if they believe that placing marijuana in schedule 2 is a viable policy, then we're going to cross-examine under oath and penalty of perjury every HHS official and scientist who claims that marijuana use is as dangerous as the use of cocaine or heroin." NIDA's viewpoint is supported by the fact that the CSA lists not only physical addictiveness but also "history and current pattern of abuse" and "scope, duration, and significance of abuse" among the factors to be considered in drug scheduling. Indeed, cannabis' retention in Schedule I has been partly due to findings in these areas by FDA, SAMHSA, and NIDA. The January 17, 2001 document Basis for the Recommendation for Maintaining Marijuana in Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act specifically cites SAMHSA's National Household Survey on Drug Abuse, NIDA's Monitoring the Future survey, SAMHSA's Drug Abuse Warning Network, and NIDA's Community Epidemiology Work Group data.

Paragraph 24: Teesta River is a  long river that rises in the Pauhunri Mountain of eastern Himalayas, flows through the Indian states of Sikkim and West Bengal and subsequently enters Bangladesh through Rangpur division. In Bangladesh, it falls into Brahmaputra River which after meeting some other major rivers of Bengal delta finally falls into the Bay of Bengal. It drains an area of . In India, it flows through Mangan District, Gangtok District, Pakyong District, Kalimpong district, Darjeeling District, Jalpaiguri District, Cooch Behar districts and the cities of Rangpo, Jalpaiguri and Mekhliganj. In Bangladesh, it flows through Lalmonirhat District, Rangpur District, Kurigram District and Gaibandha District. It joins the Brahmaputra River at Phulchhari Upazila in Bangladesh.  of the river lies in India and   in Bangladesh. Teesta is the largest river of Sikkim and second largest river of West Bengal after the Ganges.

Paragraph 25: After expulsion of partisans out of srez of Bijelo Polje in May, Glišić gave orders to local population to report hidden partisans under threat of death and that attacking Chetniks and destroying of roads, bridges and telephone lines is punishable by death, after which he ordered return of normal functioning of all administrative organs and schools. Italians thought that Glišić didn't have right to give these orders, and quickly rejected them as illegitimate. Soon they demanded that Glišić leaves Nova Varoš altogether, which Glišić energetically rejected and threatened to fight Italians. Alongside men of Petar Baćović, Glišić's men took an operation in Bosnia in early. Chetnik advancement was quicker than expected, and Partisans were forced to retreat from Foča to Gacko. Near Foča they encountered forces of Independent State of Croatia, took the town from them on June 10. This time Muslim population of the town remained untouched, unlike in other Chetnik captures of Foča. Germans and Ustaše pressured Italian governor of Montenegro Alessandro Pirzio Biroli to order Glišić to return the town on June 13 and Glišić had no choice, but to retreat to Nova Varoš. This worsened already bad relation between Italians and Glišić. On 26th of June Glišić's main advisor and ally Vučko Ignjatović was killed by pro-Ljotić members of his Detachment. Glišić was visibly disturbed by Ignjatović's death and wanted to return to Serbia. Italians used this to take over the town from Glišić without a fight. Nedić ordered Glišić to cooperated fully with Italians from now on, however Glišić did not accept the obvious defeat. Presence of large number of legalised Chetniks in Nova Varoš was seen as unsustainable by Italians, especially those of Glišić's Požega Detachment. Under excuse of Ignjatović's murder, Nedić ordered dissolution of the detachment and demobilisation was to be done by Glišić. Glišić was dismissed from the post, but he stayed near Nova Varoš despite Nedić's orders to leave the area with several members of Sandžak Detachment. He admitted to Draža Mihailović that the town was lost on 11th of July, however he stayed to check possibility of collaboration with Italians. Unfortunately for Glišić, German secret police investigated him. He was outed as a member of Mihailović's movement by one of Ignjatović's murderers. After murder of important ally of Ljotić in Čačak on 30th of July, in which Glišić was involved, Gestapo took action against him. After Glišić's departure, influence of Nedić's government in Sandžak weakens and eventually disappears. Sandžak Detachment 'falls into chaos', most of its members either leave it for other Chetnik units or completely leaves the fight. Đurišić benefits the most, as he becomes main Mihailović's commander in the region.

Paragraph 26: Since departing from B21, Jassi Sidhu has released four solo albums and one greatest hits album. His debut album titled Reality Check was released in 2003, and contained ten brand new songs. This release landed him a place in India, it was the first step for him to cement his name as a solo act. The album contained seven songs and three remixes. His second album called No Strings Attached was released in 2005, and also contained 10 new songs. This time Sidhu created a rock ballet type of song called honkeh. The album was fairly successful and boosted his reputation as a solo artist. The greatest hits album was filled with eight songs. Sidhu had redone three of the songs, "0Chandigarh", "Din Raat" and "Bhabi". The other five songs had the same music but saw Sidhu resigning them. Jassi Sidhus latest offering was called Ke Kehne and was released in 2008. This album has ten new songs and two remixes and saw Sidhu team up with "MBE" Malkit Singh. Jassi Sidhu also teams up with producer and friend Rishi Rich, as well as the man behind the hits "Tharti Hilde" and "Sher Punjabi", Aman Hayer.In April 2009, Jassi Sidhu released, Jassi What Happened?, an album comprising all his hits in live version recorded in the studio. It also came with a bonus DVD.Singing Between The Lines, featuring the single "Oh Jatta", was released for Digital Download on iTunes on 18 May 2011 and the CD released a week later. He appeared on the Breakdown Bhangra show in May 2011 on the BBC Asian Network and publicly declared that this would be his last album although he did not rule out singing occasional songs on other artists album. The reason he gave was that he wanted to quit the Bhangra industry after almost 20 years and try something new. In 2013, he released his song "Hipshaker" featuring Lilly Singh. In 2014, he released his song, "Singh" with Vanjhali Records. In 2020, he announced he will release a new album, titled The Trilogy. The album will feature 3 songs and will now be released in 2021. He released the song "Kudi Chandigarh Di" in March 2021, his first song since 2014.

Paragraph 27: Stebbing's most popular work is Thinking to Some Purpose (1939), a book commissioned by Pelican Books and described on the cover as: "A manual of first-aid to clear thinking, showing how to detect illogicalities in other people's mental processes and how to avoid them in our own." One of the more quoted passages of the book did not in fact appear in the main body of the work but on the first inside of the dust jacket of the 1939 printing and in the front matter of subsequent printings prior to 1952. As it appeared in print (in both 1939 and 1941) it runs, in full, as follows: "There is an urgent need to-day," writes Professor Stebbing, "for the citizens of a democracy to think well. It is not enough to have freedom of the Press and parliamentary institutions. Our difficulties are due partly to our own stupidity, partly to the exploitation of that stupidity, and partly to our own prejudices and personal desires." The work arose out of a synopsis she wrote for a series of radio broadcasts intended for the BBC. Published on the eve of the Second World War, Stebbing wrote in the Preface: "I am convinced of the urgent need for a democratic people to think clearly without the distortions due to unconscious bias and unrecognized ignorance. Our failures in thinking are in part due to faults which we could to some extent overcome were we to see clearly how these faults arise." p.9 [1952]Chapter IV opens thus:"Some forms of ineffective thinking are due to our not unnatural desire to have confident beliefs about complicated matters with regard to which we must take some action or other. We are sometimes too lazy, usually too busy, and often too ignorant to think out what is involved in the statements we so readily accept. ...we easily fall into the habit of accepting compressed statements which save us from the trouble of thinking. Thus arises what I shall call 'Potted Thinking'. This metaphor seems to me to be appropriate, because potted thinking is easily accepted, is concentrated in form, and has lost the vitamins essential to mental nourishment. You will notice that I have continued the metaphor by using the word 'vitamins.'  Do not accept the metaphor too hastily: it must be expanded. Potted meat is sometimes a convenient form of food; it may be tasty, it contains some nourishment. But its nutritive value is not equivalent to that of the fresh meat from which it was potted. Also, it must have originally been made from fresh meat, and must not be allowed to grow stale. Similarly a potted belief is convenient; it can be stated briefly, sometimes also in a snappy manner likely to attract attention. A potted belief should be the outcome of a belief that is not potted.  It should not be held on to when circumstances have changed and new factors have come to light. We should not allow our habits of thought to close our minds, nor rely upon catch-words to save ourselves from the labour of thinking. Vitamins are essential for the natural growth of our bodies; the critical questioning at times of our potted beliefs is necessary for the development of our capacity to think to some purpose." p.67–68 [1952]

Paragraph 28: Attles became an assistant coach in 1968, while still a player. He was named player-coach of the Warriors midway through the 1969–70 season, succeeding George Lee. He was one of the first African-American head coaches in the NBA. He retired as a player after the 1970–71 season, and stayed on as head coach, guiding the Rick Barry-led Warriors to the 1975 NBA championship over the heavily favored Washington Bullets, making him the second African-American coach to win an NBA title (the first was Bill Russell). Attles's team tried to repeat the following season, but they lost to the Phoenix Suns in the Conference Finals in seven games. The team would make the playoffs only once more for the remainder of his tenure as coach. Attles was replaced by Johnny Bach for the last 21 games of the 1979–80 NBA season (a season in which the Warriors finished tied for last place), though he returned for the next season (Bach would become Attles's permanent successor after 1983). Attles coached the Warriors until 1983, compiling a 557–518 regular-season record (588–548 including playoffs) with six playoff appearances in 14 seasons. During the 1983–84 NBA season, Attles worked as the Warriors' general manager. He is the longest-serving coach in Warriors history, and also has the most wins in franchise history.

Paragraph 29: In 1994, Goni(Original name Kim gon),a recent university graduate, has lost his entire savings, and money stolen from his family(his older sister), after being swindled by professional cheat gamblers(Park moo sik and Kwak Cheol Yong). In order to regain the money,from 1994 to 1995, Goni begins training in the art of trickery under one of the best gamblers in the country, Mr. Pyeong(also translated as Officer Pyeong.He is the top three gamblers along with Agwi of Jeolla province and JJakgwi(One ear) of Gyeongsang Province). He becomes well-known, wandering about different gambling places throughout the country with Pyeong. Madam Jeong, who runs an illegal gambling operation and plays the role of the architect of setting the plot in their gambling fraud schemes, begins to show interest in Goni.Over some philosophical differences in the art of gambling, Goni leaves Pyeong and begins working for Jeong, whom he also has a love tryst with. A ooncerned Pyeong, tries to discourage Goni to leave the gambling scene by cutting his finger, but while Goni tries to cut fingers, he accdidentally meets Agwi, who is known to kill his opponents after a gambling match with him. While in his usual gambling operations, Goni receives a call that Mr Pyeong was found dead with his wrist sliced off(initially implied to be a result of losing the match against Agwi, as Agwi murders his opponent.). An angry Goni,full of revenge, prepares to have a proper match with Agwi to beat him. While he was having another gambling match that  leads to the arrest of madam Jung, he meets another cardsharp Ko gwang ryol, who joins the dream team that would help Goni's match with Agwi.Goni meets JJakgwi who he learns the art of lying from. Goni also develops a relationship with Hwa ran, and delivers money to his family. Before he meets Agwi, he tries to beat Kwak cheol yong by beating at his own game, but is later caught, but goni averses the risk by murdering Kwak cheolyong's squad in an impromtu car accident.Meanwhile raccoon finds that Madam jeong is the reall killer of Mr pyeong, who ordered her bodyguard to kill for him.Ko gwang ryeol matches with Agwi and gets hurt. Goni finally gets a match with agwi, with madam jeong helping goni, and leads to Agwi losing the bet. However, as the game progresses it was revealed goni has suspected madam jeong making agwi and madam jeong lose all the things they have.After a fight in the train, goni mysteriously disappears.Goni hiding his previous life ends with involving in another form of gambling.

Paragraph 30: Bell Calloway began her acting career in the ABC daytime soap opera, All My Children in 1985. After moving to Los Angeles in 1986, she began appearing in episodes of prime time shows such as The Colbys, Falcon Crest, 227, China Beach, A Different World, and L.A. Law. She made her film debut on Number One with a Bullet (1987), before supporting role of Eddie Murphy's character's arranged wife in the 1988 comedy Coming to America. In 1990, she co-starred alongside Joe Morton in the ABC drama series, Equal Justice. During the 1990s, she had number of supporting roles in films, including What's Love Got to Do with It (1993) opposite Angela Bassett, The Inkwell (1994), and Crimson Tide (1995) as Denzel Washington's character wife. She also voiced a leading role in the 1992 dystopian animated film, Bébé's Kids. She had number of leading and supporting roles in the made for television movies. In 1995, she co-starred opposite James Earl Jones and former co-star Joe Morton in the short-lived CBS prime time soap opera, Under One Roof, the first drama series that feature an African-American lead characters. For her role on the series, Calloway was nominated for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series. She also had the leading roles on the short-leved NBC sitcom Rhythm & Blues (1992–93), and starred alongside Larry Hagman as his girlfriend in the CBS drama Orleans (1997).