Paragraph 1: After his J1 League rookie season Purple Sanga were relegated to J2 League. However, the following season Matsui played a prominent role in helping his club finish first in J2, earning the club a promotion back to J1. In 2002 the club continued their success by having a strong season, finishing sixth in the league and winning the Emperor's Cup. The club's success and Matsui's increased exposure lead to Matsui being called up to the national team for the first time in 2003. However, his club was again relegated to J2 after the 2003 season, and could not earn a return to Division 1 after the 2004 season.

Paragraph 2: The band members made the move to Missouri immediately following the March 1990 recording of Allroy Saves (1990) and New Girl, Old Story (1991). "We can't afford to live in L.A.", said Stevenson days before the relocation. "I've been living under my desk for nine years. The last time I had a bedroom was in early high school." "That was a financial necessity", recalled bassist Karl Alvarez, "because L.A., at the level of poverty we were at, was not that easy of a place to be. We were living in a practice space, for crying out loud [...] Bear in mind all this while that our fortunes rose and fell together. We were all living in the same place. Kind of like The Monkees on the TV show, only with more dirt and smell." Their new house was large enough to accommodate all four band members, their roadies Daniel "Bug" Snow and Curtis, and Stevenson's girlfriend of several years, Sarina Matteucci, who sold the band's merchandise through mail order and while on tour. "We had to move, or it would have caused the band to break up", said Stevenson. "So now we all have our own rooms, and we have a decent office to run the bookings and everything to keep it all going smoothly. We have a kitchen and things like that which we never had before. We're paying one-fourth the rent we were paying in L.A." "To have your own room, that in itself is just 'Wow, this is rad!', said guitarist Stephen Egerton, "Where I guess a lot of people my age would sort of be wanting to have a house." "The only disadvantage is that there's not really anything going on culturally or socially—nothing", said Stevenson, "But were not interested in disturbing these people's quiet existence. We're more interested in something of that nature ourselves."

Paragraph 3: Frank J. Oteri asks whether Montezuma and the operas of Dallapiccola ought to be regarded as being among the "important 12-tone operas", along with Berg's Lulu, Schoenberg's Moses und Aron, and Zimmermann's Die Soldaten. Andrea Olmstead agrees that Montezuma may aptly be compared with Berg's Lulu and Wozzeck, but primarily because of their shared extensive use of ostinato rhythms. Michael Steinberg says that it is "arguably the richest opera yet written by an American composer", and like Olmstead compares it to Wozzeck and Lulu (as well as to Les Troyens, Moses und Aron, War and Peace, and Palestrina) because, like them, Montezuma has long remained a "legend". Andrew Porter echos the "legendary" characterization and the comparison to Pfitzner's Palestrina, adding that these two operas, as well as Busoni's Doktor Faust, Hindemith's Harmonie der Welt, and Dallapiccola's Ulisse are "both personal and closely argued". At the same time, he cautions that "both text and music are insistent, unrelaxed, and reject passive acceptance", placing unusually high demands on the audience through the combination of Borgese's "Wardour Street diction" and Sessions's musical setting, which frequently superimposes two different vocal settings or accompanies the voices with orchestration that "amounts in performance to stiff competition". Patrick Smith agrees with the comparison to Moses und Aron because both are works "of the mind rather than of the opera stage". However, he does not find Sessions the match of Schoenberg's "ramrod genius", so that Montezuma "remains a tableau-oratorio" in which the salient moments (including a love duet inspired by Verdi's Otello) fail to be "drawn into a cohesive and ongoing whole." He finds the opera's greatest defect is its libretto, a "farrago of poetasty", which is "a ghastly example of self-parody that even a Robert Benchley could not have topped". John Harbison similarly finds parallels between the act-1 endings of both Montezuma and Otello, but also notes similarities to Aida and Tristan und Isolde.

Paragraph 4: He attracted a cult following and became a Manchester celebrity. He played his first gig on May 29, 1977, in support of Warsaw (later Joy Division). After a handful of solo performances, he was joined by local musicians, forming a band and becoming a regular supporting act. When a special concert was held to mark the last night of Manchester's Electric Circus venue (captured on the Virgin Records album Short Circuit: Live at the Electric Circus), with a bill that included Joy Division, The Fall, Steel Pulse, and John Cooper Clarke, he closed the proceedings by performing "Louie Louie" backed by Buzzcocks. He was introduced by Pete Shelley: "That's it from us, but the favourite of all Manchester, the one guy who never appears on the bill but is always there – Jon the Postman". He released two albums, Jon the Postman's Puerile (which was the first record to feature Mark E. Smith, who introduced "Louie Louie." A version of the song by The Fall with Jon on vocals appears on The Fall's Live 1977 album) and Jon the Postman's Psychedelic Rock 'N' Roll 5 Skinners Steppin' Out of Holts' Brewery, both released on Dave Bentley's Bent Records. The first featured an extended version of "Louie Louie," which was described by Stewart Home in his book Cranked Up Really High: Genre Theory and Punk Rock as taking, "the amateurism of the Kingsmen to its logical conclusion with grossly incompetent musicianship and a drummer who seems to be experiencing extreme difficulty simply keeping time," while the second included a similar treatment of Van Morrison's "Gloria". Both albums were reissued on a single CD by Overground Records in 1998. A further recording session known as Jon the Postman's Legendary Lost Session appeared only on a bootleg, although two songs turned up on a long-unavailable compilation LP entitled The Disparate Cognoscenti. They released on The Fall's now-defunct Cog Sinister label, which Jon helped to run (along with The Fall's fan club) while studying for a degree in Politics & History at Salford University. After he lost his job with the GPO, Jon travelled around Europe and spent five years living in San Francisco, before returning to Manchester.

Paragraph 5: Capcom created Final Fight for the arcade in 1989. The game involved players choosing among three fighters on a quest to save the mayor's daughter, who was kidnapped by a criminal gang known as Mad Gear. In 1990, Capcom presented Nintendo with a version of the game for the 16-bit Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES). According to David Sheff's book Game Over, Nintendo stated that Capcom could not put a female enemy in a video game published for the SNES, as that violated Nintendo's ban on violence against women. Capcom countered that there were no female enemies in the game, revealing that the female characters Roxy and Poison were transsexuals. The characters were nevertheless removed from the international versions of the SNES port (the Japanese Super Famicom version retained the characters). However, in 1993, Sega obtained the rights to release the game for their Sega CD. In a sign of Sega's more liberal policies, Poison and Roxy could remain in the international versions, but with less-provocative clothing, and there could be no indication of their transgender status.  (Sega of America later removed a homosexual boss and unlockable playable character called Ash from the international versions of Streets of Rage 3.)

Paragraph 6: Mark is Dusty's right-hand man in many Floating Outfit stories and the principal protagonist in a few (e.g. Rangeland Hercules). Much taller and heavier than Dusty (about six feet three inches and 210 pounds), Mark is seldom acknowledged as even having an equal for size and strength, although Dusty may be slightly stronger pound for pound. Rarely some third party is mentioned as having been capable of equalling one of Mark's feats of strength (one instance is in The Fortune Hunters, but was sabotaged and led to the crippling of the other man). Lacking Dusty's knowledge of Oriental martial arts, Mark adopts a more conventional albeit comparatively modern boxing style taught to him by Sailor Sam, who worked as Mark's father's cook, and is only ever beaten when badly outnumbered. Mark is almost as fast with his Colts as is Dusty, preferring Cavalry Peacemakers when these become available as replacements for his earlier Army Colts. Mark is invariably stated to be an even better cattleman than Dusty although deferring to him on cattle drives, and also an expert with either rifle or sabre although he concedes Dusty's superiority with either weapon. Also a shrewd lawman, Mark generally works as Dusty's deputy on such occasions. Since Mark is tall, strong and handsome (and a leader of Confederate Army fashions during the Civil War) Mark is often mistaken for Dusty by those who know the latter only by his very strong reputation, which confusion the Floating Outfit occasionally use to their advantage when it helps for Dusty to remain incognito for a while. Also an exceptional horseman, Mark rides a "huge" bloodbay stallion throughout his career with the Floating Outfit. Mark's good looks and Southern charm bring him many romantic conquests although he is principled enough to steer clear of innocents and is strongly averse to married women.

Paragraph 7: Hanlan was born to Irish parents; one of two sons and two daughters.  His mother was Mary Gibbs, his father, John, was first a fisherman and later a hotel keeper on the Toronto Islands. The Hanlan family originally lived at the east end of Toronto Island, but a severe storm in 1865 pushed their house into the harbour. It washed ashore near the north end of Gibraltar Point, at the island's west end. A few years later, Hanlan's father built a small hotel there, and the area started becoming known as Hanlan's Point, long before Hanlan became famous. Young Hanlan used to row several kilometres across the harbour to go to and from George Street public school, Toronto every day. He developed speed and strength by rowing his boat with freshly-caught fish to sell at market before other fishermen arrived to compete. By the time Hanlan was a teenager, he was competing in rowing events and he gained his first important success at the age of eighteen, when he became amateur champion of Toronto Bay.

Paragraph 8: Sources describing Silesia of the 9th and 10th centuries, such as the Bavarian Geographer () or Thietmar's Chronicle, indicate that the area which later became known as Silesia, was back then inhabited by several Lechitic tribes, known from written sources under their Latinised names. The Sleenzane (Slenzans; Ślężanie) lived in lands near modern Wrocław and along the Ślęza river, as well as near mount Ślęża. They probably numbered 60–75,000 people and according to the Bavarian Geographer, they were divided into 15 civitates. The Opolini (Opolans; Opolanie) lived in lands near modern Opole, their population was perhaps 30–40,000 and comprised 20 civitates. The Dadodesani or Dedosize (Dyadosans; Dziadoszanie) lived in areas near modern Głogów, numbered probably 30,000 people, as well as 20 civitates. The Golensizi (Golensizians; Golęszyce) dwelled near modern Racibórz, Cieszyn and Opawa - they consisted of five civitates. The Lupiglaa (Głubczyce) probably lived on the Głubczyce Plateau, near Głubczyce, and comprised 30 civitates. The Trebouane (Tryebovians; Trzebowianie), mentioned by the Prague Document (which describes the situation as of year 973 or earlier), occupied areas near modern Legnica and could number some 25–30,000 individuals. The Poborane (Bobrans; Bobrzanie) - mentioned by the same document - lived along the lower and middle course of the Bóbr river. The Psyovians (Psouane; Pszowianie) lived near Pszów, to the east of the Opolans and to the west of Cracow.

Paragraph 9: The prologue was won by Freddy Maertens by 0:17 over the 2nd place rider. Between 1967 and 2012 most Tour's had a prologue, which is a short individual time trial less than 10 km, and this victory by Maertens was the largest margin of victory in Tour history. By comparison Merckx's largest prologue victory was only 0:11, yet is still the 3rd largest of all time. The directeur sportif for the Flandria team was Guillaume "Lomme" Driessens, a man who knew what it took to win the Tour de France having directed Merckx; and he was hesitant about allowing his young potential star starting a Tour this early in his career, but he was overridden by the team owner Pol Claeys and Maertens was added to the start list. He followed his prologue victory with another victory in stage 1, and during stage 2 he once again attempted to work his way to the front of the pack to fight for the win where he, along with everybody else, was beaten to the finish line by Giovanni Battaglin who took the victory by a full ten seconds. Stage 3 was another ITT, a 37 km ride around a beach resort along the English Channel known as Le Touquet Paris Plage. Again it was Maertens stealing all of the headlines handily beating the three favorites, as well as the time trial specialists by a considerable margin of over two minutes. In fact, the 2nd place rider at +1:37 behind was neither a favorite nor a specialist but rather his best friend within the peloton, and another young Belgian in Michel Pollentier, who shared the exact same birthday as Maertens, but was one year older. Another up and coming rider who performed well during the time trial was the Dutchman and defending World Champion Hennie Kuiper who finished 2:57 behind Maertens, but still fared better than Thévenet, Van Impe and Zoetemelk.

Paragraph 10: The northern regions of Afghanistan and Pakistan are important strongholds for the wolf. It has been estimated that there are about 300 wolves in approximately  of Jammu and Kashmir in northern India, and 50 more in Himachal Pradesh. Hindus traditionally considered the hunting of wolves, even dangerous ones, as taboo, for fear of causing a bad harvest. The Santals, however, considered them fair game, as with every other forest-dwelling animal. During British India, wolves were not considered game species, and were killed primarily in response to them attacking game herds, livestock, and people. In 1876, in the North-West Provinces and Bihar State, 2,825 wolves were killed in response to 721 fatal attacks on humans. Two years later, 2,600 wolves were killed in response to attacks leaving 624 humans dead. By the 1920s, wolf extermination remained a priority in the NWP and Awadh. Overall, over 100,000 wolves were killed for bounties in British India between 1871 and 1916. In modern India, the Indian wolf is distributed across the states of Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh. As of 2004, it is estimated that there are around 2000–3000 Indian wolves in the country. Mahuadanr Wolf Sanctuary in the state of Jharkhand is only wolf sanctuary in the country. They are mainly found outside of protected reserves and feed mainly on domestic animals, such as goats or sheep. However, in areas where natural prey is still abundant, for example in Velavadar National Park or Panna Tiger Reserve, natural prey species are still preferred. Although protected since 1972, Indian wolves are classed as Endangered, with many populations lingering in low numbers or living in areas increasingly used by humans. In March 2023, ten captive-bred wolves were released in Gujarat, a first for India. Although present in Bhutan, there is no information on the wolves occurring there.

Paragraph 11: On August 11, 2020, KKLE returned to the air, operating from studios in Wellington, but would fall silent again on August 25. A suspension of operations/silent temporary authority filing was not submitted until October, with Rocking M citing a shortage of operating funds resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, along with inadvertence from the company's marketing and facilities manager, as the reasons behind the request. The STA request was approved on November 25, 2020. Rocking M would have August 24, 2021 to return KKLE to air. On December 23, 2021, Rocking M agreed to a Consent Decree with a $7,000 fine to settle the license renewal applications for KKLE, KIBB, KWME, KVWF and KLEY, and to complete the sale of KKGQ to Pinnacle Media. Rocking M admitted in its license renewal applications that all six stations were silent for periods of time without STA’s filed or granted by the FCC. As part of the Consent Decree, the stations will all be given conditional one year license renewals as opposed to the usual seven year term. On March 26, 2022, Rocking M filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, claiming $1,307,696.75 in assets and $22,365,886.40 in liabilities owed between its four holding companies. Bankruptcy attorney Sharon Stolte of Sandberg Phoenix & von Gontard, who is representing the company, told The Wichita Eagle: “We filed on Saturday, and we are hoping to reorganize. We will sell some of the stations that we find are not profitable, and we will reorganize the debt with the remaining stations.” In addition, the lawsuit between Rocking M and Allied Media Partners will go to trial in June 2022. On July 29, Rocking M announced they would partner with Patrick Communications to market and engage a sale of Rocking M's Wichita, Wellington and Winfield stations (including KKLE), as well as 7 other stations in Kansas, through an auction; bids were then accepted until September 27, with the auction set to take place in October. KKLE is currently simulcasting the adult hits format originating on KWME and broadcasting on the aforementioned stations that are planned to be sold. On October 31, it was announced that Pittsburg-based MyTown Media was the winning bidder for KKLE and Rocking M's Wichita and Wellington stations for $1.18 million; the company was also the winning bidder for two stations in Liberal and Pratt. While the bankruptcy court has approved the purchases, the sale was officially filed with the FCC on February 2, 2023.

Paragraph 12: Rabbi Levi taught that God gave the section of the Red Cow in  (which came into force as soon as the Tabernacle was set up) on the day that the Israelites set up the Tabernacle. Rabbi Rabbi Johanan said in the name of Rabbi Bana'ah that the Torah was transmitted in separate scrolls, as  says, "Then said I, 'Lo I am come, in the roll of the book it is written of me.'" Rabbi Simeon ben Lakish (Resh Lakish), however, said that the Torah was transmitted in its entirety, as  "Take this book of the law." The Gemara reported that Rabbi Johanan interpreted  "Take this book of the law," to refer to the time after the Torah had been joined from its several parts. And the Gemara suggested that Resh Lakish interpreted  "in a roll of the book written of me," to indicate that the whole Torah is called a "roll," as  says, "And he said to me, 'What do you see?' And I answered, 'I see a flying roll.'" Or perhaps, the Gemara suggested, it is called "roll" for the reason given by Rabbi Levi, who said that God gave eight sections of the Torah, which Moses then wrote on separate rolls, on the day on which the Tabernacle was set up. They were: the section of the priests in  the section of the Levites in  (as the Levites were required for the service of song on that day), the section of the unclean (who would be required to keep the Passover in the second month) in  the section of the sending of the unclean out of the camp (which also had to take place before the Tabernacle was set up) in  the section of  (dealing with Yom Kippur, which  states was transmitted immediately after the death of Aaron's two sons), the section dealing with the drinking of wine by priests in  the section of the lights of the menorah in , and the section of the Red Cow in 

Paragraph 13: The 185th Tunnelling Company started work on the Lochnagar mine on 11 November 1915 and handed the tunnels over to 179th Tunnelling Company in March 1916. A month before the handover, 18 men of the 185th Tunnelling Company (2 officers, 16 sappers) were killed on 4 February when the Germans detonated a camouflet near the British three-level mine system, starting from Inch Street, La Boisselle, the deepest level being just above the water table at around . The Lochnagar mine consisted of two chambers with a shared access tunnel (see map). The shaft was sunk in the communication trench called Lochnagar Street. After the Black Watch had arrived at La Boissselle at the end of July 1915, many existing Allied fortifications, originally dug by the French, had been given Scotland-related names. The Lochnagar mine probably had the first deep incline shaft, which sloped  to a depth of about  – see map. It was begun  behind the British front line and  away from the German front line. Starting from the inclined shaft, about  below ground, a gallery was driven towards the German lines. For silence, the tunnellers used bayonets with spliced handles and worked barefoot on a floor covered with sandbags. Flints were carefully prised out of the chalk and laid on the floor; if the bayonet was manipulated two-handed, an assistant caught the dislodged material. Spoil was placed in sandbags and passed hand-by-hand, along a row of miners sitting on the floor and stored along the side of the tunnel, later to be used to tamp the charge. When about  from the , the tunnel was forked into two branches and the end of each branch was enlarged to form a chamber for the explosives, the chambers being about  apart and  deep – see map. When finished, the access tunnel for the Lochnagar mine was  and had been excavated at a rate of about  per day, until about  long, with the galleries beneath the . The mine was loaded with  of ammonal, divided in two charges of  and . As the chambers were not big enough to hold all the explosive, the tunnels that branched to form the 'Y' were also filled with ammonal. The longer branch was  long, the shorter was  long. The tunnels did not quite reach the German front line but the blast would dislodge enough material to form a  high rim and bury nearby trenches.

Paragraph 14: On television, he appeared in two episodes of The Odd Couple, once in a very early episode as an irate fellow juror infuriated with Felix Unger's pesty personality and four years later as a fellow subway train passenger.  Shortly after, Martin co-starred with Tony Randall for two seasons in The Tony Randall Show as court reporter Jack Terwilliger. Throughout the run of this show, he had second billing only to Randall himself. In 1979, he was cast as the title character in Norman Lear's final TV series concept, McGurk: A Dog's Life. Martin was cast to play a character similar to Lear's earlier creation, Archie Bunker, but played as a dog. Only the pilot was completed. In 1990, he co-starred with Valerie Bertinelli and Matthew Perry in the CBS sitcom Sydney.  In 1987, he appeared in the pilot episode of 21 Jump Street as Johnny Depp's partner.  In 1993, Martin played the recurring role of "Pete Peters" on the Don Rickles sit-com Daddy Dearest. Although he was the second actor to portray Jerry's dad, Morty, in the 90s sitcom Seinfeld, he is the one most associated with the role, as the first actor, Phil Bruns, only appeared in one episode.

Paragraph 15: (PROLOGUE: ONCE (UPON A WHILE AGO) In a village by the sea ruled by a powerful King, Father and daughter live a hardscrabble life on the streets. By night, he attempts to calm his starving child by recounting the dream he had on the day she was born (LULLABY). By day, Father and Aheh beg door to door, struggling to remain optimistic in the face of adversity (HOW YOU LOOK AT IT). Elsewhere in the village, we meet Madame Bang Duk Omi - the ugly, conniving town wench (MADAME OMI). Madame Omi is a devious swindler of blind men, seducing her unlucky victims and stealing their rice (the equivalent of money in this faraway land). As the days go by, Aheh takes it upon herself to support her Father and sets off to find work (HOW YOU LOOK AT IT (Reprise). Early the next morning, in the Village, Aheh learns the story of the Magic Buddhist Monk who can grant miracles. When Father awakens to find Aheh gone, he goes off in search of her and meets Madame Omi. At first, Omi attempts to woo him, but soon realizes that he has nothing she needs, so she abandons him on the side of the road. Disoriented, Father stumbles into a nearby swamp and is rescued by the Magic Monk himself, who promises to restore Father's eyesight for only three hundred bags of rice (if paid by the next full moon) – conjuring several miraculous examples to prove it (MADAME OMI (Reprise)/THE DEAL/HOW YOU LOOK AT IT (Reprise 2). Secretly, Aheh becomes determined to save up enough rice so that her Father will be able to pay the Monk's fee. Toiling ever harder, Aheh labors many long hours for several employers at a multitude of demanding jobs, all the while dreaming of the day her Father will have his eyesight (HOUSEKEEPING). Opportunity unexpectedly presents itself in the form of a group of superstitious Sailors who arrive in the village, willing to pay three hundred bags of rice in exchange for a virgin to sacrifice to the God of the Sea (YO, HO, HO!). Aheh sees this as her only chance and strikes a deal with them: her life, for the rice. Madame Omi overhears their exchange and plots to steal the rice for herself (MADAME OMI (Reprise 2). That night, unable to say goodbye (THE WAY I’LL SAY GOODBYE), Aheh prepares to leave her Father behind, withholding the truth from him until the final moment when the Sailors return to take her away. They set sail at sunrise, sacrificing Aheh to the God of the Sea by throwing her overboard. Father is left alone and devastated with his three hundred bags of rice - and only the conniving Madame Omi to “comfort” him (ANY MINUTE NOW).

Paragraph 16: Yin Yuzhen, was born in Jingbian County, Shaanxi Province, in a small village. Housework was no stranger to her as her being the fifth of the seven siblings she had helping out and doing her part came to her by nature. Growing up poor she explained how she did not have luxury items such as rings, necklaces, or earrings that having those would make no sense as her family could barely afford the clothes on her back let alone food to get by. Not attending school at nineteen, her parents wished for her to be married, and she was arranged to be to Bai Wanxiang living in the Mu Us Desert in extreme conditions. Starting life in a desert but Yin, living in a cave, the ground she lived on the floor was covered with firewood and dry deadwood. The roof of the house was constructed out of an assortment of wood tied together with bits and pieces of rope and straw. She recalled the first time she set eyes on the house she wept for seven days and consumed only water in those seven days. The use of her living quarters requiring her to bend down to get inside her home and curl up into a ball to sleep. She stated in the first forty days of living there she did not see another human being and the first time she did she was so deprived of other human interaction that she ran to the man she say ultimately scaring him off. She often would have thoughts of suicide but stated that she simply did not have the ability to do it. She did not have a belt to hang herself and that there wasn’t a tree in sight for miles. This can be attributed to the desolate environment of the Mu Us Desert, spanning 16,300 miles, which is described as a sterile environment with one wind per year traveling from the spring till winter. These winds made it difficult for outsiders to enter the village, which let Yin essentially cut off from the rest of the country. She at times contemplated leaving the village, and when consulting her husband on the matter, he proclaimed that he would not survive in the desert alone and begged her to stay with him. She ultimately decided to stay fueled by her hard-working attitude and frustration from living in these conditions, Yin came to a critical decision that would change her life forever. She would rather wear herself down by planting trees to combat the desert than being beaten by the environment. She would not resort to begging, rather she would combat the desert and subdue it. As she worked to fight the desert she created a song that she would sing to herself to keep her going through the troubling times.

Paragraph 17: Pink Martini has grown from four musicians to its current twelve. Singer China Forbes – who Lauderdale met at the college, Harvard University – joined the band in 1995. The band has performed its multi-lingual repertoire on concert stages and with symphony orchestras throughout Europe, Asia, Greece, Turkey, Lebanon, Tunisia, Australia, Canada and the United States. In 1998, the ensemble made its European debut at the Cannes Film Festival, as well as its orchestral debut with the Oregon Symphony under the direction of Norman Leyden. Pink Martini has since performed with over 50 symphony orchestras around the world including the Boston Pops, the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the BBC Orchestra, and with the National Symphony Orchestra at the Kennedy Center in Washington. Other appearances include two sold-out concerts at Carnegie Hall in 2007 & 2009; the grand opening of the Los Angeles Philharmonic's Frank Gehry-designed Walt Disney Concert Hall, with return sold-out engagements for New Year's Eve 2003, 2004, 2008, 2011 & 2014; the opening party of the New York Museum of Modern Art; the Governor's Ball at the 80th Annual Academy Awards in 2008; the opening of the 2008 Sydney Festival in Australia; two sold-out concerts at Paris' legendary Olympia theatre in 2011; and Paris' fashion house Lanvin's 10-year anniversary celebration for designer Alber Elbaz in 2012.

Paragraph 18: The 2001 film incorporates more elements from the Fritz Lang film Metropolis.  When making the original Metropolis manga, Tezuka said that the only inspiration he got from Fritz Lang's Metropolis was a still image from the film where a female robot was being born.  In addition to adopting set designs of the original film, the 2001 film has more emphasis on a strong and pervasive theme of class struggle in a dystopian, plutocratic society and expands it to examine the relationship of robots with their human masters.  (This relationship was explored by Tezuka in great detail with his popular series Astro Boy.)  The anime adaptation also removes many of the more fanciful elements out of Tezuka's manga, such as a flying, gender swapping humanoid.  Here, Mitchi is replaced by "Tima", who is permanently female and cannot fly. In this version, Kenichi is an assistant to his uncle and forms a very strong friendship with Tima even though neither know she's a robot. Tima and Kenichi seem to care for each other deeply, as seen when Tima is worried about Kenichi when he's unconscious. Kenichi even goes so far as to remove Tima from the throne in an effort to save her and not allow her to become a weapon of evil. Tima was taught language by Kenichi and that she was someone unique. She also considered him her only family because he was kind to her and protected her; it seems that she loved Kenichi very much.  It can be assumed that Kenichi fell in love with Tima, shown in many scenes when he blushes when he sees her writing his name so she wouldn't forget him. Kenichi didn't seem to care if Tima was robot or not, showing that he was willing to rescue her because of how much he cared for her. Tima only remembered Kenichi when he tried to save her because of everything he taught her. Tima's relationship with Kenichi ends, however, when Tima accepts her identity as a robot over that of a female human, triggering a robot revolution.

Paragraph 19: Gormé was born in the Bronx to Sephardic Jewish parents Nessim Hasdai Gormezano and Fortuna "Fortunee" Gormezano. Both her parents were born in Turkey. The Gormezanos spoke several languages at home, including Ladino (also referred to as Judaeo-Spanish). Due to its close relationship with Castilian Spanish, Gormé was able to speak and sing in Spanish. She was distantly related (by marriage) to Neil Sedaka. After graduating from William Howard Taft High School, which she attended with Stanley Kubrick, Gormé found a job as a translator. At night she studied at City College.  On weekends she sang in a band led by Ken Greengrass.

Paragraph 20: Welles, plays himself taking a break from the filming of Othello, is driving in the Irish countryside one night when he offers a ride to a man (played by Michael Laurence) with car trouble. The man relates a strange event that happened to him at the same location. Two women flagged down, asking for a ride to their manor. They invited him in for a drink. The daughter, Lucy Campbell (played by Helena Hughes), was apparently the long lost love of the man's uncle by the inscription read in the cigarette case she admired. {Her first name is not revealed until the end of the story.} After leaving, he went back for his cigarette case but found the manor deserted and decayed. In Dublin, a real estate broker (played by John Dunne) told him the mother (played by Shelah Richards) and daughter had died years ago. The Broker gives him a set of keys to the manor so he can see if his cigarette case is there. Upon arrival, he hears voices and sees his footprints in the dust on the floor. On the fireplace mantle is the cigarette case and as he hears the clock chimes he flees from the house as Lucy cries, "don't go".  Having finished his tale, he shows Welles the cigarette case, who is now sufficiently spooked,  and drops the man off at his home. He leaves in a hurry when the man asks him in for a cup of tea or something stronger as the ghostly women had earlier invited him into Glennascaul. As Welles drives off he passes two flesh, and blood women (played by Isobel Couser and Ann Clery) who wave for a ride, who recognize the actor and he tries to hide his face as he drives past.

Paragraph 21: The Huaorani arrived at Palm Beach around 3:00 p.m., and in order to divide the foreigners before attacking them, they sent three women to the other side of the river. One, Dawa, remained hidden in the jungle, but the other two showed themselves. Two of the missionaries waded into the water to greet them, but were attacked from behind by Nampa. Apparently attempting to scare him, Elliot, the first missionary to be speared, pulled out his pistol and began firing. One of these shots mildly injured Dawa, still hidden, and another grazed the missionary's attacker after he was grabbed from behind by one of the women. Accounts differ on the effect of that bullet. Missionaries interpreted the testimonies of Dawa and Dayuma to mean that Nampa was killed months later while hunting, but others, including missionary anthropologist James Yost, came to believe that his death was a result of the bullet wound.  Rachel Saint did not accept this, holding that eyewitnesses supported her position, but researcher Laura Rival, a critic of the expedition, suggests that it is now commonly believed among Huaorani that Nampa died of the wound. The other missionary in the river, Fleming, before being speared, desperately reiterated friendly overtures and asked the Huaorani why they were killing them. Meanwhile, the other Huaorani warriors, led by Gikita, attacked the three missionaries still on the beach, spearing Saint first, then McCully as he rushed to stop them. Youderian ran to the airplane to get to the radio, but he was speared as he picked up the microphone to report the attack. The Huaorani then threw the men's bodies and their belongings in the river, and ripped the fabric from their aircraft. They then returned to their village and, anticipating retribution, burned it to the ground and fled into the jungle.

Paragraph 22: Starting in 3rd place, Brad Keselowski took the lead from Kyle Larson and Alex Bowman and led the first lap of the race. On lap 7, Keselowski began to battle for the lead with Kyle Busch with Busch leading that lap but Keselowski got out in front of Busch on lap 8. On lap 27, Busch took the lead from Keselowski but Keselowski battled with him on lap 32 which Keselowski would lead that lap before Busch took it back the next lap. During green flag pitstops on lap 39, Jacques Villeneuve, making his first Daytona 500 start, spun coming to pit road and was able to keep the car going and no caution was thrown. The first caution flew on lap 41 when Kaz Grala's right rear wheel came off and Chase Briscoe got turned by Austin Cindric. The race restarted on lap 46 with Kyle Busch remaining as the leader. On lap 52, the second caution flew when Justin Haley's right front wheel came off. The race restarted on lap 57 with Kyle Busch remaining as the leader. On lap 58, William Byron took the lead from Busch. Harrison Burton took the lead from Byron on lap 59 but Burton lost the lead to Martin Truex Jr. on lap 61. With 3 laps to go in stage 1 on lap 63, an 8 car wreck occurred on the backstretch. It started when Brad Keselowski was pushing Harrison Burton when Keselowski pushed Burton at the wrong angle turning Burton into William Byron, Kyle Busch, Denny Hamlin, Ross Chastain, Christopher Bell, and Alex Bowman. Burton's car caught air, flipped over, and landed back on all 4 of his wheels. Everyone walked away ok. Stage 1 ended under caution with Martin Truex Jr. winning the stage. Ryan Blaney led the field to the restart on lap 72. After green flag pit stops, Brad Keselowski took the lead on lap 110. On lap 125, Kyle Larson took the lead from Keselowski but Keselowski took it back from Larson on the next lap. With 2 laps to go in stage 2, Martin Truex Jr. took the lead and also won the stage edging out Joey Logano. The race restarted on lap 138 with Brad Keselowski leading the race. With 50 laps to go, the 5th caution flew for a 5 car crash on the front stretch. It started when Tyler Reddick got turned by Jacques Villeneuve collecting Martin Truex Jr., Joey Logano, and Kurt Busch. The race restarted with 41 laps to go with Austin Cindric leading the field. Cindric soon began to battle for the lead with Bubba Wallace.

Paragraph 23: En route to or near Batticaloa De Weert's fleet took four passing Portuguese ships, but then a number of events went wrong. In Batticaloa, the Dutch crew had shot several cows. Worse, De Weert released the Portuguese crews who had surrendered to the Dutch on the promise that their lives would be spared. These crews were sent off on two of their ships, while the King had demanded their execution. This greatly upset Vimaladharmasuriya and made him wonder if the Dutch were on the Portuguese side. He refused to inspect or even view the captured Portuguese ships. After heated discussions at a banquet dinner in Batticaloa about their joint forthcoming attack on Galle, De Weert, invited the King to board his ship but the King refused as De Weert had ordered the surrendered Portuguese soldiers not to be executed, against the King's request. The King is to have said that he had to return back to Kandy as his Queen was all by herself.  Upset with the King's refusal and inebriated during the dinner, De Weert is said to have insulted the Queen by saying, "Your majesty need not worry. The ministers of Candia (Kandy) will look after the Queen." The king ordered him imprisoned, calling out ‘’Bandapan mé balla’’ (“bind that dog”).  In the struggle, De Weert had apparently attempted to draw his sword and the King's men, perhaps accidentally, killed De Weert by a blow to the head. The King then ordered the few accompanying officers killed, as well as the 300 men who had come ashore but at the King's request had stayed on the beach. Just a few men who were able to swim to the ships survived. Though not accepting responsibility for the deaths of De Weert and his crew, the King eventually offered his apologies and the VOC sent the merchant Jacob Cornelisz later that year. He was treated well but was not offered the promised merchandise, returning with a letter from the King expressing hope for improved relationships.Sebald De Weert Visits Kandy in R. K. de Silva & W.G.M. Beumer, Illustrations and Views of Dutch Ceylon 1602-1796, Serendib Publications, London, 1988, pp.37-39

Paragraph 24: By the 1860s, the spring was under the private ownership of John Armistead. Around this time, the spring started to become a major source of Atlanta's water supply after Yancey Springs, another freshwater spring in the city, had been filled in in 1868 to make way for a new railroad in the city. By 1870, Ponce de Leon Springs had also become a popular day trip destination for Atlanta citizens. With the spring's popularity well-established, Armistead began bottling the water and established a residential water delivery service by 1871. That same year, the Atlanta and Richmond Air-Line Railway constructed a railroad near the spring, which was located at the foot of its embankment. This railroad would later come under the ownership of Southern Railway. In 1872, an amphitheater with a dance pavilion was constructed near the spring, and that same year, a local businessman established an omnibus service to the spring, with a one-way fare of $0.50. The service ran between the spring and Kimball House in downtown and helped to increase tourism to the spring. At the time, it was one of only a handful of public parks in the area, alongside Oglethorpe Park, Oakland Cemetery, and a small park near Atlanta City Hall. Around this same time, Richard Peters, a co-owner of the Atlanta Street Railway, took notice of the increasing popularity of the spring and had a route created to the location. This route, a part of the railway's Nine-Mile Circle, was an extension of their Peachtree Street line and followed a path that would later become known as Ponce de Leon Avenue, one of the most traveled thoroughfares in the city. The line opened in June 1874 and charged a fare of $0.10, which was twice the amount the railway charged for their other routes. This increased price was due to the remote location of the spring, which was in a sparsely populated area, and the line only ran for six months out of the year, as few people visited the spring during the winter. Additionally, the railway had had to construct a bridge across Clear Creek to reach the spring. By 1884, another rail company, the Gate City Street Railroad, had also established a line to take people from downtown to the spring. In 1875, an article in The Atlanta Constitution called the spring "Atlanta's Charming Suburban Resort". By this time, a bath house had also been built at the spring, and there were numerous vendors selling fruit and ice cream to the visitors. A ten-pin bowling alley was added by 1879, the same year that the spring was discussed in the national publication Harper's New Monthly Magazine, and by 1881, the spring was receiving several thousand visitors annually. The popularity of the spring during this time was part of a larger nationwide trend of trolley parks that had become popular in large cities throughout the United States.

Paragraph 25: The novel presents the story from the perspective of Desiderio, a bureau member in the main city currently under the attack of Doctor Hoffman's desire machines. With these machines, Doctor Hoffman expands the dimensions of time and space, allowing ever-changing mirages to inhabit the same dimension as the living. Desiderio, though indifferent to the haunting apparitions, finds himself visited nightly by a glass woman, the manifestation of Albertina, Hoffman's daughter and Desiderio's lover-to-be. Unlike Desiderio, many people go crazy in response to the apparitions, and the city, severed from communication with the outside world, becomes a place of rampant insanity and crime, thereby prompting a state of emergency. Under the command of the Minister of Determination, Desiderio embarks on an undercover journey to find and assassinate Doctor Hoffman.

Paragraph 26: Another example where we can use the more general version of Hensel's lemma but not the basic version is a proof that any 3-adic integer c ≡ 1 mod 9 is a cube in  Let  and take initial approximation a = 1. The basic Hensel's lemma cannot be used to find roots of f(x) since  for every r. To apply the general version of Hensel's lemma we want  which means  That is, if c ≡ 1 mod 27 then the general Hensel's lemma tells us f(x) has a 3-adic root, so c is a 3-adic cube. However, we wanted to have this result under the weaker condition that c ≡ 1 mod 9. If c ≡ 1 mod 9 then c ≡ 1, 10, or 19 mod 27. We can apply the general Hensel's lemma three times depending on the value of c mod 27: if c ≡ 1 mod 27 then use a = 1, if c ≡ 10 mod 27 then use a = 4 (since 4 is a root of f(x) mod 27), and if c ≡ 19 mod 27 then use a = 7. (It is not true that every c ≡ 1 mod 3 is a 3-adic cube, e.g., 4 is not a 3-adic cube since it is not a cube mod 9.)

Paragraph 27: Although Kanno was originally a socialist, she later converted to anarchism during her imprisonment after the Red Flag Incident. She criticized the kokutai system, which stated that the Japanese emperor himself was the embodiment of Japan. Kanno argued that the emperor was not a divine figure nor an actual descendant of Amaterasu. Kanno sought to overthrow the Japanese government, targeting politicians, prosecutors, police, etc. During her execution, she expressed her hatred for the prosecutor, Taketomi:"While I was in prison the, I resolved not to rest until I killed [you] Prosecutor Taketomi, the enemy I'd grown to hate. And when we raised the revolutionary movement, I was determined that the first thing I'd do would be to hurl a bomb at your head. If I hurled a bomb at you, I imagine your life blood would gush with just about as much vigorous as you had when delivering that [court-room] address, wouldn't it? In the months after my release from prison in September last year, 1909, my resolution to kill you did not waver. Also when I was told after my collapse in October when I was feverish and unconscious that I'd raved in my delirium about Prosecutor Taketomi – that I bore that deep a grudge against someone – it was enough to make me laugh. Then someone, I don't remember who, said that Prosecutor Taketomi - was not that brutal personally, and my antipathy subsided a little. Also, because I had much to do for the cause and my own affairs to attend to, until today there has been no opportunity to kill you."She also specified other pivotal Japanese government figures, including Yamagata Aritomo and Emperor Meiji. For the former, Kanno expressed her "joy" if she was able to throw a bomb at him, due to his hostility to democracy and socialism. In regards to the latter, she did not personally hate him, but saw him as the ultimate symbol of the oppressive government. She stated:"Though I actually feel it is a pity to do away with the current sovereign in his capacity as an individual, as sovereign of a system that oppresses us he is the one who stands at its apex, and it is therefore unavoidable. It is necessary, that is, because he is the leader of the spoilers. The reason why I think it is a pity is that he merely leaves things up to his government officials, and cannot know anything firsthand about society. I think that if we were able now to speak with him a little in person about democracy, he might come to understand and put a stop to this persecution. But in the situation there is today there is no hope of our having an opportunity to speak to the sovereign. He is a noble and great person, so it is regrettable but truly unavoidable."

Paragraph 28: Horton had been in contention for a Ryder Cup place as early as 1965. That year he was 11th in the Ryder Cup points list before the final qualifying event, the Esso Golden Tournament, with the leading 10 making the team. However he finished last in the tournament and dropped to 14th place. From 1969 the Ryder Cup team was partly chosen by a selection committee. Horton was a strong candidate in 1969 and 1971 but was not selected until 1975 at Laurel Valley Golf Club. Four members of the 12-man team were selected by committee and with two US-based players chosen, Tony Jacklin and Peter Oosterhuis, there were only two places for the remaining players. Despite finishing 15th in the points list, Horton was selected, making his debut at the age of 34. Horton lost his three pairs matches but on the final day he halved his match against Hale Irwin in the morning singles and beat Lou Graham in the afternoon. Horton played again in 1977 at Royal Lytham. He was 5th in the Ryder Cup points list and gained an automatic spot for the first time. He lost the three matches he played, all by the same score, 5&4.

Paragraph 29: The glossators conducted detailed text studies that resulted in collections of explanations. For their work they used a method of study unknown to the Romans themselves, insisting that contradictions in the legal material were only apparent. They tried to harmonize the sources in the conviction that for every legal question only one binding rule exists. Thus they approached these legal sources in a dialectical way, which is a characteristic of medieval scholasticism. They sometimes needed to invent new concepts not found in Roman law, such as half-proof (evidence short of full proof but of some force, such as a single witness). In other medieval disciplines, for example theology and philosophy, glosses were also made on the main authoritative texts.

Paragraph 30: With only six months left on his contract, English Premier League club Newcastle United had a cut price £500,000 bid accepted for Gouffran. On 22 January 2013, Gouffran revealed via Twitter that a move to Newcastle was due to happen the following day: "Tomorrow I will be a new player of Newcastle and I am proud. Thanks to everyone." He added, "Big thanks to everyone who has supported me through the good times and bad times. I thank the leadership of the club and the staff for helping me grow I need a new challenge and therefore I hope that you respect my choice. I will follow all the results of the Girondins (Bordeaux)." He was unveiled as a Newcastle player on 23 January, after signing a four-and-a-half year contract and given the number 11 shirt. He made his debut for Newcastle on 29 January 2013 in a 1–2 win against Aston Villa at Villa Park. He scored his first Newcastle goal on 9 February in a 2–1 defeat against Tottenham Hotspur. On 2 November, Gouffran scored the first goal for Newcastle in their 2–0 win against Chelsea. After the match, he received rave reviews from manager Alan Pardew. Gouffran continued an impressive run of form, scoring again against Norwich City and then added another goal to take his tally to five for the season when he scored the first of Newcastle's two goals against West Bromwich Albion on 30 November 2013. Gouffran followed this up by scoring Newcastle's only goal in a one-all draw at home to Southampton on 14 December. Following his impressive form, he suddenly became a fan favourite, mainly due to his hard working mentality which was a key factor in Newcastle's sudden rise toward the top of the Premier League standings. On 26 December 2013, Gouffran scored yet again in a comprehensive 5–1 victory over Stoke City at St James' Park, in doing so becoming the first player for Newcastle to score in five consecutive games at St. James' Park since Alan Shearer in 1997.