Paragraph 1: "Yolngu Boy is a sensitive but dramatic treatment of the search for identity in modern Australia by three indigenous boys. This is a long overdue film about what it means to be a young indigenous person in Australia today. I hope very many Australians go to see it". Dr David Kemp, Federal Minister for Education, Training and Youth Affairs"...probably the most important Australian film of the year...I wish I could compel every Australian to see it". Peter Thompson, Sunday, Channel 9"This is a terrific contribution to the reconciliation process...The film has great honesty, but will also provide greater understanding of indigenous spirituality and culture. There were some images in the film that will stay with me for some time". Michael Gorton, Co-Chair, Australians for Reconciliation"I could personally relate to it myself. The dream is stronger than the goal". Michael Long, Essendon Football Club"Yolngu Boy is a movie with heart and integrity, but is also insightful, original and intensely compelling". The Hon Peter McGauran MP, Federal Minister for the Arts and the Centenary of Federation"Yolngu Boy is one of the most rewarding films that you are likely to see...This is truly a masterpiece of community spirit and a gift to the world. Don't miss this film, a remarkable insight into contemporary Australia. Five out of five". James Brandis, WA Post"The film, about three teenagers caught between the modern world and their traditional culture, is a visual feast". FOCUS, autumn markets"An edifying film that was both confronting and humbling – a presentation for all Australians to see". The Hon. Philip Ruddock, Minister for Reconciliation and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Affairs"A really impressive film with incredible energy. I think it showed great insight into a culture that white Australians know nothing about". Deb Cox, CoxKnight Productions, Creator SeaChange"Yolngu Boy is realistic and, at times, confronting. It is also an original, beautiful and moving film. It should be seen by all Australians – because it gives us a deeper understanding of indigenous culture and experiences, while still telling a great story". The Hon. Steve Bracks MP, Premier of Victoria."...this estimable fable for the 21st century deserves as wide an audience as possible. A moving drama about lives in the making and battles against the odds, it is also a compelling adventure yarn with a brain". Tom Ryan, Sunday Age"...such an impressive film...you're being presented with parts of Australian life you've never seen before..." Margaret Pomeranz, SBS Movie ShowSoundtrack

Paragraph 2:  Occidental: Barrio Antiguo Balmoral, barrio Manila, barrio Piedra Grande, barrio San Mateo, Conjunto San José Piedra Grande, condominio Casa De Campo (Los Ocobos) I Etapa, condominio Santa Ana Reservado, conjunto Altos De Marsella Novelda I Etapa, conjunto Balcones De Marsella, conjunto Cerrado Acapulco, conjunto Cerrado Bosques De La Cañada, conjunto Cerrado Comarca Española, conjunto Cerrado El Caribe, conjunto Cerrado El Nidito, conjunto Cerrado El Nogal, conjunto Cerrado El Recreo De Los Alpes, conjunto Cerrado La Cañada, conjunto Cerrado La Fontana, conjunto Cerrado Rincón de Capri, conjunto Cerrado Santorini, conjunto Cerrado Villa Lorena, conjunto Cerrado Villa Nice, conjunto Cerrado Villas Del Mediterráneo, conjunto El Portal, conjunto Multifamiliar Palacio De Piedra Grande, conjunto Parque Residencial Getsemaní, conjunto Quintas De Santa María, conjunto Residencial Altos De Manila, conjunto Residencial Aranjuez, conjunto Residencial El Comboy, conjunto Residencial El Manantial, conjunto Residencial Palmas de Hupanel, conjunto Residencial Quintas de Manila, conjunto Residencial Santa Helena, conjunto Residencial Teresita I Y II, conjunto Residencial Teresita III, conjunto Residencial Terranova, conjunto Residencial Terrazas Del Manila, conjunto Residencial Villa Milena, conjunto Residencial Villas De Manila, conjunto San Nicolás, conjunto Santa Ana Campestre I Y II Etapa, conjunto Santa Ana Campestre III Y IV Etapa, conjunto Siboney 2000, conjunto Terrazas De Manila II Etapa, conjunto Villa Andrea, Manzana B Lotes 1 Y 2 Palmas De Hupanel, Multifamiliar Balcones De Balmoral, Multifamiliar El Caribe, San Nicolás Reservado, Sector El Caney, Sector El Caribe, Sector Sabaneta, Sector Triangulo De Desarrollo, Unidad De Actuación Urbanística No. 4, Urbanización Bonanza, Urbanización Ciudad Jardín II (Piedra Grande), Urbanización Ciudadela Cootransfusa, Urbanización Ciudalcampo, Urbanización El Encanto, Urbanización El Portal De San José, Urbanización Espartillal, Urbanización Fontanar, Urbanización La Abadía De San Jorge, Urbanización La María, Urbanización La Marsella, Urbanización La Villa de Sion, Urbanización Mandalay, Urbanización Nuevo Balmoral I Sector, Urbanización Nuevo Balmoral II Sector, Urbanización Palermo, Urbanización Porvenir (Manila), Urbanización Quinta Balmoral, Urbanización Rinconcito De Manila, Urbanización San Jorge, Urbanización San Nicolás, Urbanización Santa Anita, Urbanización Santa Cecilia, Urbanización Santa Clara, Urbanización Villa Adriana, Urbanización Villa Alix, Urbanización Villa Clara, Urbanización Villa Country, Urbanización Villa Lenny, Urbanización Villa María.. inhabitants 14,482 Density: 

Paragraph 3: In addition to Spellman, writers for the series include Michael Kastelein, Derek Kolstad, Dalan Musson, and Josef Sawyer; Kolstad joined the series' in July 2019. The series is set six months after the film Avengers: Endgame (2019), which depicts Steve Rogers bequeathing his shield and the mantle of Captain America to Wilson. Feige said this was intended to be a "classic passing of the torch from one hero to another", but when Marvel Studios got the opportunity to make television series for Disney+ they decided to expand this into an entire story about Wilson, who is a Black man, becoming Captain America. Skogland called the series "a story about the first Black Captain America". Mackie was hesitant about the series because he felt it would not be able to match the quality of the MCU films, and he did not want a Black actor to be the lead of Marvel's first failure, but he was won over by Spellman's writing. Mackie said the series would explore Wilson's backstory and treat him as a "regular guy" in a world of superheroes, while "walk[ing] the line of who is going to take up the [Captain America] shield" after Endgame. He felt that there was a specific "brand of person" that was expected of Captain America, and part of Wilson questioning the mantle came from knowing as a Black man that "you can't be the same person in every room you walk in because every person you meet expects a different person". Spellman felt the series was "a nice progression" from the themes of racial identity that were presented in Marvel Studios' Black Panther (2018), and was hopeful that the series would have a positive impact on Black youth like that film did. He noted that in addition to himself and Moore, over half of the series' writing staff was also Black which reinforced the series' portrayal of Wilson as a "decidedly Black character". Mackie said he was picking up the mantle left by Black Panther star Chadwick Boseman, who died in August 2020. Stan explained that Barnes feels protective of Rogers's legacy, and wants Wilson to become Captain America since he was Rogers's choice. The doubt that Wilson has about taking on the role becomes a conflict for Barnes. Regarding Wilson's progression in the series from being reluctant to wield the shield to ultimately using it, Skogland indicated that he needed "to engage in both a public and private conversation of what it means for a Black man to pick up such an iconic historically White symbol" which would help him define what it means to be a hero in modern society versus when Rogers became Captain America in the 1940s. Skogland also believed this was an important progression for the viewers to have along with Wilson since "the shield means different things to different people" and all aspects of it as a symbol needed to be explored.

Paragraph 4: Prior to 1989s release, Swift stressed the importance of albums to artists and fans. In November 2014, she removed her entire catalog from Spotify, arguing that the streaming company's ad-supported, free service undermined the premium service, which provides higher royalties for songwriters. In a June 2015 open letter, Swift criticized Apple Music for not offering royalties to artists during the streaming service's free three-month trial period and stated that she would pull 1989 from the catalog. The following day, Apple Inc. announced that it would pay artists during the free trial period, and Swift agreed to let 1989 on the streaming service. Swift's intellectual property rights holding company, TAS Rights Management, filed for 73 trademarks related to Swift and the 1989 era memes. She then returned her entire catalog plus 1989 to Spotify, Amazon Music and Google Play and other digital streaming platforms in June 2017. Swift was named Billboards Woman of the Year in 2014, becoming the first artist to win the award twice. At the 2014 American Music Awards, Swift received the inaugural Dick Clark Award for Excellence. On her 25th birthday in 2014, the Grammy Museum at L.A. Live opened an exhibit in her honor in Los Angeles that ran until October 4, 2015, and broke museum attendance records. In 2015, Swift won the Brit Award for International Female Solo Artist. The video for "Bad Blood" won Video of the Year and Best Collaboration at the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards. Swift was one of eight artists to receive a 50th Anniversary Milestone Award at the 2015 Academy of Country Music Awards. At the 58th Grammy Awards in 2016, 1989 won Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album, and "Bad Blood" won Best Music Video. Swift was the first woman and fifth act overall to win Album of the Year twice as a lead artist.

Paragraph 5: Drayton grew up around an oval green of which the present green is the north-western end. West of the green, Drayton House is a tall red-brick structure, built in 1851–52 for Bryan Ward, a tenant of the Rockingham estate. South of the road to Great Easton the present Manor House Farm, or College Farm, was built c. 1870–80, probably for a relative of Lord Sondes, whose arms it carries. Its cart shed, a dilapidated ironstone structure retaining several stone-mullioned windows, was once a large house carrying the inscription 'H.N. 1651 T.W.' on a stone now built into the wall of the field behind. This was probably the chief messuage of the manor belonging to Henry Nevill and occupied by his tenants, the Watson family. The older houses in the village are of ironstone and include a thatched cottage south of Drayton House in which part of a cruck blade has been re-used as a principal rafter. A mutilated cruck truss is visible in a derelict stone cottage north of the road to Easton. The former Plough Inn is a stone building, partly thatched, of which the older portions probably date from the 17th century. A stone cottage on the road to Easton has a tablet of 1791, a date at which ironstone was evidently still in general use. The village contains several 19th-century brick cottages, including a row dated 1870. There are two pairs of council houses on the Great Easton road built after the First World War and three pairs on the road to Nevill Holt, built in 1950. The village hall, given by Mr Webb of Drayton House, is a wooden structure which was opened in 1925. It was renovated in 2019 after falling into disrepair.

Paragraph 6: The life cycle of Lassa mammarenavirus is similar to the Old World arenaviruses. Lassa mammarenavirus enters the cell by the receptor-mediated endocytosis. Which endocytotic pathway is used is not known yet, but at least the cellular entry is sensitive to cholesterol depletion. It was reported that virus internalization is limited upon cholesterol depletion. The receptor used for cell entry is alpha-dystroglycan, a highly conserved and ubiquitously expressed cell surface receptor for extracellular matrix proteins. Dystroglycan, which is later cleaved into alpha-dystroglycan and beta-dystroglycan is originally expressed in most cells to mature tissues, and it provides molecular link between the ECM and the actin-based cytoskeleton. After the virus enters the cell by alpha-dystroglycan mediated endocytosis, the low-pH environment triggers pH-dependent membrane fusion and releases RNP (viral ribonucleoprotein) complex into the cytoplasm. Viral RNA is unpacked, and replication and transcription initiate in the cytoplasm. As replication starts, both S and L RNA genomes synthesize the antigenomic S and L RNAs, and from the antigenomic RNAs, genomic S and L RNA are synthesized. Both genomic and antigenomic RNAs are needed for transcription and translation. The S RNA encodes GP and NP (viral nucleocapsid protein) proteins, while L RNA encodes Z and L proteins. The L protein most likely represents the viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase. When the cell is infected by the virus, L polymerase is associated with the viral RNP and initiates the transcription of the genomic RNA. The 5’ and 3’ terminal 19 nt viral promoter regions of both RNA segments are necessary for recognition and binding of the viral polymerase. The primary transcription first transcribes mRNAs from the genomic S and L RNAs, which code NP and L proteins, respectively. Transcription terminates at the stem-loop (SL) structure within the intergenomic region. Arenaviruses use a cap snatching strategy to gain the cap structures from the cellular mRNAs, and it is mediated by the endonuclease activity of the L polymerase and the cap binding activity of NP. Antigenomic RNA transcribes viral genes GPC and Z, encoded in genomic orientation, from S and L segments respectively. The antigenomic RNA also serves as the template for the replication. After translation of GPC, it is posttranslationally modified in the endoplasmic reticulum. GPC is cleaved into GP1 and GP2 at the later stage of the secretory pathway. It has been reported that the cellular protease SKI-1/S1P is responsible for this cleavage. The cleaved glycoproteins are incorporated into the virion envelope when the virus buds and release from the cell membrane.

Paragraph 7: The sura starts with three oaths; when the Quran presents an oath, there is a response (jawab) which is related to the oath. That is the central message of the surah. So without understanding the oath and its response, the message of the surah cannot be fully understood. In Classical Arabic, a location would be called by what it was famous for. So fig and olive can refer to two locations. Fig refers to Mount Judi, where Prophet Nuh's Ark landed, while At-Teen referring to Prophet Noah, the location where his Ark ship landed, az-Zaytoon referring to Jesus who was born in Palestine where olives grow or Al-Aqsa Mosque in Palestine. These oaths refer to the 2 fruits and also their locations. So the idea that fig and olive refers to both fruit and location was a view of the Sahabah and their early students. According to Ruh al-Ma'ani by Mahmud al-Alusi The intent in naming two fruits is to mention two mountains from the Holy land of Palestine. Toor refers to a lush, full of trees, green mountain. After Sayna in Sura Al-Mu'minoon, Seeneen is the second version of the name of Mount Sinai which existed in the Hebrew Language among the Scholars. This mountain was not known among the Arabs generally. It is generally believed that Muhammad was illiterate and he did not have any Jewish companions in the Makkan era when this surah was revealed. So without knowing the narrations of Moses or Hebrew language, Muhammad was describing the variations in language of Hebrew linguist scholars. This was a proof of the Quran being divine word of GOD for the people who had most classified and secret narratives of Moses. "This entrusted city", primarily referring to Mekah, also refers to Muhammad just as Noah, Moses and Jesus were referred by means of mentioning their relative locations in first two ayaat. A contemporary scholar Nouman Ali Khan suggests that it also refers to Abraham as he was the person who established the city Mekah.

Paragraph 8: Regarded as one of the best players ever in his position, Makélélé revolutionised the role of the defensive midfielder in the Premier League; as such, this position frequently came to be known colloquially as "the Makélélé role" in England. A combative and hard-working player, although he was capable of getting forward and playing in more advanced positions, he usually played in front of his team's back-line, where he mainly served as a defensive foil for his more offensive teammates, due to his aggressive tackling, as well as his ability to read the game, break down plays, mark and anticipate opponents, and time his challenges. In this role, he was known in particular for his acceleration, positional sense, tactical discipline, intelligence, energy, and ball-winning ability; although he was not the fastest, most talented, technically skilled player on the ball, or particularly good in the air, he was also highly regarded throughout his career for being capable of functioning as a deep-lying playmaker for his team, due to his ability to dictate the tempo of his team's play in midfield with his short, efficient passing game, which allowed him to link up the defence with the attack effectively after winning back possession. His physical strength in spite of his small stature, combined with his low centre of gravity, also gave him excellent balance on the ball in limited spaces, which allowed him to retain possession against more physical opponents. In addition to his defensive skills, Makélélé was also known for his tenacity, awareness, consistency, and strong mentality. Jonathan Wilson, when writing for The Guardian in 2013, labelled Makélélé as a type of holding midfielder he described as a "destroyer," a player who is primarily tasked with running, winning back possession, and distributing the ball to other players.

Paragraph 9: When construction began the next morning, the chief's reluctance was proved to be well-founded. In order to build the fort in the most defensible position on the peninsula, the Portuguese had to demolish the homes of some of the villagers, who consented only after they had been compensated. The Portuguese also tried to quarry a nearby rock that the people of Elmina, who were animists, believed to be the home of the god of the nearby River Benya. Prior to the demolition of the quarry and homes, Azambuja sent a Portuguese crew member, João Bernaldes with gifts to deliver to Chief Kwamin Ansah and the villagers. Azambuja sent brass basins, shawls, and other gifts in hopes of winning the goodwill of the villagers, so they would not be upset during the demolition of their homes and sacred rocks. However, João Bernaldes did not deliver the gifts until after construction began, by which time the villagers became upset upon witnessing the demolition without forewarning or compensation. In response to this, the local people forged an attack that resulted in several Portuguese deaths. Finally, an understanding was reached, but continued opposition led the Portuguese to burn the local village in retaliation. Even in this tense atmosphere, the first story of the tower was completed after only twenty days; this was the result of having brought so much prefabricated building materials. The remainder of the fort and an accompanying church were completed soon afterwards, despite resistance.

Paragraph 10: NBC announced on November 1, 2012, that starting November 3, 2012, Hill would join Weekend Today as co-anchor and would serve as an NBC News national correspondent. NBC News president Steve Capus said, "Erica's extraordinary track record as a journalist has proven that she can cover everything from hard news to pop culture with ease and professionalism. She's a fantastic addition to Weekend Today and I'm delighted to welcome her to NBC News." On April 3, 2016, Hill announced she was leaving the Weekend Today show in order to spend more time with family, but continue daily news reporting on MSNBC and NBC Nightly News.

Paragraph 11: In late April 2003, Price formally announced his candidacy for Georgia's 6th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives. The seat was being vacated by Republican Johnny Isakson, who had decided to pursue an opening in the U.S. Senate. Bob Barr, a former U.S. Congressman, was considered an early frontrunner in the race to replace Isakson, but Barr withdrew his candidacy for personal reasons, shortly before Price entered the race. Price went on to run against two fellow state senators, Chuck Clay and Robert Lamutt, as well as two state representatives, Roger Hines and Mark Burkhalter. Also taking part in the race was John McCallum, a former aide to U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich.

Paragraph 12: After the Arab tribes left Najd, among them the tribes of Bani Asad that inhabited the greater part of Qassim, other tribes took their place, and it was one of the Arab tribes that settled in Najd and the tribes of Bani Tamim or Hamidan were famous and those who moved from Ashikar to Al-Rass for work and trade as they served the province in the past And to our present time, as well as the Bani Lam, who have gained influence and dominance over most of the countries of Najd, and one of the most famous tribes of Bani Lam was the Zafir tribe. The people who lived in Alya, Najd and their outskirts, Al-Qassim, the tribes of curiosity, and the many families of Al Mughira. In the tenth century onwards, these valleys descended from Najd to Iraq and were replaced by the Anza tribes, which had their money from abundance and power and influence for a long time. And he builds some houses when he gets tired of the life of the desert, and another part works in agriculture and grows the land, and it happened between the Anza tribes and the Dafir tribes for a number of days and in the middle of the tenth century. From the migration, where the maid came to life again, after years and a long time. And groups of Arabs began to return to him with the intention of settling, as they established dwellings of mud in it, which soon formed a small village, and that was about the year 950 AH after they left the town of Ishaqir, one of the villages of al-Tashm, which was at that time one of the major lands of Najd, as was mentioned in the words of the Sheikh. Historian Ibrahim bin Saleh bin Isa, who said: (The well-known family of Saqiyyah left the country of Ashqir in the year approximately nine hundred and fifty and went to Al-Qassim, and they settled in Al-Rass, and it was in ruins without housing. They lived in it and extended it to agriculture ... etc.) and they built their homes, and their commercial contacts were in the town of Onaizah, which was in that era a source for spending their needs and household needs, which made them get acquainted with one of its settlers who used to do trade and he was called Abu Al-Hussain, whose name is Muhammad bin Ali from the Mahfouz family of Ajman Those who belong to Mukhir bin Yam from Hamadan al-Qahtani, and the friendship between him and the Saki family became stronger and they exchanged visits.

Paragraph 13: - The name Yukon, or ųųg han, is a contraction of the words in the Gwichʼin phrase chųų gąįį han, which mean white water river and which refer to "the pale colour" of glacial runoff in the Yukon River.In Gwichʼin, adjectives, such as choo [big] and gąįį [white], follow the nouns that they modify.  Thus, white water is chųų gąįį [water white].  White water river is chųų gąįį han [water white river].    The contraction is Ųųg Han, if the \ųų\ remains nasalized, or Yuk Han, if there is no vowel nasalization.  In the 1840s, different tribes had different opinions as to the literal meaning of Yukon.  In 1843, the Holikachuks had told the Russian-American Company that their name for the river was Yukkhana and that this name meant "big river."  However, Yukkhana does not literally correspond to a Holikachuk phrase that means big river.Thirty-nine pages of cited "Sources," representing over a century of research, did not verify Zagoskin's report that Yukon means big river.  , at pp. 6-44 ("Sources of Names"), 1069 ("The Eskimo ... descriptively called it 'Kuikpak' meaning 'big river.'  The Indian name 'Yukon' probably means the same thing.").  Orth does not say "probably" when discussing Kuikpak meaning.  Orth's use of "probably" is limited to the discussion of Yukon meaning, which indicates that Zagoskin's report that Yukon means big river was never verified.  In addition, Orth's "Sources" do not even include the Hudson's Bay Company correspondence, which states that Yukon means white water river in Gwichʼin.  Nor do Orth's "Sources" include aboriginal dictionaries.  Then, two years later, the Gwichʼins told the Hudson's Bay Company that their name for the river was Yukon and that the name meant white water river.  White water river in fact corresponds to Gwichʼin words that can be shortened to form Yukon.  Because the Holikachuks had been trading regularly with both the Gwichʼins and the Yup'iks, the Holikachuks were in a position to borrow the Gwichʼin contraction and to conflate its meaning with the meaning of Kuig-pak [River-big], which is the Yup'ik name for the same river.  For that reason, the documentary evidence suggests that the Holikachuks had borrowed the contraction Ųųg Han [White Water River] from Gwichʼin, and erroneously assumed that this contraction had the same literal meaning as the corresponding Yup'ik name Kuig-pak [River-big].

Paragraph 14: S/O Satyamurthy had a lukewarm reception from critics, with the International Business Times calling the film a "mass entertainer" and criticising its predictability and length. According to Sangeetha Devi Dundoo of The Hindu, "We've seen enough films with characters placed in the villain's den. Thankfully, the drama is lively and fun moments come through Ali and Brahmanandam. Allu Arjun shoulders the film with his remarkable performance and seems to be getting better with each film. The film's biggest undoing is its length. A trimmer version would be far more engaging". Pranitha Jonnalagedda of The Hans India wrote, "No denying that there are moments of crazy laughter, witty remarks and some thought-provoking words, but Trivikram's benchmark is set so high that the writing of this film doesn't excite us enough. All said and done, if you are a lover of a Telugu cinema who enjoys watching the hero being the Good Samaritan and fancy a few tear-jerking moments, this film is definitely for you!" IndiaGlitz gave S/O Satyamurthy 4.25 out of five stars, calling the film a "family entertainer sans memorable heroism" and adding that its second half "will work with a good many number of audience". Madhavi Tata of Outlook India gave the film three out of five stars, writing that Trivikram's screenplay "has too many sub-plots, but the dialogues sparkle, especially when mouthed by veteran actors". Tata called the film's humour a "big draw", with the best saved for Brahmanandam. Hemanth Kumar of The Times of India gave S/O Satyamurthy three out of five stars, writing that the film "works well as an idea, and leaves you with enough questions and thoughts to reflect upon your own life, but as a cinematic experience, it leaves a lot to be desired". Pravallika Anjuri of Oneindia also gave the film three out of five stars, calling it a "perfect entertainer" despite being the "weakest work of Trivikram till date": "Nevertheless it is shall be a great fun to watch Son of Satyamurthy along with your family. Cut down the expectations and you will definitely love the movie". Behindwoods gave it 2.75 out of five stars: "Without a concrete villain, [the film] still manages to tell us the painful journey of the hero. Thanks to the powerful and meaningful dialogues in the voice-over, [the film] becomes a charming drama", calling it a "family drama that also entertains" and "another winner for the Trivikram-Allu Arjun combo".

Paragraph 15: Once the soldiers reached the home of Bill Shelton, they encountered over 50 riflemen. The ensuing combat left six of the defenders dead. While Allen and his troops awaited Colonel Keith's column, the news was received that Allen's 6-year-old son Romulus had died of scarlet fever. Upon his return to Marshall, Allen discovered that his 4-year-old daughter Margaret was dying. Allen was quick to blame the looters who had ransacked his house previously. The next day he buried his children and returned immediately to Shelton Laurel. With Allen, fueled by grief and the desire for vengeance, reunited with Keith, the two realized that the locals were unlikely to volunteer information. Keith rounded up several Shelton Laurel women and began torturing them to force them to give up their sons' and husbands' whereabouts. They hanged and whipped Mrs. Unus Riddle, a woman of 85. They hanged Mary and Sarah Shelton by their necks until they were nearly dead. The Memphis Bulletin reports: "Old Mrs. Sallie Moore, seventy years of age, was whipped with hickory rods till the blood ran in streams down her back to the ground. … Martha White, an idiotic girl, was beaten and tied by the neck all day to a tree." The soldiers burnt homes and slaughtered livestock. After several days of rounding up alleged supporters, Keith began marching the captives toward East Tennessee, which was occupied by a substantial Confederate army at the time. However, after two prisoners escaped, Keith ordered the remaining 13 into the woods and had 5 shot execution-style.  Their bodies were dumped into a nearby trench. Among the executed were three boys, ages 13, 14, and 17. Joe Woods, an elderly man of 60, said ""For God's sake, men, you are not going to shoot us? If you are going to murder us, give us at least time to pray." Keith responded, "There's no time for praying." The soldier hesitated before shooting the horrified captives, prompting Keith to bellow, "Fire or you will take their place!" The soldiers fired, and four men were killed instantly; one required a second shot. The next five men were made to kneel, and after the shots were fired again, one man remained alive. It was 13-year-old David Shelton who clutched the legs of an officer and begged, "You have killed my old father and three brothers, you have shot me in both arms. … I forgive you all this — I can get well. … Let me go home to my mother and sisters." David Shelton was shot eight more times.

Paragraph 16: The existing ponds above and below the minor road from Pumsaint to Caeo, were probably part of a cascade for washing ore, the upper tank having yielded large quantities of Roman pottery from  to at least 300 (Lewis, 1977; Burnham 2004). The upper pool is known as Melin-y-Milwyr, or the soldiers' mill, an intriguing name that implies that watermills may have been used here during the Roman period. Alternatively, it may have been a sequence of washing tables for the crushed gold ore. A large-scale mill complex is known from Barbegal in southern France, where no less than 16 mills (in two lines of 8 each) were built into the side of a hill and supplied with water from a single aqueduct. There were two lines of parallel overshot mills, the outflow from one feeding the next below. The mill supplied flour to the region. Moreover, Roman engineers used sequences of reverse overshot water-wheels to dewater mines, and the deep workings at Dolaucothi produced a fragment of such a wheel during the 1930s when deep mining operations were resumed. Sequences of such wheels increased the lift, and one extensive sequence of 16 wheels was found in old Roman mine workings on the Rio Tinto river in the 1920s. The wheels were arranged in pairs and could lift water about  from the bottom of the mine there.

Paragraph 17: The Flaminica Dialis was the wife of the Flamen Dialis. She was required to be a virgin at the time of their wedding, which had to be conducted according to the ceremonies of confarreatio, the traditional form of marriage for patricians. (This regulation also applied to the marriages of the two other flamines maiores.) The couple were not permitted to divorce, and if the flaminica died the Dialis was obliged to resign. The assistance of the flaminica was essential in the performance of certain rituals. On each of the nundinae, she sacrificed a ram to Juno Regina in the Curia Calabra. The flaminica was assigned a special ritual attire. Her hair was plaited up with a purple band in a conical form (tutulus), but when she went to participate in the ritual of the Argei, she neither combed nor arranged her hair.  The flaminica and the regina sacrorum were the only ones who might wear the hairdressing named (in)arculata. The flaminica wore a dyed robe (venenato operitur) and a small square cloth with a border (rica), to which was attached a slip cut from a felix arbor, a tree under the protection of the heavenly gods. The rica may have been a short cloak, or less likely a sort of scarf or veil thrown over the head. The restrictions imposed upon the flaminica were similar to those placed on her husband. She was prohibited from mounting a staircase consisting of more than three steps, perhaps to prevent her ankles from being seen.

Paragraph 18: Elizabeth Cole tells Hastings that she is a sister of Margaret Litchfield, who confessed to the murder of their father in one of the five cases. Margaret has died in Broadmoor Asylum and Elizabeth is stigmatised by the trauma. Three incidents occur in the next few days, showing the imprint of X. First, Hastings and others overhear an argument between the Luttrells. Shortly afterwards, Luttrell wounds his wife with a rook rifle, saying he mistook her for a rabbit. Mrs Luttrell recovers, and the incident has a good effect on their marriage. Next, Hastings is concerned that his daughter Judith spends time with Major Allerton, a married man. While Hastings and Elizabeth are out with birdwatcher Stephen Norton, Norton sees something through his binoculars that disturbs him. Hastings assumes it has to do with Allerton. When his attempts to persuade Judith to give Allerton up merely antagonise her, the worried father plans Allerton's murder. He falls asleep while waiting to poison Allerton, relieved he took no action when he awakes the next day. Last, Barbara Franklin, wife of Judith's employer, Dr Franklin, dies the following evening. She was poisoned with physostigmine sulphate, an extract from the Calabar bean that her husband researches. Poirot's testimony at the inquest, that Mrs Franklin had been upset and that he saw her emerge from Dr Franklin's laboratory with a small bottle, persuades the jury to return a verdict of suicide.

Paragraph 19: It is nonetheless true that throughout the Empire the progress of Christianity had been made chiefly in the cities. The country-places were yet strongholds of what the Christians viewed as idolatry, which in Gaul was upheld by a twofold tradition. The old Gallic religion, and Graeco-Roman paganism, still had ardent supporters. Among the Gallo-Roman population the use of spells and charms for the cure of sickness, or on the occasion of a death, was still commonplace; the people worshiped spirits in springs and trees, believed in other nature spirits such as the Graeco-Roman nymphs, observed days of solar and lunar significance as sacred, and practiced divination. Some of these customs were survivals of very ancient traditions; they had come down through the Celtic and the Roman period, and had no doubt at times received the imprint of the Gallic and Graeco-Roman beliefs. The Gallic folk beliefs and practices dated back into the obscurity of pre-Roman times. These forms of spirituality were the principal obstacle encountered by the missionaries in the rural places. Saint Martin, a native of Pannonia, Bishop of Tours, and founder of monasteries, undertook especially in Central Gaul a crusade against this rural idolatry. On one occasion, when he was felling a sacred tree in the neighbourhood of Autun, a peasant attacked him, and he had an almost miraculous escape. Besides Saint Martin other popular preachers traversed the rural districts, e.g. Victricius, Bishop of Rouen, another converted soldier, also Martin's disciples, especially Saint Martin of Brives. But their scattered and intermittent efforts made no lasting effect on the minds of the peasants. About 395 a Gallic rhetorician depicts a scene in which peasants discuss the mortality among their flocks. One of them boasts the virtue of the sign of the cross, "the sign of that God Who alone is worshipped in the large cities" (Riese, Anthologia Latina, no. 893, v. 105). This expression, however, is too strong, for at that very period a single church sufficed for the Christian population of Trier. Nevertheless, the rural parts continued the more refractory. At the beginning of the 5th century, there took place in the neighbourhood of Autun the procession of Cybele's chariot to bless the harvest. In the 6th century, in the city of Arles, one of the regions where Christianity had gained its earliest and strongest foothold, Bishop Caesarius was still struggling against popular superstitions, and some of his sermons are yet among our important sources of information on folk-lore.

Paragraph 20: Prior to that, cherry was cultivated only in some individual yards in the Grocka area, and this was beginning of the plantation-type fruit production in Serbia in general. Jovanović introduced varieties like hedelfingen, germersdorf and early Lyonnaise, but the names were hard to pronounce for the local farmers so they gave them Serbian names which survived, herc (heart shaped), kerminka (red juice) and doktorka (doctor's cherry), after Jovanović, respectively. Local farmers accepted cherry cautiously at first, planting the trees on the arable lots edges, to make shade. Then they planted it jointly with the grapevine but by the 1920s the cherry began to squeeze out other crops and the formation of the cherry nurseries began. From Grocka, cultivation spread to the nearby Ritopek which is today the major production center. After World War II, the new Communist authorities nationalized Jovanović's land, divided it and awarded the lots to the landless. However, few years later the state nationalized the land again, with one part being re-parceled and sold, while the "PIK Grocka", agricultural farm was formed on the other. By the 1950s, the production in Grocka outgrew demand of Belgrade farmers markets and the export began. On the sold parcels, the weekend-settlement developed. Still, the fruit-growing remains the vastly predominant agricultural branch. Out of all registered agricultural farms and economies, 90%, or some 3,000, are producing fruits.

Paragraph 21: The land that is now Oberhausen's municipal area was settled very early on. A few archaeological finds at barrows of the so-called "Old Hunsrück-Eifel Culture", for instance a bronze torc and bronze armrings, are traces of human habitation from the time between 600 and 400 BC. Leading across what is now the municipal area were two important prehistoric roads, of which the so-called Salzstraße ("Salt Road") linked the upper Nahe region with the Rhine and the other, a road from Kirchberg to Meisenheim, served as a north–south link between the Moselle region and the North Palatine Uplands. Oberhausen's first documentary mentions are found in documents from 1342 (Obernhusen) and 1346. The latter is a Weistum (cognate with English wisdom, this was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) in which the court Schöffe (roughly "lay jurist") "Hermann von Obirnhusen" is named as a member of the Hennweiler court's council of Schöffen. Oberhausen then belonged to the Vogtei of Heinzenberg, a mediaeval jurisdictional and administrative region formed of the villages of Hennweiler, Oberhausen, Guntzelnberg, Rode and Heinzenberg and the Eigener Hof (an estate). Here, the Lords of Heinzenberg, who lived at a castle in the Kellenbach valley, were responsible as Vögte for giving the law and for raising tax revenue. Hennweiler was the "mother village" in this greater municipal area, whereas Oberhausen was, like all the other outlying villages, a "daughter village" or an "expansion settlement". The Vogtei region was also a parochial region whose mother church was Saint Stephen's (Stephanuskirche) in Hennweiler. In the Late Middle Ages, Oberhausen became part of the Lordship of Wartenstein and belonged to the Unteramt of Hennweiler. It was then that power passed from the Lords of Heinzenberg, first to Tilmann vom Stein (or Wartenstein), but he died without having fathered any male offspring, and his power eventually passed over time, by marriage into other families of the lower nobility, to other lines. These families who had acquired Tilmann's holdings and rights in the Lordship of Wartenstein, formed a kind of Ganerbengemeinschaft, a form of condominium, whereby they ruled jointly. In the course of the earlier half of the 16th century, the Lords of Schwarzenberg eventually managed to secure their place as the sole lordship in the Unteramt of Hennweiler, although they had to be mindful that their overlords were still the Counts Palatine of Zweibrücken (later Dukes of Palatinate-Zweibrücken), who were rightful successors to the Counts of Veldenz. As the village lord, Johann III of Schwarzenberg introduced the Reformation into the parish of Hennweiler/Oberhausen sometime about 1550. Oberhausen formed together with Hennweiler a greater municipal area in the Late Middle Ages that was run as a Markgenossenschaft – a combined municipality with one administration and a single body of law. It was only later that the municipal area was split between the two villages. The villages' common woodlands were shared out as late as 1769. Beginning in 1798, Oberhausen lay under French rule, as did all the German lands on the Rhine's left bank. This lasted until the Napoleonic French were driven out in 1814. During this time, Oberhausen belonged to the Mairie ("Mayoralty") of Kirn in the Arrondissement of Simmern. After the Congress of Vienna had grouped the village into the Kingdom of Prussia, Oberhausen remained with the same mayoralty, although the German word Bürgermeisterei was now used for it. After Kirn was granted town rights in 1857, though, it together with the outlying villages formed a municipal body known as the Landbürgermeisterei Kirn, which was headed by the mayor of Kirn. This "personal union" was dissolved in 1896, whereupon representatives of the rural villages chose their own Bürgermeister (mayor). Ever since, Oberhausen has remained in this municipal league of "Kirn-Land" without interruption, although in the course of administrative restructuring in Rhineland-Palatinate, it ceased to be an Amt in 1969 and became instead the Verbandsgemeinde of Kirn-Land. Over the last few decades, Oberhausen has grown from a mainly agriculturally orientated village into a modern residential community. Since 1953/1954, water has been supplied to the village by the Gruppenwasserwerk Krebsweiler ("Krebsweiler Group Waterworks"). Sewerage was laid between 1956 and 1963, and carries sewage to the treatment plant at Kirn.

Paragraph 22: Diamond color is graded by comparing a sample stone to a master stone set of diamonds. Each master stone is known to exhibit the very least amount of body color that a diamond in that color grade may exhibit. A trained diamond grader compares a diamond of unknown grade against the series of master stones, assessing where in the range of color the diamond resides. This process occurs in a lighting box, fitted with daylight equivalent lamps. Accurate color grading can only be performed with diamond unset, as the comparison with master stones is done with diamond placed on its table facet and pavilion side facing upwards ( i.e.  "upside down"— resting on the face one normally looks at). When color grading is done in the mounting, the grade is expressed as an estimated color grade and commonly as a range of color. Grading mounted diamonds involves holding the mounted diamonds table close to the table facet of the master stone and visually comparing the diamond color under the same color conditions as unmounted diamond grading. The resulting grade is typically less accurate, and is therefore expressed as a range of color. While a grading laboratory will possess a complete set of master stones representing every color grade, the independent grader working in a retail environment works with a smaller subset of master stones that covers only the typical grade range of color they expect to encounter while grading. A common subset of master stones would consist of five diamonds in two grade increments, such as an E, G, I, K, and M. The intermediate grades are assessed by the graders judgement.

Paragraph 23: Stone and his sister Gina Williams were raised by their older brother Jagger Cates after their parents abandoned them. Jagger wasn't able to take care of them and they became separated and entered the foster parent rut. Stone met Karen Wexler at a party. Someone slipped something into her drink and Stone helped her. Stone did not know that she was dating his older brother Jagger. Karen felt she wasn't good enough for Jagger so she ended their relationship. Stone was living with Sonny Corinthos. Sonny was seeing Karen and got her hooked on drugs. Jagger found his little brother at his girlfriend Krystal's grave site and they began to build a relationship. Jagger became a cop and became engaged to Karen. Jagger saved his brother when he was supposed to drive the get away car to break Frank Smith out of prison. Jagger had a motorcycle accident but recovered and married Karen. Stone started to date Robin Scorpio. The pair fell deeply in love. Mac Scorpio, Robin's uncle, proved to be a big obstacle in their relationship as he did not approve of his niece dating a street kid. He came down with the flu and Robin took care of him. He told her that he had been tested for HIV and they had sex for the first time. They used protection at first, but eventually they stopped; this was a decision that would change Robin's life forever. Stone had the flu for a while and decided to get tested for HIV again. The test came back positive. He did not know how to tell Robin. Stone was shot and his blood got on Robin. He ran away from her. She found him in the same motel where they previously had sex. Stone told Robin that he was HIV positive. Dr. Alan Quartermaine ordered that they both be tested. Stone's test revealed that he now had AIDS. Robin's test came back negative. Alan started Stone on drug therapy. Mac Scorpio, Robin's uncle was furious when he found out, but he cared for Stone and even saved his life during a seizure, and later bonded with the kid. Robin later tested positive for HIV. Towards the end of his life, Stone was cared for by Robin and Sonny Corinthos at Sonny's penthouse. Stone's eyesight started to fail due to CMV retinitis worsened by his illness. Right before he died he was able to focus on Robin and see her for one last time. His last word were, "I see you...Oh, Robin, I see you." Stone was like a brother to Sonny and Sonny took his death very hard. Brenda Barrett took his death hard as well, and the two comforted each other. Sonny, Brenda, and Robin had Stone cremated and threw his ashes over a bridge where he had gone bungee jumping to fulfill one of the wishes on his "bucket list", which he made once he knew he would not live many more months.

Paragraph 24: Martyn was signed by boss Howard Wilkinson in the summer of 1996/97, along with another high-profile capture in the form of Britain's most expensive teenager, Lee Bowyer. Martyn's form for United, both at home and on the continent in European competition was outstanding – most notably in a man-of-the-match display at the Stadio Olimpico v AS Roma in the 1999/2000 UEFA Cup campaign, when Leeds reached the semi-finals. Martyn was also a huge part of the squad that eliminated illustrious clubs such as Barcelona, Lazio and Deportivo La Coruna in the following season's UEFA Champions League campaign, leading them to the last four.

Paragraph 25: Born in the suburbs of New York City, Reed Richards was a brilliant, intellectually-gifted and knowledgable, but socially-withdrawn, shy and reserved, scientific child genius, who possessed a high IQ level of 267 and held a deep-rooted love and passion for science, being well-versed in various fields of scientific topics, such as astrophysics, chemistry, biology, quantum mathematics, mechanical and electrical engineering, advanced chemistry and robotics and was the brightest student in school. However, due to his bookish and introverted personality, he was regularly picked on and tormented by bullies, while also receiving similar treatment from his father, who despised his son for his non-masculine and studious nature. However, as a result of demonstrating a teleporter at a school science fair, Reed was later recruited for a government think-tank sponsoring intellectually-gifted youngsters and child polymaths, similar to Reed. He conducts his research, along with several other students, at a facility located in the Baxter Building in Manhattan, where he meets Johnny Storm and Sue Storm, with whom Reed becomes smitten and romantically involved. During the final experimentation phase of his research, Reed was visited by Ben Grimm, his best and only friend since childhood, who protected him from bullies during his years in school. At the age of 21, Reed, along with other scientists, attempted to teleport organic material through an alternate plane of existence called the N-Zone, with Sue assisting him and Johnny and Ben observing the demonstration. The experiment goes awry, resulting in the four being engulfed in a parallel dimension termed as the "N-Zone" and grants the four with super-powers, with Reed being able to stretch his body parts to incredible lengths and is endowed with enhanced durability. After a series of adventures and encounters with a number of super-human and extraterrestrial threats, during the four's attempts to solve the mystery behind the source of their new-found powers and turn Reed and Ben back to normal, the four are later exposed to the media and public, who name the group as: "The Fantastic Four", with Reed undertaking the alias of "Mr. Fantastic" and embarking on numerous adventures and conflicts against inter-dimensional adversaries and super-human enemies. Throughout the series, Ultimate Reed Richards' personality remains largely similar to his Earth-616 counterpart, being a well-meaning, altruistic and unassuming, but socially-awkward, quirky, eccentric and over-analytical polymath in his early-20s, who balances his love and passion for science with his blossoming relationship with Sue, while also serving as the brains and leader of the Fantastic Four, devising the team's equipment and strategy against adversaries, while being notably younger and snarkier than his mainstream counterpart.

Paragraph 26: Pastrana is centered on a square, La Plaza de la Hora (usually referred to as "La Plaza", in English "the square of the hour"), which is overlooked by the Ducal Palace, the aforementioned Princess' palace and prison rolled into one.  According to legend, she would be allowed to gaze out onto the square from the window of the room she was confined to for one hour a day, whence came the square's name.  Fanning out from La Plaza are narrow, cobbled streets lined with houses, bars and shops.  The main street leads to the Iglesia de la Asunción, in whose museum the tapestries are kept, and also a painting by El Greco.  Further along are the old Jewish and Arab quarters.

Paragraph 27: The HTTP scheme was designed by Phillip Hallam-Baker at CERN in 1993 and does not incorporate subsequent improvements in authentication systems, such as the development of keyed-hash message authentication code (HMAC). Although the cryptographic construction that is used is based on the MD5 hash function, collision attacks were in 2004 generally believed to not affect applications where the plaintext (i.e. password) is not known. However, claims in 2006 cause some doubt over other MD5 applications as well. So far, however, MD5 collision attacks have not been shown to pose a threat to digest authentication, and the RFC 2617 allows servers to implement mechanisms to detect some collision and replay attacks.

Paragraph 28: The second son of the 4th Baron Burnham, he was educated at Eton College and read PPE at Balliol College, Oxford. Initially working for the Cambridge Evening News, he joined The Daily Telegraph prior to its 1986 takeover by Conrad Black, and held the positions of general manager and deputy managing director in the 1970s and 80s. Upon inheriting his brother's title in 1993, he had a career in the House of Lords as a Conservative defence spokesman and junior whip. He was one of the 90 hereditary peers who were selected to remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999.

Paragraph 29: VanDusen's volunteers have a 45-year history in the garden and often exhibit a proprietary connection to the trees, shrubs and annuals. Trained volunteer guides interpret the plant collection and the history of the garden to visitors on foot and in motorized golf carts from April through October (see web site for actual dates, the carts have a limited season). In addition to guiding tours, volunteers collect seeds of annuals and perennials (which they clean and package for sale in the garden shop and on the Internet). Other volunteers operate the information desk, staff a large and very successful plant sale each spring, write and produce self-guided tours to hand out to visitors, package manure and compost for sale to local gardeners, and work with Park Board staff to install plant identification signs in the garden.

Paragraph 30: Gradually, however, Holland's militancy decreased. In 1913, following the failure of the strike, he attended the second unity conference as a delegate. His co-authorship with Ross of the pamphlet on the strike gained him a certain amount of prestige, as did his editorship of the Federation of Labour's newspaper, the Maoriland Worker 1913–18. In 1913, a candidate of the Social Democratic Party (or SDP, which the Socialist Party had merged into) was elected to Parliament with backing from the mainstream Liberal Party, and Holland was happy — at one stage, he would have condemned co-operation with any non-socialist organisation. Holland himself, however, still ran into difficulties with the law. In the 1913 waterfront dispute, he was charged with sedition, and was sentenced to one year in jail for using seditious language coming close to advocating for violence against the government. His friends Reverend Richard Hobday and Walter Nash visited Holland in prison and witnessed signs of mistreatment. Years later Nash described his visit: "They made me stay outside the door, they would not let me inside his cell. They would not let him have a razor so he was all bristly with ugly growth out of his face … I had a talk with him, with somebody standing by me to listen to what I said. He said, 'I didn't say what they say I said, but if I said it I would justify it.'" This time, however, he was widely seen by the public as a martyr, and gained considerable support.