Paragraph 1: Ahead of the 2012–13 season, Locadia was included in the PSV Eindhoven's pre–season tour in Poland after being called up Manager Dick Advocaat and helped the club win the Polish Masters. He was also handed the shirt number 19 for the first team. It was reported in August 2012 that Manager Advocaat was planning to loan out the player to get more playing time, but PSV Eindhoven's technical manager Marcel Brands decided to keep him. Locadia made his first appearance of the season as a starter in a KNVB Cup match against Achilles '29 on 27 September 2012 and he scored the second goal in the 3–0 win over the third-tier team. Three days later on 30 September 2012, Locadia made his Eredivisie debut against VVV-Venlo, entering the pitch in Venlo as a substitute in the 68th minute, and with only 22 minutes left in the game, he managed to score three goals in the 6–0 win over VVV-Venlo. Locadia became the first player to score a hat-trick in his Eredivisie debut since Harald Berg scored three goals in his debut game on 10 August 1969. A week after his debut hat-trick, Locadia was promoted to the first team and signed a new five-year contract with PSV which will keep him at the club until 2017. His performance led Manager Advocaat praising his attitude, saying: "Locadia is very confident. He is not easily fooled." Locadia made his UEFA Europa League debut, coming on as a 65th-minute substitute, in a 1–0 loss against AIK on 8 November 2012. He then scored his fourth goal of the season, in a 6–1 win against NAC Breda on 22 December 2012. His next goal came on 2 February 2013 against ADO Den Haag when Locadia scored PSV Eindhoven's fifth goal of the game, in a 7–0 win. Three weeks later on 27 February 2013, he scored three goals in a 3–0 win over PEC Zwolle in the KNVB Cup semi-final. However, Locadia suffered a with tonsils problems while on international duty and was sidelined for a month after undergoing a surgery. He didn't make his return to the first team against NEC Nijmegen on 5 May 2013 and scored his fifth goal of the season, in a 4–2 win, helping the club finish second place in the league. Four days later in the final of the KNVB Beker against AZ Alkmaar on 9 May 2013, Locadia scored his sixth goal of the season, in a 2–1 loss. At the end of the 2012–13 season, Locadia went on to make twenty–two appearances and scoring eleven times in all competitions.

Paragraph 2: Wilson debuted for the Baltimore Black Sox in 1922. Though Wilson was referred to as "Babe Ruth Wilson" by the media, his teammates nicknamed him "Boojum" after the noise his line drives made after striking the outfield fences. The team went on a 12-game winning streak after Wilson joined the club. He finished his first season with a .390 batting average and a team high in home runs. The Black Sox joined the Eastern Colored League in 1923. Wilson hit .373 that season, leading the league. However, the team finished in last place, prompting the hiring of Pete Hill as the team's manager.

Paragraph 3: Following Carol's eviction, HouseGuests competed in the "Majority Rules" Head of Household competition. For this competition, the HouseGuests were asked a series of questions about which of two HouseGuests would adhere to certain situations. The object was not to base the answer on personal opinions, but how they thought the majority would answer. The minority of the voters were eliminated each round; if there was a tie, none of the HouseGuests would be eliminated. Jen was the winner of the competition. On Day 14, HouseGuests competed in the "Name That Pie" food competition. For this competition, HouseGuests split into two teams and would bid on how many bites it would take to identify the two ingredients in a pie. If a player correctly identified the pie, they win a point for the team, but if they were unable to identify the pie, they would win a point for the opposing team; the first team to seven points would be the winner. The competition resulted in Amber, Daniele, Jameka, Jessica, Joe, and Kail being on slop for the week. That same day, Jen chose to nominate Daniele and Dick for eviction, claiming that the two of them were the most negative people in the house. On Day 15, Amber, Mike, and Joe were selected to play for the Power of Veto competition; Dustin was selected to host. Shortly before the competition, Jen made numerous statements to upset Amber, which led to numerous arguments in the house. The HouseGuests then competed in the "Cutthroat Christmas" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were required to slide a curling stone down an icy path in an attempt to get it closest to the center; the person furthest from the center each round is eliminated. The eliminated HouseGuest from each round earns a prize, which can be taken from them at any time by another eliminated HouseGuest. Daniele was the winner of the Power of Veto for the second consecutive time. On Day 17, Daniele chose to use the Power of Veto to remove herself from the block, with Jen nominating Joe in her place. Fearing he would nominate her if he won Head of Household, Kail began attempting to get the votes to evict Dick from the house. Despite this, not even Kail's own alliance went along with her plan, thus ending the "Mrs. Robinson" alliance. On Day 20, Joe became the second HouseGuest to be evicted from the house in a vote of nine to one.

Paragraph 4: The Collombey-Muraz table tennis club (Le club de tennis de table de Collombey-Muraz, (CTTCM) was founded in June 1974 and remains the principal table tennis club in the Chablais. CTTCM has played for over 40 years in the AVVF association of table tennis which groups the clubs of the cantons of Vaud, Valais and Friborg. At its foundation, the club had about ten members and played in the 4th league. It lost its first ever match to the Vouvry club (which has since disbanded). And yet from these humble beginnings the 1st team now evolves in the national "C" league.  The 2nd team plays in league one with the other four teams, formed of young and not so young, fight it out in the 3rd, 4th and 5th leagues. The committee in place puts a special emphasis on the table tennis academy (from 8 years) preparing what it hopes will be future champions or members of the club of tomorrow. This strategy is designed to ensure that the club retains its place as an active member of communal societies, hopefully even increasing its current level of activity. The club currently has 50 members (25 adults, 25 young people). CTT Collombey-Muraz is very active in its association with the AVVF. On the cantonal level, it organized the Valais championships in 1977/1986/1994/2000/2004/2012/2014 and 2017. This last event took place the Corbier school gym from 4–5 February 2017. At the Swiss Romande level, CCTTCM organizes final matches, promotion and ranking tournaments. And on a national level, it organizes pools for promotion from league B to national league A, and the Swiss cup finals. In 2009, CTTCM organized an international match between Switzerland and Greece. The match took place in a packed house (more than 350 people); it was a great success and a showcase for table tennis.

Paragraph 5: The Final Challenge is a two-day race from a Norwegian fjord to the top of Mount Slogen. Prior to the start of the race, host T. J. Lavin explains that a team must complete the Final Challenge in order to get paid. To start, each team takes a helicopter ride, then will be dropped into the water, where they will have to swim to the shore to their first checkpoint, "Kayak The Fjord." Each team must kayak their way through the fjord, where they will change into their team uniforms, then sprint to the third checkpoint, "Mind Games." Each team has 30 minutes to unscramble a five-word sentence with a pile of rocks marked with letters. (The five-word sentence is "You will respect the trolls.") The third checkpoint is "Don't Flip Your Lid," where each team has to flip a series of six cards with the Flag of Norway from the edge of a table into a series of six glasses filled with liquid fish eggs. Each team must consume one glass prior to flipping the cards. A team is required to consume a full glass for each time that they fail to flip a card into the glass after three attempts. (Note: Jay & Jenna were disqualified at this checkpoint, after Jay was unable to consume the liquid, leaving Jordan & Sarah and Leroy & Theresa as the only teams competing in the final.) Each team then sprints to the fourth checkpoint, "Get Your Rocks Off," in which teams have 30 minutes to grab five rocks from a rockpile, and then toss the rocks from a distance into a bucket. Prior to this checkpoint, each team is required to consume a tube of liquid caviar. If players from each team misses, they must sprint back and continue the process of collecting rocks from the rockpile until they toss a total of five rocks into the bucket. The fifth checkpoint is a bicycle ride to the Slogen trailhead. The sixth checkpoint is a "Rest Stop," where teams must take their place either within their designated zone next to a campfire, or on top of their beds. On day two, the final race is a grueling climb to the top of Slogen, in which the first-place team wins $250,000 and the second-place team wins $70,000. Since Jordan & Sarah made it to the rest stop first, they earned a five-minute headstart before Leroy & Theresa.

Paragraph 6: On the start of the monsoon, the project gets suspended and the daily wage workers are left without jobs. Naik and Palegar declare that they will take care of everyone without a job by taking them to the city and keeping them in their homes. They convince the project owner and a reluctant Purushottham to make the people go with them to the city. Naik takes the entire group to his house while Palegar takes Belli to his house. Naik's family refuses to acknowledge him and the people while he innocently makes them settle in his house. His father, brother and sister in law walk out of the house in a huff but his mother takes his side and appreciates his choice of a fiancé in Parvathi. Meanwhile, Palegar's father has been made the chairman of a disabled institution. He ironically refuses to accept his son marrying a blind girl and throws both of them out. Naik tries to convince Dalavayee to take Roopli back but Dalavayee's marriage has been fixed to a rich man's daughter who has promised him an imported car as a gift. However, the plight of Roopli and the people he stayed with makes him change his mind and he decides to convince his parents. Naik takes Palegar and Belli and returns to his house to find that all his guests have been thrown out by his family with a warning that the police will be called in case they try to reenter the house. Naik storms in and fights with his father, brother and sister in law while his mother remains a mute spectator. Dalavayee tries to reason with his parents about accepting Roopli as his wife but his parents, disappointed that they will not be getting the assured gifts from his arranged marriage disinherit him and throw him out at gunpoint. Roopli tries to make him leave her and go back to his parents but he rushes back in and shoots them with the same gun. He then tells Roopli to enjoy the few moments they have together before he gets arrested. At Naik's house, his family makes it clear that they want nothing to do with him or his group with the exception of his mother who declares that she is proud of him for his ideals, but goes back inside eventually. The police are called and in the melee that follows, Palegar goes after a running Belli to fall under a speeding truck. He dies after voicing his last wish to have his eyes donated to Belli and requesting Naik to make her see the good that the world has to offer. Naik, who is visibly crushed, cradles the head of his dead friend and questions aloud as to why is god being so cruel with them to which a disembodied voice replies that God is not cruel. It is the society instead, who is cruel, having made divisions based on caste, status, language and other differences. The movie ends with the voice saying that these forces in the society have made people forget about the true purpose of life, happiness.

Paragraph 7: The prospect of completing a bike route across the park re-emerged in the 1990s when the Park was required to come up with a General Management Plan. The 1990 Paved Trails plan recommended completing the trail (as well as increasing the clearance below Klingle Road; widening and repaving the trail; adding new connections at Piney Branch and Blagden; and replacing the low-water crossing at Porter). In 1991, a loosely knit, cyclist-dominated group called "Auto-Free DC" renewed the push to ban automobile traffic on Beach Drive. They suggested limited road closures to discourage commuters, but allow access to most locations in the park by car. When NPS failed to take up their suggestion, the group led a series of "rolling road block" protests which aimed to peaceably draw attention to the cause by disrupting rush hour traffic. Nonetheless, the protests led to some confrontations and arrests, and at one point the Military Road Bridge was graffitied with anti-automobile slogans. In 1996 NPS initiated a federally-mandated General Management Plan for the park. In June 1997 NPS laid out several management alternatives, one of which would improve and expand the paved multi-use trails and add a new trail along Wise, with the police substation converted to a visitor center and bicycle rental facility. Another alternative suggested that sections of Beach Drive be permanently closed and converted into a wide multi-use trail and that Wise Road, Sherrill Drive, Bingham Drive, Grant Road, and Blagden Avenue be converted to paved trails. Both of these alternatives were less popular than the status quo. An additional alternative created by the People's Alliance for Rock Creek (PARC), a group consisting of the Washington Area Bicyclists Association, the Sierra Club, Friends of the Earth and 18 other advocacy groups, suggested making Beach Drive auto-free north of Broad Branch as a means of completing the trail envisioned in 1965. In 2003, in an attempt to appease both groups, NPS proposed extending the weekend closures of Beach Drive to weekdays from 9:30 am to 3:30 pm. The proposal was one of several, but was the "preferred alternative." The plan had popular support, but no political support. Mayor Anthony Williams who had supported closure as a candidate, opposed it as mayor, citing the need to evacuate in a post-9/11 world. In May 2004, NPS proposed instead to only close the section from Joyce to Broad Branch, but again found opposition among politicians. So, in November 2005, NPS finalized their management plan which included no further road closures, the prospect of lowering speed limits and adding speed bumps, and improvements to the trail south of Broad Branch. However, speed limits were never reduced and no traffic calming was ever implemented. The 2005 District of Columbia Bicycle Plan only called for "an improved bicycle connection" between Broad Branch and the Maryland line, but, despite this and the Park's management plan, the District's 2013 MoveDC Multi-modal transportation plan proposed a future trail on this section.

Paragraph 8: The credit against the federal tax may be reduced if the state has an outstanding advance (commonly called a "loan"). When states lack the funds to pay unemployment insurance, they may obtain loans from the federal government. To ensure that these loans are repaid and in accordance with Title XII of the Social Security Act, the federal government is entitled to recover them by reducing the FUTA credit it gives to employers, which is the equivalent of an overall increase in the FUTA tax. When a state has an outstanding loan balance on January 1 for two consecutive years, and the full amount of the loan is not repaid by November 10 of the second year, the FUTA credit will be reduced until the loan is repaid. That process is commonly called FUTA credit reduction and was designed as an involuntary repayment mechanism. The reduction schedule is 0.3% for the first year and an additional 0.3% for each succeeding year until the loan is repaid. From the third year onward, there may be additional reduction(s) in the FUTA tax credit (commonly dubbed "add-ons"). For example, for taxable years 2012 and 2013, the Virgin Islands had a 2.7% "add-on" when its tax rate on total wages was below a national minimum. For taxable year 2014, Connecticut had a "BCR add-on" when its tax rate on the taxable portion of covered wages in the previous calendar year was less than the 5-year benefit–cost ratio applicable for the taxable year.

Paragraph 9: During the civil war, the less aggressive and peaceful Rahanweyn suffered the most out of any clan in Somalia. General Morgan the nephew of Siad Barre unified the Darood factions in Jubbaland and founded the Somali National Front and waged war against the self-declared president Mohamed Farrah Aidid who led the Hawiye militia known as the United Somali Congress. The Darood and Hawiye militia used Rahanweyn lands as their battleground and conducted all kinds of human rights violations against the ingenious population in the interiverine region. In the Bay province, the Marehan militia members targeted women as means of genocide against the Rahanweyn clan. Barre had planned to resettle Darood clans in the area and made secret plans with his son-in-law General Morgan to exterminate the Rahanweyn clan. In fact, this had been a long-term aim as evidence pointed out in the infamous documents "death letter one" and "death letter two" of 1987. In these Morgan proposed the idea for the annihilation of both the Isaaq in the north and the Rahanweyn in the south. Apart from the massacres, general Morgan used other kinds of cruel and barbarous methods such as using starvation as his key tactic by plundering NGO warehouses, raiding convoys, and a host of other schemes to prevent food aid from reaching the Rahanweyn. Given the outcome of the mortality rate, (40% of the population, including 70% of the children) his attempts to prevent food aid, steadily kill the survivors, and colonize the lands with his own clan, could be concluded that there was a deliberate effort to destroy the Rahanweyn. At the same time the self-declared president Mohamed Farrah Aidid and forces loyal to him were the more powerful armed militia occupied Rahanweyn dominated regions such as Bay, Bakool and Lower Shabelle in the guise of liberation against Siad Barre regime forces. The Habar Gidir militia in Lower Shabelle overstayed, began illegally settling by looting properties and farmlands and using the local Digil population as labour similar to Darood clans in Jubbaland.

Paragraph 10: Jules François Miot was born in Autun on 14 September 1809. He studied medicine and pharmacology in Paris and became a pharmacist at Moulins-Engilbert (Nièvre). As a young man he became involved in republican secret societies. He took part in the July Revolution of 1830. He participated in the Revolution of 1848 and was elected to the National Assembly on 13 May 1849, where he sat as a radical republican socialist deputy. In 1849 he opposed the election of Louis Bonaparte to the presidency and condemned Bonaparte's campaign against the Italian revolutionaries. After Bonaparte's coup d'état of 2 December 1851 (when Bonaparte proclaimed himself emperor Napoléon III of the Second Empire), Miot was arrested and banished to a penal colony in Algeria. In 1860, an amnesty enabled him to return to France, where he edited the journal Le Modéré and worked as a pharmacist. He also resumed his clandestine republican activities. He was arrested again in 1862 and sentenced to three years in prison. After his release, Miot went into exile in London, where he joined the First International. In 1871, Napoléon III was captured in the course of the Franco-Prussian War, and on 4 September the Third Republic was proclaimed. Miot returned to Paris, where he helped organise the defence of the besieged city and participated in the Paris Commune. In February 1871 he was a candidate for the National Assembly but was not elected. On 26 March 1871 he was elected to the Council of the Commune by the nineteenth district (arrondissement). He served on the Committee of Education and the Committee of Barricades. On 4 March he proposed the establishment of the Committee of Public Safety, which was accepted by a majority of the Council, over vigorous protests from the minority. After the suppression of the Commune in May, Miot escaped to Switzerland. He was sentenced to death in absentia. In 1880, a general amnesty for Communards enabled him to return to France. He died on 9 May 1883 in Adamville (Seine).  Jules Miot was significant as a link between the Jacobin republicanism that hearkened back to the first French Revolution and the revolutionary socialist movement of the nineteenth century (along with Charles Delescluze and Félix Pyat). He represented the Jacobin minority in the French section of the First International, but played a leading role in the majority of the Council of the Paris Commune. Although he worked closely with the followers of Louis Auguste Blanqui, he was not formally a member of the Blanquist organisation.

Paragraph 11: The chief justice of the Common Pleas was the head of the Court of Common Pleas, also known as the Common Bench or Common Place, which was the second-highest common law court in the English legal system until 1875, when it, along with the other two common law courts and the equity and probate courts, became part of the High Court of Justice. As such, the chief justice of the Common Pleas was one of the highest judicial officials in England, behind only the Lord High Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice of England, who headed the King's Bench (Queen's when the monarch was female).

Paragraph 12: To find a record label, the band says "we pretty much just sent packages to every record label, a shit load of phone calls harassing people." In 2001, From Autumn to Ashes performed in Long Island with Ferret Music bands Skycamefalling and Martyr AD, where the founder of Ferret Music, Carl Severson, attended. The following day, Severson contacted the group and they were soon signed in 2001. The band's debut full-length album, Too Bad You're Beautiful, was released on August 14, 2001. Too Bad You're Beautiful, which was written entirety about a relationship Perri had, sold over 100,000 records in the United States, and thus, From Autumn to Ashes became the highest selling band on Ferret Records. It had also featured vocals on the song "Short Stories With Tragic Endings" from Melanie Wills of the band One True Thing. A reviewer on Punk News stated the album had the ability to "put you to sleep like a baby's lullaby, then smash you awake with the most gut wrenching, floor pounding hardcore this side of the Mississippi freakin' river." In 2000, under the music label Tribunal, the band released the Sin, Sorrow and Sadness EP on March 5, and later took part in the Warped Tour during the summer months. In 2002, the band employed a live drummer for a number of songs so that Mark could focus on the songs in which he did more vocals.

Paragraph 13: For most of their formative years, members of Tenement lived in and operated the BFG punk house in Appleton, Wisconsin- which hosted hundreds of bands over the course of eight years and served as a recording space for portions of each of their studio albums from 2011 to 2015. Their connection to the house and the relationships they developed with national touring artists that played there cemented their reputation as disciples of DIY culture. Despite national acclaim, the house (and the band) remained an underground fixture within the confines of the city of Appleton. Pitsch told The Post-Crescent in 2015, "We've been an enigma to people, and in our own little world". The same year, he told Ghettoblaster Magazine, "In a town like Appleton, Wisconsin, a place like BFG was a lawless jungle. I’d always thought that it was meant to be bulldozed and not to be handed over to new tenants. The energy that place held after we’d been there for eight years wasn’t meant to linger in a normal family environment." For many, setting foot in The BFG was an experience that brought them to a closer understanding of what drove Tenement as a group and how they fit- personally and creatively- into the greater scheme of music and art in America. Some saw them as off-the-grid, insular, outlying personas and others saw them as music savants, students of their record collections and eccentrics with nearly singular-interest personalities. RVA Mag visited the house in 2010 and wrote: "[Amos'] room, located on the top floor of the BFG House, Appleton’s main house show venue, is indicative of his lifestyle. Some recording equipment is set up on a desk, with a computer that doesn’t connect to the internet. There are several tape players and a record player connected to a stereo, and the only other real furniture in the room are some shelves which provide haven for Pitsch’s vast record collection. When I enter the room, he’s listening to the Four Tops. He doesn’t have a bed, but there are some sleeping mats folded in the corner." Heartbreaking Bravery 's Steven Spoerl commented in 2015 on how the environment of The BFG hinted at Tenement's eclectic taste in music and how it came to define them as a band: "It was impossible to spend thirty seconds flipping through any one of the thousands of [records] that littered that house and not jump from 80’s hardcore to free jazz session recordings to sludge to the golden era of soul, all of which would be directly underneath an unending murderer’s row of killer flyers for (increasingly strong) bills that the house hosted. It evoked the ideal of the American melting pot more than just a little and, in a way, furthered the band’s identity." As of 2015, The BFG was condemned and demolished.

Paragraph 14: As a Roman Catholic term of use, the flagon is the large vessel, usually glass and metal, that holds the wine. Before March 2002, a flagon may have also been used to hold the wine during the consecration of the Eucharist and then be poured into many chalices.  This pouring of sacramental wine from flagon to chalice was eliminated. A smaller container called a cruet is used for the priest's chalice, usually identical to the cruet of water, which is mingled with the wine before consecration. The cruets do not remain on the altar after the preparation of the gifts.

Paragraph 15: A hamlet was present here by the 1500s. Until the 1860s, Bromley Common consisted mainly of farmland and the estates of a few large landowners. The common itself was owned by the Bishops of Rochester as Lords of the Manor, but on the condition that various ‘commoners’ should be allowed to freely enjoy their privileges on it. It amounted to about 300 acres, extending irregularly along the sides of the road that formed the main route from Tunbridge Wells and Hastings to Bromley and, beyond, to London. It was a well-known and profitable haunt for highwaymen. After the common was enclosed by Act of Parliament in 1826 (the Act was passed in 1821), there was some limited residential development, but this was mostly to the south of the old common, where it fanned out from the main road. A substantial number of homes had been built around Oakley Road and Princes Plain, such that in 1842 Holy Trinity Church, at the junction of Bromley Common and Oakley Road, was built to cater for the expanding population. In the northern section of the old common development was much more modest, with just a few dozen homes put up along the east side of the road.

Paragraph 16: In January 2012, Dev starred in Khokababu, the 2nd highest-grossing Tollywood film, once again opposite Subhashree Ganguly. The film, directed by Shankar Aiyya and produced by Ashok Dhanuka Himanshu Dhanuka of Eskay Movies, is the longest running movie of 2012, remaining in theatre for more than 300 days. The film had an item number "Dance Maare Khokababu" which was the costliest song of Tollywood till Challenge 2 released in October 2012, whose title track "Challenge nibi na sala" broke the record to become the costliest song till now made in Tollywood. In 2013, he starred in Khoka 420, Rangbaaz and Chander Pahar. Though the former two films were commercial hits, with Khoka 420 and Rangbazz earning 8,000,000 and 9,000,000 respectively, the latter gave him a slight decree of critical success. Made on a budget of 15,000,000 and shot in South Africa, the film met with critical and commercial success upon release. Dola Mitra of Outlook (magazine) reviewed: "Dev charms as Shankar Choudhury, the young Bengali village boy who dreads clerkdom and wangles a job as station master of a tiny train station in Uganda, where only one train stops in a day." Besides many awards, Dev won the Kalakar Awards for his performance in the film and a Filmfare Awards East nomination. After appearing in two films, one where he gave a special appearance and another critically and commercially unsuccessful film, he gave another critically acclaimed performance in Buno Haansh, the adaptation of Samaresh Majumdar's successful novel of the same name. In 2015, he appeared in Aparna Sen's action romantic drama film Arshinagar opposite Rittika Sen. Released on Christmas 2015, Dev's performance was critically acclaimed, apart from Jisshu Sengupta and Swagata Mukherjee. Upam Buzarbaruah of The Times of India reviewed: "The high point of the film are the performances. All the actors, including Dev, have performed perfectly." His performance of a mute gangster in the 2016 action drama film Zulfiqar, earned him his second Filmfare Awards East 2017 nomination for Best Actor. Dev's first film of 2017 was Chaamp directed by Raj Chakraborty. The film got critical acclaim from critics and was a commercial success earning above 8.90 crores. His next film of 2017 was Cockpit directed by Kamaleshwar Mukherjee. The film got positive reviews from critics but failed at the Box Office. Dev next starred in Kamaleshwar Mukherjee directed Amazon Obhijaan, a sequel to the 2013 film Chander Pahar. Dev reprised his role as Shankar Rai Chodhury. The film was well received by critics and became the highest grossing Bengali film of all time earning over 48 crores. On 5 January 2018, the film was dubbed and released in five languages: Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Odia and Assamese.

Paragraph 17: Because of this success, Hines began attending Corona Theatre School in London where his fellow classmates included Richard O'Sullivan, Dennis Waterman, Jeremy Bulloch and Francesca Annis. Making his debut in the film John and Julie (1955) as an extra in a crowd scene, Hines went on to have minor roles in a number of films including  One Good Turn (1955) and The Woman for Joe (1955) before playing speaking parts in Moby Dick, The Weapon and X the Unknown (all 1956). Hines' breakthrough role however was in 1957 where he performed the role of Napoleon in a six-part television adaptation of John Buchan's 1922 novel Huntingtower. That same year, Hines appeared alongside Charlie Chaplin in the film A King in New York. From 1957 and throughout the 1960s, he performed a steady stream of roles in various television series, such as Jan in The Silver Sword (1957–58), Tim Birch in Emergency – Ward 10 (1963–64), and Roger Wain in Coronation Street (1965). He appeared in a 1964 serial, Smuggler's Bay, with Patrick Troughton.  With a well-established career in television, Hines appeared in feature films less frequently, however he did appear in Tunes of Glory (1960) with Alec Guinness, I Could Go On Singing (1963) with Judy Garland and the James Bond film You Only Live Twice (1967).

Paragraph 18: At this point, PA 29 heads west concurrent with the northbound direction of US 11 on a divided highway with one northbound lane and two southbound lanes, heading through wooded areas to the north of the Susquehanna River. The southbound direction of US 11 merges in and US 11/PA 29 continue west as two-lane undivided East Poplar Street through woods before heading past homes and businesses in the community of West Nanticoke, gaining a center left-turn lane. The name changes to Allen Street before the roadway curves northwest. The road crosses Harveys Creek before PA 29 splits from US 11 by turning north-northeast onto two-lane South Mill Street, running past more development to the west of the creek. The route becomes North Mill Street before it leaves West Nanticoke and becomes an unnamed road, winding northeast through a section of the Pinchot State Forest, alongside Harveys Creek and between Shickshinny Mountain to the west and Larksville Mountain to the east. The road crosses to the east side of the creek and winds north through more forest, crossing into Jackson Township. At this point, the route enters the Back Mountain region of Luzerne County. PA 29 curves to the northwest and leaves the state forest, passing through the community of Ceasetown and heading west through more forested land. The road crosses Harveys Creek and heads to the south of Pikes Creek Reservoir, where it passes through a small corner of Plymouth Township before entering Lehman Township. The route continues through wooded areas with some homes before it curves northwest and runs through the wooded residential community of Silkworth, where it passes southwest of Lake Silkworth. PA 29 turns to the north and runs through more forests with some fields and comes, crossing into Lake Township and coming to an intersection with PA 118 in the community of Pikes Creek. Past this intersection, the road runs through more woodland with some fields and homes, turning to the west. The route makes a sharp curve to the north and runs through more rural land with some development, winding to the northeast and passing through the community of Ruggles as it runs to the southeast of North Mountain.

Paragraph 19: With additional aircraft financing, Texas International Airlines (through Eastern and Continental) acquired a majority interest in Bar Harbor. Bar Harbor stopped flying its older aircraft and the older PBA aircraft by the beginning of 1990 in favor of newer, modern aircraft. After Eastern's strike, bankruptcy filing, and ultimate separation from Texas Air, Bar Harbor too had to be divided between the two carriers. The aircraft fleet was divided between the two parents; the Saab 340s and Beechcraft 99s went to Eastern, and the ATR 42s went to Continental. The routes were divided between the two carriers. The Miami and Tampa hubs went to Eastern and continued operating as Eastern Express, while the Newark, LaGuardia, and Boston hubs went to Continental and operated as Continental Express. Employees were given the choice of going with either the Eastern Express division or the Continental Express portion of Bar Harbor. The Bar Harbor Airlines name and operating certificate ironically went to Eastern for the Florida operation. Continental then merged the New England portion of Bar Harbor and PBA with its other commuter carriers: Britt Airways (based in Terre Haute, Indiana) and Rocky Mountain Airways (based in Denver), and operated Continental Express under the Britt Airways certificate.

Paragraph 20: During this period his interest in astronomy and optics increased. In Mittweida he had hoped to study with Dr. Karl Strehl, a noted optical theorist. Strehl, however, had recently departed. Gradually, Schmidt found his true calling, namely the grinding and polishing of highly precise optics for astronomical applications. He seems to have begun the grinding of mirrors sometime around 1901, and thereafter began to sell some of his products to amateur astronomers. By March 1904, he had made so much progress in his new endeavor that after finishing his studies, he was soon in contact with professionals at the major observatories in Germany. His business rapidly took off when noted astronomers such as Hermann Carl Vogel, and Karl Schwarzschild realized the excellence of Schmidt's mirrors for their researches.

Paragraph 21: To find out whether the PVA intended to occupy the outpost, the regimental intelligence officer ordered the 2nd Battalion to send a platoon as quickly as possible from E Company to reconnoiter the hill. The patrol cleared the Jamestown Line shortly before daylight on the 19th, but soon ran into machine gun and rifle grenade fire as it advanced up the hill. Convinced that the PVA planned to remain, Colonel Cordero made an assessment of the situation. The heavy mortar fire and the attack that had followed had badly depleted B Company, although there might be some remnants of the company still on the hill. He assumed that the PVA now held the position with small arms, light machine guns and light mortars. There was a waist-deep, circular trench that ringed the military crest of the hill completely and four bunkers. At the base of the hill, on the approaches, the PVA had established combat outposts of squad size. Colonel Betances, the 2nd Battalion commander, ordered two platoons from E Company to advance on Kelly on the morning of 20 September. By late afternoon one platoon had fought its way to the top. The second was still on the porters' trail moving forward slowly. The PVA, however, had no intention of surrendering possession of Kelly for they quickly sent reinforcements to bolster their defending forces. The platoon on the hill began to take casualties from the small arms, machine gun and mortar fire, and the second platoon was forced to fall back as it encountered similar PVA opposition on its way to the crest. Faced with the PVA determination to hang on to the outpost and the mounting casualty list, the two platoons withdrew to the Jamestown Line. In the meantime, the 1st Battalion prepared to counterattack through the 2nd Battalion's positions. During the evening of 20 September, A Company, under 1st Lt. St. Clair Streett, Jr., moved forward to take up the attack from the south and C Company advanced to the base of the hill on which Kelly was located. The PVA mortar and artillery became very heavy as the men crossed the valley floor en route to the hill approaches. As the two companies began their ascent, B Company moved forward toward the outpost line to support the attack. Mortar fire came in swiftly and with deadly effect as casualties cut the strength of B Company to twenty-six men and forced the cancellation of the company mission. The PVA fire was also taking its toll of A and C Companies. In addition, the PVA used time-fuzed artillery fire as the 1st Battalion troops edged their way to the top. The airbursts over the heads of A and C Company were demoralizing and caused panic. Lieutenant Streett had to fall back and reorganize A Company, while C Company clung to a finger of the hill with two platoons. A and C Companies totaled about 60 men each at this juncture, while the PVA had an estimated 100 men on the hill and was reinforcing freely. A UN artillery barrage pounded the PVA positions on Kelly early in the morning of 21 September. But when the remnants of A and C Companies tried to close in on the PVA positions, they were met with small arms fire and hand grenades. Two squads from C Company almost reached the crest of Kelly shortly before noon only to receive mortar concentrations that forced them to fall back to the trenches. No sooner had the PVA mortar fire ceased when the Chinese counterattacked and forced C Company to pull out completely. In the early afternoon A, B and C Companies were ordered to return to their company areas. They had suffered over seventy casualties in the fight for Kelly. That night the 1st Battalion relieved the 3rd Battalion and the action around Kelly slowed down for several days.

Paragraph 22: An old couple are heartbroken because their only daughter runs away with her lover. At that time they see Amravathi (Sanghavi) who is a naive and beautiful girl who runs away from home but does not remember anything else. They decide to take to the police but instead want to raise her as their own daughter. she finds shelter in their  house where she is well taken care of. Her life takes a turn when Arjun (Ajith Kumar) son of a rich business man falls in love with her. Arjun finds excuses to meet her in her house and gets well known with the family. One day with the help of Amravati's friend he manages to lure her into his house without her parents knowing and expresses his love to her and starts taking her to places and they start having the most happiest days of their life. But her foster father fears she will elope too so forbids her to see Arjun but her father understands that they are deeply in love with each other. Just then a newspaper shows there is a missing girl called Angeline and she bears resemblance to Amravati. Arjun sees this and thinks it is Amravati. Just then a doctor comes and recognises Amravati as Angeline and tells Arjun and her foster parents she is Angeline the daughter of a rich businessman. She and her father both never got over the loss of her mother and her uncle tortures them to give him the wealth and Angeline's hand in marriage and makes sure they tell nobody about him., Her father and her decide to kill themselves so the can escape the torture. Her father dies but Angel survives and has amnesia and has forgotten everything. Then the uncle kidnaps Amravati to force her into marriage and also tries to misbehave with her just then Arjun fights him and rescues her. Arjun and Amravati live happy and also it is shown nobody ever told Amravati about her past because they did not want to upset her.

Paragraph 23: As seen above Zhu Quanzhong arrived at Bian more than three months after his appointment. The delay probably was related to various duties assigned to him in between, but may also have been due to bargaining over how many men of his own men he was to be allowed to bring with him to his new command. When he surrendered, Zhu brought with him an army of several thousand men, but by the time he left for Bianzhou this army must have been largely dispersed or absorbed into the imperial armies, for he brought with him to Bian only a few hundred men including a core of at least eighty military retainers. These retainers would provide crucial leadership in his early years at Bian. The majority of them had probably served with Zhu under Huang Chao, but some, such as Pang Shigu (), were new recruits. To the Xuanwu command belonged one of the strongest armies in the region and Zhu now set about making sure that this army become loyal to him personally. The army consisted of two sections: the governor's guard and the main field force, the former acting as the governor's bodyguards. Zhu appointed several of his military retainers as guards officers, such as Ding Hui who was made administrator, and Hu Zhen () who was made a commander. Zhu Quanzhong's eldest son, Zhu Youyu () was also made an officer, though at this time he was yet a boy. The most important of these appointments was Zhu Zhen (), who was given special responsibility for selection, training and reorganization. Zhu Quanzhong did retain the hereditary officers in the guards and main army, but the reorganizations and preparations for war against Huang Chao had been entrusted to his own men. The Xuanwu army consisted largely of infantry. Having seen the effectiveness of the Shatou Turks' tribal cavalry during the recapture of Chang'an, Zhu ordered the formation of his own cavalry units. Command of the initial force was entrusted his military retainer Pang. Later as new units were formed, officers were both selected from men who had come with Zhu or recruited locally.

Paragraph 24: The album has a contemporary country music feel that has evolved from a rural American folk tradition. It features traditional folk music merged with rock and roll to form folk rock. Since the 1970s, a genre of "contemporary folk" fueled by new singer-songwriters has continued with such artists as Chris Castle, Steve Goodman, and John Prine. Filk music can be considered folk music stylistically and culturally (although the 'community' it arose from, science fiction fandom, is an unusual and thoroughly modern one). The genre is largely European, especially in France. The songs are primarily written by Bruni, though two are covers, and one (track 2) is an arrangement of an excerpt from a novel. In contrast to the spare production of Bruni's earlier albums, Comme features extensive instrumentation, the new producer Dominique Blanc-Francard, saying that he was trying to "amplify Carla's limited harmonic system", although the production is accused of rather "drowning it out". "Ma Jeunesse", the first song from the album, begins with piano and it talks about love and young people in general. "La possibilité d'une île" is adapted from the French novel "The Possibility of an Island" by Michel Houellebecq. "L'Amoureuse" talks about a woman in love and represents a good perspective of French music. "Tu es ma came", which compares the intensity of passion to a drug-induced "fix", caused controversy due to the line "more dangerous than Colombian white [cocaine]", which provoked comment from the Colombian government. The preceding line "more lethal than heroin from Afghanistan" is not known to have provoked comment from the Afghan government. "Salut marin" (roughly, "Hello, Sailor"), a very personal song from the album, is a farewell to her brother Virginio Bruni Tedeschi, who died in 2006 from complications of HIV/AIDS. "Ta tienne" and "Péché d'envie" are folk songs written by Bruni. "You Belong to Me": In English, this song by Chilton Price, Pee Wee King, Redd Stewart is generally referred to as a cover of the version by Bob Dylan and was later included in the film The Boys Are Back, starring Clive Owen. "Le Temps perdu" and "Déranger les pierres" are songs written by Bruni. "Je suis une enfant" is the eleventh song from the album. This track was praised as the strongest by Le Figaro. "L'Antilope" was written by Frédéric Koella. "Notre grand amour est mort" is a love song that talks about a relationship between a woman and a man. "Il vecchio e il bambino" is an Italian song by Francesco Guccini.

Paragraph 25: In early March 1919, Polish units opened an offensive and forces under General Stanisław Szeptycki captured the cities of Słonim (March 2) and crossed the Neman River. Forces under General A. Listowski took Pinsk (March 5) and secured passages through Jasiolda river and Oginski Canal. Northern units reached the outskirts of Lida and stopped for several weeks. Polish decisions regarding further action in the east were taken at the beginning of April when Józef Piłsudski determined that Polish forces must maintain the initiative on the eastern front but should avoid tipping the balance of Russian Civil war in any direction. Both the Russian and Polish advances began around the same time in April, resulting in increasing numbers of troops being brought into the area. In April the Bolsheviks captured Grodno and Vilnius, but in the very same month was pushed out by a Polish counteroffensive. The newly formed Polish Army had proved to be a far more difficult opponent than the Russians had assumed. Although the Soviet orders for Operation Target Vistula (advance west) were never rescinded, the early Russian plans would soon be made obsolete by growing Polish resistance and eventually, in April, a Polish counteroffensive. Unable to accomplish its objectives and facing strengthening offensives of White Russians, the Red Army withdrew from their positions and reorganized. Soon the Polish-Bolshevik War would begin in earnest.

Paragraph 26: During summer and fall 1791, Maria and Hamilton continued the affair while Hamilton's wife, Eliza, and their children were in Albany, visiting her parents. A short time into the affair, Maria informed Hamilton that her husband had sought a reconciliation with her, to which she agreed without ending the affair with Hamilton. She then obtained an interview for James Reynolds, who applied to Hamilton for a position in the Treasury Office, which Hamilton refused. After Hamilton had shown unequivocal signs that he wanted to end the affair on December 15, 1791, Maria sent him a letter warning of Reynolds's anger over the supposed discovery of the affair:I have not the time to tell you the cause of my present troubles; only that Mr. Reynolds has wrote you this morning and I know not whether you have got the letter or not and he has swore that if you do not answer, or if he does not see or hear from you today, he will write to Mrs. Hamilton. He has just gone out and I am alone. I think you had better come here one moment that you may know the cause, then you will the better know how to act. Oh, my God, I feel more for you than myself and wish I had never been born to give you so much unhappiness. Do not respond to him; not even a line. Come here soon. Do not send or leave any thing in his power. From December 15 to December 19, 1791, Reynolds sent threatening letters to Hamilton, and after a personal meeting instead of seeking redress from dueling, he asked for financial compensation. Hamilton complied, paying to Reynolds the requested $1,000 and discontinuing the affair, as he had wished to do for some time. However, on January 17, 1792, Reynolds wrote to Hamilton inviting him to renew his visits to his wife. Maria, most likely manipulated into the scheme, also began to write to Hamilton whenever her husband was out of the house and seduced him anew. After each of these exchanges, Reynolds would write to Hamilton under the guise of being friends, and Hamilton would, in return, send $30. Hamilton's last "loan" of the $50 to James Reynolds, and possibly the end of the affair, dates in June 1792. 

Paragraph 27: Rakeysh said the following in a scriptwriter's conference conducted by the Film Writers Association in the year 2008, "I was making a documentary called Mamooli Ram, on Amul, the milk revolution with Kamalesh Pandey. We were sitting in a small hotel room in Nanded, drinking. We started singing songs, and we both realized we liked similar songs. And so Rang De Basanti was born. He was angry with the system, I was helpless with the system. We wanted to do so much. But we really can't do anything and it was born out of anger. He wrote a story called Ahuti, meaning sacrifice. Ahuti was about the armed revolution in India, between the years 1919 and 1931. It started with Ashfaqullah Khan, Ramprasad Bismil, Bhagat Singh, Rajguru, went on to Chandrashekhar Azad and so on. We had this amazing screenplay called Ahuti, which we had also termed as The Young Guns of India, which started with a train robbery, Azad on a horse and so on. I said, "let's do The Young Guns of India". We were going to go on the floor, and suddenly there were a couple of film on Bhagat Singh made. But they came and went. Not because they were good or bad films, not because they were written badly or not written so badly. I'm not being judgmental about them. And this is very important: because they did not reflect the sentiment of today's time. Nobody in the audience could identify with something which was past. It wasn't that there wasn't an idea of patriotism in us, but it was sleeping somewhere. And you had to kind of relate to it in today's world. So a couple of bottles of vodka again, and three days later, with a couple of vodkas down, Kamlesh Ji comes up with 'You know what, I think I've cracked it'."

Paragraph 28: In his fourth season, Pavlyuchenko was the top scorer in the league with 18 goals and the first player to do so at Spartak Moscow. This also became the first player in the history of Spartak, who was tournament top scorer after the creation of the Russian Federation in 1992. The club was also close to winning the league but lost out to CSKA Moscow having the same points but with an inferior goal difference. In his fifth season, Pavlyuchenko became a top scorer with 14 goals along with Roman Adamov. With Spartak Moscow he qualified for the UEFA Champions League. Pavlyuchenko was the hero when he scored the winning goal and provided an assist for Mozart in a 2–1 win over Slovan Liberec in the second leg of Champions League Qualification following a first leg 0–0 draw. That win would secure the club Champions League status as Spartak Moscow would play in the Group Stage and were drawn against Sporting Clube de Portugal, Bayern Munich and Inter Milan. On 18 October 2006, Pavlyuchenko scored the only goal in a 2–1 loss against Inter Milan Matchday 3. On 5 December 2006 Matchday 6, Pavlyuchenko scored the first goal in the game as Spartak Moscow win 3–1 over Sporting Lisbon. This win ensured Spartak Moscow would go to the UEFA Cup after becoming third in the group stage. The following season Spartak faced Celtic in their UEFA Champions League qualifier. The first leg finished 1-1, with Pavlyuchenko scoring Spartak's goal. The second leg also finished 1–1 with Pavlyuchenko scoring again, though he also missed a penalty in normal time. The game went to penalties and Spartak lost. On 19 April 2007, Pavlyuchenko scored his first hat-trick for the club in a 3–0 win over Kuban Krasnodar. In his fourth and last season, Pavlyuchenko made 14 appearances and scored 6.

Paragraph 29: In 2010, following Brendan Fevola's departure, Houlihan became Carlton's longest serving player. He had a series of excellent performances playing as a defensive forward in 2010, in which he was given the task of negating the influence of the opposition's key running defender, while using his skills to kick and set up goals. These included Simon Goodwin, who he kept to a season low 4 kicks and 16 possessions, while kicking 3 goals; Corey Enright, who he kept to 16 possessions, while kicking 2 goals and Sam Fisher, who he restricted to just 6 possessions- a season low. He kicked a career high 4 goals in the Round 11 victory over Melbourne. Unfortunately hamstring and knee injuries restricted him to just 13 games and he did not play any matches after Round 15, eventually requiring season ending surgery to his knee, after an unsuccessful attempt to come back. He kicked 15 goals and just 4 behinds for the year- a little over a goal per game and No. 1 at the club for accuracy (of those who had kicked 10 goals or more), an indication of his elite finishing skills in front of goal (as described by Champion Data). As well as kicking goals directly, he was also second at the club for goal assists per game. He finished a creditable 12th in the Best and Fairest, despite having missed 10 games. He would have made the top 10 on average votes per game. His excellent early season form prior to the first of his injuries had seen him in third place after seven rounds and in the top 10 when his season ended prematurely. Since finishing fourth in the 2007 Best and Fairest he had two seasons significantly affected by injury and missed the top 10 by one vote in the other.

Paragraph 30: Several witnesses saw Flight 266 take off and reported seeing sparks emanating from either engine #1 or the rear of the fuselage, while others claimed an engine was on fire. Salvage operations were conducted to recover the wreckage of the aircraft, but not much useful information was gleaned as the cockpit instruments were not recovered. The wreckage was in approximately  of water and had been severely fragmented, however the relatively small area in which it was spread indicated an extremely steep, nose-down angle at impact. There was little in the way of identifiable human remains at the wreckage site, only two passengers were identified and only one intact body was found. The #2 and #3 engines suffered severe rotational damage from high RPM speeds at impact, but the #1 engine had almost no damage because it had been powered off. No evidence of any fire or heat damage was found on the engines, thus disproving the witnesses' claims. The small portion of the electrical system that was recovered did not provide any relevant information. The CVR took nearly six weeks to locate and recover. NTSB investigators could not explain the sparking seen by witnesses on the ground and theorized that it might have been caused by debris being sucked into the engine, a transient compressor stall or an electrical system problem that led to the eventual power failure. They also were unable to explain the engine #1 fire warning in the absence of a fire, but this may have resulted from electrical system problems or a cracked duct that allowed hot engine air to set off the temperature sensors. The sensors from the #1 and #2 engines were recovered and exhibited no signs of malfunction. Some tests indicated that it was indeed possible for the #2 generator to fail from an overload condition as a result of the operating load being suddenly shifted onto it following the #1 generator's shutdown, and this was maintained as a possible cause of the failure.