Paragraph 1: The opening movement begins quietly with a march figure, but quickly moves to a more lyrical melody interspersed with a fanfare in the winds. The music grows abruptly in volume, with the violins taking up the principal melody over the march theme, which is now played by the brass. This uplifting theme transitions to a brief, quieter interlude distinguished by a sighing motif in the brass. The march returns, eventually transitioning to the entrance of the soloist. The soloist plays a brief Eingang (a type of abbreviated cadenza) before resolving to a trill on the dominant G while the strings play the march in C major. The piano then introduces new material in C major and begins transitioning to the dominant key of G major. Immediately after an orchestral cadence finally announces the arrival of the dominant, the music abruptly shifts to G minor in a passage that foreshadows the main theme of the Symphony No. 40 in that key. A series of rising and falling chromatic scales then transition the music to the true second theme of the piece, an ebullient G major theme, which can also be heard in Mozart's Third Horn Concerto. The usual development and recapitulation follow. There is a cadenza at the end of the movement, although Mozart's original has been lost.

Paragraph 2: They also towed targets for live anti-aircraft artillery practice, simulated strafing missions, and transported cargo. The live-target practice was announced by Jackie Cochran on July 19, 1943, to 25 recent WASP graduates at Avenger Field. Cochran told the group that she had a "top secret assignment" and that any WASP could opt out if they wished: none did. This group would be sent to Camp Davis to tow flying shooting targets for men on the ground to practice shooting airborne targets. Many of the planes were shot during this training and several WASP were shot in the feet. Sometimes the planes were shot on purpose, when service men mistakenly believed they were supposed to shoot the plane, not the target the WASP was towing. One of the planes used during target towing, an A-24 that, like many had not been adequately maintained by the Army Air Corps (AAC), killed WASP Mabel Virginia Rawlinson. Rawlinson was practicing night flying with a trainer when her A-24 began to experience technical issues. The instructor asked her to return to the airfield, but on the final approach, Rawlinson's plane connected with the top of a pine tree and the plane nosed down and crashed. The instructor was thrown free, but Rawlinson was stuck in the front seat as the plane went up in flames, unable to open the plane's broken canopy lock. The investigation into the crash and her death found that the towing planes were not maintained properly and the AAC was using the wrong octane fuel for the planes.

Paragraph 3: The 2008 tour was Paparizou's first large-scale tour of her career and first tour of Greece as a solo artist; she claimed she felt that she owed something to the Greek people. During the tour, Paparizou visited many cities all over the Greece for the first time as a solo performer (she had formerly visited some places as a member of Antique). Prior to the release of her album, Paparizou asked her fans to request their favorite songs that they would like to hear on the tour through her official Facebook page. Paparizou toured in all provinces of Greece, visiting both some large cities and many smaller towns and islands where she would not otherwise have the opportunity to perform. Manos Pirovolakis toured with her as the opening act. Other guest performers included hip-hop group Stavento who appeared in select venues. Paparizou came into collaboration with the group a few weeks prior when she made a featuring appearance during their performance at the 2008 MAD Video Music Awards, singing a chorus from their hit "Mesa Sou". The shows included songs from Paparizou's album Vrisko To Logo Na Zo and songs since the start of her solo career, as well as from her Antique recordings and covers and duets with Pirovolakis and Stavento. The kick-off party took place on June 25, 2008. During the tour, it was reported that ticket sales reached 190,000 after twenty-eight concerts. However, following the end of the tour Sony Music Greece printed the official attendance numbers of the tour, revealing that the 29 performances had a total attendance of approximately 192,000, averaging 6,620 tickets a show. The ticket sales of the planned 30th show were not included due to availability for refunds as the concert was cancelled due to bad weather conditions. The lowest attendances of the entire tour were on the islands of Chios and Kos with 3,500 attendants each, while Orestiada had the largest attendance of the tour with 18,000 people. Paparizou achieved five-figure ticket sales in three shows: Orestiada (18,000), Serres (12,000), and Patras (11,000), however, the audiences of the former two cities were joint in other events; Paparizou performed as a part of the Arda's Festival and commenced the Enduro World Championship respectively. Despite that she had higher attendance numbers in some other cities, she only managed to sell out the Thessaloniki venue with 7,500 spectators. Overall it was a moderate success; with ticket costs at €20, the tour should have grossed €3.84 million from ticket sales not including the cost of merchandise. Fokas Evangelinos, who choreographed Paparizou's Eurovision Song Contest 2005-winning performance of "My Number One", directed the choreography, while Paparizou teamed up with soft drink company Ivi as the main sponsor of her tour. Nokia was also a sponsor of the tour, as well as Alpha TV who reserved the rights to film and broadcast it; it was announced that the concert would be shown on Alpha TV in December as part of their holiday music schedule.

Paragraph 4: In 1996, six previously unknown echo parakeet breeding groups were found in the Black River Gorges, some in areas of the Bel Ombre forest that had not been surveyed before and others within the known breeding range. These almost doubled the number of breeding groups from those seen the previous season. The echo parakeet was made a priority project by the Mauritian Wildlife Foundation following the season's breeding success, and it was decided to initiate a captive breeding programme at the Gerald Durrell Endemic Wildlife Sanctuary. It was discovered that from clutches of three or four eggs, only one chick would usually fledge, so the team began to take the surplus; the parents could more easily raise the brood they were left with, and such surplus chicks would be given to pairs that had failed to hatch their eggs. Many surplus chicks were also taken to the breeding centre where they were reared successfully, and the first three birds bred in captivity were released into the wild in 1997. These and later hand-reared birds were found to be too tame and naive; they would land on people's shoulders, or near cats and mongooses, which subsequently killed them. Jones decided to release the captive-bred birds after nine to ten weeks when fledging would normally occur, instead of seventeen, and these young birds were better at integrating with wild birds, and learning social and survival skills. Captive-bred birds who had learned to use feeding hoppers in captivity passed on this ability to wild birds, and the number of birds that fed at food hoppers and used nest boxes provided by the team increased in the following years. The birds had not used the nest boxes before 2001, after which they were improved in design. By 1998, there were 59–73 birds, including 14 that had been captive bred since 1997.

Paragraph 5: For exceptionally meritorious service to the Government of the United States in a duty of great responsibility as Assistant Commandant of the United States Marine Corps; Commanding General of the Third Marine Brigade; Commanding General of the Third Marine Division; and as Commanding General of the First Marine Amphibious Corps, prior to and during operations against enemy Japanese forces in the South Pacific Area, from 7 December 1941 to 8 October 1943. Assigned command of the Third Marine Brigade in March 1942, Major General Barrett welded this command into a superb fighting unit, advancing his forces to the shores of Western Samoa and organizing positions on Upolu and Savaili Islands. In conjunction with Naval Units stationed on the islands, he established important air and Naval facilities necessary to strengthen the chain of islands across the South Pacific and protect the vital line of communications to Australia. Returning to the United States in September 1942, to take command of the Third Marine Division, he developed a powerful striking force which was later to blast the enemy from his strongholds on Bougainville, Guam and Iwo Jima and thus pave the way for ultimate victory over the Japanese. Relieving the Commanding General of the First Marine Amphibious Corps on 15 September 1943, Major General Barrett, from his Headquarters on Noumea, New Caledonia, aided in formulating strategic plans for the assault on Bougainville which was to end enemy opposition to the important development of the Empress Augusta Bay Area as an Allied Airbase and to advance United States control nearer to the shores of the Japanese Homeland.  Serving in this capacity until his death on 8 October 1943, Major General Barrett instilled in the officers and men under his command his own spirit of determination and, by his sharp military acumen, his forceful leadership and his indomitable courage, served as an inspiration to his gallant Marines in carrying the fight to the enemy.  His conduct throughout reflects the highest credit on the United States Naval Service.  He gallantly gave his life in the service of his country.

Paragraph 6: In 1996, UTJ MK Israel Eichler wrote: "No one prevents anyone else from praying at the wall in his own fashion, but the wall is the last place to carry out a battle for the right of a woman to wear a tallit, read from the Torah, wear a kippa and grow a beard." MK Yaakov Litzman stated that "there is no desecration greater than that of women who come to desecrate the holiness of the Western Wall with all kinds of provocations such as carrying a Torah scroll and other things reserved by Jewish law only to men." In 2009, former chief rabbi Ovadia Yosef said: "There are stupid women who come to the Western Wall, put on a tallit (prayer shawl), and pray... These are deviants who serve equality, not Heaven. They must be condemned and warned of." Rabbi Yosef Reinman suggested that it is "not religious need," but rather "religious politics" which motivates the woman. Prominent Orthodox women have also disapproved of the group. Nehama Leibowitz likened their worship to a form of "sport", and the widow of  Sephardi Chief Rabbi Mordechai Eliyahu said the group had "gone completely mad" and their actions amount to "desecration". Ultra-Orthodox former Jerusalem city councilwoman Mina Fenton said the women are "a fringe group that attracts people who read the prayer book upside down." The Religious Zionist leadership also voiced its concern in May 2013 when a group of influential rabbis issued a letter calling on public figures "not to let a small group offend the thousands of worshippers arriving to pray at this sacred place on a regular basis." They went on to state that "there are those who have been trying in recent years to change the present situation, offending many and tainting the special atmosphere of holiness of this sacred place."

Paragraph 7: Czech Armed Forces – On 25 September 2020, the Czech Ministry of Defense announced that it would begin negotiations with the Israeli government on the acquisition of SPYDER. Rafael said in a 27 September press release that the Czech MoD informed the Israeli MoD’s Directorate of International Defense Cooperation of the decision “[f]ollowing an international tender process, which lasted several years”. The Czech MoD reported that Minister of Defense Lubomír Metnar informed his government that his ministry had decided to begin negotiations with the Israeli government “on the possibility of acquiring a new modern anti-aircraft missile system for the Czech Army … designed to ensure the continuous defense of the airspace of the Czech Republic, especially the protection of troops and urban agglomerations, nuclear power plants, industrial centres, airports and other important facilities.” The SPYDER-MR deal was valued at around $430 million. With deliveries expected in 2023, the SPYDER-MR would replace ageing Soviet-era 2K12 Kub systems, in use by the Czech army since the 1970s. The Czech government announced on 27 September 2021 that it has signed an agreement to purchase four SPYDER batteries. The Czech Ministry of Defense said that the value of the deal was $627 million, and that delivery of the systems was scheduled to be completed by 2026. Under the contract, the Czech defense industry would take part in the program, supplying products and services worth more than 30 percent of its value. The Czech Army was expected to operate the supplied systems for at least 20 years. Combined with spending for maintenance and repairs, the acquisition would cost the country about $1 billion, according to the statement. On 5 October 2021, it was reported that the Israeli Defense Ministry has signed the agreement, worth approximately $520m (ILS2bn). The deal was signed under the guidance of SIBAT, the International Defense Cooperation Directorate of the Ministry. The agreement was signed by IMoD Director-General major general Amir Eshel and Czech Republic Armaments and Acquisition Deputy Minister Lubor Koudelka. Eshel said: “The agreement that we signed today is yet another milestone in the strategic cooperation between our two countries and also reflects the visions of both Ministers Gantz and Metnar to further develop cooperation between Israeli and Czech industries. “This is the first time that Israel will deliver a full air defence system to a NATO country, and we are proud and thrilled that the Czech Republic is the one.”

Paragraph 8: Additional characters and arenas, as well as moves and costumes to be used in the game's create-a-wrestler mode can be unlocked in the new "Smackdown Mall". Players earn in-game currency through gameplay that they can spend to unlock these in-game items. One way players can earn currency is through the game's new single player Championship Mode, which tasks players with winning one of the WWF's various championship titles. There are seven selectable story paths to play through, one for each of the available championships. Each storyline features branching paths that are reached depending on players' decisions made during the story or whether they win or lose certain matches. In-game currency can also be earned by playing the game's survival mode, in which players attempt to defeat as many opponents as possible without being defeated themselves. Players can compete in various match types in Exhibition modes, including the newly added ladder match. As in the previous Nintendo 64 titles, up to four players can compete in the same match. The game also features new arenas to wrestle in, as well as introducing backstage areas in which players can brawl using various weapons and objects in the environment. This would be the first and subsequently only game in the AKI series wbich allowed players to fight backstage.

Paragraph 9: Krishnam acted in Bantrotu Bharya, which marks the first collaboration of Krishnam Raju with Dasari Narayana Rao. Later he acted in the critically acclaimed film Krishnaveni opposite Vanisri, directed by V. Madhusudhana Rao. The film marks the debut of Krishnam Raju as a producer under his own production house Gopi Krishna Movies. Later he acted in Parivartana opposite Jamuna, Kanchana and Lakshmi and in Bharati opposite Jamuna, Iddaru Iddare and Yavvanam Katesindi. Later he acted in Bhakta Kannappa portraying the roles of Arjuna and Kannappa Nayanar directed by Bapu, which is the unique Telugu film to win the National Film Award for Best Audiography. Later he acted in Kurukshetram portraying the role of Karna, directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao. Later he acted in Amaradeepam, which marks the first collaboration of Krishnam Raju with K. Raghavendra Rao. The film earned him the Filmfare Best Actor Award (Telugu) and the Nandi Award for Best Actor for the year 1977. Later he acted in films such as Jeevana Teeralu, Manushulu Chesina Dongalu and Sati Savitri. Later he acted in the lavishly made Katakataala Rudraiah, which grossed , made on a budget of . Later he acted in Mana Voori Pandavulu, produced by him and Jaya Krishna. The film garnered the Filmfare Best Film Award (Telugu) for the year 1978 and Krishnam Raju shared the award with Jaya Krishna. Katakataala Rudraiah and Mana Voori Pandavulu were released within a gap of 10 days and both the films became blockbusters. Later he acted in films such as Ramabanam, Andadu Aagadu in which he acts in a role of a spy which is parallel to James Bond and the film became a smash hit. Later he acted in Rangoon Rowdy, Shri Vinayaka Vijayamu portraying the role of Lord Shiva. Later he acted in films such as Shivamettina Satyam, Kalyana Chakravarti and Alludu Pattina Bharatam, which was directed by K. Viswanath. Later he acted in Sita Ramulu, Bebbuli and Prema Tarangalu, the Telugu remake of 1978 Bollywood blockbuster Muqaddar Ka Sikandar. In 1981, he acted in Aadavaallu Meeku Joharlu directed by K. Balachander. In the same year he acted in Agni Poolu which was based on Yaddanapudi Sulochana Rani's novel of the same name. Later he acted in the musical hit, Puli Bidda, Taxi Driver, Ragile Jwala, Guvvala Janta, Rama Lakshmanulu, Madhura Swapnam, Talli Kodukula Anubandham, Nipputo Chelagaatam, Golconda Abbulu, Jaggu, Pralaya Rudrudu and critically acclaimed Trishulam. Later he acted in Nijam Chebite Nerama!, Adavi Simhalu, Puli Bebbuli, Kotikokkadu and Dharmaatmudu.

Paragraph 10: Other spots were for the "White Rose and Lilac Virginity Restoration Clinic", "WEBN's Tree Frog Beer" Starting 1st with "The Sleezy People's Beer" and then years later with "It doesn't taste like much but it sure gets you there", and a spoof on the Rambo movies entitled "Sambo: Real Blood Part Four" featuring an african-american superhero driving a rescue Cadillac and yelling "Hey Chin Ho, Ronnie Reagan says you can kiss his white butt!" before a jet fly-over drowns out the last word. A crossover between these spots in fantasy and reality occurred in 1972 when Hudepohl Beer allowed some of its product for the Cincinnati area to be wrapped in faux labels for "WEBN's Tree Frog Beer, The Sleezy People's Beer", Tree B. Frog and his best friend Tyrone Z. Dragonfly soon became household mascots for the station. The station markets t-shirts and sweaters with the station's mascot Tree B. Frog for August just before the annual fireworks, as well for December with a holiday version.  The tag line for Brute Force Cybernetics was "The company that creates a need and then fills it." The station began referring to itself with monikers and slogans like, "RRRRRRIBBIT!", "Radio That Makes You Feel Good!", "For Something Different On Your Radio...", "Lighten Up!", "A Different Kind Of A Radio Station", "The Rock 'N' Roll Station", "The Classic Rock 'N' Roll Station", "Rockin' Stereo!", "Cincinnati's Undisputed Champion Of Rock 'N' Roll!", "The Last Great Untamed Radio Station In North America", "WEBN Rocks Cincinnati!", "Good, Clean, Fun!", "Turn Us On, Tune Us In, And Crank It Up!", "Frog 'Em!", "It Must Be WEBN!", "Go Rock Yourself!", "Shut Up And Rock!", "It's Not Just The Size, It's The Frequency", "OutFrogRageous!", "No Pussies Allowed", "Cincinnati's Rock Station And The Home Of The Kidd Chris Show!", "Step Aside Small Change!", "WEBN, The Lunatic Fringe", and the 1988 version "The Lunatic Fringe Of American FM", these 2 slogans come from Red Rider's song Lunatic Fringe.

Paragraph 11: The designers are given a budgeted stipend to select and purchase fabric and notions, and then provided a limited amount of time to finish their designs (the shortest being 5 hours and the longest being two or three days, with the exception of fashion week when they are given 12 weeks). Often, the designers work independently, although on some challenges, contestants must work in teams or as a single collective group. Once the deadline is reached, the designers must dress their models and select their hair, make-up, and accessories. Each model walks down the runway, and the garment the contestant made is rated by a panel of judges, who score each look in several categories from 0 to 5, and often provide personal annotations and comments regarding the presented designs. Each contestant does a voice-over while the model is walking down the runway. The judges then interview the remaining designers (usually six) who garnered the highest and the lowest scores (usually a top 3 and a bottom 3), and share their opinions while listening to the designers' defense of their outfits, then confer as a group in private. The panel then announces the winning and losing designers based on their scores and other considerations. Typically, the winner receives immunity for the next challenge, and therefore cannot be eliminated. As the season progresses, immunity is disregarded during later challenges to prevent the designers from getting an easy pass in the final & crucial rounds of the competition. Other incentives given to the contestants aside from winning immunity include:  The winning garment may be featured in print media, integrated into a limited edition look for a particular clothing brand, or sold at an online fashion store (e.g., BlueFly.com beginning in Season 4 onwards). Generally, the loser of each challenge is eliminated from the competition, with host Klum giving him or her a double air kiss on the runway and wishing the eliminated designer farewell her catchphrase, Auf Wiedersehen (formal German for goodbye – literal translation "until we meet again"), before they depart. Thus, elimination from the show is sometimes called "being auf'd"—a play on words as it can be interpreted as offed—and designers who receive an unusually large amount of camera time, solely to lay a predicate for their elimination from the show, are occasionally described as receiving "the 'auf' edit".

Paragraph 12: The engine entered production in 1950 as the RA.3/Mk.101 with  thrust in the English Electric Canberra B.2. Similar versions were used in the Canberra B.6, Hawker Hunter and Supermarine Swift. Uprated versions followed, the RA.7/Mk.114 with  thrust in the de Havilland Comet C.2, the RA.14/Mk.201,  in the Vickers Valiant and the RA.26,  used in the Comet C.3 and Hawker Hunter F.6. An Avon-powered de Havilland Comet 4 flew the first scheduled transatlantic jet service in 1958. The highest thrust version was the RA.29 Mk.301/2 (RB.146) used in later versions of the English Electric Lightning. It produced  with afterburning. Other aircraft to use the Avon included the de Havilland Sea Vixen, Supermarine Scimitar  and Fairey Delta2.

Paragraph 13: At AAA's previous major event, Rey de Reyes on March 18, 2012, rudo stable El Consejo picked up their first win in AAA, when Máscara Año 2000 Jr., El Texano Jr. and Toscano defeated Dr. Wagner Jr., Electroshock and Heavy Metal in a six-man tag team match, with Máscara Año 2000 Jr. pinning Wagner Jr. for the win, following interference from El Consejo'''s masked accomplice El Hombre de Negro ("The Man in black"). In the weeks that followed Rey de Reyes, Máscara Año 2000 Jr. kept making challenges towards Wagner Jr. for a singles match, while El Consejo as a whole also feuded with Chessman, Silver King and Último Gladiador of rudo stable La Sociedad. This would, on April 30, drive longtime rivals and real-life brothers, Wagner Jr. and Silver King to make peace with each other and team up against Máscara Año 2000 Jr. and El Texano Jr. After losing as a result of another interference from El Hombre de Negro, the brothers shook hands to signal the end of hostilities between the two. On June 1, Máscara Año 2000 Jr. pinned Wagner Jr. in a rematch from April 30 and afterwards challenged him to a Mask vs. Mask Lucha de Apuestas, which Wagner Jr. accepted and named Triplemanía XX as the place, where he wanted the match to take place. A third match between Máscara Año 2000 Jr. and El Texano and the Wagner brothers took place on June 16 and ended with El Consejo picking another win with help from El Hombre de Negro, who during a post-match beatdown unmasked and revealed himself as Máscara Año 2000, the legitimate father of Máscara Año 2000 Jr., who on April 30, 1993, had lost his mask to Perro Aguayo in the semi-main event of the first Triplemanía. In an interview on AAA's NotiAAA program, Máscara Año 2000 Jr. accepted the Mask vs. Mask match for Triplemanía XX and vowed to prove his family's superiority over the Wagner family by placing Wagner Jr.'s mask in his family's display cabinet. On June 30, Máscara Año 2000 Jr. defeated Wagner Jr. in a singles match with help from his father, after which the Mask vs. Mask match was made official for Triplemanía XX. On July 27 at the final AAA television taping before Triplemanía XX, the promotion recreated a famous segment from 1993, when Máscara Año 2000 hit Perro Aguayo with a glass bottle prior to their Triplemanía match, by having Máscara Año 2000 Jr. hit Dr. Wagner Jr. with a glass bottle to a win a No Disqualification match between the two, leaving his adversary bloodied in the ring heading into their Mask vs. Mask match.

Paragraph 14: The painting on the top right, is called "The Queen and Her Suite." This picture above has nothing do with shown costumes. This was a parade that was being held in Brazil in the King and Queen of Brazil in their honours. Carlos Julião attended drawing classes which prepared Portuguese officers assigned around the empire to collect visual information about the peoples and territories colonized by the Portuguese. For six years, Julião served in India and illustrated a manuscript called "Noticia Summária do Gentilismo na Ásia", where with drawings and texts he reproduced Hindu beliefs of Brahman tradition. These images are included in the catalogue "Riscos Iluminados de Figurinhos de Negros e Brancos dos Uzos do Rio de Janeiro e Serro Frio" maintained by the National Library in Rio de Janeiro, which was published in 1960. The title of the catalogue refers to 43 watercolor drawings portraying indigenous, military, costumes, slaves and their activities including diamond mining. Ethnographic representations of colonial Brazil; an ethnographic record of great utility to the authorities that run the empire. In the same catalogue are also included 33 drawings of Peruvian indigenous ceramic objects and textiles, confiscated from a Spanish shipwreck at Peniche in Portugal. On the back of these drawings, there are watercolor sketches representing the culture of Portugal’s central plateau where Peniche is located. The three groups of illustrations related to India, Brazil and Peru were published in 1960 by the National Library but they were already property of the institution since 1947, after they were acquired from an anonymous seller, residing in the United States. Its publication in 1960 commemorated the 500th anniversary of Prince Henry, the navigator along with various events and publications which happened that year simultaneously in Portugal and Brazil. Less known but also published that year in the exhibition catalogue "Engenharia Militar no Brasil e no Ultramar Português Antigo e Moderno", are the two works preserved by the department of archaeological studies in military engineering at Lisbon. One is illustrated on the top by a view of the city of Salvador da Bahia taken from the bay, with the building numbered with legends. Other elements were added to the composition, such as the plans of the city fortresses and similar figures to the "Riscos Iluminados" catalogue, representing the city’s population of masters and slaves. The other work shows four views of the city ports of Rio, Goa, Daman e Macao, as well as various figures representing those regions of the empire.

Paragraph 15: In 2014, Son began her season competing at the 2014 Moscow Grand Prix finishing 6th in the all-around, at the event finals she won bronze medals in ribbon, clubs and hoop. Son then competed at the 2014 Stuttgart World Cup finishing 7th in All-around, she qualified to 3 event finals: she took silver in ribbon, placed 8th in ball and 5th in hoop. Son won her first gold medal in the World Cup at the 2014 Lisbon World Cup becoming the first Asian and Korean rhythmic gymnast to win and medal in the All-around. She scored a total of 71.200 points ahead of Melitina Staniouta (silver) and World Cup debutante Dina Averina (bronze). In the event finals, Son became the first Asian and Korean rhythmic gymnast to win 3 gold medals (in ball, clubs, ribbon) and won bronze in hoop behind Staniouta and Maria Titova. She followed with her next event at the 2014 Pesaro World Cup, where Son finished 5th in all-around and won silver in clubs and bronze in ball final. In 30 May – 1 June, Son competed at the 2014 Minsk World Cup and finished 10th in all-around, she qualified to 3 event finals and won a silver in hoop, bronze in ribbon. In 8–10 August, Son competed at the 2014 Sofia World Cup and won the all-around bronze medal with a total of 70.250 points. She qualified to 4 event finals: taking 2 bronze medals (in hoop, ball), 4th in clubs and 5th in ribbon. In 5–7 September, competing at the 2014 World Cup series in Kazan, Russia, Son finished 5th in the all-around behind Katsiaryna Halkina with a total of 69.750 points. She qualified to 3 event finals taking bronze in hoop, placed 5th in ball and 6th in clubs. In 22–27 September, Son represented Korea at the 2014 World Championships, she qualified to 4 event finals, where she won bronze medal in hoop (where she became the first Korean rhythmic gymnast to win a medal at the World Championships, placed 4th in clubs, 5th in ribbon and ball. In the All-around finals, Son finished 4th with a total score of 70.933 points and came on top among the Asian participants, beating her Chinese rival Deng Senyue, who finished 5th by a margin of 1.167 points. Son then flew to her home country in Incheon, Korea for the 2014 Asian Games where she won the gold medal becoming the first Korean to win rhythmic gymnastics in the Asian Games. Son was named the best athlete of the year 42 percent of the votes ahead of Kim Yuna with 33.3 percent votes and was awarded the MBN Women Sports Award 2014 in Seoul.

Paragraph 16: In 1995–96 Magle composed a symphonic Lego Fantasia in three movements for piano and symphony orchestra, commissioned by the Lego Group. It was premiered on 24 August 1997 at a concert in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle by the London Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by David Parry, with Magle himself on piano. In 1998 the same performers recorded the work for a CD released by the Lego Group. Also in 1998 he was commissioned to write a work for Amnesty International: he composed Flammer for Frihed (Flames for Freedom) for solo piano. The piece was printed in a book of the same title containing essays by 24 Danes (including then prime minister Poul Nyrup Rasmussen, former prime minister Poul Schlüter, Tøger Seidenfaden, Ghita Nørby, and others). Edited by Monica Ritterband, the book was published on the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. On 22 November 1998 Magle's Cantata to Saint Cecilia for soloists, choir, children's choir, and chamber orchestra was given its first performance at the Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek in Copenhagen. The following year it was recorded and released on the album Cæciliemusik (Music for Saint Cecilia) by the Danish Cæciliekoret (The Cecilia Choir) conducted by Gunnar Svensson with the soloists Birgitte Ewerlöf (soprano), Tuva Semmingsen (alto), and Jørgen Ditlevsen (bass). The cantata's text is by the author Iben Krogsdal; based on the story of Saint Cecilia, who died in a gruesome way for her Christian faith, it has been described as "moderate modernism" with a special "Danish tone" and a transparent chamber musical instrumentation.

Paragraph 17: When Mavis returned the bathroom key, she sees a man who she believes is Frank looking at her car. He has let his hair grow out and is wearing a leather jacket and chains with a shirt open to the navel. She looks again and he's gone. She is worried that he recognized the car because the license plate is still the same. She goes out to her car and pays the attendant. The man appears in her rightside mirror. Mavis freaks out and drives away without thinking of what road she needed to get on. She becomes lost and then runs out of gas. She drinks alcohol that Frank had left in the car and goes to sleep. The next morning she gets out of the car and decides to walk and find a place to help her. She walks a long way and finds a house on a farm lot. She meets a woman outside named Connie. Connie is nice to her and feeds her. Soane Morgan comes to the house and gives Connie new sunglasses. Connie asks Soane to help her get gasoline for Mavis. Sloane takes Mavis to a gas station where a young black man takes Mavis back to her car with the gasoline. The man talks to Mavis and says how he thinks Connie is strange. She returns with her car to the house. She learns that it was a nun's house and a school for Indians. She also gets to meet Mother Mary Magna who had a light coming from her.  She was the leader figure of the convent house. Mavis stayed at the convent instead of going to California; however, she left the convent off and on but she was there in 1976. She knew for months that there was sourness between the town and the convent ...

Paragraph 18: In the early-morning hours of July 7, 1977, around 2 a.m. Yale graduate Richard Herrin bludgeoned his ex-girlfriend, Yale college senior Bonnie Garland, to death with a hammer as she lay sleeping in her parents' Scarsdale, New York, home because she wanted to end their relationship. The two college students had been dating for approximately two years at the time that Herrin graduated and moved to Texas to attend a graduate program. Over the next year Garland and Herrin grew apart. Garland wanted to date other people. Concerned about it, Herrin arranged, with Garland's knowledge, to come to Scarsdale to discuss their relationship. Her parents, not knowing there was trouble in the relationship, allowed him to stay at their home. Garland told Herrin on July 6, 1977, she wanted to break off their relationship. He was to leave the next day. He was staying in a guest room on the opposite end of the home. During the early morning hours of July 7, 1977, Herrin went down to the basement and found a hammer. He wrapped it in a towel to conceal it. He then went up three flights of stairs to Garland's room. As stated in the testimony, he left the hammer outside the door and went in to confirm she was asleep. He then went back out into the hallway, unwrapped the hammer, went back into the room and, using the claw end of the hammer, smashed her skull to pieces.

Paragraph 19: The new aircraft was a minimum change derivative of the T-2, with the rear cockpit being converted to an avionics bay by removing the rear seat, and replacing the canopy with a simple unglazed access hatch. Two additional hardpoints were fitted under the wing to allow carriage of a heavier weapon load, and the avionics were improved, with a new  J/AWG-12 radar set, similar to the AN/AWG-12 fitted in British Royal Air Force F-4M Phantom fighter jets. This set provides ranging information. Aside from the avionics changes, deletion of the rear seat, and new one-piece canopy, the only other major change from the T-2 was the strengthening of the airframe to enable it to carry a larger weapons load than the T-2. The F-1 is fitted with an internally mounted 20 mm JM61A1 Vulcan cannon with 750 rounds of ammunition. The aircraft also has seven external hardpoints for the carriage of a wide variety of stores (missiles, gun pods, etc.). The fuselage hardpoint and inboard pair of underwing hardpoints are plumbed for external fuel tanks to increase the aircraft's range. The primary weapon of the F-1 is the ASM-1 and the newer ASM-2 long-range anti-ship missile. This weapon is roughly in the class of the American AGM-84 Harpoon or French AM.39 Exocet. Other weapons carried include the all-aspect short-range heat-seeking AIM-9 Sidewinder air-to-air missile for air-to-air combat. This weapon is carried on the wingtip rails usually, but it can also be carried on the outboard underwing hardpoints for the F-1's secondary air defense role. Other air-to-ground weapons carried include rocket pods (JLAU-3/A) of 70 mm (2.75 in) size as well as bombs of 227 kg (500 lb) and 340 kg (750 lb) in size (Mk82 and M117 respectively). In addition, the Mk-82 and M117 bombs can be fitted with infrared guidance kits, turning them into precision-guided weapons that home in on heat radiation emitted from seaborne targets such as ships or other ground-based targets. When fitted with this kit, the bomb becomes known as GCS-1.

Paragraph 20: Satin Rouge follows widowed Tunisian mother Lilia, (Hiam Abbas) as she radically transforms from housewife to cabaret dancer. Her transformation begins when she becomes suspicious of her teenage daughter, Selma (Hend el Fahem) of engaging in a secret relationship with Chokri (Maher Kamoun), a darbouka drummer in Selma's dance class. To find out more, Lilia decides to follow Chokri one day. On her escapade, she follows him into his second workplace: a cabaret club. After overcoming her initial shock, Lilia becomes drawn towards the dancers and drum music. The women are very different from Lilia: they wear colourful clothing, they are showing their midriffs, and they are dancing in a sensual manner to the drumbeat. After befriending the lead dancer, Folla (Monia Hichri), Lilia is convinced to start dancing in the cabaret club. While Lilia begins dancing nightly, she simultaneously begins a romantic relationship with Chokri, who is still unaware that Lilia is Selma's mother. When Chokri ends his affair with Lilia, she is heartbroken. She later finds out it is because Selma has asked Chokri to meet her and Chokri, realizing his relationship with Selma is getting serious, accepts. The uneasy 'first' meeting Selma organizes between Chokri and Lilia solidifies Lilia's full transformation. When at the start of the film she is seen as a sad, bored, and submissive woman who rarely leaves the comforts of home, she is now a dominant matriarchal figure, which is reestablished with Lilia's glance in the mirror at herself prior to Chokri and Selma's arrival."Typically, in Arab films and Tunisian films you have a woman who is in conflict with the society, and she'll fight against it. I didn't want that. That was not my subject. Lilia, the character played by Haim Abbass, actually finds her freedom in the context of what I call social hypocrisy. She is involved in a society that is hypocritical in the sense that there are two worlds out there: the world of the night and the world of the day. What you do--what you really do--you do not show. She finds a compromise in the sense that society is like that. She just adapts to society. She does what she wants, but she doesn't show it to the world." -Raja Amari, Indiewire, August 20, 2002Amari’s work, particularly Red Satin has been argued to have opened up new avenues and opportunities for the portrayal of Tunisian women in film and society. Author Stacey Weber-Fève asserts that Amari’s portrayal of the protagonist, Lilia, performing housework in the first few scenes of the film, “captures concretely the possibility for (re)appropriating female representation in contemporary North African cinema.” She also asserts that Amari, “levies new debates addressing interpretations of performances of women’s traditional roles and desire for self-expression in contemporary Tunisian society by engaging in a multilayered manner the ideological implications of this traditional social construct of the housewife and her comportment.”

Paragraph 21: In 1966 she was already working as an editor and senior editor in the  team led by David Murison of the Scottish National Dictionary, whose editor was A.J. Aitken. From 1973 to 1985, she was editor-in-chief of the Concise Scots Dictionary. While the Scottish National Dictionary was one valuable source, covering in ten volumes the Scots language from 1700 onward, the need for a concise edition had already been expressed by Denton Fox, some twenty years prior to the publication of the Concise Scots Dictionary. The latter also drew from the equally majestic Dictionary of the Older Scottish Tongue, covering the language from the 12th century to 1700, that at the time was still incomplete in its publication. The endeavor of covering such a wide time period in a concise publication would have been a daunting one to anyone, with the need to account for sound changes over time, regional dialects and countless variations of spelling. Mairi Robinson's team addressed all these needs compiling a much useful introduction and notes, making easy to cross-reference words to their sources, providing etymology, chronology and their geographical range. The aim was to be all-inclusive, and accessible to every reader who require agile access to the Scot language. The difficulty to achieve conciseness was overcome by including only words for which three quotations could be found. The pronunciation was given according to the extensive phonetic system developed by A.J. Aitken, accompanied by a resourceful table that allowed to recreate the sound of a word in Early, Middle and Modern Scots, all in one handy volume. The dictionary was published again in a new edition in 1997, within the Chamber series, with the name of Chamber 21st century dictionary. Comments and reviews of both editions in the press included "inside, all is well. The clarity of thought and usage associated with Scotland shines from every page, the typography and layout is as clear and as elegant as the definitions", and "The importance of this single volume with its wealth of etymological, regional and grammatical information should never be underestimated and the Scots community would be much poorer without it". Denton Fox said that he never expected that his wishes for an abridged version of a Scots dictionary would be met so sumptuously. Adam Fergusson described it as a splendid volume and, of course, far more wieldy than the majestic Scottish National Dictionary on which it draws in full.

Paragraph 22: As evidence of James Wood's eccentricity and religious fervour Lucy described the interior of the house he bought and had decorated in preparation for his marriage and the family he intended to raise there. In every room, painted friezes carried religious mottos such as "He that giveth to the poor shall not lack", "Honour thy father and thy mother" and "The soul is not where it lives but where it loves". But what she described as "the triumph of eccentricity" was the drawing room. Her father had visited the Holy Land and had brought back many things with the idea of creating what she described as "a holy and uplifting room". There was a continuous frieze of a painted landscape representing the journey from Jerusalem to Jericho, while from the ceiling hung antique brass lamp-holders such as might have hung in Solomon’s Temple. Recesses in the walls were divided by wooden arcades of the Moorish onion shape and there were many beautiful objects made of brass, as well as other rarities displayed in a glass-fronted cupboard. Lucy said: "This unexpected room did not look at all like a Kardomah Café as you might think. It looked like a gentleman’s enthusiastic and satisfied near-lunacy."

Paragraph 23: On April 9, 2011, Jake Crist was invited to compete in Combat Zone Wrestling's "Best Of The Best X" representing Insanity Pro Wrestling. Jake Crist would go on to lose in the first round losing against Sami Callihan in a triple threat match that also involved A. R. Fox. The next night on April 10, 2011 at CZW's "International Incident" Jake Crist would go on to wrestle Jon Moxley in Moxley's final match in CZW in another losing effort. After the match Jake would be attacked by both Moxley and Robert Anthony until Devon Moore made the save. Jake Crist returned to CZW on May 14, 2011 in a losing effort against Ryan Mcbride however fans chanted Please Come Back after the match. On June 11, 2011 at CZW "Prelude To Violence" Jake Crist was told by CZW Owner D. J. Hyde that if Crist wanted a CZW Contract then he would have to go and defeat Sami Callihan.  Callihan would go on to defeat Jake Crist again. After the match both men showed respect by shaking hands. Adam Cole and Mia Yim would come down to mock Callihan. During the verbal confrontation D. J. Hyde would come out and lariat Callihan. Jake Crist would try to save Callihan but wound up attacked by D. J. Hyde. On July 9, 2011 at CZW "New Heights" A. R. Fox would offer a CZW Wired TV Championship title match to Jake Crist. Jake Crist would go on to gain his first win in CZW by defeating A. R. Fox to become the new CZW Wired TV Champion. Jake's Brother, Dave Crist would also make his CZW debut celebrating with his brother on title win. On September 10, 2011, Jake Crist was originally supposed to defend his newly won title against Chrisjen Hayme. However, Hayme would withdraw from the match and be replaced by Dustin Rayz. Jake Crist would go on to retain against Dustin Rayz. Dave Crist though, would show more concern about his brothers TV title than in Jake Crists well being. After the show Dustin Rayz would confront the Irish Airborne about Dave getting involved in his match against Jake. Rayz would then challenge Dave Crist at CZW "Cerebral". Dave would go one to win that match. Jake Crist successfully defended his Wired TV title against Latin Dragon earlier that night. On April 14, 2012, Dave defeated Jake with a low blow to win the CZW Wired TV Championship. Upon entering CZW, the Irish Airborne formed the Ohio is 4 Killers stable with Nevaeh and Sami Callihan.

Paragraph 24: Gardner was educated at Eagle House School, Sandhurst, Wellington College and Exeter College, Oxford, where he was the Hubert Parry organ scholar. An important figure in his early life was Hubert J. Foss of Oxford University Press, who published the Intermezzo for Organ in 1936 and introduced him to the composer Arthur Benjamin, to whom Gardner dedicated his Rhapsody for Oboe and String Quartet (1935). This work had its first performance at the Wigmore Hall in February 1936. The String Quartet No. 1 (1938) was broadcast from Paris by the Blech Quartet in 1939, and the anthem The Holy Son of God most High (1938) was also published by OUP. At Oxford Gardner was friendly with Theodor Adorno with whom he played piano duets. An article about Gardner's time at Oxford is published in the British Music Society journal(

Paragraph 25: Mahendra was born on 19 May 1939 into a Eelam Tamil family in the village Amirthakali near Batticaloa, Sri Lanka. Born to a professor father, he did his schooling at Methodist Central College and St. Michael's College National School. As a teenager, he was drawn towards films by his class teacher. It was during this time he happened to see Bicycle Thieves (1948) and Battleship Potemkin (1925). When he was at the sixth grade, he got an opportunity to witness the making of David Lean's The Bridge on the River Kwai (shot in Sri Lanka) during a school field trip. Inspired by Lean's personality, Mahendra determined to become a film-maker.

Paragraph 26: The Chosen Family was a Canadian comic strip, written and drawn by Winnipeg cartoonist Noreen Stevens from 1987 to 2004. The strip evolved from an earlier project, Local Access Only, published in the University of Manitoba newspaper, The Manitoban. The Chosen Family used social and political satire to shine a light on late 20th century queer experience through Stevens' lens as lesbian feminist. It featured four on-going characters, lesbians Kenneth-Marie and Weed, whose relationship was undefined, and the couple's friends and neighbours, Puddin' Head and The Straight Chick Upstairs. Later the strip also featured Kenneth-Marie and Weed's two fostered/adopted children, a daughter named Rosebud and an unnamed son.

Paragraph 27: Moving or copying all (or nearly all) genes from one animal to form a second, genetically nearly identical, animal is usually done through one of three methods: the Roslin technique, the Honolulu technique, and Artificial Twinning.  The first two of these involve a process known as somatic cell nuclear transfer. In this process, an oocyte is taken from a surrogate mother and put through enucleation, a process that removes the nucleus from inside the oocyte. Somatic cells are then taken from the animal that is being cloned, transferred into the blank oocyte in order to provide genetic material, and fused with the oocyte using an electrical current. The oocyte is then activated and re-inserted into the surrogate mother. The end result is the formation of an animal that is almost genetically identical to the animal the somatic cells were taken from. While somatic cell nuclear transfer was previously believed to only work using genetic material from somatic cells that were unfrozen or were frozen with cryoprotectant (to avoid cell damage caused by freezing), successful dog cloning in various breeds has now been shown using somatic cells from unprotected specimens that had been frozen for up to four days. Another method of cloning includes embryo splitting, the process of taking the blastomeres from a very early animal embryo and separating them before they become differentiated in order to create two or more separate organisms. When using embryo splitting, cloning must occur before the birth of the animal, and clones grow up at the same time (in a similar fashion to monozygotic twins).

Paragraph 28: In the following years, Goldstein would continue his research in otolaryngology, but deaf education would remain at the forefront of his professional life as he was "frustrated by the futility of contemporary medical treatment and the education provided to the deaf." He developed a compassion for the families burdened with the struggles of inadequate care and education for the deaf. His concern for providing a better education would begin the foundations of the Central Institute for the Deaf (CID). Goldstein began using his own house at Vandeventer and Westminster Place in St. Louis, MO as his office, utilizing his downstairs area as "a waiting room, offices, examination rooms, and an operating room," while the rest of the Goldstein family lived on the upstairs level. Only months after converting his home into his clinic space, an additional area was built onto the back side of the house for postoperative patients to temporarily live, which Goldstein respectively called "the hospital." In 1910 a woman came to Goldstein seeking his help in educating her daughter, who was deaf. He allowed the child to live in "the hospital" while he would work with her in scholastics and other speech practices on a daily basis. Soon after her admittance, word spread of his work and the number of requests for children to work with Goldstein surpassed what he alone could handle. In 1914, he hired two teachers of the deaf to work with just four children. By 1916, this small operation had outgrown not just the two teachers, but Goldstein's entire house. With this predicament the first CID building was constructed on South Kingshighway. This building housed 38 students and 11 teachers all devoted to deaf education. By the time of his death, CID would be internationally acclaimed and would have more than 300 enrolled students from the U.S., as well as several foreign countries. In 1929, the second school building was constructed on South Euclid Avenue where CID expanded into adult auditory rehabilitation. At this time the training standards for teachers of the deaf were raised, requiring two years of pre-professional college education and a two-year professional curriculum, to ensure the highest quality education possible for their deaf students. While the intention of CID was the education of deaf children, "a second mission of great importance was the training of teachers of the deaf." Goldstein was noted to go out of his way to personally instruct the newly hired teachers in deaf education methods. By the time of his death the institute had seen over 700 trained teachers employed to further deaf education.

Paragraph 29: The first and second Gymnopédies were arranged by Dick Halligan for the group Blood, Sweat & Tears under the title "Variations on a Theme by Erik Satie" on the group's eponymous album, released in 1968. The recording received a Grammy Award the following year for Best Contemporary Instrumental Performance. In 1980, Gary Numan produced a track called " (First Movement)", which appeared on the B-side of the single "We Are Glass". A sample of Gymnopédie No. 1 is featured in the 2001 Janet Jackson single "Someone to Call My Lover", peaking at number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100. Gymnopédies have been heard in numerous movies and television shows. Examples include the documentary Man on Wire, Wes Anderson's The Royal Tenenbaums, and Woody Allen's Another Woman, all of which use Gymnopédie No. 1 in their soundtracks. The 2010 Japanese animated drama film The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya prominently features all three Gymnopédies, and they are included in the film's soundtrack release as a bonus disc, including Satie's Gnossiennes and his composition "Je te veux". Mother 3 also features Gymnopédie No. 1 in its soundtrack as Leder's Gymnopedie. In 2007,  arranged the first and the third Gymnopédie for The 12 Cellists of the Berlin Philharmonic. Jack DeJohnette included a tribute to Gymnopédies in his 2016 album Return. In 2018, Fernando Perdomo included a portion of Gymnopedie No. 1 on his album Out to Sea. In 2021, violinist Fenella Humphreys released an arrangement of Gymnopedie No.1 for violin.

Paragraph 30: When Jonathan and Caesar go to a nightclub for an audition, the performance is poorly received. The following day, Jonathan is unable to find employment because of his lack of vocational experience and his immigrant status; he may soon leave the boarding house because he is behind on his rent. Caesar berates Jonathan for being a hopeless "clod", but has a solution to his money woes: burglary. A reluctant Jonathan—directed by Caesar in his suitcase—breaks into a delicatessen and steals its money. Jonathan uses it to pay his rent, but Caesar, during a conversation overheard by Susan, pressures him into committing more burglaries.