Paragraph 1: Eric Koenig appears in the live-action Marvel Cinematic Universe television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., portrayed by Patton Oswalt. Introduced in the episode "Providence", he was assigned to Nick Fury's secret S.H.I.E.L.D. base, Providence, and assists Phil Coulson and his team following S.H.I.E.L.D.'s downfall until Koenig is murdered off-screen by Hydra double agent Grant Ward. Oswalt returned in the season one finale "Beginning of the End" as Eric's twin brother Billy Koenig, who oversees a S.H.I.E.L.D. base called the "Playground". In addition to appearing as Billy in the second season, Oswalt also portrays Eric and Billy's other brother Sam Koenig in the episode "...Ye Who Enter Here". Sam helps Billy protect Inhuman Raina from Hydra agents until Coulson's team arrive. In the season four episode "Hot Potato Soup", two more Koenig siblings are revealed: Thurston Koenig, a slam poet activist who is not a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent as he refers to them as a bunch of "sheep" for allowing Eric to die, and an older sister named L.T. Koenig (portrayed by Artemis Pebdani), who got her younger siblings to join S.H.I.E.L.D. and constantly picks on them. Billy, Sam, and L.T. try to hide the Darkhold from the Watchdogs and Holden Radcliffe, but they discover too late that Agent Melinda May was replaced by one of Radcliffe's LMDs. By the end of the episode, the Koenigs confirm that they are all human, though they were part of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s original LMD program. In the season seven premiere "The New Deal", Coulson's team travel back in time to 1931 New York City and meet the Koenig siblings' grandfather, Ernest "Hazard" Koenig, who runs a speakeasy that goes on to become an asset to S.H.I.E.L.D.'s predecessor, the Strategic Scientific Reserve, and a S.H.I.E.L.D. safehouse under the pseudonym Gemini. Following an encounter with the agents, Ernest discovers his employee, Wilfred "Freddy" Malick, is the father of future Hydra leader, Gideon Malick. In the episode "Know Your Onions", Ernest is given a glimpse of the future when he meets the agents' Chronicom ally Enoch and is brought aboard the agents' airship, Zephyr One, to help save Freddy from rebel Chronicoms. After the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents leave 1931 to pursue the Chronicoms, Ernest hires a stranded Enoch to become his new bartender in exchange for information on how he, his speakeasy, and his descendants will help S.H.I.E.L.D. in the future.

Paragraph 2: Sometime in the late 1850s or early 1860s, Conrad Hambrecht settled in section 21 of Le Roy Township on the Upper Iowa River near the Old Village of Leroy.  An earthen dam was later built on the river and Hambrecht's land sat along the small lake that was created.  Hambrecht set aside this part of land for recreation and he later donated the land, then called Wildwood Park, to the city of Le Roy with the stipulation that it be used as a park.  The original dam was washed away and the citizens of Le Roy rebuilt it and named the body of water "Lake Louise" for Hambrecht's sister.  In 1961 local advocates arranged a visit by state park officials, who agreed that Wildwood Park could be expanded into a state park.  The land was transferred to the state of Minnesota and in 1963 Lake Louise State Park was created by an act of the Minnesota Legislature.  At that time it contained only the lake and .  The boundaries have been expanded since, but usage remains primarily local.  A 1971 internal study recommended that the park be remanded to the county as a regional recreation area, but no such action was ever taken.

Paragraph 3: Sally Carrighar (1898–1985) was born Dorothy Wagner before adopting her grandmother's name. An American naturalist and writer, she is known for her series of nature books chronicling the lives of wild animals. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, and partially disfigured at birth with nerve damage by the use of high forceps that also broke her mother's coccyx, she had a difficult childhood. During a time of convalescence for heart disease and depression, she "developed a remarkable communication with birds that came to feed at her windowsill and a mouse living in her radio, and in a flash she realized that she could write about birds and animals."

Paragraph 4: In the 2002 ATP Masters Series of Canada, an unseeded Cañas won his first ATP Masters Series title in Toronto, defeating Andy Roddick 6–4, 7–5 in the final. Cañas's path to the final saw him defeat a renowned set of players, including world number two Marat Safin, and top-ten ranked Yevgeny Kafelnikov and Roger Federer. Cañas was also the first Argentine to win the Canada Open since Guillermo Vilas in 1976 and the first to win a Masters Series shield (the Series was created in 1990). Cañas won one other tournament in 2002, the Chennai Open, and reached in the finals in Casablanca and Stuttgart. He also emerged as a more potent force at the Grand Slams as he reached his first quarterfinal at the French.

Paragraph 5: Arnett (2000) suggested that in adolescents' identity exploration, it is more transient and tentative. (Arnett, 2000). Adolescent dating is recreational in nature, involving group activities. They are still exploring their identity before asking the question "Given the kind of person I am, what kind of person do I wish to have a partner through life?" (Arnett, 2000, p. 473). With increasing opportunities to pursue higher education and greater delays in marriage and childbirth (Arnett, 2007), there is now more time, beyond adolescence, for activities and reflections surrounding self-definition and identity development. (Kose, Papouchis & Fireman). When adolescents start to develop the cognitive skill to understand others' feelings and what they are thinking, also known as theory of mind. This helps adolescents to develop their own sense of self and their own way of perceiving the world. It is normal for adolescents to feel personal fable. It is what drives them to develop their own sets of skills to understand others' thoughts and feelings. And this also triggers their ability to seek out their own identity. Arnett (2000) argues that as the age of adulthood had been moved back and the age of becoming an adult is getting older than the past. There is more time for adolescents to explore themselves; he thought of this period of exploration as seemingly a time when perspective-taking skills are being sharpened most dramatically. Personal fable also helps adolescents transition from exploring oneself to seeking extended experimentation, particularly in relationships, during the transition of young adulthood. Elkind though thought that the extension period for identity exploration and less pressure to take on typical adult roles teens are special and invulnerable, but are not feeling on center stage as often felt by the adolescents. (Elkind et al., Lapsley et al., 1989). As an example, some young adults might still have the feeling that they are special inside and invulnerable, but they are less likely to engage in risky behaviors. Some current findings suggest that increases in personal fable ideation are associated with increases in identity and cognitive formal operations, particularly among this young adult age group. Increase in personal fable ideation, feelings of invulnerability, among emerging adults may explain the heightened level of maladaptive behaviors among this group. For example, studies might explore how faulty thinking, particularly personal fable ideation, is related to risk behavior and how interventions can be tailored to address the type of thinking if leading to harmful outcomes for the young adults (18–25 years old). Apparently inconsistent findings might be resolved by improvements in ways of measuring individual differences in the personal fable. Young adults have to be able to cope with an identity crisis, at the same time knowing that personal fable is driving them to risky behaviors. If young adults do not cope with the inner conflicts, they will be likely to involve in risk-behaviors. Current research indicates that the age of emerging adulthood may extend later than previously thought, and the personal fable also appears to persist into emerging adulthood. The persistence of the personal fable could contribute to continued risk-taking behavior even though that age group physically appears to be adult.

Paragraph 6:  Flex Alexander as Flexter Alexander "Flex" Barnes Washington (seasons 1–4; recurring season 5) – Flex was born to Richard and Eunice Barnes and is the oldest of three children. In high school, Flex met Nicole, who became his first serious girlfriend. Before that, Flex had a reputation with women that caused many fathers in his neighborhood to dislike him. At age 18, Flex got Nicole pregnant as a senior in high school and they got married. She gave birth to a baby daughter named Breanna when they were 19 years old. A year later, Flex and Nicole went their separate ways when Flex pursued a career in the NBA playing for the Los Angeles Clippers, New York Knicks and Orlando Magic. During a game, however, he blew out his knee and was sidelined. Luckily, he had a communications degree to fall back on (which he admitted he tried to get twice) and became a sportscaster in Baltimore for television station WYNX News 3. After his daughter stays over for two weeks, Nicole springs the news that she got a job in Nova Scotia and wants to take Breanna with her. Flex unwittingly volunteers to take care of Breanna, though it may hamper his bachelor lifestyle. After his divorce from Nicole, Flex had taken on a player persona and even had a 30-day rule, vowing not to date a woman for more than 30 days and run the risk of their connection becoming a romantic relationship. He broke that rule when he dated Natalie, Breanna's art teacher. However, they broke up a year into their romance because she wanted to be a good stepmom to Breanna rather than have children of her own. A year later, Flex began dating Danielle, a psychotherapist who initially did not want to date him because Flex and Brianna were her clients. Flex and Danielle eventually began dating and later became engaged. Around the same time, his show The Flex Files became syndicated. In season 5, the show's premise was revamped and Flex was phased out of the series, but he appeared occasionally as a recurring character. He would fly out to California to visit Breanna and to also make sure Arnaz was not trying to have sex with her.

Paragraph 7: Many sources state that the Zabbaleen have created one of the most efficient recycling systems in the world, which recycles up to 80 percent of all the waste that they collect. In contrast, most Western garbage collecting companies can only recycle about 20 to 25 percent of the waste that they collect. According to Fahmi, 2005, "it was estimated that, in 1997, the Zabbaleen informally handled one-third of the garbage of Cairo's 14 million people, mainly that from poorer districts," meaning that  the Zabbaleen collected up to 3,000 tons of garbage every day. The Zabbaleen are able to recycle up to 80 percent of the waste that they collect through their family-run micro-enterprises that generate jobs, including those for production of handmade crafts from rags and paper, and incomes for some 40,000 people. In fact, according to Fahmi, "in the mid-1990s, nearly 700 Zabbaleen families owned collection enterprises, 200 owned and operated small- and medium-scale recycling enterprises, and 120 owned trading enterprises, in addition to maintenance workshops and community-based service businesses." What is distinctive about the Zabbaleen from many other urban informal waste collecting-groups that scavenge trash for useful products is that the Zabbaleen invest heavily in their tools and know-how for recycling.  These Zabbaleen micro-entrepreneurs have invested "an estimated 2.1 million Egyptian pounds (LE) (US $ 1⁄4 LE 6.19 -May 2004 rates) in trucks, plastic granulators, paper compactors, cloth grinders, aluminium smelters, and tin processors." By investing in such infrastructure, the Zabbaleen continually upgraded and enhanced their methods of recycling plastic, paper, cardboard, glass, metal, and fabrics. Thus, the city of Cairo and its administration had been able to manage its solid waste at almost no cost to the municipal administration because of such efforts by the Zabbaleen. Hence, the income that the Zabbaleen generate is mainly derived from their recycling and sorting activities, not from the minimal fees (LE 2–4) that they collect from residents.

Paragraph 8:  Deriyeh, the head of the Rer Segulleh, was universally proclaimed Sultan by the rest of the Habr Yunis tribe, and was really the first of the Habr Yunis Sultans, although his father, Segulleh, had tried to pose as such. Sultan Deriyeh lived to a great age, and had no less than eighteen sons, of whom the first two were borne to him by a woman of the Makahil section of the Habr Awal tribe, and the elder of these, Aman by name, joining with his brother, formed the Ba Maka-hil, while his remaining sixteen stepbrothers formed the Baha Deriyeh. Aman had ten sons, the eldest of whom was Ahmed, who died before his father, who himself died before his old father, the aged Sultan Deriyeh. Now, as soon as Sultan Deriyeh died there was trouble as to his successor. The Ba Makahil claimed that Ismail and Hirsi, of their section, were entitled to the honour ; but the Rer Segulleh and some of the Baha Deriyeh, said, "No, as several of the late Sultan's sons are still living, one of them should be their Sultan before any of the grandsons"; so they invited Awid Deriyeh to be their representative. In the meantime, Ismail was killed fighting with the Ogaden and Hirsi by the Baha Segulleh. The Ba Makahil now had to look for another successor, so they sent for Nur, the son of Ahmed Aman, and nephew to Ismail and Hirsi, who was living the life of a Mullah at Hahi, near Odweina. Nur, much against his will, consented to be their Sultan, although he preferred the life he was leading as a Mullah. For some years now there were two Sultans of the Habr Yunis, namely, Sultan Nur of the Habr Yunis, Ba Makahil, and Sultan Awd Deriyeh of the Baha Segulleh; so it will be seen the powerful section of the Baha Segulleh had gone to the Baha Deriyeh for their representative". Awad Deriyeh was killed in a fight with the Ogaden Rer Ali, so the Baha Segulleh had to find another Sultan. Accordingly, they chose his brother Hirsi's son, Mattar; but this choice the Baha Deriyeh were not at all pleased with, so all the Habr Yunis tribe decided to meet and discuss the matter out and decide on one Sultan. After a great deal of discussion the two clans, Ba Makahil and Baha Deriyeh, who had claimants for the sultanate, decided to let them toss for it, the winner to be proclaimed Sultan, while the loser got one hundred camels as compensation from the winner. Sultan Nur won, and was proclaimed Sultan of the Habr Yunis tribe.

Paragraph 9: June started off bad for the Bulls as they lost 28-18 to playoff rivals Hull Kingston Rovers. Jarrod Sammut, Keith Lulia and Michael Platt all scored a try with Sammut kicking 2 goals and Luke Gale kicking another, however Hull KR won the game in the last 10–15 minutes with 2 breakaway tries. This defeat was followed up by the news that young second-row Tom Olbison had signed a new 2-year deal at the club keeping him until 2015, however the good news was short lived after it was announced that homegrown second-row Elliott Whitehead had handed in a transfer request as he wishes to play at a top 4 side. Coach Francis Cummins stated at the time that Whitehead has been put on indefinite leave and will play no further part in the Bulls season. The Bulls then faced an out of form St Helens R.F.C. side, however Cummins men were not up to the task and lost 30-18 with Brett Kearney, Matty Blythe and Elliot Kear scoring for the Bulls. Gale also kicked 3 goals in the defeat. One of the positive points in that game is that young second-rower Oliver Roberts was handed his debut off the bench. News surrounding the club increased in the lead up to Bradford's first home game in over a month. The first bit of news was that veteran second-rower Chev Walker had signed a new 1-year deal with an option of another. Then it was announced that the Bulls had signed Warrington Wolves and England RL prop Gareth Carvell had signed with the Bulls on a 2 Year Deal which will add a bit of size to the relatively small Bradford pack. However bad news was soon to follow as Keith Lulia is set to go back home to Australia at the end of the year and youngster Danny Addy has rejected a new deal that was offered to him. French based Catalans Dragons announced that they had signed Elliott Whitehead on a 2 and a half year deal. It was also announced that hooker and captain Matt Diskin signed a 1 Year Extension to his contract. Bradford also revealed that legend and fan favourite Robbie Paul would be returning to the club as deputy director. Bradford finished the month with a 26-12 loss to Warrington Wolves the Bulls scored late tries through Walker and Donaldson but it wasn't enough to come back and beat the Wolves.

Paragraph 10: In 500,000 BC, long after the agents and Lords of Chaos and Order from Darkworld established themselves as a pantheon existing within Atlantis, demigods Arion and Garn Daanuth were born to Calculha and Dark Majistra, agents of order and chaos respectively. The pair would later create the Zodiac Crystals, powerful objects patterened after the zodiac signs in which directed and amplified the magic on Earth. With the pair suffering martial problems due to their conflicting divine natures and their children prophesied to eternally battle for the fate of Atlantis and end the Ice Age (caused by their family feud). Arion and Garn would eventually fulfill the prophecy thousands of years later around 45,000BC with Arion recognized as Atlantis's savior when he ended the Ice Age with his sorcerous powers. Despite this, Arion was unable to ultimately save his iteration of Atlantis as its king in his later years, his city eventually suffering a decline due to a combination of events: the waning magic on Earth, Garn's alliance with the immortal Vandal Savage creating the proto-Illuminati, and its actual destruction by the Lord of Chaos and God of Evil, Chaon. Although the homo magi kingdom in which Arion ruled was destroyed, contrary to his belief, other remnants of Atlantis survived.

Paragraph 11: Qin music illustrates the concept of harmony through its techniques such as the level of pressure and the speed of tempo, which symbolize Yin and Yang and the different temperature in the four seasons. The moderate unison of sounds maintains the perfect order and managing these opposing elements into a moderate piece of musical work is considered the best sound. Furthermore, one of the most influential works by Ru Jia (otherwise known as Book of Music), reads:When the early rulers formed the li [rituals] and yue [music] their purpose was not to satisfy the mouth, stomach, ear and eye, but rather to teach the people to moderate their likes and hates, and bring them back to the correct direction in life.Music, under Confucian concepts, has the power to transform people to become more civilized and the goal of music is to create balance within individuals, nature and society. Leading people "back to the correct direction in life" not only signifies the guiding role of music, but also emphasizes on the power of the rulers, "The correct 'mood' was set by the chief of state, the emperor, the son of Heaven." The power of the rulers reflects a fundamental theme in Chinese civilization. The State, or the ruling government, has the special role of taking care of the people; however, what distinguishes the Chinese ruling government from other ruling governments is the respectful attitude of the citizens, who regard the government as part of their family. In fact, the ruling government is "the head of the family, the patriarch." Therefore, the Chinese look to the government for guidance as if they are listening to their father who, according to Chinese tradition, enjoys high reverence from the rest of the family. 

Paragraph 12:  Henry HVR200 - Launched in 1987, HVR200 is the successor to the popular HVC200, it incorporated a new way to store the cable, using a manual driven reel on the top of his hat. In 1988 Numatic did away with the 800W motor and introduced their 2-years-long-development' 1000W motor. HVR200 was also now available in a new colour, beige / brown until 1991. In 1991 or 1992 Numatic mass-produced Henry HVR200 in "Technicolour" (red, green, blue, and yellow) Henry "HVR200" ran from 1987 to 2004. From 1981 to 1988, Henry's name was stuck on with adhesive, in bold red and beige letters however this changed in late 1988 as Numatic started to print the names onto the hats which remains the current process. In late 1997 Henry's name would be outlined in Technicolour however this was changed in mid to late 1998 as his name would be outline in white (1998–present). This was so Numatic didn't have four production lines, it also combated an issue which would occur when refurbishes didn't have a matching drum for Henry's hat. In late 1994 Numatic added a stabiliser to the back of Henry's drum so he wouldn't topple over when being pulled by the hose. In 1999, Henry no longer shipped with a PTO socket, thus eliminating the option to use a new Henry with a 100W Power Nozzle.Henry Plus HVR200P - The '90s equivalent to the Henry Micro, discontinued in 1999. The name is now used on John Lewis exclusives.Henry HVR200-22 - The successor to the HVR200, this iteration of Henry came equipped with a two-speed PCB. Having the "Hi" setting enabled allowed the user to run Henry at 1200W, "Lo" would cut Henry's speed by 200W. By September, Numatic updated the overall design of Henry's hat by adding two rocker switches to a power bank located on the top rear (oppose to the foot operated push button with a Hi-Lo rocker switch on the back above the furniture guard as seen with the Revision 1 Henry HVR200-22). Henry HVR200-22 ran from 2004 - 2009/10.  NVR200-22 machines were produced until 2015.Henry HVR200A (AutoSave) - Launched in mid 2008 to replace the 200-22 cleaners, Henry vacuums with the new "AutoSave Low Energy System" boasted reduced energy usage compared to its predecessors. The machines used a form of soft start system, where they would always start the motor on low power. The user would then have the option to switch to high power using the spring loaded "Hi" switch. They were discontinued in 2014.Sir Henry HVR200 - A limited edition Henry sold from the 1990s until the early 2000s.Mr Henry HVR200 - The same as 'Sir Henry'.Henry Micro HVR200M - Launched at a similar time as 'Henry Xtra', Henry Micro featured a state-of-the-art filter, which retained allergens better than the standard Henry model. Ran from 2002 - 2022.Henry Hound HHR200 - A Henry with an electric rotating brush, specialised for pet owners with a carbon filter. It came in green and was partially succeeded by Harry, which has an air-driven turbine head.Henry Turbo HVR200T - The same as Henry Hound, just in red and without a carbon filter.

Paragraph 13: Agarwood, aloeswood, eaglewood or gharuwood is a fragrant dark resinous wood used in incense, perfume, and small carvings. This resinous wood is most commonly referred to as oud or oudh (from , ). It is formed in the heartwood of aquilaria trees when they become infected with a type of mold (Phialophora parasitica) and secretes a resin to combat the mold. Prior to infection, the heartwood is odourless, relatively light and pale coloured; however, as the infection progresses, the tree produces a dark aromatic resin, called aloes (not to be confused with Aloe ferox, the succulent commonly known as the bitter aloe) or agar (not to be confused with the edible, algae-derived agar) as well as gaharu, jinko, oud, or oodh aguru (not to be confused with bukhoor), in response to the attack, which results in a very dense, dark, resin-embedded heartwood. The resin-embedded wood is valued in East and South Asian cultures for its distinctive fragrance, and thus is used for incense and perfumes.

Paragraph 14: The reef butterflyfish lives on rocky and coral reefs to depths of . Its compressed body means that it can forage by darting in and out of the coral, the small, protractile mouth is a further adaptation to finding food within the coral. The mouth is equipped with long and thin teeth which are flattened, and a little recurved at their tips, These are used to scrape and nip at small invertebrates such as polychaetes, shrimps and amphipods. It is also reported to feed on the eggs of the sergeant major (Abudefduf saxatilis) It can be quite nimble when feeding, frequently swimming upside down to get to prey hiding in crevices. The adults of the reef butterflyfish are most frequently encountered in pairs and may be monogamous and show a strong pair bond. Spawning takes place at dusk following a lengthy and energetic courtship involving circling before swimming upwards and releasing the eggs and milt. Each female will release 3–4,000 eggs at each spawning. The small, transparent, pelagic eggs hatch within 24 hours and initially the larval fish are tiny, translucent and silvery in colour. Butterflyfsh larvae, along with the scats, are unusual in that they are armoured, bony plates on the head and body form this armour and this is called the tholichthys stage. The tholichys stage lasts until the length of the larvae reaches  when they settle on the substrate at night. By the next day they have become juveniles and will hide in crevices until they are large enough to be reasonably secure from predators, emerging into shallow water next to channels or ledges. The reef butterflyfish has many predators, mostly larger fish such as snappers, groupers and moray eels, and it normally flees when attacked but if this is not possible they will adopt a defensive posture and face their pursuer with their head lowered and the spines in the dorsal fin fully raised.

Paragraph 15: Santa Maria participated in the 2017–18 season with the island's association cup, placed first in Group A, they advanced to play into the final match and defeated Académico do Aeroporto 1–0 at extra time to win their second straight title, the only scorer was Tchubasco. Santa Maria kicked off the 2017–18 Sal Premier Division with first place with three points, another win was made and a high scoring in two regional championship matches, they defeated ASGUI 2–9 and is currently the region's highest of the season, the club is first place as of the third round as they recently defeated the island's most popular club Académico do Aeroporto, a repeat of what they did in the Opening Tournament final and contested to be the top three clubs of the island as the club is the first of the four participating historic clubs in the Premier Division. At round 4, they were first place, more than the other participating historic clubs of the island, two more than Juventude, three more than Académico do Aeroporto and five more than Académica do Sal. Santa Maria was one position ahead of Juventude. three ahead of Académico do Aeroporto and six ahead of Académica do Sal. Santa Maria is still first at the seventh round, midway in the Premier Division, as they did last season and has 19 points and has scored 24 goals, at that round, an unheard number over 17 last season. Their next win was 6–1 over Gaviões on January 21. A goal draw with Juventude was next, followed by another win over Florença Santa Maria, then a repeat of a goal draw, this time with ASGUI. Santa Maria lost to the powerful Académico do Aeroporto afterwards before a repeat of a goal draw, this time with Académica Sal on March 3. Santa Maria remains first place as of the 11th round. For two rounds from the 10th round, had equal points with Juventude, also they had 30 goals scored and seven wins, the latter the same with Juventude since the 10th round and Palmeira in the 11th round. In the 2017–18 Sal Island Cup, the club started at the first round where they defeated Oasis FC 3–1 in their first ever match with that club. Santa Maria had a bye week at the quarterfinals. In the semis, the club defeated Académico do Aeroporto and later became participant in the final. Santa Maria recently lost another Premier Division match, 1–3 to Palmeira and its first position. Santa Maria was second with 24 points, they were still the mastery in goals with 31 scored. Their points the same as Juventude's at round 12. Santa Maria made another win with a big result of 0–6 over Gaviões and were one of three that has a regional championship title waiting next round, also waiting are possible club records in points and goals as Santa Maria has 37 goals scored. Their final match was against Juventude which ended in a two goal draw, Palmeira's win had Santa Maria failing for another championship title and finished second behind Palmeira, Sal scored the region's most goals with 39, a goal less than last season failing to make another club record. On March 31, the regional cup finals was played with Palmeira Santa Maria and went into extra time and finally won their only cup title after winning 1–0, also became the city's second and recent club to have a cup title. Santa Maria will qualify into the super cup, first made on March 25, their status became as cup winner on March 31, they will play with the champion Palmeira later at the end of the season.

Paragraph 16: Freeman's R. E. Lee: A Biography established the Virginia School of Civil War scholarship, an approach to writing Civil War history that concentrated on the Eastern Theater of the war, focused the narrative on generals over the common soldier, centered the analysis on military campaigns over social and political events, and treated his Confederate subjects with sympathy. This approach to writing Civil War history would lead some critics to label Freeman a "Lost Cause" historian, an allusion to the literary and intellectual movement that sought to reconcile the traditional white society of the South to the defeat of the Confederate States of America.  Freeman began work on his biography of Lee in 1926; by the time he had completed his four volume work in 1933, he had committed some 6,100 hours to the effort.

Paragraph 17: The film concerns a race of subterranean reptile-men (dubbed "slime people", due to their slime-covered skin) who create a wall of "solidified fog" around Los Angeles using a strange organic-looking machine and proceed to invade the city after they are driven out of their subterranean homes by underground atomic tests. A pilot (portrayed by Hutton) lands in Los Angeles after some flight difficulties and finds the city almost deserted. He later encounters other survivors, including a Marine separated from his unit, and a scientist and his two daughters, and the group try their best to halt the further invasion of the slime people who are attempting to use the fog to not only isolate the city but also to lower the surface temperature enough to let them function at all hours of the day. Eventually, near the end of the film, the survivors find that while the slime people are otherwise immune to conventional weapons due to their body's ability to quickly seal wounds, the creatures can be killed with their own spear weapons as they are hollow and prevent the wounds they inflict from closing properly. They also realize the reason the plane from the beginning of the film was able to land was due to the chemical making the fog reacting with the salt from the ocean water thus preventing the section near the sea from solidifying. With these facts in mind, the survivors then attempt to escape the city using several buckets of a saltwater solution to try and make a hole through the fog wall, however, when this fails due to them not having enough of the solution the group instead opts to destroy the machine generating the fog. With the machine destroyed, the fog quickly disperses allowing the military to enter the city and causing the slime people to die off from the rapid rise in temperature.

Paragraph 18: A lumpectomy is a surgery to remove a breast tumor along with a resection margin of normal breast tissue. The margin is the healthy, noncancerous tissue that is next to the tumor. A pathologist analyzes the margin excised by the lumpectomy to detect any possible cancer cells. A cancerous margin is "positive", while a healthy margin is "clean" or "negative". A re-excision lumpectomy is performed if the margin is detected to be positive or cancerous cells are very close to the margin. Sentinel lymph node biopsy (SLNB) or axillary lymph node dissection (ALND) may be used to determine if the cancer has progressed away from the breast and into other parts of the body. Sentinel lymph node biopsy is the analysis of a few removed sentinel nodes for the presence of cancerous cells. A radioactive substance is used to dye the sentinel nodes for easy identification and removal.  If cancer is detected in the sentinel node then further treatment is needed. Axillary node dissection involves the excision of lymph nodes connected to the tumor by the armpit (axilla). Radiation is usually used in conjunction with the lumpectomy to prevent recurrence. The radiation treatment can last five to seven weeks following the lumpectomy. Although the lumpectomy with radiation helps to decrease the risk of the cancer returning (local recurrence); it does not prolong survival; it is not a cure, and cancer may still come back. However, local recurrences (confined to the breast area) after lumpectomy can be treated effectively with mastectomy, and these women were still disease-free 20 years after their original lumpectomies and recurrence treatments.

Paragraph 19:  Senator Robert Kinsey, (played by Ronny Cox, seasons 1, 4–8) – A US senator who first appears in season 1's "Politics". In "Politics", Kinsey ignores warnings of an imminent Goa'uld invasion and instead manages to briefly shut down Stargate Command for budget reasons, only for SG-1 to prove the program's worth and save Earth through defying orders. In season 4's "Chain Reaction", Kinsey and the NID temporarily succeed in controlling the Stargate by blackmailing General Hammond into retirement and appointing a new general to his position, but O'Neill is able to find evidence of the blackmail and get Hammond reinstated. In season 5's "2001", Kinsey aims to gain prestige through an alliance with the Aschen, but the alliance fails (However, the alliance went ahead in the alternate but unfulfilled future reality witnessed in season 4's "2010", in which Kinsey also achieved his goal of the presidency; only a warning from that future helped the SGC prevent it). In season 6's "Smoke and Mirrors", a group controlling the rogue NID, known as "the Committee", tries to assassinate Kinsey and frame Col. O'Neill for his murder, but NID agent Malcolm Barret and SG-1 foil this attempt. Kinsey becomes Vice-President in season 7's "Inauguration" and tries again to take control of the Stargate Program in "Lost City". Shortly after NID Agent Richard Woolsey presents incriminating evidence against Kinsey to President Henry Hayes in the same episode, Hayes "accepts" Kinsey's resignation. Kinsey makes his last appearance in season 8's "Full Alert", where the SGC convinces Kinsey to go undercover to undermine the hierarchy of the Trust. However, the Goa'uld have completely infiltrated the Trust through their operatives working outside of the solar system, and have already implanted a symbiote within Kinsey to aid in their plans of starting a nuclear war between the US and Russia. After the SGC foil the attempt, Kinsey flees aboard an Al'kesh, but Kinsey's future remains uncertain as the Al'Kesh is destroyed while he operated a transport device, leaving it open-ended if he was able to escape or the ship was destroyed before he could transport away. Kinsey is briefly mentioned as a President in the alternative timeline (with Hayes as Secretary of Defense) in season 8 finale "Moebius".

Paragraph 20: Preceding Alex Haley's miniseries Roots, the film was one of the first films to take seriously depictions of African Americans in the plantation south. The film, like the book, also suggests a comparison between the contemporary moment of the Civil Rights Movement and the plight of African Americans at various points in history. The film, however, has some noticeable divergences from the novel. In the film the person who interviews Miss Jane is European American (played by Michael Murphy). There is no indication of the interviewer's race in the novel. In fact after the first couple of pages the interviewer completely falls out of the frame of the story though he continues to appear between flashbacks in the film. The film also opens with the book's final story about Jimmy coming to an almost 110-years-old Miss Jane to ask for her participation in a Civil Rights demonstration. The film appears to be a series of flashbacks that happen during this time of Jimmy's Civil Rights organizing. In the novel, Corporal Brown gives Jane her name. Originally she had been called Ticey. The Corporal exclaims that "Ticey" is a slave name but then declares "I'll call you Jane" after his own girl back in Ohio. In the film however, Corporal Brown only suggests the name "Jane" as one option in a list of potential names, so that it is Jane who says "I like 'Jane'". The movie never shows Tee Bob killing himself.

Paragraph 21: Jon Silkin was born in London, in a Litvak Jewish family, his parents were Joseph Silkin and Doris Rubenstein. His grandparents were all from the Lithuanian- part of the Russian Empire. His uncle was Lewis Silkin, 1st Baron Silkin. He was named Jon after Jon Forsyte in The Forsyte Saga, and attended Wycliffe College and Dulwich College During the Second World War he was one of the children evacuated from London (in his case, to Wales); he remembered that he "roamed the countryside incessantly" while in Wales, collecting "fool's gold" and exploring old Roman mines. For a period of about six years in the 1950s, after National Service, he supported himself by manual labour and other menial jobs. By 1956 he rented the top-floor flat at 10, Compayne Gardens, Hampstead, (), the house of Bernice Rubens, who later won the Booker Prize, and her husband Rudolf Nassauer, also a published novelist, later. Silkin, in turn, sublet rooms to, among others, David Mercer, later a prolific TV and West End dramatist, and Malcolm Ross-Macdonald, then a diploma student at the Slade and later a novelist; his first novel, The Big Waves (Cape, 1962) is a roman à clef of life in that flat, in which Silkin features as Somes Arenstein. All three men lived by teaching English as a foreign language at the St Giles School of English in Oxford Street.

Paragraph 22: Puddleglum first appears in chapter 5 of The Silver Chair as the companion of Eustace and Jill as they search for Prince Rilian, heir to the Narnian throne, who disappeared 10 years earlier. He is a caricature of pessimism and a bastion of gloomy fortitude: "I see you're making the best of a bad job. That's right. You've been well brought up, you have. You've learned to put a good face on things." But in the end Lewis gives readers a small sign that maybe spending time with Eustace and Jill has had an effect on him. After Jill surprises him with a farewell hug (and kiss), Puddleglum remarks, "Well, I wouldn't have dreamt of her doing that. Even though I am a good-looking chap."

Paragraph 23: The first edition of the QClash took place on 7 May 2011 at the Gabba. The Suns were required to host the inaugural meeting between the two teams at the Gabba as their home ground, Carrara Stadium, was unavailable until later that year. Despite the Lions not having won a game for the season leading into the game, they were considered strong favourites to defeat their Gold Coast neighbours. The Suns had recorded their first ever AFL win two weeks prior to the clash while Brisbane was winless leading into the first ever Queensland derby. In the lead up to the match, triple premiership Lion Simon Black expressed resentment towards the Suns by stating "the AFL have given them everything, and then some" as well as labelling former Brisbane players Jared Brennan and Michael Rischitelli "mercenaries" because they had joined the Suns in the off season. Gold Coast coach Guy McKenna returned serve by stating that the Suns were brought into the competition to clean up the mess left by the Brisbane Bears, which Lions coach and former Bears player Michael Voss said he took personally and stated that McKenna's comments were "out of line". Two days before the game it was revealed that 10 Queenslanders had been chosen to compete in the clash. The Suns got off to a hot start in the first quarter and led the clash by 19 points at first exchange of ends. The Gold Coast held that lead through the first three quarters and the tension rose early in the third term when Gold Coast's David Swallow unintentionally knocked Brisbane's Andrew Raines unconscious, who was taken off with concussion. Trailing by 19 points at the beginning of the fourth quarter, the Lions mounted a comeback off the back of six second half goals from Ashley McGrath, who was swung forward at half time. A Todd Banfield goal at the 15-minute mark in the fourth term equaled the scores late in the game but a spectacular pack mark taken by Gold Coast forward Nathan Krakouer a minute later stemmed the tide as he kicked truly for his fifth goal to give the Suns a one-goal lead. McGrath's sixth goal just seconds later again equaled the scores once again. The Gold Coast were awarded a controversial free kick for a high tackle a minute later which allowed small forward Brandon Matera to play on and kick the Suns to a seven-point lead that they wouldn't relinquish. The Suns claim the inaugural QClash 18.16 (124) to 17.14 (116). Former Lion and new Sun Jared Brennan was awarded the inaugural Marcus Ashcroft Medal for his best on ground performance that included 30 disposals and 14 clearances.

Paragraph 24: The football team won the South Jersey Group I state sectional championship in 1979, 1980, 1982, 1984, 1986, 1992-1997, 2000-2002, 2005, 2006, 2014, 2016 and 2017. The 1980 team won the South Jersey Group I state sectional title with a 16-6 victory against Glassboro High School to finish the season at 9-2. The 1984 team used a touchdown pass in the last minute of play to win the South Jersey Group I championship game by a score of 34-26 to finish the season with a record of 9-1-1. The 1984 team beat Glassboro 40-8 in front of 4,000 spectators to win the South Jersey Group I state title. The 1986 team finished the season with a 10-1 record after winning the South Jersey Group I state sectional title with a 10-0 win against Haddonfield Memorial High School in the championship game, avenging the team's only loss in the regular season. With their quarterback setting state records for career points and touchdowns scored. the 1995 team won the program's fourth consecutive South Jersey Group I title with a 50-0 win against Gloucester City Junior-Senior High School in the playoff finals to run their record to 11-0. In 2000, the team finished the season 11-0, defeating previously unbeaten Glassboro High School by a score of 21-15 in the finals to win the South Jersey Group I title. The 2001 team finished the season 12-0 after winning the South Jersey Group I state sectional title with a 55-6 win against Gloucester City in the tournament final. In 2016, the team won the 18th sectional title in program history, defeating Salem High School by a score of 29-26 in the South Jersey Group I state sectional tournament final. The 2017 team won the program's 19th overall championship, its third title in four seasons and finished the year with a 10-2 record, defeating Penns Grove High School by a score of 34-24 in the playoff final of the South Jersey Group I state sectional tournament. NJ.com listed the rivalry between Paulsboro and Woodbury High School at number 20 in their 2017 list "Ranking the 31 fiercest rivalries in N.J. HS football", with Paulsboro leading the series between the two teams with a 56-43-3 record. Head coach Glenn Howard entered the 2020 season with 15 sectional championships and an overall career record of 300-68 in his 34 years leading the team, ranked fourth in wins among all active football coaches.

Paragraph 25: With the invasion of the Philippines scheduled for mid-October 1944, Callaghan steamed in the screen of the carrier force conducting essential preliminary neutralization of Japanese airfields in Formosa and Okinawa. During a heavy enemy air attack on 14 October, Callaghan joined in downing several planes. Sailing on to stand guard off the invasion area on Leyte, Callaghans force contributed air power in the decisive Battle for Leyte Gulf, helping to ensure that the Allied advance in the Philippines against the Japanese efforts to break up the landings. After pursuing the Japanese moving north, Callaghan returned to support the Philippine operations, with the 3rd Fleet, for air strikes on Luzon. En route on 3 November,  was torpedoed, and Callaghan stood by to protect the stricken light cruiser until relief forces arrived, when Callaghan was able to rejoin her group for the strikes. Through December, she participated in more air strikes on the Central Philippines, and in January 1945, the destroyer sailed with the 3rd Fleet for air raids on Formosa, Luzon, Indo-China, Hong Kong, and the Nansei Shoto.

Paragraph 26:  Virtual Art: From Illusion to Immersion (MIT Press/Leonardo Book Series, 2003)(China 2006, Serbia 2008, Brazil 2009). Review by Alison Abbott in Nature 427, page 17 (2004): Art that draws you in;  Scientific American, Virtual Art: Book of the Month, Aug. 2003; Art Monthly, Michael Gibbs, Virtual Art, Mar. 2003; European Photography, Guy van Belle: Oliver Grau: Virtual Art, Issue 73/74, Vol. 24, 2003, pp. 104–105.; Amy Ione: Virtual Art: From Illusion to Immersion, in: Leonardo Reviews,  https://www.leonardo.info/reviews _archive/feb2003/GRAU_ione.html; Italy: Anna Maria Monteverdi:  Esperienze artificiali multisensoriali, Recensione a Oliver Grau, Virtual Art. From illusion to immersion, in: Teatro e Nuovi Media, No. 52, 2003 and in: ateatro, 11.11.2009; France: Cahiers du MNAM, Éditions du Centre Georges Pompidou, Jean Da Silva: Notes de lecture, Stephen Wilson: 'Information Arts'/Oliver Grau: 'Virtual Art', No. 87, Spring 2004,  Sweden: Konstperspektiv, Mathias Jansson: Bokrecensioner - 'Virtual Art', July 2003; Netherlands: Optische Fenomen, Nederlandse Stichting voor Waarneming & Holografie, Jan M. Broeders, issue 187, Jan. 2003, p. 5.; John Boardmann: Review Virtual Art: From Illusion to Immersion, in: COMMON KNOWLEDGE, Volume 9, Issue 3, Fall 2003, pp. 544 – 544; Art Papers, Barbara L. Miller: Re-evaluating Virtual Representation. Two books ask what makes new media new, May 2004; Consciousness, Literature and the Arts, Roger Dawkins: Review 'Virtual Art', vol 4, No 3, Dec. 2003; Fine Art Forum - Ezine, Teri Hoskin: Review 'Virtual Art', vol. 17, No. 11, Nov. 2003; Anthony Enns: A Review of: Friedrich Kittler, Optische Medien: Berliner Vorlesung and Oliver Grau, Virtual Art: From Illusion to Immersion, electronic book review, 13.03.2004; Intelligent Agent - Online Magazine, Patrick Lichty: Review 'Virtual Art', vol 3 No 2, Summer/ Fall 2003; Christiane Lenhardt: Das Faszinosum der künstlichen Welt, in: Badisches Tagblatt, May 3, 2005; Alejandra Correa: Derecho de Admisión, Virtual e Immersivo (Interview), in: Funámbulos Summer 2005, pp. 39–42; UK: Pugh, E., in Digital Creativity, 2004, Vol 15, no 2; p. 126-128, Bryan-Wilson, J. in: Technology and Culture, 2004, Vol 45, no. 3, p. 670-671; Taiwan: Art & Collection, Taipei, The Aura of the Digital, Interview, May 2004, pp. 106–111; Estland: Arvuti Maailm, Raivo Kelomees: Immersiivne Kunst, June 23, 2004; Schweden: Svenska Dagbladet, Karl Steinik: Panoramat i den virtuella konsten, June 23, 2004, Argentinien: Florencia Rodriguez: Todo Lo Sólido Se Desvanece En La Illusion. Oliver Grau En Buenos Aires, in: summa+ 75, 2005, pp. 146–7; Spanien: Lucia Santaella: Virtual Art, Rezension, in: DeSignis 7 (Barcelona) 2006, Brasil: Silvia Boone: Arte Virtual: da Illusao a Imersao – Oliver Grau, in: Porto Arte: Revista de Artes Visuais, 2009; Serbia: Мapинa Byлиђeвиђ: Урaњaњe y bиrtyeлнo, in: Politika, 09.06.2010, p. 14; В. К. – Танјуг: Оливер Грау представио своју књигу „Виртуелна уметност“, in: www.godinaknjigeijzika.rs, vom 06.06.10; Jelena Guga: Nova estetika uranjajucih prostora slike, in: Nova Misao - Časopis za savremenu kulturu Vojvodine, no. 6 / June 2010, p. 46 – 48; Laura Palmer:  A Review of Virtual Art: From Illusion to Immersion, in: https://kairos.technorhetoric.net/8.2/reviews/palmer/; 

Paragraph 27: At Stardom in Osaka event from January 23, 2022, Kohgo requested Stars members to let her join the unit which the latters accepted. At Stardom Nagoya Supreme Fight on January 29, 2022, she defeated Oedo Tai's Fukigen Death, Ruaka, Saki Kashima and Rina in an elimination five-way match. At Stardom Cinderella Journey on February 23, 2022, Kohgo unsuccessfully challenged stablemate Hanan for the Future of Stardom Championship. At Stardom New Blood 1 on March 11, 2022, she defeated Gatoh Move Pro Wrestling's Sayaka in a singles match. On the first night of the Stardom World Climax 2022 from March 26, she teamed up with Cosmic Angels (Waka Tsukiyama and Mina Shirakawa) to compete in a six-woman tag team gauntlet match won by Donna Del Mondo (Himeka, Natsupoi, and Mai Sakurai) and also involving Queen's Quest (AZM, Lady C and Miyu Amasaki), and Oedo Tai (Saki Kashima, Ruaka and Rina). On the second night from March 27, she participated in a 18-women Cinderella Rumble match won by Mei Suruga and also featuring various wrestlers who competed at New Blood 1 such as Haruka Umesaki, Nanami, Maria, Ai Houzan, and Yuna Mizumori, and many others. At Stardom Cinderella Tournament 2022, Kohgo unsuccessfully faced stablemate Mayu Iwatani in the first round matches from April 3. At Stardom Golden Week Fight Tour on May 5, 2022, she teamed up with Hanan and Saya Iida to defeat Oedo Tai's Saki Kashima, Ruaka and Rina. At Stardom New Blood 2 on May 13, 2022, she teamed up with Iida in a losing effort against Rina Amikura and Yuko Sakurai. At Stardom Flashing Champions on May 28, 2022, Kohgo teamed up with Iida and Lady C and picked up a victory over Ami Sourei, Rina and Hina. At Stardom Fight in the Top on June 26, 2022, she teamed up with Iida to defeat Miyu Amasaki and Lady C. At Stardom New Blood 3 on July 8, 2022, she teamed up with Iida and Hana to defeat JTO (Tomoka Inaba, Aoi and Misa Kagura). At Mid Summer Champions in Tokyo, the first event of the Stardom Mid Summer Champions series which took place on July 9, 2022, Kohgo unsuccessfully challenged AZM for the High Speed Championship. At Mid Summer Champions in Nagoya on July 24, she teamed up with Mayu Iwatani to defeat Fukigen Death and Ruaka. At Stardom in Showcase vol.1 on July 25, 2022, she participated in a Nagoya rumble match won by Fukigen Death. Kohgo failed to qualify for the Stardom 5 Star Grand Prix 2022 after she participated in a qualifier block where she scored a total of four points after facing Ami Sourei, Miyu Amasaki, Rina and Waka Tsukiyama. At Stardom x Stardom: Nagoya Midsummer Encounter on August 21, 2022, she teamed up with Saya Iida and Mayu Iwatani in a losing effort against Queen's Quest (Utami Hayashishita, AZM and Lady C). At Stardom New Blood 4 on August 26, 2022, she teamed up with Iida in a losing effort against Mai Sakurai and Linda.

Paragraph 28: In December, the deputies of the other provinces convened by the circular of May 27 arrived in Buenos Aires. Most of them were closer to the ideas of Saavedra, and Gregorio Funes became highly influential over them. They did not agree about which body they should join: the deputies wanted to join the Junta, while Moreno thought that they should start a constituent assembly. Funes, allied with Saavedra, calculated that they could stop Moreno by joining the Junta, as his proposals would be agreed to by a minority. The Junta, with both its original members and the deputies, discussed the topic on December 18. Funes said that Buenos Aires had no right to rule the other provinces without their consent, and got the support of the other members. He said that there was popular discontent with the Junta. The supporters of Moreno said that such discontent was only among some rebels, and Moreno said that it was only the discontent of the Patricians in respect of the Suppressions decree. However, only Paso voted with him, and the deputies joined the Junta. Moreno resigned, but his resignation was rejected. His opposition to the incorporation of the deputies is seen by some historians as an initial step in the conflict between Buenos Aires and the other provinces, which dominated politics in Argentina during the following decades. Some call it a precursor of the Unitarian Party, while others find his words or actions more consistent with the Federalist Party. However, historians Paul Groussac and Norberto Piñeiro feel it is inappropriate to extrapolate so far into the future. Piñeiro considered it an error to label Moreno as federal or unitary, proving that this organization been prioritized over the secondary aspect of centralism or federalism, while Groussac similarly notes that Moreno devoted all his energies to the immediate problem of achieving independence without giving much thought to possible long-term scenarios.

Paragraph 29: Parts of a network's operations may also be co-located with one or more of its O&Os. For example, production of Global's national newscast Global National is controlled from its Vancouver O&O CHAN-DT, while CTV's network headquarters are co-located with CFTO at 9 Channel Nine Court in Scarborough, Ontario (the address refers to CFTO's over-the-air channel number). NBC's national network operations in both New York City and Los Angeles are housed in the same facilities as their local stations in the respective cities, WNBC and KNBC, and both of these O&Os are considered flagship stations of the network (conversely, NBC's affiliate news service NBC News Channel is based out of the studios of WCNC-TV in Charlotte, North Carolina, which the network maintains an affiliation with but has never owned).  Moreover, NBC's Washington O&O, WRC-TV, had previously housed the network's Washington bureau from which Meet the Press and some MSNBC programmes originate from.  In the UK, some BBC regional offices (e.g. BBC Bristol, BBC Wales/Cymru, BBC Scotland) are credited for producing some BBC programmes like Dr Who, Question Time, and Bargain Hunt, and the BBC's flagship morning programme Breakfast shares the same studio as BBC's Northwest Tonight, the BBC's newscast for the region encompassing Manchester, Liverpool, and surrounding areas.  In Germany, some programmes that air on ARD's national channel Das Erste are produced by regional stations that are members of the ARD network.  The co-location of network facilities at O&Os may also facilitate the production of promo shoots that feature both an O&O show and a network show.  For instance, the lead presenters of an O&O's late-night news show may shoot a promo in the same studio with the host of the parent network's late-night talk show.  Similarly, a network may thus also show promotional posters/billboards for the programmes of the O&O station it is co-located with along that network's office/studio corridors.

Paragraph 30: Lewis' successor as CIO President, Philip Murray, named Brophy the Director of Industrial Union Councils (IUC). He was instrumental in setting up IUCS in cities across the country, viewing them as the "community organizations of the CIO" that "can rally not only the support of all unions in the community, but they can also play a leading part in strengthening progressive sentiment in other unions and outside the organized labor movement.”  Brophy argued that most people shared the goals of the CIO, and asserted that what they lacked was “the leadership that organized labor alone can give…" His position as Director of IUCs proved to be an important one in the expulsion of CP-led unions from the CIO following World War II. He was one of the strongest advocates for centralized control of the CIO's political action committees and the industrial councils, which were made up from delegates from the more or less autonomous unions affiliated with the CIO but which were themselves creations of the CIO, obliged to follow CIO policy imposed from above. In November–December 1942, he led a team whose report led to formation of the CIO-PAC in July 1943.  In 1948 he led the crackdown on local labor councils and state bodies within the CIO that had endorsed American Labor Party candidate Henry Wallace or opposed the Marshall Plan in contravention of national CIO policy.