Paragraph 1: Major Israel McCreight of Du Bois, Pennsylvania, was author and steward of Cook Forest State Park, the first Pennsylvania State Park acquired to preserve a natural landmark, and a founder of the Pennsylvania Conservation Association. Cook Forest is the most important tract of virgin timberland to be found in Pennsylvania, and is without rival for size East of the Rockies.  Once called the "Black Forest", the area is famous for its towering white pines and hemlocks. The idea to make Cook Forest a public park originated on McCreight's first visit to the "Forest Cathedral" near the Clarion River in northwest central Pennsylvania.  "It was a beautiful day, August 21, 1910, that the writer with a few others were invited to a weekend house party at the A.W. Cook home. Cook would comment, as he led the way into the silent ‘temple of the gods’, and then listen to the exclamations of astonishment that were sure to come from those who followed along the fern-bound path in this fairyland. Often there was heard no comment, for in this silent cathedral of the Almighty, it was unuttered.  Frequently it was observed that sturdy men could not restrain their tears, at the solemnity of their environment.  It was during this walk that A.W. Cook and the writer sat down on a log to talk about the future fate of the magnificent panorama they saw and felt all about them, The writer said to him: ‘Cook, no greater crime could be committed than to destroy this; it shall not be destroyed; it must be saved for humanity’s sake." McCreight was determined to save the forest and began a campaign to conserve the natural landmark. In 1910, McCreight and others formed the Pennsylvania Conservation Association and successfully lobbied the legislature to consider Cook Forest for state park purposes. For sixteen years a series of unsuccessful legislative bills were introduced for the state to acquire Cook Forest. In 1923, the Cook Forest Association was formed for the purpose of acquiring the Cook Forest tract of virgin white pine and hemlock. Early pioneers with the Cook Forest Association were Major Israel McCreight, Theo Wilson and John Nicholson. The Association, endorsed by national natural resource groups and Governor Gifford Pinchot, raised $200,000. 

Paragraph 2: After Mikhail expresses his suspicions towards Nicholai over how their platoon was ambushed by zombies, Nemesis attacks the train and kills the civilians. Nicholai then betrays and locks Jill and Mikhail out, with the latter sacrificing himself by detonating an explosive that derails the train. Meanwhile, reaching the police department on the notion that Bard is at the S.T.A.R.S. office, Carlos and Tyrell learn the scientist took refuge at a nearby hospital. Carlos is then contacted by Jill, who survived the crash while being pursued by a mutating Nemesis. She manages to escape Nemesis, only to lose consciousness after the monster infects her with the T-virus. Carlos finds Jill half a day later and takes her to the hospital, finding Bard murdered along with the scientist's video entry revealing that Umbrella's board is wiping out the vaccines and any evidence connecting the company to the T-Virus. After Carlos retrieves Bard's vaccine and administers it to Jill, Tyrell discovers that the U.S. government plans to destroy Raccoon City in a missile strike to eradicate the T-virus infestation. Carlos travels to a lab underneath the hospital to find more vaccines, while Tyrell tries to contact whoever he can to prevent the missile strike. 

Paragraph 3: The National Football League from Australia assumed control of PNG football operations and appointed Peter Evans as full-time manager to the PNG Rules Football Council in May 1978. Evans began a major and rapid restructure of football operations which largely ignored senior club and representative competition in favour of junior development. The PNG Rules Football Council was renamed the PNG Australian Rules Football Council and he set out to point out the ignorance of local players to the rules in an effort to eliminate any violence though the reverse occurred, with violence under the new administration dramatically increasing to a point where it was almost out of control, with several notable incidents of striking of umpires occurring and life bans instituted. The administration also banned players from national selection if their league refused to affiliate with the new administration, causing significant discontent with players outside of the national capital. The senior men's national championships were cancelled and funds diverted so that Evans, using his position as PNG National Sports Secretary, could fly a junior squad to Hobart in 1979 to participate in the Teal Cup (Australian Under 17 Championship). The team suffered humiliating defeats at the hands of the ACT, New South Wales and South Australia which was widely reported as a failure in the local media. Shortly following the tournament Evans resigned to become Tasmanian Football League chief administrator. and management of the now financially destitue administration was handed to local player William Maha. The NFL's Victorian chief John Warren visited in 1980 promising a A$100,000 injection of funds and sponsorship from Rothmans International and admission to the council though along with high expectations of the underresourced local competition for coaches, umpires and ground upgrades. Warren was openly critical of all administrators, playing style and coaches involved in the game outside of Port Moresby. PNG was, however, (unlike the Northern Territory) never admitted as a full-voting member.

Paragraph 4: Fall Out Boy formed near Chicago, Illinois in 2001. The band debuted with a self-released demo in the same year and released Project Rocket / Fall Out Boy, a split EP with Project Rocket, in 2002, through Uprising Records. The lyrics to the whole album are written by lead vocalist Patrick Stump. On later albums, bassist Pete Wentz wrote the majority of the band's lyrics. The album is also the only Fall Out Boy album not featuring Andy Hurley on drums. Evening Out was not recorded with five members, contrary to what is shown in the album art. The members at that time were Patrick Stump (lead vocals), Pete Wentz (bass guitar), Joe Trohman (guitar), and Mike Pareskuwicz (drums). Although incorrect, Pareskuwicz and guitarist TJ Racine have been said to be two Chicago musicians the band recruited in their early days, who left after Evening Out was released before Stump picked up the guitar and Hurley joined as the full-time drummer to form the band's current lineup. Stump explained that "TJ Racine was already out of the band by the time [Fall Out Boy] tracked [(recorded) the album]" and that TJ "wasn't in the band for that long". Pareskuwicz did indeed handle the drumming duties for the album. After the release, he left the band, and Andy Hurley would join as the current drummer and record the follow-up album Take This to Your Grave (2003). Trohman played almost all the guitars on it, with Stump playing a small part on "Moving Pictures". The entire album was recorded in two days and the rushed nature left the band dissatisfied and did not want it released. Stump also stated "I don't consider it a real album." The band was not involved in the 2005 re-release and did not receive royalties for either version, with Patrick Stump stating "both were a scam on us".

Paragraph 5: Houses within the town were constructed to a limited number of designs but these were varied by differing external detailing and surface finishes. A brick and tile manufacturing plant was built near the town and produced a characteristic terracotta roofing tile which was used to clad most homes. The pitch of the roof structure and overhanging eaves remained similar throughout the town, providing a common theme without the sameness characteristic of English garden city developments. The homes were placed on large plots, typically of 1000 m2, the design brief from General Sir John Monash, the initial S.E.C.V. chairman requiring that each plot should have sufficient land to permit the tenant to keep a horse and a garden.

Paragraph 6: Marriage is defined as a legal contract between a man and a woman. The legal age of marriage is 18, but judges may in special cases allow earlier marriage. A man may marry up to four wives; if so, he must treat them equally and inform them in advance, and they may demand a divorce. Marriage requires the consent of both parties and a gift by the groom of a dowry to the bride, as well as the presence of the bride's father or guardian (wali) and of two witnesses.  The father of the bride may block the marriage, although her guardian may not.  The marriage must be registered before a notary or legal functionary. Marriage is forbidden between close relatives by descent, marriage, or nursing: thus a man may not marry his mother, daughter, sister, aunt, niece, mother-in-law, daughter-in-law, stepmother-in-law, or stepdaughter-in-law, nor may he marry anyone who suckled from the same woman as he did, or from whom he suckled.  A man may not be married to two sisters simultaneously. Marriage is also forbidden between a couple who have divorced each other for the third time, unless the wife has since been married to someone else. A Muslim woman may not marry a non-Muslim man, and a marriage may be annulled on the grounds of the spouse's apostasy. A husband is required to provide for his wife to the best of his abilities, and to treat his wives equally if he marries more than one. A wife is required to obey her husband and respect him as head of the family, to bring up and nurse his children, and to respect his parents and relatives.   A wife has the right to visit her parents and to receive visits from them, and has rights over her own property.

Paragraph 7: Both the Island Climate Update and the FMS tropical cyclone outlooks assessed the risk of a tropical cyclone affecting a certain island or territory. As the tropical cyclone genesis trough of low pressure was expected to be located near to and to the east of the International Date Line, normal or slightly above normal activity was expected for areas near the dateline. The Island Climate Update Outlook predicted that Vanuatu and New Caledonia had a reduced chance of being affected by multiple tropical cyclones. The Northern Cook Islands, Fiji, Papua New Guinea, Tonga, Wallis and Futuna, the Solomon Islands, Northern New Zealand and French Polynesia's Austral and Society Islands were all predicted to have a normal chance of being affected by a tropical cyclone or ex tropical cyclone. They also predicted that Niue, Samoa, Tokelau, Tuvalu and the Southern Cook Islands had an elevated chance while French Polynesia's Tuamotu Archipelago and Marquesas Islands, Kiribati and the Pitcairn Islands, had an unlikely chance of being affected by a tropical cyclone. The FMS's outlook predicted that Wallis and Futuna, Tuvalu, Samoa, Niue, Tonga, Vanuatu, the Southern Cook Islands and the Solomon Islands had a high chance of being affected by a tropical cyclone. Fiji, French Polynesia, New Caledonia and the Northern Cook Islands and had a moderate chance of being affected by a tropical cyclone while Kiribati had a low chance. Because of its proximity to the warm pool and genesis area, the FMS noted that Tokelau had a low to moderate risk of being affected by a tropical cyclone. RSMC Nadi also predicted that there was an increased risk of severe tropical cyclones, affecting the region this year when compared to the previous season. There was a high chance of Tuvalu, Samoa, Niue, Tonga, the Southern Cook Islands, Vanuatu and the Solomon Islands being affected by a severe tropical cyclone. The chances of Fiji, New Caledonia, the Northern Cook Islands and French Polynesia being affected by a severe tropical cyclone were moderate while Kiribati, Tokelau and Wallis and Futuna had a low risk. The updated Island Climate Update tropical cyclone outlook reported that there was still a chance that two or more systems could interact with New Caledonia, Vanuatu, Fiji, and Tonga. However, it was noted that activity might be slightly reduced to the north of Vanuatu and that an elevated amount of activity might occur in the Coral Sea, to the east of Queensland.

Paragraph 8: Several feuds surrounded the opening match, which saw the team of Razor Ramon, Marty Jannetty, the 1–2–3 Kid and Mr. Perfect face the team of Irwin R. Schyster (I.R.S.), Diesel, Rick Martel, and Adam Bomb. Diesel made his WWF debut on June 6, 1993, as a bodyguard for Shawn Michaels in a match between Michaels and Jannetty. Diesel's interference in the match helped Michaels to defeat Jannetty and win the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Diesel was also at ringside to help Michaels when Michaels faced Mr. Perfect for the title belt at SummerSlam 1993. Diesel attacked Perfect on multiple occasions during the match and ultimately caused Perfect to lose the match via countout. In September 1993, Michaels was stripped of the Intercontinental Championship by WWF President Jack Tunney. A battle royal was scheduled to determine the top two contenders for the championship. Ramon and Martel were the last two wrestlers in the ring, and they faced each other in a title match on the September 27 episode of Monday Night Raw. Ramon won the match and was awarded the championship belt. Schyster had initiated a feud with Ramon in May 1993 after Ramon lost a match to The Kid (later the 1–2–3 Kid), who was competing as a jobber at the time. Schyster and his tag team partner Ted DiBiase made fun of Ramon for the loss and offered him a job as a servant.  In response, Ramon teamed with the 1–2–3 Kid for a series of matches against Schyster and DiBiase, and he also distracted Schyster during a match and caused him to lose to jobber P.J. Walker. Adam Bomb was not involved in any feuds with his opponents at Survivor Series, but there was animosity between Bomb and his teammate Rick Martel. Bomb's manager, Harvey Wippleman, was at ringside to help Martel in a match against Ramon. Wippleman was standing in the way of the match, and Martel ran in to him. While Martel was distracted, Ramon pinned him to win the match. Martel then yelled at Wippleman and pushed him. Bomb came to the ring to defend his manager, and an argument ensued until Diesel and Schyster came to the ring to calm their teammates.

Paragraph 9: Vassos moved to Boston, Massachusetts in 1919, where he attended the Fenway Art School at night. He studied alongside American artist John Singer Sargent and worked as an assistant for Joseph Urban. In 1924 he moved to New York, where he attended the Art Students League of New York, studying under George Bridgman, John Sloan, and others. He opened his own studio creating window displays for department stores, like Wanamakers, murals, and advertisements for Saks Fifth Avenue, Bonwit Teller, and Packard Motor Cars in his unique black and white illustrated style. At the same time, he illustrated a series of books by Oscar Wilde for E.P. Dutton followed by others including Phobia on which he based his life-long design focus on psychology, his area of expertise as noted by Fortune Magazine's list of top designers in the country. He entered the emergent field of industrial design and was hired by rapidly-growing RCA Victor, under the leadership of David Sarnoff, who discovered Vassos while painting murals at the WCAU skyscraper in Philadelphia. The company had recently acquired Victor Phonograph, built Radio City, and owned NBC Broadcasting, but needed to amplify and modernize their radio manufacturing business. By hiring Vassos, an up-and-coming industrial designer who created their first Styling department, launched Vassos on a four-decade relationship with the company for whom he designed hundreds of items, while also consulting for numerous other clients like Coca-Cola, Waterman, Universal Artists, Remington, and the United States Government. Vassos's work as an interior designer included the Chrysler Building apartment of photographer Margaret Bourke-White, Nedick's Hot Dog stands, displays for RCA in department stores and the World's Fair, and many others for which he employed modular furniture. He eschewed trendy styles like the extreme-streamlined look, popular in the 1930s, and favored the clean, modern look unadorned with unnecessary elements. He expressed his design philosophy for magazines like Pencil Points and in lectures on modern design and art. Although he was hailed as a top designer in the United States during the 1930s, he slipped away from the spotlight of his industrial design peers like Raymond Loewy, Henry Dreyfuss, and Norman Bel Geddes, largely because he did not open a large firm. Unique among the industrial designers of the 20th century, his work was focused on the intersections between interior decorating, furniture design, and the shapes of phonographs, radios and televisions. His contributions include creating a futuristic living room including television, the slide rule dial on radios, emphasis on the haptic experience of media (knobs and buttons), and the "user experience," years before this term was coined.

Paragraph 10: The next day, the escape plan ahead since Escobar had pushed to Abril that he killed Carlos Alberto. This and Bernal argue wear dirty clothes to the laundry as a cover for their actions but Carlos Alberto is stopped by Abril arguing carried legal advice but a last minute Doña Luz saves him so write hisimony of death Susana de Acero but a quick maneuver, and a careless Abril, Carlos Alberto escapes to the laundry but not before he left a farewell note to Doña Luz telling also of his escape. At the last moment Victor encourages break to Esteban to redeem his guilt in the death of Lucas, which generates a small delay. Bernal was the first advance in the escape discovers in the second tunnel from prison personal effects of Lucas, among them a necklace which he shared with Esteban, while exhaust pipe gave a few former prison water tanks covered with bars. Given this latest difficulty they decided to abort the escape but Carlos Alberto knowing it would kill insists the break. Meanwhile, Moises intuiting Victor and other prisoners were going to escape, hides a coping saw between the shirts of the Minister of Justice to assist them but is discovered by Escobar who a trap them; kill Carlos Alberto taking the break as an excuse. Esteban to see the blade and ignoring Escobar plans takes it and returns to the pipe where with Bernal, Victor and Carlos Alberto cut studs. However, Esteban begins to suspect the ease of the tool on the floor of the laundry and Victor knowing Moises had occurred them and that this would not leave prison until nobody need one more. When Carlos Alberto cut off the last stud, 4 held the leak not knowing that several metres away Escobar and Abril were waiting them to kill Carlos Alberto. A prisoner warns Doña Luz of the torture that Escobar had punched him to Moises what makes social worker polled to Moises who warns him of the leak and the plan of Escobar to kill Carlos Alberto. Moises dies as a consequence of torture while fugitives 4 continue to his escape but still injured Victor manages to see Escobar and April and when the captain fires his gun to Carlos Alberto, Victor stands sacrificing his life for his best friend. Victor dies while that Bernal wins time shooting them Escobar and Abril, facts helplessly observed by Doña Luz. Carlos Alberto swears revenge against Escobar and Bernal and Esteban try to flee by bus but Escobar catches Carlos Alberto and swears kill him asking him to run as a hunting game and Carlos Alberto he complains that he is a murderer and runs but to the surprise of Escobar, Carlos Alberto completely disappears.

Paragraph 11: The son of Alphonse Martineau and Lucienne Lemieux, Martineau grew up in the Quebec portion of the Ottawa Valley. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1941 from the University of Ottawa. He served for four years in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II and was subsequently president of the Quebec branch of the Royal Canadian Legion. After the war, he received a Bachelor of Civil Law degree from the Université de Montréal. He was called to the Bar of Quebec in 1949. A private practice lawyer from 1950 to 1980, he was a crown attorney from 1950 to 1958.

Paragraph 12: Nadezhda von Meck saw things very differently. To her, filling the roles of mother, nurse, governess, dressmaker, housekeeper, and valet was far easier to bear than the humiliation of seeing her husband as a cog in the machine of a government organization. Neither did fulfilling all those domestic duties lower her resolve or weaken her energy in urging him to make a break. Russia, desperately short of railways, was expanding its communications network rapidly, and Nadezhda was far-sighted enough to see that a future for her husband lay there. She continually exerted pressure on him to find a partner with capital and to join the boom in Russian railway construction.

Paragraph 13: The most important economic activities are cattle raising, commerce, and subsistence agriculture.  The GDP in 2005 was R$ 29,109,000.  Ubaí is in the bottom tier of municipalities in the state with regard to economic and social development.  It suffers from isolation, poor soils, and periodic drought.  As of 2007 there was 01 banking agency in the town.  There was a small retail commerce serving the surrounding area of cattle and agricultural lands.  In the rural area there were 858 establishments employing about 2,500 workers.  Only 37 of the farms had tractors.   There were 101 automobiles in all of the municipality.   There were 35,000 head of cattle in 2006.  The crops with a planted area of more than 100 hectares were beans, sugarcane, manioc, and corn.

Paragraph 14: The Battle of Plassey would see the emergence of the British as a political power; their rule later expanded to cover much of India over the next hundred years, conquering all of the Hindu states on the Indian subcontinent, with the exception of the Kingdom of Nepal. While the Maratha Empire remained the preeminent power in India, making it the last remaining Hindu empire, until their defeat in the Third Anglo-Maratha War which left the East India Company in control of most of India; as noted by acting Governor-General Charles Metcalfe, after surveying and analyzing the conditions in India, in 1806 wrote: "India contains no more than two great powers, British and Mahratta." During this period, Northeastern India was divided into many kingdoms, most notable being the Kingdom of Manipur, which ruled from their seat of power at Kangla Palace and developed a sophisticated Hindu Gaudiya Vaishnavism culture, later the kingdom became a princely state of the British. The Kingdom of Mysore was defeated in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War by the British East India Company, leading to the reinstatement of the Hindu Wadiyar dynasty in Mysore as a princely states. In 1817, the British went to war with the Pindaris, raiders who were based in Maratha territory, which quickly became the Third Anglo-Maratha War, and the British government offered its protection to the mainly Hindu Rajput rulers of Rajputana from the Pindaris and the Marathas. The mainly Hindu Palaiyakkarar states emerged from the fall of the Vijayanagara Empire, and were a bastion of Hindu resistance; and managed to weather invasions and survive till the advent of the British. From 1799 to 1849, the Sikh Empire, ruled by members of the Sikh religion, emerged as the last major indigenous power in the Northwest of the Indian subcontinent under the leadership of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. After the death of Ranjit Singh, the empire weakened, alienating Hindu vassals and Wazirs, and leading to the conflict with the British East India Company, marked the downfall of the Sikh Empire, making it the last area of the Indian subcontinent to be conquered by the British. The entire subcontinent fell under British rule (partly indirectly, via princely states) following the Indian Rebellion of 1857.

Paragraph 15: Using material he and Sparks wrote for a planned fifth I-Rails album, O'Connor made the Rocket album entirely on his own on a broken-down 1969 Ampex 16-track tape deck and a budget of $1,000 and called himself Primitive Radio Gods, which is what would have been the band's last album title. The album wouldn't be released for four years however when it was picked up by Columbia Records, Germany. It was soon released with only minimal remixing and the single, "Standing Outside a Broken Phone Booth with Money in My Hand" shot up the charts and was featured in Jim Carrey's movie The Cable Guy. O'Connor reunited with The I-Rails under the new name.

Paragraph 16: Raymond Benson noted that Dalton "purposely played Bond as a ruthless and serious man with very little of the wit displayed by Connery, Lazenby or Moore", and considered him "the most accurate and literal interpretation of the role ... ever seen on screen". His character also reflected a degree of moral ambiguity; in Licence to Kill, for instance, he becomes a rogue agent, while Dalton himself saw the character as a "man, not a superhuman; a man who is beset with moral confusions and apathies and uncertainties, and who is often very frightened and nervous and tense". Smith and Lavington observed that during Dalton's portrayal in Licence to Kill, Bond appeared "self-absorbed ... reckless, brutal, prone to nervous laughter and ... probably insane, or at least seriously disturbed. In the light of Licence to Kill, one academic, Martin Willis, referred to Dalton's Bond as a "muscular vigilante". Steven Jay Rubin noted that Dalton's films had "a hard-edged reality and some unflinching violent episodes that were better suited to Dalton's more realistic approach to the character". Rubin considered Dalton's portrayal "Fleming's Bond ... the suffering Bond". In contrast to the previous incarnations of the character, Smith and Lavington identified Dalton's humour as "brooding rather than flippant"; combined with his heavy smoking, they considered him "an effective leading man". Although Bond screenwriter Richard Maibaum called Sean Connery the best Bond, he considered Dalton the best actor of the four he worked with. Screenwriter Tom Mankiewicz agreed with this view, praising Dalton's "androgynous... and evil" screen persona. Director John Glen also felt that Dalton was the best actor who portrayed Bond, and that he was ahead of his time, noting the comparisons between Daniel Craig's incarnation to that of Dalton's. Dalton was voted the second-best Bond, behind Connery, in a publicly conducted poll by Radio Times in anticipation to the 25th Bond film, No Time to Die. Dalton's films did not perform as well at the box office as most of the previous films. Commentators such as Screen International considered the Bond series had run its course in the age of series such as Indiana Jones and Lethal Weapon. Edward P. Comentale observed that "Dalton, for all his occasional flat northern vowels, was probably too much the stage actor to be convincing as an action hero in the age of Willis, Schwarzenegger and Stallone". After just two films—The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill—litigation ensued over the licensing of the Bond catalogue, delaying what would have been Dalton's third film by several years. His six-year contract expired in 1993 and he left the series in 1994.

Paragraph 17: In 946, there were rumors that the major Liao general Zhao Yanshou—who had previously been a major Later Tang general before being captured by the Khitan in the campaign that led to Later Tang's destruction—was planning on defecting to Later Jin.  This rumor was believed by Li Song and Feng, who then served as Shi's chief of staff.  They had Du write a letter to Zhao, encouraging him to do so, with the officer Zhao Xingshi (), who had previously served under Zhao Yanshou, delivering the letter.  Zhao Yanshou wrote back (to try to lead Later Jin forces into a trap), stating, "I have long been in a foreign land, and I want to return to China.  Please launch a major army to support me, so that I can pull myself out and return with it."  Subsequently, under Emperor Taizong's orders, Liao's prefect of Ying Prefecture (瀛州, in modern Cangzhou), Liu Yanzuo (), also offered to defect to Later Jin.  Shi thus put Du and Li Shouzhen in command of an army to attack north, with the stated objectives being to first recapture the prefectures Shi Jingtang previously ceded to Liao (the Sixteen Prefectures), and then to destroy Liao.  (Zhao Ying, however, had reservations, pointing out that Du, despite his honored position, was still often dissatisfied with his station, and therefore suggested to Li Song and Feng that Li Shouzhen be put in command by himself; Zhao Ying's suggestions were not listened to, however.)  When Du and Li Shouzhen advanced, though, they were met by a large army that Emperor Taizong personally commanded.  The Liao army eventually surrounded the Later Jin army at Zhongdu Bridge (中度橋, in modern Baoding).  After Emperor Taizong made the promise to Du to make him emperor if he surrendered, Du and Li Shouzhen surrendered their army.  (As part of accepting Du's surrender, Emperor Taizong had Zhao mockingly put an imperial robe on Du.)  Emperor Taizong then prepared to advance south.  He commissioned Li Shouzhen 'Situ (司徒, one of the Three Excellencies) as well as continuing to the military governor of Tianping, and had Li Shouzhen and Du accompany him south.  With virtually the entire Later Jin army having been given to Du and Li Shouzhen for this northern campaign, Kaifeng was left essentially defenseless, and Shi felt compelled to surrender, ending Later Jin.  Emperor Taizong subsequently entered Daliang.

Paragraph 18: By the late 1980s Vess had found a niche in the world of fantasy comic art with publications such as The Raven Banner: A Tale of Asgard written by Alan Zelenetz and published by Marvel Comics in 1985, The Book of Night, published by Dark Horse Comics in 1987, and "The Warriors Three Saga" in Marvel Fanfare #34–37 (Sept. 1987–April 1988). He painted the cover of the debut issue of Web of Spider-Man (April 1985), wrote and drew a backup story in The Amazing Spider-Man #277 (June 1986), and crafted the Spider-Man: Spirits of the Earth graphic novel (1990). In 1991 he illustrated the official comic-book adaptation of Steven Spielberg’s Hook and had an eleven issue run (#129–139) as cover artist of Swamp Thing by DC Comics in 1993.

Paragraph 19: Bentley started his career with Arsenal in the Premier League, and despite being earmarked as one for the future, saw his playing opportunities limited by a strong senior squad. He spent two seasons on loan with Norwich City and Blackburn Rovers, and sealed a permanent transfer to Rovers in January 2006. Bentley produced strong performances for his new club, and soon featured regularly for the England under-21 team. He made his senior international debut against Israel in September 2007. In July 2008, Bentley joined Tottenham Hotspur. He spent time on loan with Birmingham City, West Ham United, FC Rostov and a brief return to Blackburn before being released by Tottenham in 2013. After not playing for more than a year, Bentley retired from football in 2014, citing his loss of passion for the sport.

Paragraph 20: Richardson was chosen to tour Australia in 1897/1898, but this was where his successful years ended. Richardson was always a heavy drinker, but around this time the habit became unmanageable and his weight began increasing, thus reducing his speed and stamina. He produced one great performance on the disappointing 1897/1898 tour with eight wickets for 94 in the first innings of the fifth Test, but as soon as he returned to England his decline was plain for all to see. Indeed, in the first two months of the season Richardson accomplished almost no performance of note, and even when he improved from the beginning of July onwards, Surrey could no longer rely on him to bowl over after over on the extremely true Oval pitches; his body could no longer carry the workload of previous years. In a few games late in the season at the Oval, against Yorkshire (when Surrey inflicted that county's biggest defeat) and Warwickshire (when he took a career-best 15 for 83 on a pitch offering no help), he appeared as potent as the bowler of 1897. Nevertheless, his haul of wickets in the County Championship fell from 237 to 126 and their cost from about 14 runs per wicket to over 21.

Paragraph 21: At Fifth Year Festival: Chicago, the Brothers finally reached the top of the mountain again, defeating Christopher Daniels and Matt Sydal to win the tag team championship. Their reign, however, proved to be brief, as they in turn to dropped the belts to Naruki Doi and Shingo Takagi in their first defense, at Fifth Year Festival: Liverpool. After this match, the storyline was that the brothers felt they needed to "man up" due to losing the title in their first defense, just as they had the GHC Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship earlier in the year. Thus, the two faced off what was described as "one time only" at Fifth Year Festival: Finale. The match ended in a draw, with both of them unable to answer the referee's standing ten-count. At the next event, All Star Extravaganza III, they won the title back from Doi and Shingo, but in the course of the match Mark was seriously injured attempting a Shooting Star Press to the floor. Mark was kept in the ICU of hospital for two nights, and suffered a seizure there before eventually being released. Two weeks later, at Fighting Spirit, Mark made an unannounced return, entering through the crowd to come to his brother's side during his match with Erick Stevens against Kevin Steen and El Generico. The storyline was that with Mark injured, Jay was tagging with Stevens as a replacement. The No Remorse Corps then ran in and attacked Stevens, and Jay was momentarily left without a partner until Mark entered. Mark eventually suffered the fall in the match after several bumps to the head. They then began to feud with Steen and Generico. After successfully retaining the tag title over Claudio Castagnoli and Matt Sydal at ROH's first pay-per-view Respect is Earned, Steen and Generico showed up and immediately demanded their title shot; the scene followed with a wild brawl all over the building. The feud was followed on both ROH's standard canon, with Steen defeating Mark at A Fight at the Roxbury, and the PPV series, with the Brothers successfully retaining the tag team title against Steen and Generico at Driven, after which Steen repeatedly attacked both brothers with a ladder. The Briscoes then retained over Steen and Generico in a steel cage match at Caged Rage and in ROH's first-ever ladder match at Man Up.

Paragraph 22: | {{|Policing and Crime Act 2017|public|3|31-01-2017|maintained=y|archived=n|An Act to make provision for collaboration between the emergency services; to make provision about the handling of police complaints and other matters relating to police conduct and to make further provision about the Independent Police Complaints Commission; to make provision for super-complaints about policing; to make provision for the investigation of concerns about policing raised by whistle-blowers; to make provision about police discipline; to make provision about police inspection; to make provision about the powers of police civilian staff and police volunteers; to remove the powers of the police to appoint traffic wardens; to enable provision to be made to alter police ranks; to make provision about the Police Federation; to make provision in connection with the replacement of the Association of Chief Police Officers with the National Police Chiefs' Council; to make provision about the system for bail after arrest but before charge; to make provision about the retention of biometric material; to make provision to enable greater use of modern technology at police stations; to make other amendments to the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984; to amend the powers of the police under the Mental Health Act 1983; to extend the powers of the police in relation to maritime enforcement; to make provision for cross-border enforcement; to make provision about the powers of the police to require removal of disguises; to make provision about deputy police and crime commissioners and the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime; to make provision to enable changes to the names of police areas; to make provision about the regulation of firearms and pyrotechnic articles; to make provision about the licensing of alcohol; to make provision about the implementation and enforcement of financial sanctions; to amend the Police Act 1996 to make further provision about police collaboration; to make provision about the powers of the National Crime Agency; to make provision for requiring arrested persons to provide details of nationality; to make provision for requiring defendants in criminal proceedings to provide details of nationality and other information; to make provision about the seizure etc of invalid travel documents; to make provision for pardons for convictions etc for certain abolished offences; to make provision to protect the anonymity of victims of forced marriage; to increase the maximum sentences of imprisonment for certain offences of putting people in fear of violence etc; to make provision to combat the sexual exploitation of children and to protect children and vulnerable adults from harm; to make provision about coroners' duties in respect of deaths in state detention; to make provision about the powers of litter authorities in Scotland; and for connected purposes.}}

Paragraph 23: Kočić left Gomionica after two years and completed his primary education at the Eastern Orthodox religious school in Banja Luka, though he returned to the monastery every summer in order to spend time with his father. Kočić was the best student in his class at the religious school, and upon graduating in 1891, he departed for Sarajevo to attend high school at the First Sarajevo Gymnasium. During his first three years, he excelled in subjects such as mathematics, as well as Greek, Latin, German and Serbo-Croatian, which the Austro-Hungarians deemed the "language of the land" (zemaljski jezik), so as not to become entangled in local ethnolinguistic disputes. Kočić experienced a violent fit in his fourth year, swearing at a theology teacher and throwing a textbook at him over a poor grade. He was dismissed from the classroom and subjected to a monetary fine. According to a classmate, the outburst changed Kočić, "turning him from an ambitious, disciplined student, into a truant and frequenter of kafanas and bars." Following an incident in which a visibly intoxicated Kočić and his friends verbally abused Muslim students in a hotel bar, Kočić was expelled from the Gymnasium. He found himself unable to enroll into any of the high schools in Bosnia, having apparently drawn the ire of the Austro-Hungarian authorities. Kočić was forced to continue his education in neighbouring Serbia and enrolled into a Belgrade high school, from which he graduated in 1899.

Paragraph 24: After this, the freeway ends and US 40 resumes along the one-way pair of West Mulberry Street eastbound and West Franklin Street westbound, carrying three lanes in each direction. The route intersects the northern terminus of MD 295, which is routed along the one-way pair of North Paca Street northbound and North Greene Street southbound, and the southern terminus of MD 129, which is routed along the one-way pair of North Paca Street northbound and Pennsylvania Avenue southbound. From here, US 40 passes south of the Seton Hill Historic District as it heads into the Mount Vernon neighborhood north of downtown Baltimore and continues east, crossing MTA Maryland's Baltimore Light RailLink at North Howard Street. The route crosses North Charles Street, at which point the name changes to East Mulberry Street eastbound and East Franklin Street westbound. US 40 intersects the southbound direction of MD 2 at St. Paul Street before both directions rejoin along Orleans Street, a six-lane undivided road. The route heads onto the Orleans Street Viaduct, passing over the northbound direction of MD 2 (North Calvert Street) and I-83 (with no access) in the Jones Falls stream valley. After this, the road becomes a divided highway and runs through urban areas of homes and businesses in East Baltimore, heading south of Paul Laurence Dunbar High School before passing through the campus of The Johns Hopkins Hospital. Past the hospital, US 40 becomes a four-lane undivided road and continues past rowhomes and some businesses. Farther east, the route intersects Pulaski Highway and heads east-northeast along four-lane undivided Pulaski Highway, passing through commercial areas with some urban homes. The road intersects the western terminus of MD 150 at Haven Street before it passes under an abandoned railroad line and then Amtrak's Northeast Corridor. The route continues through industrial areas and passes under CSX's Baltimore Terminal Subdivision railroad line before it widens to a six-lane divided highway and reaches a partial cloverleaf interchange with MD 151 (Erdman Avenue) and the eastern terminus of US 40 Truck that also includes a ramp to southbound I-895 accessible from eastbound US 40. A short distance later, US 40 crosses I-895, with a ramp from northbound I-895 to eastbound US 40. The road continues northeast through commercial areas and comes to a partial interchange with Moravia Road, with no eastbound entrance. Past this, US 40 reaches a partial interchange with I-95, with a ramp from westbound US 40 to southbound I-95 and a ramp from northbound I-95 to eastbound US 40; the missing movements are provided via Moravia Road and I-895.

Paragraph 25: Both men and women dance together, dressed in traditional costume. At the commencement of the dance, participants form two circles, the women, who form a small inner circle, are encompassed by men, who form a large circle around them, and They move first in clockwise then in anti-clockwise direction determining the rhythm of the dance by the beating together of sticks and striking of drums. As the dance proceeds, the participants change places, with men forming the inner circle. Sometimes, it is performed exclusively by men folk. At that time, a series of half-swirls make up a simpler version of the dance depending on the dancer`s ability & proficiency, it is danced with a series of intricate pattern steps. The striking of sticks gives the dance a vigorous character & consistent tempo. Gair dances by Bhil folk are performed with wearing colourful dresses and carrying swords, arrows and sticks. It is the major attraction of people. There are many differences in the performance of men and women in this dance. The sticks used in the dance are called Khanda. It is danced with a series of intricate pattern steps. The striking of the sticks gives the dance a vigorous character and a consistent tempo. When they are dancing it seems as if they are depicting a scene from war front. It is believed by the locals that this dance must have got some significance to war. This form of dance is also seen in Africa and Central Asia. These sticks are very attractive and catch every eye. The sticks play vital role in the dance. They are very thin and does not carry much of weight and give a flare look. These sticks are cut from the Gundi tree and involves little cleaning process. In some places instead of sticks swords are used .In one hand the dancers carries the naked sword and in the other hand is occupied with Khanda(a name of sword in Rajasthan) or the stick.  Apart from this Gair is also of third type in which the dancers carry sword in one hand and in the other hand they carry the wooden sword.

Paragraph 26: William Hart was born in Paisley, Scotland, and in 1831 emigrated to the United States with his family, settling in Albany, New York. He was apprenticed to a decorative painter in Albany and Troy, New York, and his first artistic experience was in decorating the panels of coaches with landscapes. He also spent time as a portrait painter, likely after 1834.  He toured the mid-western States, predominantly Michigan, during the late 1830s seeking portrait commissions, and was unsuccessful.  He exhibited his first work at the National Academy of Design in 1848, and returned to Albany permanently in 1849.  In late 1849, he was underwritten by a Dr. Ormsby to travel to Europe to study landscape painting.  He painted primarily in Scotland until 1852, after which he returned to Albany, and then in 1853, moved to New York City. By the time he returned to America, Hart had shifted his energy to landscape painting. Like most of the major American landscape artists of the time, Hart settled in New York City, where he opened a studio in the Tenth Street Studio Building in 1858.  In 1865, he was elected President of the Brooklyn Academy of Design.

Paragraph 27: The African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights (ACHPR) was based on the Banjul Charter which is the regional human rights protectors of human rights for Africa. The charter has twenty-nine articles that go into great detail on the rights and freedoms that follow a strict code of non-discrimination. The support and excitement over the Europeans current rights system, the evolution of granting everyone human rights, is what helped streamline the creation of this commission and other courts in Africa. The Commission came into existence with the coming into force, on 21 October 1986, of the African Charter (adopted by the OAU on 27 June 1981). Although its authority rests on its own treaty, the African Charter, the Commission reports to the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the African Union (formerly the Organization of African Unity).  Its first members were elected by the OAU's 23rd Assembly of Heads of State and Government in June 1987 and the Commission was formally installed for the first time on 2 November of that year. For the first two years of its existence, the Commission was based at the OAU Secretariat in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, but in November 1989 it relocated to Banjul, Gambia.  (The ACHPR is not the African Union Commission, which was formerly known as the OAU Secretariat.)

Paragraph 28: This experiment included the ultraviolet spectrograph package carried by the IUE, consisting of two physically distinct echelle-spectrograph/camera units capable of astronomical observations. Each spectrograph was a three-element echelle system composed of an off-axis paraboloidal collimator, an echelle grating, and a spherical first-order grating that was used to separate the echelle orders and focus the spectral display on an image converter plus SEC Vidicon camera. There was a spare camera for each unit. The camera units were able to integrate the signal. The readout/preparation cycle for the cameras took approximately 20 minutes. Wavelength calibration was provided by the use of a hollow cathode comparison lamp. The photometric calibration was accomplished by observing standard stars whose spectral fluxes had previously been calibrated by other means. Both echelle-spectrograph/camera units were capable of high-resolution (0.1 Angstrom (A)) or low-resolution (6 A) performance. The dual high/low-resolution capability was implemented by the insertion of a flat mirror in front of the echelle grating, so that the only dispersion was provided by the spherical grating. As the SEC Vidicons could integrate the signal for up to many hours, data with a signal-to-noise ratio of 50 could be obtained for B0 stars of 9th and 14th magnitudes in the high- and low-resolution modes, respectively. The distinguishing characteristic of the units was their wavelength coverage. One unit covered the wavelength range from 1192 to 1924 A in the high-resolution mode and 1135 to 2085 A in the low-resolution mode. For the other unit, the ranges were from 1893 to 3031 A and 1800 to 3255 A for the high-and low-resolution modes, respectively. Each unit also had its own choice of entrance apertures: either a 3-arcsecond hole or a 10- by 20-arcsecond slot. The 10- by 20-arcsecond slots could be blocked by a common shutter, but the 3-arcsecond aperture was always open. As a result, two aperture configurations were possible: (1) both 3-arcsecond apertures open and both 10- by 20-arcsecond slots closed, or (2) all four apertures open. With this instrumentation, the observational options open to an observer were long-wavelength and/or short-wavelength spectrograph, high or low resolution, and large or small apertures. Exposures could be made with the two spectrographs simultaneously, but the entrance apertures for each were distinct and separated in the sky by about 1 arcminute. An additional restriction was that data could be read out from only one camera at a time. However, one camera could be exposed while the other camera was being read out. The choice of high or low resolution could be made independently for the two spectrographs.

Paragraph 29: Marguerite Louise feigned illness at the start of 1672: Louis XIV send Alliot le Vieux, Anne of Austria's personal physician, to tend to her. Dr. Alliot, unlike Saint-Mesmeê, did not comply with Marguerite Louise's plot to be sent to France, ostensibly for the thermal waters to ameliorate her "illness." In December she went on a pilgrimage to Villa di Pratolino—she never returned. Marguerite Louise, instead of going back to Florence, chose to live in semi-retirement at Poggio a Caiano. The Grand Duke eventually consented, but feared she may abscond, so she was not allowed to go to leave without his permission and when she went riding she was to be escorted by four soldiers. All the doors and windows of the villa had to be secured, too. The saga between them continued until 26 December 1674, after all attempts at conciliation failed, a beleaguered Cosimo agreed to allow his wife to depart for the Convent of Montmartre, France. The contract signed that day renounced her rights as a Princess of the Blood and with them the dignity Royal Highness. Cosimo granted her a pension of 80,000 livres in compensation. She departed the next June, after stripping bare Poggio a Caiano of any valuables.

Paragraph 30: The story is about a girl (Aiman Khan), who walks through road and then waits for van and then when it comes, she sits there and comes in home. Asif (Alyy Khan) is in car and she also sits there and Fariya (Aiman Khan) seeks help for her father's critical health. A man (Anwar Iqbal) comes in home and says to his wife (Gul E Rana) that he given him potato at price of Rs. 100 and he fought with him. He asks from his wife that what Khurram does and if he will not marry his daughter with Khurram. Fariya comes home and says that she didn't go any fees because she got an advance. She thinks same what Asif said her and what her mother told her that Asif takes care of her family. Fariya's father said that because of Fatiya this home is running and what he will do after Fariya's marriage. He said that his respiratory disease will never let him do anything because it is due to his contribution in chemical industry that he has respiratory disease. Fariya came into car, Asif given him a ring and said that he will marry her. Fariya's father came into home and said that he found a shop which will cost him Rs.12000. His wife said that because of his illness these rupees will be spent. A boy was again following Fariya, she said him that why he always follows him. Fariya came in home that marriage is not allowed because if she will go then home's expenditure who will pay? She waits for a van. A boy says that he apologize for his mistake and says that he loves her and says that he knows all story of their home. She refuses and goes to van. She tells that guy whole story of her home and father and says that if she will marry, her home will be full of thirst. She gets call from her mother that her father is at last stage if death. She comes in home and says that Siraj (her father's friend) knew that her father has Respiratory Disease. She meets again with him, whose name revealed to be Yasir. She says him that her home has long story which she cannot tell. Asif said to Fariya that he has not any extra money to give her. In anger, he kicked her out if the car. Fariya's mother was making soap for Fariya's father saying that she has got a new relation but Fariya's father refuses saying that she mustn't do this. Fariya sits in van and thinks that how she will help her home in such a poverty. Yasir again asked from her that what happened her but she didn't tell to anybody what happened and gone to home. Fariya's mother said that no need to worry if she hasn't got salary. Fariya still thinks how she will do and cries loudly that what will be of her home. Fariya's mother says to her husband that again they are saying to give their daughter to him. She also says that he is a rich businessman and they will marry and they are good people and says he will call him and he accepts. She is happy that she is marrying Yasir but is shocked to find Asif is Yasir's father. The show ends in Fariya accepting marriage with weeping.