Paragraph 1: The Lake Causeway (Calzada del Lago in Spanish) runs north from the lake shore to the city centre, where it continues as Via 5. The total length of the causeway and the via is around . The Lake Causeway was designed to allow the rapid movement of goods and people between the city and the lake, and easy access to water. The Lake Causeway probably developed from a Middle Preclassic pathway that ran between the shore and the early settlement. The earliest version of the Lake Causeway was built in the Late Preclassic; it was about  wide and was raised  above natural ground level. The Via 5 continuation did not exist in the Late Preclassic, when the later city centre had not yet developed. During the Late Classic the causeway was further developed and extended with the formal construction of Via 5 running across the site core. The point where the two met was deliberately narrowed with the construction of flanking buildings and is likely to have been a guardpost where access to the site core was controlled. It is likely that travellers and goods arriving at the city were inspected and taxed at this control point. At its narrowest point the entrance from the causeway to Via 5 was just  wide. Parapets were erected flanking the Lake Causeway; they stood approximately  high and varied from  wide. The southern extreme of the causeway was modified with the construction of a stucco-covered platform with masonry walls defining the east and south sides. From the southern end of the causeway to the union with Via 5 there is an approximate difference in altitude of more than . There is some evidence that steps were carved from the limestone bedrock where the southern platform met the Lake Causeway. During a second phase of construction in the Late Classic, the southern platform was enlarged to measure  east-west by  north-south. The platform was supported on the south and east sides by refurbished talud walls coated in stucco. The causeway itself was redesigned as a long ramp that joined the southern platform with the city centre and the junction with Via 5. In the Terminal Classic (c. AD 800–900) the southern end of the Lake Causeway was re-dressed with limestone fill. The stepped sides of the southern platform were filled in and covered with stone to form ramps. At about this time Stela A, a plain monument, was erected on the platform. Also in the Terminal Classic the restrictions at the north end of the causeway where it met Via 5 were removed; the whole area was levelled with finely dressed stone and mortar that left the access free for the entire width of the causeway. Ceramic remains recovered from the Lake Causeway are scarce and poorly preserved due to the strong waterflow along the incline caused during the rain season, resulting in artefacts being eroded and washed downhill towards the lake.

Paragraph 2: Mordashov is the son of Russian parents, who were both steel mill workers. According to Mordashov, his family used welfare coupons, allowed only 200g of butter and 400g of sausages per month. He graduated with a bachelor's degree from the Leningrad Engineering-Economical Institute, currently known as ENGECON. He later gained an MBA from Northumbria University in Newcastle upon Tyne, England, in 2001. In an address to students at the European University at Saint Petersburg, Mordashov spoke about his decision to study in Leningrad rather than Moscow and the value his undergraduate studies played in his search for employment and eventual career path. Returning to Cherepovets, he started his career by joining the same steel plant where his parents had worked.

Paragraph 3: Vivie Warren, a thoroughly modern young woman, has just graduated from the University of Cambridge with honours in Mathematics (equal Third Wrangler), and is available for suitors. Her mother, Mrs. Warren (her name changed to hide her identity and give the impression that she is married), arranges for her to meet her friend Mr. Praed, a middle-aged, handsome architect, at the home where Vivie is staying. Mrs. Warren arrives with her business partner, Sir George Crofts, who is attracted to Vivie despite their 25-year age difference. Vivie is romantically involved with the youthful Frank Gardner, who sees her as his meal ticket. His father, the (married) Reverend Samuel Gardner, has a history with Vivie's mother. As we discover later, he may be Vivie's out-of-wedlock father, which would make Vivie and Frank half-siblings. Mrs. Warren successfully justifies to her daughter how she chose her particular profession in order to support her daughter and give her the opportunities she never had. She saved enough money to buy into the business with her sister, and she now owns (with Sir George) a chain of brothels across Europe. Vivie is, at first, horrified by the revelation, but then lauds her mother as a champion. However, the reconciliation ends when Vivie finds out that her mother continues to run the business even though she no longer needs to. Vivie takes an office job in the city and dumps Frank, vowing she will never marry. She disowns her mother, and Mrs. Warren is left heartbroken, having looked forward to growing old with her daughter.

Paragraph 4: Ayres Borghi-Zerni was born in Buenos Aires in 1895 to a musical family. Her father was Edgardo Zerni, an Italian operatic tenor of modest reputation, and her aunt was Adele Borghi, a prominent mezzo-soprano admired by Giuseppe Verdi himself. Little is known about Ayres's early years. She studied singing in Milan under a teacher called Bonanno and made her debut in 1914 at the Teatro dal Verme as Micaela in Georges Bizet's Carmen. In the next two years she made a number of successful appearances on Italian provincial stages, amongst which was the Teatro della Pergola in Florence where in 1916 she appeared as Gilda in Verdi's Rigoletto. In 1917 Ayres Borghi-Zerni toured South America, where she sang Lucia di Lammermoor in Gaetano Donizetti's opera of the same title and Violetta in Verdi's La traviata at the Gran Teatro de La Habana, National Theatre of Venezuela and the Teatro Arbeu in Mexico. The following year Ayres Borghi-Zerni made her first appearance at an important Italian opera house - Teatro Comunale di Bologna, where she performed Gilda in Rigoletto and Amina in Vincenzo Bellini's La sonnambula. This signed the beginning of her important career: in the following ten years (1918-1928) Borghi-Zerni was invited to sing at the most prominent theatres of Italy, amongst which were the Teatro Costanzi in Rome (in 1918 and 1922), the Teatro Massimo in Palermo (in 1919), the Teatro San Carlo in Naples (in 1919, 1920, 1924, 1925 and 1928), the Teatro La Fenice in Venice (in 1921, 1926 and 1927) and the Teatro Regio in Turin (in 1922). It seems quite strange, though, that she never appeared at the Teatro alla Scala. Apart from the greatest Italian stages, Borghi-Zerni was tremendously successful in at The Royal Opera House in London, where in 1919 she sang Violetta in La traviata. She also made guest appearances at the Teatro Liceo in Barcelona (also in 1919, in Gioacchino Rossini's Il barbiere di Siviglia, Lucia di Lammermoor and  Rigoletto) and the Opéra de Monte-Carlo (in 1920, in La traviata, Rigoletto (as a partner of the great tenor Beniamino Gigli) and the world premiere of Raoul Gunsbourg's new opera Satan). Ayres Borghi-Zerni's career did not last long, as she seems to have retired from the stage in 1928. She gave her last performances as Violetta and Lucia in 1928 (at the Teatro San Carlo and Politeama Reinach in Parma), and after this point her life is unknown.

Paragraph 5: The Dodgers began the month of June where they left off in May, losing their fifth straight game. This time they committed four errors and were pounded by the Colorado Rockies 13–3 at Coors Field. In that game, the Dodgers set a Major League record by having five sons of former Major Leaguers in the lineup at the same time (Tony Gwynn Jr., Jerry Hairston Jr., Iván DeJesús Jr., Dee Gordon and Scott Van Slyke). It was also the first time a starting infield of four major league sons had ever occurred: first baseman Van Slyke, second baseman Hairston, third baseman De Jesus and shortstop Gordon. The losing streak came to an end the next day, when they got a strong pitching performance from Aaron Harang and some timely hitting, including Bobby Abreu's first homer as a Dodger, in a 6–2 win. However, the Dodgers offense went back into hibernation the next day as they dropped the series finale to the Rockies 3–2. The Dodgers road trip continued on June 4 as they traveled to Citizens Bank Park to open a four-game series against the Philadelphia Phillies. Dee Gordon hit a triple to lead off the ninth against Phillies closer Jonathan Papelbon and then scored on a single by Elián Herrera to give the Dodgers the winning margin in the 4–3 victory. Herrera came through the next night as well, hitting a two-RBI double off Cliff Lee in the top of the eighth to give the Dodgers the go-ahead run in a 2–1 victory over the Phillies. Dee Gordon delivered a two-run single during the Dodgers three-run sixth inning on June 6 as they again came from behind to beat the Phillies, this time by a score of 6–5. Kenley Jansen picked up his third save in three days against the Phillies. The Dodgers, helped by three Phillies errors, swept the series with an 8–3 victory in the series finale. The victory was the 100th career win for pitcher Aaron Harang and the team's first ever four-game series sweep in Philadelphia. The Dodgers continued the lengthy road trip with a cross-country flight to Seattle to take on the Mariners in interleague play. In the opener Nathan Eovaldi pitched six scoreless innings before the Mariners got a run off of relief pitcher Scott Elbert. It was all they needed because Kevin Millwood and five relief pitchers combined to pitch a no-hitter against the Dodgers. This was the first official no-hitter against the Dodgers since Kent Mercker of the Atlanta Braves had done it on April 4, 1994. The Dodgers got back into the winning ways the next day as Clayton Kershaw stuck out a season-high 12 batters in 7 innings and Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a home run and had 5 RBI in the 8–3 win. Andre Ethier hit his fourth career grand slam to back Chad Billingsley's strong effort as the Dodgers closed out the lengthy road trip with an 8–2 victory over the Mariners. Billingsley allowed only one run in 7 innings while striking out 8.

Paragraph 6: The original SMA correlator was designed to correlate 2 GHz of IF bandwidth per sideband from each of two active receivers in eight antennas, producing spectral data for 28 baselines.    Because the analog-to-digital converters sampled at 208 MHz, the IF was downconverted into 24 partially overlapping "chunks", each 104 MHz wide, before sampling.  After sampling, the data were sent to 90 large PC boards, each of which held 32 ASIC correlator chips.   The correlator was an XF design; in the default configuration 6144 lags were calculated for each of two receivers on 28 baselines, before an FFT was applied to convert the lag data to spectra.   In the default configuration the spectral resolution was 812.5 kHz per channel, but the correlator could be reconfigured to increase the spectral resolution on certain chunks, at the expense of lower resolution elsewhere in the spectrum.  The correlator chips were designed at MIT Haystack, and funded by five institutions: SMA, USNO, NASA, NRFA and JIVE.    The correlator could also be configured to correlate all 45 baselines produced by adding the CSO and JCMT to the array, but only for a single receiver per antenna.

Paragraph 7: Enric Valor was born in 1911,  the son of an affluent family from Castalla, in the Valencian comarca of l'Alcoià. In 1930, at the age of nineteen, he became a journalist in Alicante writing in the satirical newspaper El Tio Cuc, in Valencian. During the Second Spanish Republic he started to become politically active. His main demand was for autonomous status for the Land of Valencia. He was also at this time working in the city of Valencia in the nationalist newspapers  La República de les Lletres, El Camí and El País Valencià. When the Spanish Civil War broke out he supported the Spanish Republic.

Paragraph 8: On January 1, 1868, construction began on the first line connecting Denver and Golden. On January 14, the company changed its name to Colorado Central Railroad.  Construction of the first line was slow. By the end of the year, only the small portion (less than 12 miles) between Denver and Golden had been graded. In the meantime, former Territorial Governor John Evans (co-conspirator of the Sand Creek Massacre) and other business leaders from Denver City, including David Moffat, William Byers (Rocky Mountain News), Joseph E. Bates, Bela Hughes, Walter Cheesman (Denver Water) and Luther Kountze (Colorado National Bank), formed the Denver Pacific Railway on November 19, 1867, with the intention of building a rail line from Denver to Cheyenne. The formation of the Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company set off an intense struggle over the next two years between the two companies to complete their lines connecting to Union Pacific. By the following year, the success of the Denver Pacific investors in persuading the United States Congress to grant them land allowing them to construct a line throughout the South Platte River valley to Cheyenne made it evident that Denver would prevail over Golden. The Denver Pacific line was complete in June 1870 and the first train arrived in Denver from Cheyenne, bypassing Golden. Two months later, the Kansas Pacific completed its line to Denver, linking up with the Denver Pacific, and cementing the central role of Denver in Colorado.

Paragraph 9: "It is told of him, as showing his strength and endurance, that when repairs were needed for the mill, that he would mount a horse and carry the part – often of heavy iron – to Montreal, get it mended and without stopping to rest, would ride back to Hull, making a journey of 240 miles through a wild country, under the most tiring conditions.""I recently met an old resident of the Township, who remembered many of the pioneers. He was one of those rare beings who seemed to remember only the good qualities of the men he had known. "Another kind hearted man" said he "was Andy Leamy. I've known him to be driving along the road with a load of supplies for his lumber camp, and passing the hovel of a family in need, throw off a barrel of flour and pass on as though he thought nothing of it. Andy didn't make much pretense of being a saint, but he did a whole lot of good all the same."John Lowrey Gourlay wrote this passage about an incident of a religious nature that occurred in 1835 in Wright's Town, when Leamy was 19 years-old:"A man of fervor, (Reverend) Burwell, declared to his people from the pulpit, and in the parlor, shop and store, his newly-found views that struck most people with the force of all new ideas. His success in Hull seemed considerable, several influential people becoming obedient to the new faith. … Nevertheless the mob in Hull undertook to dictate to those who took up the new opinions, or at least to greatly disturb their meetings. … The late Andrew Leamy, a famous old warrior, took sometimes an active hand in these troubles. Often from sharp and angry words they went to blows, marking each others face's very picturesquely. ... Rev. Adam Hood Burwell eloquently and ably propagated these notions, and one or two Presbyterian families or heads of families were pleased with the views he advanced and for a time joined the party. Mr. Ruggles Wright opposed these views and refused his hall for their propagation. Mr. Alonzo Wright did not join them, but fiercely opposed the mobs, sometimes led by his uncle, Mr. Andrew Leamy who handled them roughly."In 1874, William Pittman Lett, Ottawa's first City Clerk, in his epic poem "Recollections of Bytown and Its Old Inhabitants" writes:"And Andrew Leamy in his time.Was head of many a stirring "shine;"A man of mark he might be singled,In whom the good and bad commingled,In equal balance in such a way,That each in turn had its sway.He's gone! The grass grows o'er his head,The Muse deals gently with the dead."William Lett's poem makes reference to Leamy's participation in one event where Leamy participated in a brawl in 1837, when 21 yr.-old Andrew and others were charged with creating a disturbance at a lumbermen's meeting in Bytown. The meeting was disrupted by Catholics who were protesting the "disrespect offered by the Protestants to a statue of the Virgin Mary" in the procession of the day before. Once again, Leamy was thus involved in a conflict of a religious nature, a disturbance cited by Dr. Michael S. Cross, historian, as an example of how the many disturbances during the Shiners' War not only had little to do with logging, but may also have had nothing to do with the Shiners (One disputed allegation recorded in the testimony of the case indicates that the men were associated with Peter Aylen). Andrew was only accused of breaking a window to enter the room and was acquitted of the charge of creating a disturbance.Proceedings of Police Magistrates, Bytown, January 12 and 13, 1837, AO MacKenxie-Lindsey Papers, MU2366

Paragraph 10: The Rhein Fire managed to get the game's early sparks going as they had a nine-play, 46-yard drive that led to a 31-yard field goal by Manfred Burgsmüller. However, the Dragons would put up some real firepower, as Dragons quarterback Jon Kitna led a four-play, 80-yard drive that was capped off with a 13-yard run by running back Terry Wilburn. Then, more than halfway through the first quarter, as Rhein began a drive from deep in their own territory, quarterback T. J. Rubley threw an interception towards Dragons safety Carlos Brooks, who returned the ball 16 yards for a touchdown. In the second quarter, the fireworks managed to start flying. Rubley would lead a seven-play, 39-yard drive and cap it off with a touchdown on a three-yard quarterback sneak. However, Kitna and the Dragons would respond with a four-play, 79-yard drive that concluded with a 66-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Marco Martos. Then, a little later in the quarter, the Dragons would further increase their lead with a five-play, 80-yard drive that ended with a 40-yard pass to wide receiver Alfonzo Browning. However, the Rhein Fire refused to trail 28–10 at halftime. Near the end of the half, Rubley would lead a nine-play, 56-yard drive that concluded with him running the ball in for a touchdown on a one-yard quarterback sneak. In the third quarter, both sides had their defenses stiffen throughout most of the quarter. However, the Dragons would eventually get an eight-play, 90-yard drive working for them, as Terry Wilburn capped off the drive with a four-yard touchdown run. Trailing 35–17 heading into the fourth quarter, the Rhein Fire had to get some points quick and fast. Unfortunately for them, the only score that they could get in the final quarter was a 22-yard pass from Rubley to wide receiver Sean Foster. The Dragons then capped off their World Bowl title with a 34-yard field goal by Spanish kicker Jesús Angoy.

Paragraph 11: Virgin Media included Madge in their top ten favourite soap characters poll in 2007. Orange UK describe Madge's style as being "slightly transsexual" and they stated "She was the gravel-voiced matriarch of Ramsay Street. When she was not busy fending off the advances of Lou Carpenter, ruling tomboy daughter Charlene with an iron grip or running the coffee shop, she was marrying Harold Bishop." In 2013, Rachael Misstear from Western Mail included Madge's death in her list of the "10 tear-jerking soap opera exits". She commented "It was one of the most heartbreaking deaths in the Ozzie soap's history. When one half of the golden couple in Aussie soap-land died, it left an army of fans bereft. How would Harold Bishop go on without his beloved Madge?" Madge was placed at number five on the Huffpost's "35 greatest Neighbours characters of all time" feature. Journalist Adam Beresford described her as a "classic soap matriarch" and quickly established herself as "one of the audience’s favourite characters." He added that her early infamy came from exasperated maternal cries of "Charleeene!" when shouting her daughter and her nightmarish "hoarse wail". Beresford assessed that Madge was "representing generations of Aussie women whose toughness earned the respect of their menfolk, Madge was a forthright force of nature." In 2022, Kate Randall from Heat included Madge and Harold in the magazine's top ten Neighbours characters of all time feature. Randall profiled the duo stating "love's old dream, these two were everything we adored about Neighbours." In a feature profiling the "top 12 iconic Neighbours characters", critic Sheena McGinley of the Irish Independent placed Madge and Harold as joint tenth place. Sam Strutt of The Guardian compiled a feature counting down the top ten most memorable moments from history of Neighbours. Strutt included Madge's death as the fourth most memorable. Anne-Marie O'Connor of New Ross Standard branded Madge a "gruff voiced old vixen". O'Connor found Madge's funeral so emotional that she stated "pass the Kleenex and be prepared to blub your way through Neighbours this week."

Paragraph 12: The Punta dance is performed by a man and a woman who evolve separately in a circle formed by the spectators. They begin facing each other and the figure varies with the ingenuity of the dancers, but always represents the evolution of a courtship in which first the man pursues, and then the woman, while the other retreats; and ends only when one of them, from exhaustion or from lack of further initiative, admits defeat by retiring from the ring, to have his or her place immediately taken by another. Punta dance is a mimetic cock-and-hen mating dance with rapid movements of the buttocks, hips, and feet, while the upper torso remains motionless. Couples attempt to dance more stylistically and seductively, with better hip movements, than their competitors. As the evening progresses, the Punta became extremely “hot”; while the spectators egged on their favorites with cries of: mígira-ba labu, “don't leave (off) under him!” or: mígira-ba tabu, “don't leave (off) under her!” which has the same effect as, “don't let him (or her) beat you!”

Paragraph 13: During seasons one and two, the opening sequence begins with images of Balki and Larry wiping sideways from opposite sides of the screen to meet in the middle, with the series title superimposed on top.  Larry is shown saying good-bye to his family as he leaves his home in Wisconsin, and drives to Chicago in his old red Ford Mustang.  The sequence then shifts to Balki, who is shown making his own farewells on Mypos before being driven off on the back of a horsecart, sitting alongside a box mislabeled "America or Burst".  Balki is next seen on the tramp steamer as he sights the Statue of Liberty, then on a bus, presumably making his way to Chicago.  After a brief shot of Larry driving under a "Welcome to Chicago" sign (in reality, located on eastbound Interstate 190 leading out of O'Hare International Airport), the sequence ends with the same shot of Balki and Larry together that began the sequence.  The first season featured a script font for the series title and credits.  For the second season, the show's title appears more similar to later seasons, and the script font is replaced with the fonts similar to that used in the remaining seasons.  The Lake Shore Drive footage is now shown correctly.  Additionally, the Larry and Balki sequences are shortened so that brief clips from some of the early episodes could be shown.

Paragraph 14: Before the existence of a formal police department, the first night watch was established in Boston in 1635. In 1703, pay in the sum of 35 shillings a month was set for members of the night watch. In 1796, the watch was reorganized, and the watchmen carried a badge of office, a rattle, and a six-foot pole, which was painted blue and white with a hook on one end and a bill on the other. The hook was used to grab fleeing criminals, and the rounded "bill" was used as a weapon. The rattle was a noise-making device used for calling for assistance.

Paragraph 15: The band have stated that Oliver was only added to the band so he could go on tour with them as a photographer, for they were impressed by his work. The band asked their management if they could bring Oliver on tour with them in 2000. They were told they could not afford to take someone who was not part of the band or their crew with them, so Oliver bought a set of turntables and quickly learnt what he needed to play. It is unclear how this occurrence coincides with ex-turntablist DJ Stepzak's departure from the band. As the band themselves worked on the remastered The Fake Sound of Progress, it can be assumed that the notably larger changes in the turntable and sample parts (recorded by Stepzak) compared to the other instruments is due to Oliver's influence on the record.

Paragraph 16: One week before the start of the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, he finished second in the World Sprint Championships, behind a supreme Dan Jansen. This made Jansen the favourite for both the 500 and the 1,000 m. But because of a family tragedy (his sister died from leukemia just hours before the start of the 500 m), Jansen turned out to be mentally incapable of sprinting a perfect race; on both distances, Jansen fell. But it still remains doubtful if Jansen would have been able to beat Mey that day; the East German raced perfectly, faster than anyone had ever raced before. His opening time on the first 100 m of the 500 m was 9.76 and he finished in a new world record time of 36.45, a legendary record that would stand firm for four years.

Paragraph 17: Kim completed a BSc(Hons) in 1987 and PhD in 1990 at the University of Canterbury in New Zealand, followed by postdoctoral research at the Australian National University. From 1991 to 2001 Kim worked as a lecturer and senior lecturer in at the University of Waikato in Hamilton, New Zealand, where he developed teaching and research interests in environmental chemistry, analytical chemistry and forensic science. It was during this period that Kim started creating science cartoons, which were initially published on Usenet and subsequently developed to an online archive hosted at Ohio State University, and (in print form) New Zealand Science Monthly.  In the subsequent decade from 2002 to 2011 Kim worked as a scientist at the Waikato Regional Council, a local government region of the upper North Island of New Zealand, specialising in scientific and regulatory aspects of environmental contamination issues, including development of local and national policy documents. In 2012 he returned to an academic position as a senior lecturer in applied environmental chemistry at Massey University in Wellington, where he has remained since. Kim teaches chemistry, toxicology, and environmental monitoring, and coordinates Massey University's undergraduate teaching programme in Environmental Health.  Kim is contributing editor of the Annals of Improbable Research.

Paragraph 18: Channel 9 signed on the air on October 11, 1949, as WOR-TV. It was owned by the Bamberger Broadcasting Service (a division of R.H. Macy and Company and named after the Bamberger's department store chain), which also operated WOR (710 AM) and WOR-FM (98.7 FM, now WEPN-FM). Exactly ten months earlier, Bamberger launched Washington, D.C.'s fourth television station, WOIC (now WUSA), also on channel 9. WOR-TV entered the New York market as the last of the city's VHF stations to sign on, and one of three independents—the others being WPIX (channel 11) and Newark, New Jersey-based WATV (channel 13). On WOR-TV's opening night, a welcome address was read by WOR radio's morning host, John B. Gambling. However, the audio portion of the speech was not heard because of a technical glitch. The problem was fixed and Gambling repeated the message later that evening, prior to the station's sign-off.

Paragraph 19: As a testament to its Scottish heritage, the school has a very well known pipe band: The Scots College Pipes and Drums, established in 1900. The original band consisted of five members – boys who had joined the cadets as pipers. There are now over 230 boys in the band, making it the largest in the Southern Hemisphere. In 1931 the band was granted permission to wear the tartan of the Black Watch regiment. The band's royal patron was formerly the Queen Mother. Traditionally, the Scots Pipes and Drums leads the annual ANZAC Day parade through Sydney. At the 2006 Australian Pipe band Championships, the Drum Corps won the Juvenile Drum Corp title, and the band as a whole earned a respectable third place. These results were then followed up by a successful run at the 2008 Australian Pipe Band Championships, where the band won both the Juvenile and Grade 4 title. These are the best results the band has seen in its long and prosperous history. The Pipes and Drums was recently invited and participated in the 2012 Queen's Diamond Jubilee Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo, the 2014 Basel Tattoo and went back to Edinburgh in 2016 to participate again in the Royal Edinburgh Tattoo

Paragraph 20:  Albert Edward Crook CBE, Principal Inspector of Mechanical Engineering, Mines Inspectorate, Ministry of Power. Albert E Crook was born in Hindley Lancashire in 1901, and educated at the Hindley Abram Grammar School and the Wigan and District Mining and Technical College where he studied mechanical and electrical engineering. Before the coal mines were nationalised he had 28 years experience in the industry as an engineering apprentice, draughtsman, engineer and assistant chief engineer; firstly with the Pearson Knowles Coal and Iron Company Ltd, and then with the Wigan Coal Corporation Ltd, which controlled many collieries in Lancashire, North Wales and Nottinghamshire. In 1944 Mr Crook became the first inspector of Mechanical Engineering in Mines  - A post recommended by the Royal Commission on safety in  Coal Mines 1938.He developed the mechanical engineering section of the Mies inspectorate and was actively associated with the application of locomotive transport, friction winding apparatus, precautions against overwinding and alloy steel suspension gear for cages. He was concerned with the engineering aspects of many mining regulations, including the Code of Mining Regulations issued by the International Labour office in 1950, the Mines and Quarry Act 1954, and he made the official report on the overwinding incident which occurred  at Brookhouse Colliery in 1958. In that year he became chief engineer 9 Production ) to the National Coal Boar. he was Director of Engineering to the Board from 1962 to 1966, when he retired. Albert E Crook was also involved in the Eassington Pit disaster investigation 1951. Mr Crook is the author of many technical papers to professional societies in this country and abroad, including the National Safety Congress of America. He was awarded the Gold Medal of the Midlands Counties Institute of Engineers 1947 for his paper on " Precautions Against Overwinding"and the Gold Medal of the A.M.E.M.E in 1950 for his paper on " Some fundamentals of Underground Haulage By Locomotives" In 1960 the Institution of Mining Engineers awarded him the Douglas Hay Medal and Certificate in recognition of his valuable contributions to engineering practice in mining with special reference to haulage and winding , and for his papers on these subjects in the Transactions of the Institution. Mr Crook CBE was a Chartered Engineer, a fellow of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, a fellow of the Institution of Mining Engineers and a Fellow of the Association since 1926. He was National president of the Association 1960 -1961 a Vice - President from 1958 - 1960. Convenor of the Membership Committee and he was a member of the examination Board for many years. he was a  member of the Training and Education Committee and President of the North Western Branch in 1940 - 1941 when he proposed that the Institutions title should be altered to its present form. Me Crook was appointed a Commander of the British Empire CBE in 1958. He was chairman of the Colliery Requisites Industry Standards Committee from 1962 - 1967 and was President of the Southern Counties Institute of Mining Engineers for the season 1965 - 196. Since 1966 he was Chairman of the City and Guilds of London Coal Mining Education Advisory Committee, and from 1967 Chairman of the Mining and Quarrying Industry Standards Committee.

Paragraph 21: For those that are determined to be medically cleared for surgery, the anatomical location and size of the perforation must be determined. This is often done with a combination of a CT scan of the sinuses without contrast and an endoscopic evaluation by an Ear Nose and Throat doctor. Once dimensions are obtained the surgeon will decide if it is possible to close the perforation. Multiple approaches to access the septum have been described in the literature. While sublabial and midfacial degloving approaches have been described, the most popular today is the rhinoplasty approach. This can include both open and closed methods. The open method results in a scar on the columella, however, it allows for more visibility to the surgeon. The closed method utilizes an incision all on the inside of the nose. The concept behind closure includes bringing together the edges of mucosa on each side of the perforation with minimal tension. An interposition graft is also often used. The interposition graft provides extended stability and also structure to the area of the perforation. Classically, a graft from the scalp utilizing temporalis fascia was used. Kridel, et al., first described the usage of acellular dermis so that no further incisions are required; they reported an excellent closure rate of over 90 percent. Overall perforation closure rates are variable and often determined by the skill of the surgeon and technique used. Often surgeons who claim a high rate of closure choose perforations that are easier to close. An open rhinoplasty approach also allows for better access to the nose to repair any concurrent nasal deformities, such as saddle nose deformity, that occur with a septal perforation.

Paragraph 22: SR 128 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 50 (US 50), in Cleves, on the west bank of the Great Miami River. The highway heads north as a two-lane highway passing through woodland and parallel to the river. The road curves northeast, before curving southeast, passing through commercial properties. The route curves northeast and has an interchange with Interstate 74 (I–74) and I–275. North of the interchange SR 128 curves due north passing through Miamitown. The highway curves northwest before leaving the town. The route heads northwest passing through a mix of farmland and woodland. The roadway enters Ross and begins a concurrency with SR 126. The concurrency passes through residential properties, with some commercial properties.

Paragraph 23: He was sent by the Russian government in 1735 to assist in the Orenburg expedition in the rank of a sea captain. During this mission he was sent to explore Lake Aral, but was hindered by the Tartars from reaching the lake. He then employed himself in surveying the south-eastern frontier of Russia, particularly part of the basins of the Kama, Volga, and Jaik. Returning to St. Petersburg in January 1738, he took umbrage at not obtaining promotion and quit the Russian service. In the same year he proposed to some of the British factors at St. Petersburg to carry on a trade through Russia into Iran and central Asia by way of the Caspian Sea. Associating himself with Mungo Graeme, a young Scot, he obtained credit for a small cargo of goods suitable for Khiva and Bokhara. They left Moscow on 19 March 1738-9, and, proceeding down the Volga from Nijni Novgorod to Astrakhan, embarked on the Caspian for Karagansk. At Karagansk they received such unpromising accounts of the state of the steppe that they resolved to continue their voyage to Rasht in Iran. Elton was successful in finding a good market and in obtaining a decree from the shah granting them liberty to trade throughout Iran, and extraordinary privileges. He persuaded the Russia Company to take up his scheme, and in 1741 an Act of Parliament sanctioning the trade was passed. In 1742 two ships were built on the Caspian, and Elton was placed in command of the first completed. These vessels carried the English flag, which, however, Anthony Jenkinson claimed to have first displayed on the Caspian about 1558. The apprehensions of the Russian court were, however, excited by the intelligence that Elton was building ships on the Caspian, after the European fashion, for the Iranian sovereign, Nader Shah. On receipt of the intelligence the Russia Company despatched Jonas Hanway to make inquiry concerning Elton's proceedings. Hanway arrived at Rasht on 3 December 1743 and found Elton earnestly pressing forward the construction of Iranian vessels. The Russian court, indignant at Elton's action, refused to countenance the Caspian trade and ruined the expectations of the Russia Company.

Paragraph 24: His short story "Natasha", which originally appeared in Harper's, was included in the Best American Short Stories 2005 collection. His short story "The Train of Their Departure", which The New Yorker featured in its August 2010 issue, is actually an excerpt from his first novel The Free World, released on April 4, 2011, to wide acclaim. His short stories "Tapka" and "The Russian Riviera" were also published in The New Yorker.  His short stories "The Second Strongest Man" and "A New Gravestone for an Old Grave" have been published in Zoetrope All-Story. "A New Gravestone for an Old Grave" was also included in the Best American Short Stories 2006 collection.

Paragraph 25: Gottlieb was born in Drohobycz (then in Galicia in Austrian Poland, now in western Ukraine) to a wealthy, Yiddish and Polish-speaking Orthodox Jewish family. He was one of eleven children born to Fanya (née Tigerman) and Isaac Gottlieb. He was introduced to painting in Lemberg by Michał Godlewski. At fifteen, he enrolled at the Vienna Fine Arts Academy for three years. In 1873 he went to Kraków to study under Jan Matejko and became close friends with Jacek Malczewski. However, an anti-Semitic incident at the School of Fine Arts prompted him to leave Kraków after less than a year in spite of Malczewski's protests. He traveled to Norway and stayed in Molde. He returned to Vienna and from there travelled to Munich in 1875 to study under Karl von Piloty and Alexander von Wagner. In 1876 he won the Gold Medal at the Munich Academy for his painting, Shylock and Jessica. In the same year, he moved back to Vienna to attend the workshop of Heinrich von Angeli. He lived and worked in Vienna for the next two years and produced paintings with biblical themes, as well as illustrations for Friedrich Bruckmann Publishing of Munich.

Paragraph 26: The name Lom Palanka was mentioned for the first time in 1704. The settlement then called Palanka stood between village and town in size and importance. In 1798 Lom suffered from brigand raids. With the development of shipping along the Danube after 1830, the importance of the town grew. The road to Sofia contributed to its progress and turned it into a main export port to Vienna (Austria). By 1869 there were 120 shops, 148 trade offices, 175 food shops, 34 coffee bars, six hotels and two mills. The town was centred on the old Kale (fortress), which was entered through three kapii (gates) — Vidinska, Belogradchishka, Sofiyska. The tradesmen from Lom offered goods at the biggest fairs in the region and beyond. In 1880 there were 7,500 inhabitants in the town.

Paragraph 27: After starting a band with his children, Abraham Quintanilla, Jr. became the group's manager and began promoting it. The group recorded an album with Freddie Records in 1984, though it was never released. Abraham provided two demos to Charlie Grever, father of Bob Grever owner of Cara Records, who signed then-thirteen year old Selena to the recording label. Manny Guerra, who separated from Cara Records, started his own record label. Guerra wanted to sign Selena to his recording label in 1985. Guerra dissolved the agreement between Cara Records and Selena when it was brought to his attention. Selena recorded five LP records for Manny's GP Productions by 1988, without a contract. Abraham expressed in an interview how he forgot to sign it, and noticed how Guerra stopped asking him about the contract after Selena became more popular. At the 1989 Tejano Music Awards, Selena was approached by Rick Trevino to be the opening act after La Sombra declined the offer. Jose Behar of newly formed EMI Latin and the heads of Sony Music attended the awards ceremony and were scouting for new acts. Behar wanted to sign Selena to his label, while Sony Music was offering twice EMI's offer. Behar believed he had discovered "the next Gloria Estefan", which his superior called him illogical since he had only been in Texas for a week. Abraham chose EMI Latin's offer because of the potential for a crossover, and he wanted his children to be the first musicians to sign with the company. Before Selena began recording her debut album, Behar and Stephen Finfer requested a crossover album for her. The singer recorded three English-language songs for the heads of EMI's pop division. Behar and Finfer's request for a crossover album was denied and Selena was told she needed a bigger fan base to sell such an album. Behar thought EMI Records and the public did not believe that a Mexican-American woman could have "crossover potential" after Charles Koppelman denied the project. The company believed Selena had potential in Mexico and South American markets when they signed the singer in 1989.

Paragraph 28: In response to Turin's 2013 paper, involving deuterated and undeuterated isotopomers of the musk cyclopentadecanone, Block et al. in a 2015 paper in PNAS report that the human musk-recognizing receptor, OR5AN1, identified using a heterologous olfactory receptor expression system and robustly responding to cyclopentadecanone and muscone (which has 30 hydrogens), fails to distinguish isotopomers of these compounds in vitro. Furthermore, the mouse (methylthio)methanethiol-recognizing receptor, MOR244-3, as well as other selected human and mouse olfactory receptors, responded similarly to normal, deuterated, and carbon-13 isotopomers of their respective ligands, paralleling results found with the musk receptor OR5AN1. Based on these findings, the authors conclude that the proposed vibration theory of olfaction does not apply to the human musk receptor OR5AN1, mouse thiol receptor MOR244-3, or other olfactory receptors examined. Additionally, theoretical analysis by the authors shows that the proposed electron transfer mechanism of the vibrational frequencies of odorants could be easily suppressed by quantum effects of nonodorant molecular vibrational modes. The authors conclude: "These and other concerns about electron transfer at olfactory receptors, together with our extensive experimental data, argue against the plausibility of the vibration theory." In commenting on this work, Vosshall writes "In PNAS, Block et al…. shift the "shape vs. vibration" debate from olfactory psychophysics to the biophysics of the ORs themselves. The authors mount a sophisticated multidisciplinary attack on the central tenets of the vibration theory using synthetic organic chemistry, heterologous expression of olfactory receptors, and theoretical considerations to find no evidence to support the vibration theory of smell." While Turin comments that Block used "cells in a dish rather than within whole organisms" and that "expressing an olfactory receptor in human embryonic kidney cells doesn't adequately reconstitute the complex nature of olfaction...", Vosshall responds "Embryonic kidney cells are not identical to the cells in the nose .. but if you are looking at receptors, it's the best system in the world." In a Letter to the Editor of PNAS, Turin et al. raise concerns about Block et al. and Block et al. respond. A recent study describes the responses of primary olfactory neurons in tissue culture to isotopes and finds that a small fraction of the population (<1%) clearly discriminates between isotopes, some even giving an all-or-or -none response to H or D isotopomers of octanal. The authors attribute this to "hypersensitivity" of some receptors to differences in hydrophobicity between normal and deuterated odorants.

Paragraph 29: In his 2011 book That Is All, John Hodgman titles a chapter about taking a cruise "A Totally Fun Thing I Would Do Again as Soon as Possible". The name of the 2012 Simpsons episode "A Totally Fun Thing That Bart Will Never Do Again" also references the title essay. Tina Fey's 2011 memoir Bossypants includes a chapter on her own cruise experience, titled "My Honeymoon: Or, A Supposedly Fun Thing That I'll Never Do Again Either", in which she jokingly suggests that those who've heard of Wallace's book should consider themselves members of the "cultural elite." In Charlie Kaufman's 2020 film I'm Thinking of Ending Things, the character Jake mentions the book, refers to E Unibus Pluram, then recites a portion of the essay from the section "Image-Fiction" verbatim.

Paragraph 30: The embodiment of the Gopher mascot came to life in 1952 when University of Minnesota assistant bandmaster Jerome Glass bought a fuzzy wool gopher suit with a papier-mâché head and asked one of the band members to climb into it.  "Goldy" Gopher (the first name seems to have appeared sometime in the 1960s) became a fixture within the University of Minnesota Marching Band and Pep Band, as each year a band member was chosen to don the suit for that season. Wherever these two bands performed, Goldy was there to glad-hand with the crowd, hug the little kids, torment the cheerleaders and generally add a friendly Minnesota flavor to the event.