Paragraph 1: The listing describes Georgetown Pike as located in both Fairfax and Arlington Counties, Virginia. Beginning at the boundary of the District of Columbia and Arlington County at Chain Bridge on the south bank of the Potomac River, it extends .4 miles to cross the Fairfax County line, then continues 14 miles in an approximately northwesterly direction to meet the Leesburg Pike near Dranesville in Fairfax County. After beginning the ascent from Chain Bridge, the river is never again visible from the road, although it passes so close to the river at Great Falls that the roar of the water can be heard. The Georgetown Pike roadbed is approximately 20- to 24-feet wide within a 50- to 60-foot-wide right-of-way as built in 1813–1827. A crowned and graduated stone highway, constructed according to a modified Tresaguet system, the Georgetown Pike surpassed the standards of the enabling legislation of both the U. S. Congress and the Assembly of Virginia. John Mason, Jr., president of the Falls Bridge Turnpike Company, wrote to the Board of Public Works in 1820 that the roadbed was "paved with large stone, closely fitted together, 12 inches deep in the centre, falling off to 6 inches on the sides, and covered with broken stone 6 inches deep from side to side; making 18 inches stone in the centre, and twelve inches on the sides; the whole is covered with sand, gravel or clay, as was found most convenient."1 This substantial method of construction has served the road well, as it has survived flooding, war, neglect, and adaptation for automobile traffic. The Georgetown Pike is a road built in conformance with the most advanced engineering expertise and construction resources of the early nineteenth century. Men using hand tools and horse-drawn equipment formed the roadbed, clearing, blasting, plowing, scooping, and filling the rough terrain. Stone retaining walls, culverts, arches, and bridges were built where necessary, working within the context of the natural terrain to the extent possible. An original road bridge with stone and brick viaduct at Bull Neck Run, and a massive stone retaining wall at Pimmit Run in Arlington County are notable survivors. John Templeman, builder of the Potomac Chain Bridge in 1808, served as superintendent of the road from December 1, 1817, to April 30, 1818. He designed and built an additional chain bridge to carry the Pike over Difficult Run. Though this bridge is not extant, it was described by Mason as "220 feet long, and 20 feet wide; it stands on two large stone abutments, and three stone piers 18 feet high; is further supported by three ranges of chains, extending from end to end, resting on the stone piers; and has supports of strong upright timbers between the piers where necessary."

Paragraph 2: The main protagonist of the series. His parents separated when he was very young. His father left his mother for a night club hostess. His mother struggles to make a living by sewing doll clothes at home. His father lies to him about being poor when he and his new family lives in a luxury apartment building and his half brother is provided college tuition to one of Hong Kong's best University's. He decides to enter the Police Cadet Academy since he could not afford to go to University and also hoping that he could become a police officer in order to provide a steady income so his mother can live a better life. Later develops a romantic relationship with his next door neighbor Tse Wing Chi.

Paragraph 3: The Trust's former Chief Operating Officer, Stewart Messer, attempted to ban Stuart Gardner, a UNISON representative of the West Midlands Ambulance Service from Trust premises in January after he told the BBC about 18 patients being treated in corridors at the Worcester Royal Hospital.  Messer claimed the staff were upset.  The Trust later agreed with the union they did not have the authority to ban the paramedic from its premises and an apology was issued for suggesting he should be.  Nurses at the Alexandra Hospital complained of serious bullying by their seniors.  In February it was reported that four emergency consultants had resigned from the Woodrow Drive hospital and another emergency consultant had resigned from the Worcestershire Royal Hospital. Consequently, the future of the Alexandra Hospital Accident and Emergency department was in doubt. Their resignation letter accused “successive management decisions” of undermining services at the Alexandra, which they say has “led to the self-fulfilling prophecy of failing and unsustainable services” and that the proposed service model would be “neither an A&E service nor a safe service”.  In April, after a major incident at Worcestershire Royal Hospital, when seven patients had to be cared for in a corridor, Neal Stote, chairman of the Save the Alex campaign claimed that reconfiguration plans meant that "Worcestershire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust is trying to make us go to a hospital which is not only hard to get to but a hospital which, when you get there, is unable to cope."  The Care Quality Commission carried out an inspection of the trust's accident and emergency departments in March. They found numerous examples where patient safety was at risk. Medication was not given in a timely manner,  patient notes were not up-to-date and there were  "inadequate" security arrangements.  In September Redditch and Bromsgrove Clinical Commissioning Group asked local GPs not to refer patients to the Trust over the next three months because it was unable to treat patients within 18 weeks of referral. Waiting times were out of control in ear, nose and throat, trauma and orthopedics, gynaecology, general surgery and dermatology. 2,347 patients had waited more than 18 weeks.  11 patients were infected after treatment at the Alexandra Hospital endoscopy unit, seven with Pseudomonas and four with Serratia. The machines for decontaminating endoscopes were more than eight years old and in need of replacement.  The trust was put into special measures in December 2015 after a Care Quality Commission inspection in July.  It was still rated inadequate in June 2017, and performance, particularly in emergency care, had deteriorated.

Paragraph 4: The expedition reached Hokkaidō in October 1792, and found the Japanese surprisingly hospitable. The Russians were allowed to spend the winter, and documents about them were sent to the bakufu in Edo. However, Professor Laxman insisted on bringing the castaways to Edo, and said that he would sail there himself even against the Shōgun's wishes. The bakufu sent an envoy to the Matsumae, requesting that the Russians make their way to the town of Matsumae by land. Sensing a trap, the Russians refused, and they were eventually allowed to make port in Hakodate, escorted by a Japanese vessel. They were given a guest house near Matsumae Castle, and were, unusually, allowed to maintain their own customs: they did not deny their Christianity, remove their boots indoors or bow to the Shōgun's envoys. The Japanese envoys gave them three swords and a hundred bags of rice, but also informed them that the Shōgun's rules remained unchangeable: foreigners could trade only at Nagasaki, and only if they came unarmed. All other ships would be subject to seizure. Due to his purposes in returning castaways, Laxman was granted a pardon in this instance, but he refused to relinquish the castaways until he was given something in writing answering his request for trade. The envoys returned three days later with a document restating the rules regarding trade at Nagasaki and the laws against the practice of Christianity in Tokugawa Japan. The Russians never did establish any regular system of trade at Nagasaki, and historians today still disagree as to whether the document given to Professor Laxman was an invitation to trade, or an evasive maneuver on the part of the shogunate. The Russian expedition led by Adam Johann von Krusenstern and Nikolai Rezanov stayed for six months in the port of Nagasaki in 1804–1805, failing to establish diplomatic and trade relations with Japan.

Paragraph 5: From 1919 to 1939, Mitchell taught at the Johns Hopkins University. His students included the undergraduate Alger Hiss (who later recalled Mitchell as one of his favorite teachers but denied that Mitchell's Socialism had swayed him).  Throughout his tenure at Hopkins, two recurring issues landed Mitchell in trouble with the university and opened him up to criticism: first, his radical political and economic views as a socialist, and, second, his outspoken stance supporting equal rights along racial lines.  As one source recounts:    In 1932 a lynching occurred in Salisbury, Maryland. Mitchell was bothered that it received very little attention in the newspapers or by the police. Mitchell decided to do some detective work. The story went that a suspected murderer, Euel Lee, had been abducted and was hanged in front of the courthouse. Broadus talked with many members of the Eastern Shore community to obtain some basic ideas on the opinions of the people in that region. To his surprise nearly everyone involved in the event had been named, but no one had been arrested for the murder. This was very typical of the lynchings that plagued the South from Reconstruction to as late as the 1950s. Many of those who were involved were well-known people in the area. Fear of being socially ostracized, or worse, prevented most people from taking any action at all. [...] The most frustrating aspect for Mitchell was the fact that the local officials had done nothing about it. Mitchell appealed to the state, which replied that it was entirely within the jurisdiction of the local police. Taking his research public, Mitchell said, 'I abhor lynching and officials who allow it should be impeached... The Southerners whom I know and esteem do not believe that the Negro must remain dependant upon the white man and they believe in the orderly administration of law as opposed to mob violence.' Later when asked to write about his experiences at Hopkins, Mitchell mentioned his frustrations with the lynching and wrote, 'Not only did Eastern Shore peace officers do nothing to identify and arrest members of the lynch mob, but the Governor and Attorney General were quiescent.' Unlike nearly all white Southerners of his day, Broadus Mitchell was willing to publicly criticize an entire white community for violating the essential rights of a single African American man.       During his time as professor at Johns Hopkins University, those views led to his resignation (1938) over the university's refusal to admit an African American student into the graduate school.  The student, Edward Lewis, later headed the New York Urban League.

Paragraph 6: Due to this problem related to piracy, even though this might have been a pretext for proceeding with the annexation of the islands to the Roman Republic (for these possible reasons: in order to get new territories for the creation of new cities and colonies in strategic points with fertile lands for agriculture; due to the presence of the skillful Balearic slingers who could serve as mercenaries in the Roman army; for the establishment of commercial routes, which at the same time enhanced a better control of the Mediterranean; apart from questions regarding power, honour, prestige and glory that a general belonging to a family like the Metellus clan needed to reach in order to strengthen his supremacy over the rest members of the Roman aristocracy), the Senate decided to start the Conquest of the Islands, led by the consul Metellus, which was carried out in two years, after which they formed part of the province of Hispania Citerior or Nearer Hispania. In 121 BC., Quintus Caecilius Metellus went back to Rome in order to receive the honours for his successful triumph, getting the nickname ‘the Balearicus’. In these two years a military garrison was established in the port of Sanitja, which is located at the south end of the port, in the highest point (c. 15–20 meters high). Metellus, considering the place to be an important strategic enclave, built a military settlement which included defensive towers placed near the coastline in order to control the entrance of vessels into the port as well as dominate most of the northern coast of the island. Once the conquest came to an end, the military camp continued being use until around 45 BC., something which is attested by some reorganizations of the space and the presence of pottery and other elements which date from the time of the Conquest to the middle of the 1st century BC. On many occasions, the Roman military camp at Sanitja could have participated in the events that took place in the Iberian Peninsula, such as rebellions and civil wars in which the islands got involved with the decisive participation of their armies including the Balearic slingers. One of these episodes is framed in the context of the so-called Sertorian Wars between Sulla and Sertorius, which took place in Hispania between 83 and 72 BC.). Around the same time, there is evidence of the military camp at Sanitja continued being used in a subsequent phase of occupation. After other possible uses of this military camp, the abandonment of the military camp could have taken place around the year 45 BC., when Caesar reorganized the Roman army. Moreover, the Balearic Islands and most of the peninsula enjoyed a period of peace in which the Romanization of the native population might have taken place.

Paragraph 7: The club played their return against Beşiktaş on 6 August without their new players and lost 3–1 in Istanbul, after Manu equalized the game with 16 minutes left to play. This loss knocked them out of the Champions league and into the play-off round of the 2014–15 Europa League, in which they were drawn against Ukrainian side FC Zorya Luhansk. Due to the war in Donbass fought in the clubs' hometown of Luhansk – the city is  from the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash site – Feyenoord's away game was not played at Avanhard Stadium, Zorya Luhansk's home grounds. Feyenoord opened their league campaign on the road against ADO Den Haag, they won this game 1–0 after a stoppage time goal by Te Vrede. On 15 August, Feyenoord announced they loaned forward Colin Kazim-Richards from Bursaspor for one season; the player did not yet play that evening when Feyenoord faced Heerenveen at home. This game saw two goals in three minutes, one by each team, and ended as a 1–1 draw after Te Vrede's equalizer levelled the score in the second half. Feyenoord's away game against Zorya Luhansk was played in Kyiv on 21 August, both teams scored in the first half; Luhansk got the first goal and Te Vrede equalized ten minutes later. The second half remained scoreless, the game ended in a one-all draw. The following Sunday, Feyenoord last their first game, it ended as 1–2 at home against FC Utrecht despite a first half lead from a Te Vrede goal. The next day Feyenoord announced they acquired midfielder Jens Toornstra from FC Utrecht for four years; he did not play against Feyenoord on his last day at FC Utrecht. Feyenoord secured their first European group stage appearance since 2008 on 28 August in a seven-goal home game against Luhansk. Feyenoord went up 2–0 at half time after goals by Te Vrede and Schaken. A Luhansk own goal led them to a comfortable 3–0 lead before conceding three successive goals brought them on the verge of elimination. Manu scored two minutes into stoppage time to give Feyenoord the 4–3 game win and 5–4 aggregate score that qualified them for the group stage of the Europa League. The next day the groups stage draw was held, placing Feyenoord with the Spanish title holder Sevilla FC, Belgian side Standard Liège and Croatian HNK Rijeka. On 31 August, Feyenoord sold midfielder Ruud Vormer to Club Brugge. Feyenoord ended August on the 31st with a scoreless away draw at FC Twente.

Paragraph 8: As a basketball owner, he has been described by Time as a "cheapskate", a reference they also use for his baseball persona.  As of 1995, the time when Scottie Pippen was eager to either be traded or be rid of Krause, he had never renegotiated a contract.  As a baseball owner, he has had a reputation as one of the most militant, anti-union, hard-line owners.  Newsweek described him as "one of the hardest heads in the 1994 baseball strike". In the baseball offseason between the 1992 and 1993 seasons, he completely abstained from the free agent market.  Reinsdorf was one of the last holdouts to the 1996 labor agreement that instituted the salary cap while retaining arbitration rights for the players.  His 1996 signing of Albert Belle made news because of his widely publicized general opposition to spiraling player salaries. The $55 million signing was a turning point in the decision by the baseball owners to agree to revenue sharing. The signing also made Reinsdorf the employer of the highest paid Major League Baseball player and highest paid professional basketball player (Jordan) at the same time.  Reinsdorf had just re-signed Jordan after the 1995–96 NBA season. However, Jordan had been underpaid most of his career, and Reinsdorf, who did not feel he could justify the $30 million salary from a business standpoint, immediately realized he was going to soon feel buyer's remorse. Even his most successful baseball team was not highly paid: when the White Sox won the 2005 World Series, Reinsdorf had the 13th highest payroll of the 30 Major League Baseball teams.

Paragraph 9: Princess Persida, the wife of Prince Aleksandar Karađorđević, paid attention to the cultivating of the court garden and turning it into the more representatively decorated "vernacular garden". Within the transformation of the court complex in the last decades of the 19th century, thanks to King Milan Obrenović's commitment, the decoration of the garden was continued by planting the exotic trees, some of which are preserved until today. The function of the court gardener had great influence in the garden decoration. In 1890s, that function was done by Jofan Sneider, a horticultural expert from Austria. There are not much data about the garden itself. A part of the garden spreading from the Stari dvor (Old Palace) down Dragoslava Jugovića Street, Kralja Aleksandra Boulevard and Kneza Miloša Street, up to the Former Ministry of Army, was  enclosed with an over 3 metres high fence. The entrances were towards Kralja Aleksandra Boulevard and Dragoslava Jovanovića Street. One guard post was placed at the very corner of Kralja Aleksandra Boulevard and Kneza Miloša Street, and the rest of them were placed next to each gate. The fence was made of metal rods, which, until the construction of the Old Palace and setting up the new metal fence with more richly decorated gates, were gilded. The gates obtained the triumphal appearance with the prominent plastic decoration and heraldic emblems probably after the construction of the Novi dvor (New Palace) and the decoration of the court garden with the fountain between the courts. During the garden decoration, the English landscape – free style was applied in Serbia for the first time, conditioned with the existing vegetation in that area. Later on, the French-geometrical style was used particularly in the space between two courts. The court garden was divided into the "garden" faced towards Kralja Milana Street, which was a representative part of the court whole, and the „park“ in the back area, enclosed with the brick fence. In the central part of the park there was a pool with the sculpture of a naked girl holding a jug in her hand, the sculpture which was imported from Vienna, and which still stands there. Behind the Old Konak in the garden, apart from the trees from Serbia (oak, linden, maple...) some exotic types of trees were planted (black walnut, gledichia, koelreuteria, paulownia, catalpa, shcepa...), and some of them are still there. It is assumed that most of the saved trees originates from Pančić's  botanical garden.

Paragraph 10: Deficiency of GALT causes classic galactosemia.  Galactosemia is an autosomal recessive inherited disorder detectable in newborns and childhood.  It occurs at approximately 1 in every 40,000-60,000 live-born infants.  Classical galactosemia (G/G) is caused by a deficiency in GALT activity, whereas the more common clinical manifestations, Duarte (D/D) and the Duarte/Classical variant (D/G) are caused by the attenuation of GALT activity.  Symptoms include ovarian failure, developmental coordination disorder (difficulty speaking correctly and consistently), and neurologic deficits. A single mutation in any of several base pairs can lead to deficiency in GALT activity. For example, a single mutation from A to G in exon 6 of the GALT gene changes Glu188 to an arginine and a mutation from A to G in exon 10 converts Asn314 to an aspartic acid.  These two mutations also add new restriction enzyme cut sites, which enable detection by and large-scale population screening with PCR (polymerase chain reaction). Screening has mostly eliminated neonatal death by G/G galactosemia, but the disease, due to GALT’s role in the biochemical metabolism of ingested galactose (which is toxic when accumulated) to the energetically useful glucose, can certainly be fatal. However, those afflicted with galactosemia can live relatively normal lives by avoiding milk products and anything else containing galactose (because it cannot be metabolized), but there is still the potential for problems in neurological development or other complications, even in those who avoid galactose.

Paragraph 11: The Raash Mela is perhaps the grandest of all festivals which are celebrated all throughout the year in Cooch Behar. It attracts large crowds of people not only from all over the district of Cooch Behar, but also from neighboring districts including adjacent state of Assam and Tripura. According to local history, in 1812 AD Maharaja Harenda Narayan shifted his Kingdom's capital and entered his Palace at Bhetaguri on the auspicious day of Raash Purnima. The celebration began from that year. The fair began being organized over time around the celebration of Raash Purnima by the Maharaja. Later, in 1889 Maharaja Nripendra Narayan constructed the Madan Mohan Temple at Cooch Behar. Prior to this itself the capital had been shifted some decades ago to Cooch Behar. In 1890, the Maharaja seated Lord Madan Mohan at the Madan Mohan Temple at Cooch Behar and Raash Mela started being organized at the present venue around Madan Mohan Temple in Cooch Behar and the Raash-Chakra started being installed at the Madan Mohan Temple during Lord Madan Mohan's Raash Mela. Over the years, the fair increased in significance and became the largest fair and festival in the region, and being held annually from the full moon night of Raash Purnima till the new moon. After the end of Koch Dynasty, the functions of the Maharaja are performed at Raash Mela by the District Magistrate, Cooch Behar who is also the President of Debottar Trust Board. The District Magistrate, Cooch Behar offers Pujo to Lord Madan Mohan and rotates the Raash Chakra, which marks the beginning of the Raash Mela Festival and fair. In 2019, the District Magistrate, Cooch Behar Shri Pawan Kadyan, IAS performed these duties as per tradition like all his predecessors. The fair is held beside Madan Mohan Temple near Bairagi Dighi area. During the fair the entire area of Sagadighi, Bairagidighi, Rifle Club Road, Maharaja Biswasingha Road, Madanmohan Mandir etc. are filled with devotees and visitors. The fair is an ideal place of unification of local folk art and crafts. People throng at the stalls of such items. The handicrafts items made of bamboo, wood, stone, metal are high on demand. Many cultural programmes are organized during the Raash Mela. The official duration is from full moon to new moon which is extended by the District Magistrate, Cooch Behar by a few days every year to fulfill the wishes of all devotees and visitors who visit the Raash Mela from far and wide. The Raash Mela has developed a tradition of its own. It holds a separate identity in the hearts and minds of the people of Cooch Behar for its uniqueness and intangible heritage significance.

Paragraph 12: Bacon is first mentioned as acting in the capacity of attorney to Queen Eleanor in 1278–9, and is described in certain indentures of the exchequer, dated 1288, as 'clericus Regis' and 'custos rotulorum et brevium de Banco' and 'Regis thesauriarius et camerarius,' his business being to keep a list of the cases argued in the common pleas, and to transmit records thereof, and also 'pedes chirographorum,' i.e. memoranda of fines levied throughout the country, to the treasurers and chamberlains of the exchequer, of the receipt of which the indentures already mentioned were acknowledgments. The 'chirographa,' or fines in question, were fictitious suits, by means of which it was the custom to bar entails and convey the landed property of married women. Bacon seems to have held this post as late as 1309. In 1291 he was entrusted with the charge of Leeds Castle in Kent (a royal residence). In 1313 he was appointed to a justiceship of the common pleas, and in the same year we read of his being retained in London to advise the king upon some important matters. In 1314 he was made one of the commissioners of oyer and terminer for the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, to try certain assessors and collectors of the revenue charged with breach of trust. In 1315 William de Beresford, the chief justice of the common pleas, being suddenly summoned to the king, the business of the court devolved upon Thrikingham and Bacon exclusively. We may conjecture that it was not very promptly or efficiently despatched, for it was but a short time since he had been enjoined to pay a more diligent attention to duty. In 1317 he was summoned with the rest of the judges to parliament at Lincoln, but the invasion of the Scots in that year caused the postponement of the parliament sine die. In 1320 he was placed on a commission to try certain persons charged with debasing and counterfeiting the coinage in the counties of Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk, and in 1321 upon another directed to inquire into offences committed by sheriffs and other legal functionaries under colour of their official duties in the counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Huntingdon. He appears to have died in this year, Stonore being appointed justice of the common pleas in his place. He had landed property in Reston, Hemingston, Cleydon, and Akenham, places all of them in the county of Suffolk, and also in Essex, and at Shouldham in Norfolk.

Paragraph 13: Joseph and Janice Nicolich were on their way to their son's wedding in Salt Lake City, Utah, on June 28, 1996. They were on Interstate 80, near Sidney, Nebraska in their Chrysler Town & Country van. Joe was driving, his wife was in the passenger seat, and their granddaughter, Robyn Griffiths (1985–1996), was in the rear seat. It was raining and Joe saw a car stationary at the side of the road with its flashers on. He was pulling onto the shoulder and slowed down to approximately  when he was hit from behind. Robyn Griffiths and Janice Winblad Nicolich were killed.

Paragraph 14: He graduated in 1848 from Yale University, where his uncle Theodore Dwight Woolsey was President, and he was a member of the Phi Chapter of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity. He traveled for a year in Great Britain and Europe and then through the United States, settling in Staten Island in the 1850s. After contributing to periodicals, short sketches, and stories, which attracted little attention, Winthrop enlisted in the 7th Regiment, New York State Militia, an early volunteer unit of the Federal Army that answered President Abraham Lincoln's call for troops in 1861. He wrote a popular essay about the experience titled "Our March to Washington."  He was appointed Major and soon became an aide-de-camp to Major General Benjamin Butler, commander of the Department of Virginia headquartered at Fort Monroe.  Winthrop had, along with his younger brother William Winthrop who later became the nation's leading authority on military law, long been an abolitionist.  Butler credited Winthrop with first formulating the policy that automatically conferred freedmen status on escaped slaves who entered into Union Army held territory.

Paragraph 15: When the United States of America declared war on Germany on 6 April 1917, many in Britain hoped this event would solve all these problems. The two men directly responsible for British tank production, Eustace Tennyson d'Eyncourt and Lieutenant-Colonel Albert Gerald Stern, initially considered sending a delegation to the United States immediately, to convince the new ally to start production of a British tank design. After some reflection they decided it was best to leave the initiative to the Americans. Stern did contact the American Military Attaché in London immediately after war was declared. In June 1917 the first American approaches were made, but not by the US Army as they had expected. The US Navy wanted the most modern tanks for its US Marine Corps. At that moment the current British tank project was the Mark VI. It was designed with existing British industrial capacity in mind, posing limits that might be overcome by larger American production facilities. Stern therefore pretended that an even more advanced project had already been in existence which he called the Mark VIII (there was also a much more conventional Mark VII project). He invited the Americans to participate and contribute as much as they would like to its design. The Navy was on the brink of sending a team of engineers to Britain when the American Department of War was informed of developments by the US Military Attaché in London. It ordered the project to be shifted to the Army and selected Major H. W. Alden – in peacetime he had been an industrial expert – to go to the UK to work with the Mechanical Warfare Department design team at Dollis Hill on the first drawings of the new tank. He arrived in London on the 3 October, to discover that a lot of design work had already been done by Lieutenant G J Rackham, who had been sent to the Front to see for himself how the current designs performed in the dismal conditions then encountered at the battlefield in Flanders.

Paragraph 16: In 1945 the National Mapping Council (NMC) of Australia, comprising Commonwealth and State authorities, was formed to coordinate survey and mapping activities after the Second World War. Despite the huge wartime mapping achievements of producing 224 'four-mile' strategic maps and 397 'one-mile' tactical maps, there was much to be done for a basic coverage of reliable topographic maps for national development and defence. In 1947 a National Mapping Section in the Department of Interior was established and together with the Survey Corps commenced work on the 1954 Cabinet approved general purpose (national development and defence) national topographic map programme, initially the 'four-mile' map then soon after scale 1:250,000 maps (series R502).  Army agreed that when not required for solely military purposes, Survey Corps units would be available to work in the Defence priority areas in the Government approved national geodetic survey and topographic mapping programmes. This programme involved control surveys by astronomical fixes, theodolite and chain triangulation and traverse by theodolite and electro-magnetic distance measurement and all aspects of map compilation from aerial photography, final cartography and map printing.  The Corps' geodetic surveys were integrated with other Commonwealth and State Government surveys to create the NMC sponsored Australian Geodetic Datum 1966 (AGD66) and the associated Australian Map Grid 1966 (AMG66) of Australia and Papua New Guinea and the Australian Height Datum 1971 (AHD71). By 1968 the Corps had completed its commitment of about half of the 540 series R502 maps and it then embarked on the Defence priority part of the 1965 Cabinet endorsed national programme of general purpose scale 1:100,000 topographic maps. This programme required densification of the national geodetic and height survey networks with mapping quality control surveys of Cape York, Gulf of Carpentaria, northern Northern Territory and north-west Western Australia using mainly airborne electromagnetic distance measurement systems (Aerodist). The Corps completed its commitment of 862 of these maps in 1982.

Paragraph 17: In order to find a method that can investigate the characteristics of each individual living in a sociocultural environment instead of assuming an absolute and immutable attribute, Sang Min Whang organized a seminar called “What is Research Methodology?” with his students after starting his post in Yonsei University.  One of the people invited to this seminar was Heung Gyu Kim, a former professor at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, who introduced Q Methodology to Whang.  Afterwards, Whang studied the different thoughts people had from each other on various topics such as “Internet Psychology,” “Future Electronic Products,” etc.  According to Sang Min Whang, Q Methodology makes it possible to do a quantum-mechanical interpretation of the mind unlike the existing factor analysis that was being used in psychology.  That is, psychology based on the existing R-technique factor analysis defines each factor as an absolute characteristic that everyone has and only differs in the extent, while Q Methodology made it possible to deduce how each factor comes together differently and manifests in different ways according to each individual in different environments.  It applied the fact that like how the subject can be conscious of the observer and decide on its movements and change, an individual can be aware of her environment and her own characteristics to manifest them (Refer to Q Workshop Manual).  Afterwards, Sang Min Whang felt the limitation of interpreting each factor deduced from Q Methodology analysis as one characteristic according to the traditional analysis method.  This was because he thought there was a need to separate the positive, easily shown disposition and the negative or hidden disposition that both appear within a single factor instead of abstractly lumping them together.  In order to overcome this limitation, he divided the statements arranged according to the weight attributed to each statement into high, middle, and low and interpreted them as each different characteristics drawn from one factor.  Afterwards, the middle-ranked statement was excluded because it could not reveal a clear disposition about the relevant factor and one factor was interpreted by being divided into two extreme dispositions shown by the highest-ranked statement and lowest-ranked statement.  This is the principle of “extremes meet” being applied to Q Methodology and by interpreting one factor into two extreme dispositions, not only was it clearer how each disposition shows itself in a studied society and but it also became possible to show each characteristics’ interaction with one another.  In addition, by dividing one factor into two extremes, it was possible to find out in Q Methodology research that proceeds with a comparatively small number of participants not only the disposition that is easily admitted by people or accepted in a societal situation (mainstream), but also the characteristic people are reluctant to show or only a minority of people have (non-mainstream).  This new interpretative method based on Q Methodology is found in a number of Sang Min Whang's research.

Paragraph 18: On February 1, 1582 (Lunar calendar) Kiso Joshimasa, one of the Takeda vassals in Shinano, defected to Oda Nobunaga. On February 2, Takeda Katsuyori and his generals left their capital near Kofu in Kai and entered Shinano with some 15.000 men. In response, on February 3, Oda Nobunaga decided to invade Takeda domain from all sides: Tokugawa Ieyasu was to invade Suruga province, Hojo Ujimasa was to attack from Kanto, and Oda Nobutada from Mino. Takeda forts on Mino border had fallen by treachery on February 6, and on February 12 Oda Nobutada entered Shinano province, leading troops from Mino and Owari, advancing to the north-east. Along the way, Takeda castles of Matsuo and Iida surrendered without a fight (February 14) with some commanders defecting to Nobutada, the first of them Ogasawara Nobumine of Matsuo. The only fight was put up at Yagohara castle (February 16), where Takeda lost some 40 samurai. Oshima Castle further north-east fell without a fight, while villagers and lesser gentry (ji-samurai) of Shinano province flocked to Nobutada's army and greeted them as liberators. In the meantime, on February 25, the main Takeda fortress in Suruga surrendered to Tokugawa Ieyasu through treachery of its commander, Anayama Baisetsu, Takeda Shingen's nephew, who was considered one of the principal pillars of the house of Takeda. As Oda forces reached the middle of Shinano province with no opposition to speak of, and the main Takeda supporters in Shinano and Suruga defected to Oda, on February 28. Takeda Katsuyori retreated from Shinano to his home province of Kai, seeking to defend his castle of Shinpu, the new capital of Takeda clan. Katsuyori moved his seat to Shinpu Castle in December 1581, as the old Takeda capital in Kofu was practically undefendable, not a castle but a simple one-story daimyo residence defended by a single moat (built by Takeda Nobutora in 1519), as Takeda chieftains of former generations relied on their army for protection.

Paragraph 19: The Statute of Labourers, passed in the fifth year of Elizabeth I of England's reign (1562), as well as the poor law of the same year, was to a considerable extent both a consolidating and an amending code of law, and was so securely based on public opinion and deeply rooted custom that it was maintained in force for two centuries. It avowedly approves of principles and aims in earlier acts, regulating wages, punishing refusal to work, and preventing free migration of labour. It makes, however, a great advance in its express aim of protecting the poor labourer against insufficient wages, and of devising a machinery, by frequent meeting of justices, which might yield "unto the hired person both in time of scarcity and in time of plenty a convenient proportion of wages." Minute regulations were made governing the contract between master and servant, and their mutual rights and obligations on parallel lines for (a) artificers, (b) labourers in husbandry. Hiring was to be by the year, and any unemployed person qualified in either calling was bound to accept service on pain of imprisonment, if required, unless possessed of property of a specified amount or engaged in art, science or letters, or being a " gentleman." Persons leaving a service were bound to obtain a testimonial, and might not be taken into fresh employment without producing such testimonial, or, if in a new district, until after showing it to the authorities of the place. A master might be fined or a labourer imprisoned, and if contumacious, whipped, for breach of this rule. The carefully devised scheme for technical training of apprentices embodied to a considerable extent the methods and experiences of the craft guilds. Hours of labour were as follows: "All artificers and labourers being hired for wages by the day or week shall, betwixt the midst of the months of March and September, be and continue at their work at or before 5 o'clock in the morning and continue at work and not depart until betwixt 7 and 8 o'clock at night, except it be in the time of breakfast, dinner or drinking, the which time at the most shall not exceed two hours and a half in a day, that is to say, at every drinking half an hour, for his dinner one hour and for his sleep when he is allowed to sleep, the which is from the midst of May to the midst of August, half an hour; and all the said artificers and labourers betwixt the midst of September and the midst of March shall be and continue at their work from the spring of the day in the morning until the night of the same day, except it be in time afore appointed for breakfast and dinner, upon pain to lose and forfeit one penny for every hour's absence, to be deducted and defaulted out of his wages that shall so offend."

Paragraph 20: The first floor formed an arched entrance to the city. The second floor contained guardrooms. Originally these served as barracks for Sukharev's regiment of streltsy, but the streltsy were disbanded at the end of the 17th century. The third floor housed the Moscow School of Mathematics and Navigation. The school was part of Peter's grand plan to introduce western education to Russia. Choglokov did some remodeling in 1701. Count Yakov Bruce made the upper story his astronomical observatory, the first in Russia. The fourth floor had a clock and a state coat-of-arms. "An attractive typically Muscovite, wide exterior staircase led to a gallery on the first floor and surrounding the building."

Paragraph 21: In 1975, Masayuki Suzuki, Masashi Tashiro and Nobuyoshi Kuwano, joined together to form a band called Chanels. The band debuted in 1980 with their first single "Runaway" selling over a million copies and becoming a huge hit. In 1983, the band changed its name to Rats & Star due to complaints from the French fashion giant Chanel. Andy Warhol created the album cover for Soul Vacation and the name change seemed to make no difference in sales, as their first single as Rats & Star, "Me-Gumi no Hito", sold over 800,000 copies. Five of the members were married at Tokyo's Hie Shrine at the same time during 1985, generating a lot of publicity for the group. Rats & Star released a duet with Masayuki's older sister Kiyomi Suzuki called "Lonely Chaplain" in 1986, which also became a huge hit. However, leader Masayuki Suzuki launched a solo career and Rats & Star's activity thus essentially stopped. Afterward, Tashiro and Kuwano remained popular not as musical artists, but as TV performers. They formed Rats & Star again in the limitation of half a year and released the single "Yume de Aetara" in 1996, which was popular enough to encourage the group to go on a final nationwide tour. The same year, they made their first appearance on Kōhaku Uta Gassen to perform that song.

Paragraph 22: The Uskok attack on the Sanjak of Krka deeply angered both the Muslim population and the Ottoman administration in the region. Ibrahim, Sanjak-bey of Krka, went to Constantinople to make conversations with high ranking officials. He asked for compensation for the damage caused by Uskok incursions. Ottoman officials asked for reports on the issue from the Venetian ambassador in Istanbul, as from the Ottomans' point of view the Uskok raiders were subjected to the Republic of Venice. But the Venetian ambassador rejected the accusations and said that the Uskoks were subjected to the Holy Roman Empire. Ibrahim then requested that a letter be written to the German emperor complaining about the damage caused by Uskoks, in accordance with the Ahidnâme. The Ottoman Grand Vizier commissioned Telli Hasan Pasha, who had been newly appointed as Beylerbey of Bosnia, to make investigation on the issue. No letter written to the Holy Roman Empire regarding the Krka raid has been found in the archives. Regardless of whether the letter was sent or not, it is clear that the Ottomans could not find anyone who would make talks on the issue, and soon they began to prepare for war in order to take revenge from both the Uskok raiders and their supporters.

Paragraph 23: State Road 9336 (SR 9336), also known in parts as the Ingraham Highway, Tower Road and West Palm Drive, is an  two- to four-lane road in Miami-Dade County, in the U.S. state of Florida. The route is the only signed four-digit state road in Florida. The route connects US 1, and the Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike by proxy, in Florida City with the Everglades National Park, acting as the park's primary mode of entry. The road continues on from its western terminus at the national park's entrance as Main Park Road for another , providing access to many of the park's facilities and the ghost town of Flamingo, in Monroe County, at its western end.

Paragraph 24: Act 3. At the Gilbey household Bobby asks Juggins the footman how he can break up with Margaret without hurting her. Since his arrest he finds Margaret's dull respectability stifling. Margaret arrives and tells him of her imprisonment. Bobby is shocked, saying "It's not the same for a girl". Dora and Duvallet appear, to Bobby's embarrassment. When Margaret realises that the woman Bobby was with was Darling Dora, she is outraged. She had shared a cell with Dora, and now Bobby is treating her like she should be excluded from polite company. The Knoxes are announced. The four youngsters hide in the pantry with Juggins. The older couples, realising that they no longer need to keep up a facade of respectability, start to relax, though the pious Mrs Knox says that if they change the manners in which they have been brought up they will soon have nothing left. Meanwhile Margaret decides she no longer has any interest in Bobby. She really loves Juggins, the footman. Juggins reveals that he is the son of a Duke. He became a footman to atone for once mistreating an honest servant. Now that he has proven himself to be an honest working man, he feels worthy to marry Margaret.

Paragraph 25: After Dalton published his atomic theory in 1808, certain of his central ideas were soon adopted by most chemists. However, uncertainty persisted for half a century about how atomic theory was to be configured and applied to concrete situations; chemists in different countries developed several different incompatible atomistic systems. A paper that suggested a way out of this difficult situation was published as early as 1811 by the Italian physicist Amedeo Avogadro (1776–1856), who hypothesized that equal volumes of gases at the same temperature and pressure contain equal numbers of molecules, from which it followed that relative molecular weights of any two gases are the same as the ratio of the densities of the two gases under the same conditions of temperature and pressure. Avogadro also reasoned that simple gases were not formed of solitary atoms but were instead compound molecules of two or more atoms. Thus Avogadro was able to overcome the difficulty that Dalton and others had encountered when Gay-Lussac reported that above 100 °C the volume of water vapor was twice the volume of the oxygen used to form it. According to Avogadro, the molecule of oxygen had split into two atoms in the course of forming water vapor.

Paragraph 26: Recognized as one of the South's "foremost advocates of social and religious liberalism", Hallinan became known for his personal dedication to the civil rights movement and the cause of racial equality. In February 1961, he issued a pastoral letter in which he wrote, "With racial tension mounting, the Church must speak out clearly. In justice to our people, we cannot abandon leadership to the extremists whose only creed is fear and hatred." However, Hallinan delayed full racial integration at Catholic institutions in the diocese out of fear for the safety of African American students. Explaining this decision, he said, "The Catholics are 1.3% of the population in our state. If the full federal power cannot carry this off, it's fatuous to think we can. I would take the risk on high moral principles, but it would be a hollow victory if it wrecked our school system or did harm to our children."On February 10, 1962, Pope John XXIII elevated the Diocese of Atlanta to the Archdiocese of Atlanta.  He transferred the Diocese of Charleston from the Archdiocese of Baltimore to the new archdiocese. At the same time, he appointed Hallinan as the first archbishop of Atlanta and replaced him in Charleston with Francis Reh of the Archdiocese of New York.  Pope Paul VI appointed Reh in 1964 as rector of the Pontifical North American College in Rome.  The pope named Auxiliary Bishop Ernest Unterkoefler from the Diocese of Richmond to replace Reh.

Paragraph 27: LXXIX. Anne Wilkinson. York, Apr. 1, 1670. — Before Fr[ancis]. Driffield, Esq. Anne Mattson saith, that yesterday, Mary Earneley, daughter of Mr. John Earnley of Alne, fell into a very sicke fitt, in which shee continued a long time, sometimes cryinge out that Wilkinson wyfe prickt her with pins, clappinge her hands upon her thighs, intimatinge, as this informant thinketh, that she pricked her thighes. And other times shee cryed out, "That is shee," and said Wilkinson's wyfe run a spitt into her. Whereupon Mr. Earnley sent for Anne Wilkinson, widdow; and, when as the said Wilkinson came into the parlour where the said Mary Earnley lay, the said Mary Earnley shooted out and cryed, " Burne her, burne her, shee tormented two of my sisters." Shee saith further that two sisters of the said Mary Earnleye's dyed since Candlemasse last, and one of them upon the 19th of March last dyed, and, a little before her death, there was taken out of her mouth a blacke ribbond with a crooked pinne at the end of it. George Wrightson of Alne saith, that yesterday, Mary, dau. of John Earnley, gent., fell into a violent and sicke fitt and continued therein one houre and more, all that time crying out in a most sad and lamentable manner that Anne Wilkinson was cruelly prickinge and tormentinge her with pins, as the said Anne was sittinge by her owne fire upon a little chaire; and presently Mrs. Earnley sent this informant to the said Anne Wilkinson's house, whoe brought word shee was there sittinge by the fire upon a little chaire when he suddenly came into her house. Anne Wilkinson of Alne, widdow, saith that she never did Mr. Earnley, nor any that belonged to him, any harme, nor would shee doe; and, as for bewitchinge any of his children, she was sacklesse. Margaret, wife of Richard Wilson, sayth, that in her former husband John Akers' lifetime, she once lost out of her purse 50s. all but three halfe pence; and, shortly after, there happened to be a great wind, and after the wind was downe, she, this ex[aminan]t, mett with Anne Wilkinson, who fell into a great rage, bitterly cursing this ex[aminan]t., and telling her that she had been att a wise man, and had raised this wind which had put out her eyes, and that she was stout now she had gott her money againe, and wishing she might never thrive, which cursing of the said Anne did soe trouble this ex[aminan]t. that she fell a weeping, and, coming home told her mother what had happened, and her mother bad her put her trust in God, and she hoped she could doe her noe harme. And the next day she churned but could gitt noe butter; and, presently, after this ex[aminan]t. fell sicke, and so continued for neere upon two yeeres, till a Scotch phytsitian came to Tollerton, to whom this ex[aminan]t. went, and the phisitiane told her she had harme done her. And she further sayth that her said husband, John Acres, fell shortly after ill, and dy'd of a lingering disease, but, till then, he was very strong and healthfull.

Paragraph 28: Pequeño Halcón joined CMLL in mid-2010 at the same time as the company introduced fellow Mini-Estrellas Cisne and Aéreo, although Cisne only made a few appearances for the promotion. In CMLL he is established as a Mini-Estrella as CMLL does not allow their workers to mix. As Pequeño Halcón he adopted ring gear that resembled that worn by his father, including spiked shoulder pads he wears for his introductions. His CMLL debut match took place on July 20, 2010, and saw him team up with Mini Maximo and Último Dragóncito to defeat Cisne, Pequeño Nitro and Pequeño Violencia. As part of CMLL's bicentennial celebrations, celebrating the 200th anniversary of Mexico's independence CMLL held two Torneo Bicentenario tournament one of which was for the Mini-Estrellas division. The winner of the tournament would be "promoted" to compete in the regular division going forward. The tournament took place over three Sundays in August, from August 10 to August 24. To qualify for the finale on August 24 a wrestler had to win an eight-man Torneo cibernetico to outlast his competitors. Pequeño Halcón competed in the second block of the tournament, but was the second person eliminated in the match. Halcón was one of 16 Mini-Estrellas to compete in a Ruleta de la Muerte, ("Roulette of Death"). In a Ruleta de la Muerte tournament tag teams face off in a single elimination tournament, but unlike traditional tournaments it is the losing team that advances in this case. The team that loses the tag team match final must immediately wrestle against each other in a Lucha de Apuestas match, where either their mask or their hair is on the line. Pequeño Halcón teamed up with Mini Maxmio in the fight to keep their mask or hair (in Mini Maximo's case) safe. In the first round they defeated the team of CMLL World Mini-Estrella Champion Pequeño Olímpico and Shockercito, protecting their mask and hair. He entered the Mexico City version of the 2012 Pequeños Reyes del Aire ("Little Kings of the Air") tournament, but was eliminated early on in the 16-man torneo cibernetico match. On November 6, 2012, 12 competitors met in a special steel cage match where the loser of the match would be forced to unmask or have his hair shaved completely off. Pequeño Halcón was the first wrestler to climb over the top of the cage to the floor, thus keeping his mask safe. On April 6, 2014, at Arena Coliseo's 71st anniversary event, Halcón took part in a ten-man minis cage Lucha de Apuestas. In the end, Halcón was defeated by Astral, forcing him to unmask and reveal his identity.

Paragraph 29: Big Enos Burdette is in a literal mudslinging campaign against John Conn for Governor of Texas. After failing to get the outgoing governor's endorsement, Big Enos overhears him on the phone ordering a crate in Miami to be delivered in nine days to the Republican National Convention in Dallas. Burdette schemes to earn the governor's endorsement and have the crate delivered to the convention in his name and tracks down Cledus "Snowman" Snow and offers him and Bo "Bandit" Darville $200,000 to do the run. Cledus takes the Burdettes to Bandit to make the offer in person, but Bandit has become a heavy drinker since breaking up with Carrie ("Frog") and is drunk when the Burdettes arrive and double the payoff to $400,000. Cledus accepts on Bandit's behalf, but adds that Big Enos should give them half in advance, to which they agree. Cledus is ecstatic, but Bandit begins to miss Carrie.

Paragraph 30: These loud, long-distance vocalizations are produced for numerous purposes in a variety of different circumstances and situations. Pant-hoot chorusing can be used to aid in the formation of social groups or parties amongst male chimpanzees, and used to display the dominance and strength of their party to conspecifics. Pant-hoots are also produced upon the arrival of fruit trees to indicate the location of abundant resources and when joining and greeting other members of their social group. Calls are produced to indicate the spatial location of the individuals in a party, facilitating the maintenance and unity of the social group by providing a means of communication between members while travelling, often listening to the distant calls made by other chimpanzees and responding to them. Also, pant-hoots are used to identify and distinguish between members of a social group, as each individual upholds some variation in their specific calls. Additionally, the level of pant-hooting in chimps vary based upon their individual dominance rank within a party. There are also levels of variation observed within the structure and expression of pant-hoot calls within this range of circumstances, which serve to separate populations, social parties and individuals from one another, allowing coherence between the members in all situations, as well as the establishment of individual identities among each chimp.