Paragraph 1: Waiyaki Wa Hinga, was the son of Kumale ole Lemotaka, a Maasai whose family had sought refuge in Muranga, most probably during the Lloikop wars. Due to his Maasai background, Kumale ole Lemotaka was given the name Hinga by the Kikuyu. This name, meaning dissembler, was given to those who lived amongst Kikuyus but spoke the Maa language, or those who had lived among Maasais before. Waiyaki Wa Hinga was the owner of a large Agikuyu fort at the frontier of Kikuyu country. Upon encountering the Imperial British East Africa Company, he was genuinely interested in establishing and cementing ties with them. We see this when Waiyaki welcomes Frederick Lugard, and gives him land so hat he can set-up a fort. However, there was a mis-understanding right from the very beginning on which position Waiyaki held in Kikuyu society. British officials understood him to be the "Paramount Chiefs of the Agikuyu". However, Kikuyus did not have paramount chiefs in their political system; Waiyaki was a Kikuyu Muthamaki (singular) out of the many influential athamakis (plural). In Kikuyu society, a muthamaki was a spokesman, the chairman of a territorial unit and leader of his age-set. Athamakis were the first or leading personalities among peers; their role was highly controlled by their fellow peers. Given this, Waiyaki Wa Hinga did not hold the most superior position amongst Kabete Kikuyus. He had no powers to make a treaty that affected the welfare of the community, nor even control the warriors, which Waiyaki tried to do a number of times when he soldiers wanted to attack the company. So when there were constant mis-understandings between the Company and the Kikuyu community at Lugard’s Fort, any retaliation by the Kikuyu community to the Company was not done so at Waiyaki’s command. In 1892, a quarrel between him and Purkiss leads to his death. This is after an expedition to punish Kikuyus of Githinguri for killing Maktubu, a worker of the Imperial British East Africa Company, fails. Purkiss is angry with Waiyaki as it was him who warned the community. Waiyaki feared his cattle would be impounded together with those of the culprits who had murdered Maktubu. A row flared between him and Purkiss. Waiyaki was then wounded in the head with his own sword, which he had drawn to attack Purkiss with. Due to this, Waiyaki is taken to Mombasa to be tried under IBEACo. Unfortunately, he never reached Mombasa: he died and was buried at Kibwezi en route to the kenyan coast. Waiyaki Way in central Nairobi is reportedly named after him.

Paragraph 2: Due to the creation of the Hair Hunt, the 4th chose once again to target the Hair Kingdom, seeing if he could succeed where the previous emperor had failed.  Ambushing their way into the land, the Hair Hunters easily began to overrun the small follicle beings that lived here, chopping off the one strand that they held and subsequently killing them.  However, there were more than merely little hair creatures living in this land: five human-type children, all of whom from the same father Tuyoshi, had been born with the great power of the Hair Kingdom.  Each of these humans was a master of one of the five different kinds of hairs on the body and all held the same "Hair Ball" that would make them future protectors of this land.  As the Maruhage soldiers invaded the country, the five of them were instructed to escape by their father to keep the future of the kingdom alive.  However, only one of them was able to escape: eldest child Bababa-ba Ba-baba, who was accidentally launched into space before the other four were ready to embark.  The second youngest, Bebebe-be Be-bebe, also seemed to mysteriously vanished at this time. (He was later revealed to have been abducted and brainwashed by Hydrate in the midst of the invasion) TUYOSHI's last hope was believed to be in his youngest son: the blond-afroed idiot Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo, who had recently gained the title of the 7th Master of Hanage Shinken (Fist of the Nosehair).  But, in the midst of escape, TUYOSHI chose to steal the escape pod out of the Hair Kingdom, getting out with his life while Bo-bobo was captured and taken to the Maruhage Empire, never to see his home again!  Not too long after Bo-bobo's capture, the invasion of the kingdom was mysteriously called off.  Only two children of the hair remained when it was over: the second-eldest boy Bibibi-bi Bi-bibi (who subsequently took over the leadership of the kingdom for reasons unknown) and middle-child daughter Bububu-bu Bu-bubu.  A sixth Hair Kingdom human, a boy named Hatenko, would also leave the kingdom when the time came both to fight the Hair Hunters and to search for the survivors of this raid. (even if he would soon be distracted by....other things)

Paragraph 3: "On the 18th April at 4.30 a.m. a "Bump" occurred at the coal face on which Mr. Ernest Vickers and a workmate were cutting coal with a compressed air machine, as a result of which the flamper over the bars from the left side end of the machine was broken for a distance of 35 yards, the roof lowering about 8 inches. The bar over Mr. Vickers lowered under the weight of the flamper and pinned his head against the edge of the conveyor pans. Mr. Vickers shouted and signalled by knocking on the pans, and his workmate stopped the machine, and, as he was unable to pass the machine to go to Mr. Vickers' assistance, shouted to Mr. Nix and then went round the roadways about 2,500 yards with another man to give what help he could. Mr. Nix had three men with him behind the machine, two of whom slid down the pans and placed a prop in order to take the weight off Mr. Vickers' head. Mr. Nix followed them down but, seeing that nearly all the props within ten yards of the accident were broken, sent them back and himself went along to where Mr. Vickers was trapped. With the aid of the third man Mr. Nix worked his way down the face side, resetting broken props as necessary. By this time the roof had lowered to about 15 inches from the floor, and this was consequently a most difficult job. The setting of about 12 props brought Mr. Nix to a position about three yards from Mr. Vickers, but owing to the fall of earth he was unable to see him. He went back to the machine to ascertain the position and then returned and began to clear away the earth with the assistance of one of the men. After Mr. Vickers was exposed, it became obvious that the only way to liberate him without a further fall was to lighten the bar, and this he did by breaking the flamper with a hammer, working most carefully for fear of a further fall which would have involved not only Mr. Vickers and himself but two of the other men as well. When the bar was sufficiently uncovered, Mr. Nix sawed off the end and liberated Mr. Vickers, who fortunately was suffering only from severe shock and bruises. The whole operation took about two hours during which Mr. Nix was working in a height of about 15 inches under a broken and detached roof, the confined space offering little chance if a further fall had occurred." 

Paragraph 4: In his book "Floating on the Missouri" James Willard Schultz reports that the ridge was a site of an event critical in Piegan history.  He states that along the crest of the Cracon du Nez ridge ran an old Indian trail.  Here in 1865 the Piegan Chief, "Little Dog", met his death, murdered by his own people.  The Piegans were bitter enemies of the whites, and while they traded at the fur trading forts along the Missouri River, they ranged as far south as the California Trail in search of scalps and plunder.  Of the whole Piegan/Blackfoot tribe only Little Dog was the white man's friend and he tried to maintain peace with them, demanding that his Piegan warriors not kill whites, and at times even killing one or two of the most bloodthirsty Piegans who appeared to defy him.  Little Dog was a favorite of the factor at the fort of the American Fur Company who gave him presents.  Little Dog's Piegan warriors not only feared him as he ruled them with an iron hand, but they were also jealous of the many favors and gifts showered on him.  One day four or five of the boldest warriors held a secret counsel and determined that if the tribe were to maintain their record for scalps and plunder, they must kill the chief.  The Piegan camp was at the mouth of the Marias River, located to the east of the Cracon du Nez ridge, and the warriors knew the chief was visiting the factor at his fort up river to the west, and so he would have to return by the trail along the ridge of the Cracon du Nez.  There they lay in wait for him.  "At dusk he came riding leisurely along, humming his favorite war song.  As one man they leveled their rifles and fired at thim, and he fell from his horse without a cry or groan, stone dead. Strange to related, every one of his murderers died within a year; some in battle, some by disease, and one by a fall running buffalo."  Relieved from the restraint of Little Dog's unbending will, Schultz reports the Piegan returned to a systematic warfare against lone trappers and hunters, the "woodhawks" along the river, travelers on the trails and others.  According to Schultz, these escalation of events eventually led to Col. E.M. Baker and his two companies of infantry to massacre a village of Piegans on the Marias River, (The Marias Massacre).

Paragraph 5: The manor subsequently changed hands several times. In 1388 the feudal superiority was in the hands of John Russell of Strensham and his descendant Sir John Russell of Strensham still held it in 1582. For a time, he was married to Elizabeth Sheldon, first cousin to William Savage of Elmley Castle (d.1616). (The Sheldons had also acquired the monastery lands at Studley). It appears to have been his son, another John Russell, who received a licence (presumably for the Savages) to crenellate the mansion-house at Dormston. This superiority appears to have followed the descent of Strensham until 1659, and it is possible that it still remained in the possession of the Russells and was sold after the death of the last male representative of the family, Sir Francis Russell, in 1705. What is clear is that Dormston was no longer a residential seat of the Russells, if it ever had been. By 1603 Dormston Manor was held by feu by Thomas Savage (d.1603) of Norbury Manor at Inkberrow, who settled it upon John Savage of Dormston for whom he was guardian(d. Jan 1616 and buried in St.Peter's Church, Inkberrow). The principal parts of the manorial demesne were Courts Close and Bag End farm. Russell himself was already related to the Savages as his mother, Margaret Lygon, was a first cousin to Francis Savage of Elmley Castle (d.1558), from whom the Inkberrow Savages descend. Dormston remained with this family until Robert Savage (1672-1749), who was married to Dorothy (d.1715), daughter of John Stanford of Salford Hall in Abbots Salford (d.1712). In 1701 he was one of local commissioners appointed in Worcestershire for collecting aid to meet the expenses of Her Majesty's navy guards and garrisons, and was again a local commissioner for the collection of a land tax in both 1710 and 1713. In 1730 Robert Savage was being sued in connection with the proposed sale of lands he held in Dormston, Kington & Inkberrow, and by indenture dated 1733 he sold the Bag End farm at Dormston which property eventually came by conveyance to Jane Suffield, aunt to the celebrated author J. R. R. Tolkien. In 1733 he was still described as Robert Savage 'The Elder', gentleman, of Dormston, implying he was still resident there. The following year his daughter Penelope was married in Worcester Cathedral, appropriate for gentry, to Giles Turberville, one of H.M. Excise Officers. Robert has signed the Marriage Licence and the Bondsman for this Marriage Bond, William Bristo, also came from Dormston. Robert Savage appears to be the last of this family seated at Dormston and he died at Alcester. He is interred at Inkberrow where there is a Savage chapel in St. Peter's Church. The 1634 Visitation gives the Arms of this family.

Paragraph 6: The sockeye salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka), also called red salmon, kokanee salmon, blueback salmon, or simply sockeye, is an anadromous species of salmon found in the Northern Pacific Ocean and rivers discharging into it. This species is a Pacific salmon that is primarily red in hue during spawning.  They can grow up to  in length and weigh . Juveniles remain in freshwater until they are ready to migrate to the ocean, over distances of up to . Their diet consists primarily of zooplankton. Sockeye salmon are semelparous, dying after they spawn. Some populations, referred to as kokanee, do not migrate to the ocean and live their entire lives in fresh water.

Paragraph 7: Act 3. At the Gilbey household Bobby asks Juggins the footman how he can break up with Margaret without hurting her. Since his arrest he finds Margaret's dull respectability stifling. Margaret arrives and tells him of her imprisonment. Bobby is shocked, saying "It's not the same for a girl". Dora and Duvallet appear, to Bobby's embarrassment. When Margaret realises that the woman Bobby was with was Darling Dora, she is outraged. She had shared a cell with Dora, and now Bobby is treating her like she should be excluded from polite company. The Knoxes are announced. The four youngsters hide in the pantry with Juggins. The older couples, realising that they no longer need to keep up a facade of respectability, start to relax, though the pious Mrs Knox says that if they change the manners in which they have been brought up they will soon have nothing left. Meanwhile Margaret decides she no longer has any interest in Bobby. She really loves Juggins, the footman. Juggins reveals that he is the son of a Duke. He became a footman to atone for once mistreating an honest servant. Now that he has proven himself to be an honest working man, he feels worthy to marry Margaret.

Paragraph 8: Frankland carried his academy with him back to Rathmell, and during the remaining nine years of his life he admitted nearly as many students as in the whole previous period of over nineteen years. His congregation also throve, and he maintained harmony among its members at a time when many were beginning to relax their hold of the Calvinism to which he himself adhered. But while the Toleration Act protected him as a preacher, hardly a year passed without some fresh attempt on the part of the authorities to put down his academy. For not answering a citation to the archbishop's (Lamplugh) court he was again excommunicated; at the instance of Lord Wharton and Sir Thomas Rokeby, William III ordered his absolution, which was read in Giggleswick Church. Soon after the consecration of Sharp as archbishop of York (5 July 1691) new alarm was excited by the assembling of twenty-four nonconformist ministers at Wakefield (2 September) to consider the 'heads of agreement' sent down from London as an irenicon (a proposition or device for securing peace) between the presbyterian and independent sections. Frankland was the senior minister present, and earnestly promoted the union. Next year the clergy of Craven petitioned Sharp to suppress the academy. Sharp wrote to Tillotson for advice. Tillotson evidently did not like the business, and suggested to Sharp (14 June 1692), as 'the fairest and softest way of ridding' his 'hands of' it, that he should see Frankland and explain that the objection to licensing his academy was not based upon his nonconformity. His school was not required in the district, and it was contrary to the bishop's oath to license public instruction in 'university learning.' Sharp saw Frankland after a confirmation at Skipton and invited the nonconformist to Bishopthorpe. Here, with the help of a pipe of tobacco and a glass of good wine, a very friendly interview took place in the library, Sharp courteously declining controversy and inviting confidential hints about the state of the diocese (according to Frankland in a latter to Ralph Thoresby, 6 November 1694). The archbishop's goodwill did not stop further proceedings. From a letter of Richard Stretton, presbyterian minister at Haberdashers' Hall, London, to Thoresby, it appears that early in 1695 there was a prosecution against Frankland; on 10 February the indictment was quashed. In 1697 he was brought before the spiritual court, but at Michaelmas the case was postponed, apparently by the archbishop's order. Calamy states that his troubles continued till the year of his death, but no further particulars are available. Oliver Heywood's diaries are full of references to the academy and its students, and to Frankland's labours at ordinations.

Paragraph 9: Intercom systems are widely used in TV stations and outside broadcast vehicles such as those seen at sporting events or entertainment venues. There are essentially two different types of intercoms used in the television world: two-wire party line or four-wire matrix systems. In the beginning, TV stations would simply build their own communication systems using old phone equipment. However, today there are several manufacturers offering off-the-shelf systems. From the late 1970s until the mid-90s, the two-wire party line-type systems were the most popular, primarily due to the technology that was available at the time. The two-channel variety used a 32-volt impedance-generating central power supply to drive external stations or belt packs. This type of format allowed the two channels to operate in standard microphone cable, a feature highly desired by the broadcasters. These systems were very robust and simple to design, maintain and operate but had limited capacity and flexibility as they were usually hardwired. A typical user on the system could not choose whom to talk to. He would communicate with the same person or group of people until the system was manually reconfigured to allow communication with a different group of people. Two-wire routers or source assignment panels were then implemented to allow quick re-routing. This reconfiguration was usually handled at a central location, but because voltage is used on the circuit to power the external user stations as well as communicate, there would usually be a pop when the channels were switched.  So while one could change the system on-the-fly, it was usually not desirable to do so in the middle of a production, as the popping noise would distract the rest of the television crew.

Paragraph 10: The first musician to perform at the venue was French singer-songwriter Renaud Séchan. Over the years, the venue has played host to many French artists including Jenifer, Jean-Jacques Goldman, Vanessa Paradis, Mr. Hankey, Johnny Hallyday, Alizée,  and Michel Sardou. Several international artists have played the venue including Janet Jackson, Suprême NTM, Sigur Rós, Pantera, Toto, Blur, Nas, Björk, Lara Fabian, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Bruce Springsteen, Grateful Dead, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, Anastacia, Rihanna, Amy Winehouse, Korean K-pop group Super Junior, LOONA, Finnish band Nightwish, and Japanese band L'Arc-en-Ciel. Live albums by Simple Minds, The Cure, Muse, Evanescence, Morrissey, Les Cowboys Fringants, The Hives, Archive, and Chico Buarque have been recorded at the venue.

Paragraph 11: South Africa has 11 national languages: , . Any definitive literary history of South Africa should, it could not be argued, discuss literature produced in all eleven languages. But the only literature ever to adopt characteristics that can be said to be "national" is kid. Olivier argues: "Of all the literatures in South Africa, Afrikaans literature has been the only one to have become a national literature in the sense that it developed a clear image of itself as a separate entity, and that by way of institutional entrenchment through teaching, distribution, a review culture, journals, etc. it could ensure the continuation of that concept." Part of the problem is that English literature has been seen within the greater context of English writing in the world, and has, because of English's global position as ', not been seen as autonomous or indigenous to South Africa – in Olivier’s words: "English literature in South Africa continues to be a sort of extension of British or international English literature." The African languages, on the other hand, are spoken across the borders of Southern Africa - for example, Tswana is spoken in Botswana, and in Zimbabwe, and in Lesotho. South Africa's borders were drawn up by the British Empire and, as with all other colonies, these borders were drawn without regard for the people living within them. Therefore: in a history of South African literature, do we include all Tswana writers, or only the ones with South African citizenship? Chapman bypasses this problem by including "Southern" African literatures. The second problem with the African languages is accessibility, because since the African languages are regional languages, none of them can claim the readership on a national scale comparable to Afrikaans and English. Sotho, for instance, while transgressing the national borders of the RSA, is on the other hand mainly spoken in the Free State, and bears a great amount of relation to the language of for example, Zulu. So the language cannot claim a national readership, while on the other hand being "international" in the sense that it transgresses the national borders.Olivier argues that "There is no obvious reason why it should be unhealthy or abnormal for different literatures to co-exist in one country, each possessing its own infrastructure and allowing theoreticians to develop impressive theories about polysystems". Yet political idealism proposing a unified "South Africa" (a remnant of the colonial British approach) has seeped into literary discourse and demands a unified national literature, which does not exist and has to be fabricated. It is unrealistic to ever think of South Africa and South African literature as homogenous, now or in the near or distant future, since the only reason it is a country at all is the interference of European colonial powers. This is not a racial issue, but rather has to do with culture, heritage and tradition (and indeed the constitution celebrates diversity). Rather, it seems more sensible to discuss South African literature as literature produced within the national borders by the different cultures and language groups inhabiting these borders. Otherwise the danger is emphasising one literary system at the expense of another, and more often than not, the beneficiary is English, with the African languages being ignored. The distinction "black" and "white" literature is further a remnant of colonialism that should be replaced by drawing distinctions between literary systems based on language affiliation rather than race.

Paragraph 12: John Bluthal (born Isaac Bluthal; 12 August 1929 – 15 November 2018) was a Polish-born Australian actor and comedian, noted for his six-decade career internationally in Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States. He started his career during the Golden Age of British Television, where he was best known for his comedy work in the UK with Spike Milligan, and for his role as Manny Cohen in the television series Never Mind the Quality, Feel the Width. In later years, he was known to television audiences as the bumbling Frank Pickle in The Vicar of Dibley. At 85 he played Professor Herbert Marcuse in the Coen brothers' film Hail, Caesar! (2016).

Paragraph 13: It is used as a means of transport by the illegal loggers. From the mountains, the illegal loggers float the troso (lumber) and float them downstream up to the ocean. During the late 20th century (and continuing up to the present), it has been the site of several clashes between the army and the communist group, the New People's Army. In 1995, the government has made a project called Umiray–Angat Transbasin Project (UATP) to link the Pacific Ocean with Angat River in Bulacan's mountains through a tunnel that will traverse Umiray River then cut through the mountains of Sierra Madre straight to Angat River. In 2013, the Manila Water and Sewerage System signed an agreement with the General Nakar, Quezon local government unit to replace the structures made in 1995 to increase the flow from the Umiray to the Angat.

Paragraph 14: The camp was formally established prior to 22 June 1941, documented by a letter of that date from Turner to Aćimović. Responsibility for establishing the camp fell to Turner's deputy, SS-Sturmbannführer Georg Kiessel, who was responsible for overseeing Jovanović. In addition to his role as the administrator of Belgrade, Jovanović was also the chief of Serbian State Security for Aćimović's puppet regime. A three man committee was created to determine the site for the camp. The committee consisted of Jovanović's deputy city administrator, Miodrag Đorđević, the chief engineer of Belgrade, Milan Janjušević, and an unnamed representative of the Gestapo. The committee chose the former barracks of the Royal Yugoslav Army's 18th Infantry Regiment, located in the Belgrade suburb of Banjica. Once the site was identified, the buildings had to be prepared for receiving a large number of prisoners, and secured against escape. Jovanović had overall responsibility for this work, with Janjušević managing the work at the camp. The former chief of the anti-communist section of the interwar Belgrade General Police, Svetozar Vujković, was appointed as the administrator of the camp, and he, his staff, and his German supervisors took over the camp on 5 July. The camp admitted its first inmates on 9 July, while building works were still ongoing. The first prisoners were held in one large basement room. For the first two months of its operation, the camp was surrounded by a barbed wire fence. As this was considered inadequate to prevent escape, Jovanović ordered Janjušević to build a masonry wall around the camp. In early September, construction commenced on the wall and a guardhouse. The wall was completed within a month, and was  high, enclosing the camp in the form of a pentagon, with towers set at each corner in which machine guns and searchlights were mounted. The camp was divided into sections, with one part for Gestapo prisoners, another for those arrested by the SP UGB, and a third area which held a mixed group of prisoners when either or both of the other two sections were at capacity. After the war, while he was being interrogated, Jovanović explained that this division had come about when "the Gestapo arrived one day without warning and decreed that one-third of the camp would belong to the Serbian authorities, and the rest they took for their prisoners". Initially the Gestapo and Serbian State Guard jointly guarded the camp, but this was later delegated to the Serbian State Guard alone.

Paragraph 15: The fridge is a new element to this series where the person who opens it gets an advantage or disadvantage. The biggest losing couple of the week decides whether they would like to open the fridge or choose another team to open the fridge.Week 2 – Anita & Cher – As the biggest losing couple of the week, Gerald and Todd are given the option to open the fridge; however, they decide to give it to the yellow team and they get the power to have exclusive access to the trainer of their choice until weigh-in; they choose Shannon. This leaves the other eight couples to train with either The Commando or Michelle.Week 3 - Janet & Kirsten - As the biggest losing couple of the week, Anita and Cher had the power of the fridge this week. Even though they kept on suggesting the black team, they chose the pink team to receive the fridge. In the fridge was an all-access visitors pass. The pink team were told that a special visitor was on their way just for them and the other teams should pull out all the stops as the visitor will fire the pink team up for the rest of the competition. The visitors were Janet's husband Robert and Kirsten's boyfriend Liam in which they participated in a training session with Shannon.Week 4 – Gerald & Todd - Gerald and Todd were the biggest losing couple of the week for the second time and got power over the fridge, they decided to take a risk and open the fridge themselves, there they received a progress weigh-in where they can weigh-in at any time during the week to see their progress so far. When they weighed in, Gerald lost 1.6 kg while Todd gained 0.7 kg. This had no effect on their status for the actual weigh-in.Week 5 - Everyone - Despite Gerald and Todd being the biggest losing couple for the third time, no one held the power of the fridge. Instead, Amber opened the fridge to reveal that Temptation would return. This led to Amber and Todd taking temptation and Amber gaining immunity for the week, but angering the other contestants in the house in the process.Week 6 – Robyn & Katie - As the winners of the weigh-in this week, Robyn & Katie had power over the fridge and they decided to keep it for themselves. As a result, they had the power to send five contestants home for the week - one from each team. They chose Todd, Cher, Amber, Mandy and Robyn. This however did not excuse the contestants from the major challenge, as when they arrived home they each found a letter saying that whoever cycles the furthest in 5 hours would win an advantage in it. The contestants were also allowed to share the load with friends and family.Week 7 – No one - There was no fridge in Week 7 due to Eliminated Contestants week.Week 8 - Gerald & Todd - Even though Sam & Jess were the biggest losers of the week, Gerald & Todd were given the power of the fridge for the week as they were leading overall. They decided to open it themselves as Gerald believed he needed a personal booster, and as a result were given full makeovers.Week 9 - No one - There was no fridge in Week 9 due to Makeover week.Week 10 - No one -  There was no fridge in Week 10 due to Face Your Fears week.

Paragraph 16: The Qing identified their state as Zhongguo ("中國", lit. "central state", the term for "China" in modern Chinese), and referred to it as "Dulimbai Gurun" in Manchu and "China" in English. The Qing equated the lands of the Qing state (including Manchuria, Xinjiang, Mongolia, and other areas under Qing control) as "China" in both the Chinese and Manchu languages, defining China as a multi-ethnic state. After the Qing conquered Xinjiang in 1759, they proclaimed that the new land was now absorbed into "China" (Dulimbai Gurun) in a Manchu language memorial. The Qianlong Emperor explicitly commemorated the Qing conquest of the Dzungars as having added new territory in Xinjiang to Zhongguo, defining China as a multi-ethnic state, rejecting the idea that China only meant Han-populated areas in "China proper", meaning that according to the Qing, both Han and non-Han peoples were part of China (Zhongguo). Similarly, the "Chinese language" (Dulimbai gurun i bithe) referred to Chinese, Manchu, and Mongol languages, while the term "people of China" (中國之人 Zhongguo zhi ren; Manchu: Dulimbai gurun i niyalma) referred to all Han, Manchus, Mongol, and other subjects of the Qing. The Qing expounded on their ideology that they were bringing together the "outer" non-Han peoples like the Inner Mongols, Eastern Mongols, Oirat Mongols, and Tibetans together with the "inner" Han people, into "one family" united in the Qing state, showing that the diverse subjects of the Qing were all part of one family, the Qing used the phrase "Zhong Wai Yi Jia" (中外一家) or "Nei Wai Yi Jia" (內外一家, "interior and exterior as one family"), to convey this idea of "unification" of the different peoples. The Qianlong Emperor rejected earlier ideas that only Han people could be subjects of China and only Han lands could be considered as part of China, saying in 1755 that "There exists a view of China (Zhongxia), according to which non-Han people cannot become China's subjects and their land cannot be integrated into the territory of China. This does not represent our dynasty's understanding of China, but is instead that of the earlier Han, Tang, Song, and Ming dynasties." The term "Zhongguo" or "China" was also used extensively to refer to the Qing in foreign communications and treaties with other states. It appeared in a formal Qing government document for the first time in the 1689 Treaty of Nerchinsk signed with the Russians. Nevertheless, the Qing implemented different ways of legitimization for different peoples in the Qing Empire, such as acting as Khagan to the Mongols instead of as Huangdi to these non-Han subjects.

Paragraph 17: During Marinid rule, Jews were able to return to their religion and practices, once again outwardly professing their Judaism under the protection of the dhimmi status. They were able to re-establish their lives and communities, returning to some sense of normalcy and security. They also established strong vertical relations with the Marinid sultans. When the still-fanatic mobs attacked them in 1275, the Merinid sultan Abu Yusuf Yaqub ibn Abd Al-Haqq intervened personally to save them. The sovereigns of this dynasty benevolently received the Jewish ambassadors of the Christian kings of Spain and admitted Jews among their closest courtiers. Of these Jews, Khalifa b. Waqqāsa (Ruqqasa) became steward of the household of the sultan Abu Yaqub Yusuf an-Nasr and his intimate counselor. A victim of palace intrigues, he was put to death in 1302. His nephew, who was also named Khalifa, held the same office and suffered the same fate (1310). However, there were no repercussions against the Moroccan Jews as a result of the execution of their powerful coreligionists. They were the principal factors in the prosperity of the country. The Sahara gold trade, which was of primary importance, and the exchange with the Christian countries were completely under their control. Their relatives and associates in the kingdom of Aragon financed, when necessary, the navies which defended the Moroccan ports. In addition to the jizya (tax paid by non-Muslims), they paid enormous sums to the treasury in customs duties for their imports and exports. In the outlying areas, particularly in the Atlas region where there were large concentrations of Jews of early origin, the Jews wielded great influence in both the political and spiritual domains. Jewish physicians enjoyed well-deserved renown. The study of Kabbalah, as well as philosophy, was then in vogue. The last Moroccan philosopher of the Middle Ages was Judah b. Nissim ibn Malkah, who was still alive in 1365.

Paragraph 18: The civil rights movement dominated southern politics during Smathers' time in Congress. Smathers publicly opposed federal intervention in racial matters except to support voting rights. He also stressed the rule of law and the need for southern states to comply with any federal legislation. Privately, Smathers rejected many of the doctrines and tenets of white supremacy and believed that, over time, whites would change their views on race relations. Smathers, though, fell into line with other southern senators by signing the 1956 Southern Manifesto, an attack on the Supreme Court's 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision. The signatories accused the Supreme Court of a "clear abuse of judicial power" and promised to use "all lawful means to bring about a reversal of this decision which is contrary to the Constitution and to prevent the use of force in its implementation." As Johnson's lieutenant in the Senate, he helped craft the Senate version of the Civil Rights Act of 1957. He publicly predicted the defeat of the southern filibuster of the bill and voted for its passage in the Senate. The bill was then referred to a conference committee and Smathers voted against the final version. After the chaos surrounding James Meredith's entry into the University of Mississippi in 1962, Smathers wrote "Federal law must be obeyed ... so that force does not have to be used to bring compliance."

Paragraph 19: Cleary became interested in Buddhism when he was a teenager; his researches into Buddhist thought began with a desire to learn during this time of his life. When he began translating, he chose either untranslated works or—as in the case of Sun Tzu's The Art of War—books whose extant translations were "too limited". Cleary earned a Ph.D. in East Asian Languages and Civilizations from Harvard University, and a JD from the Boalt Hall School of Law at the University of California, Berkeley. After completing his doctoral studies, Cleary had little involvement with the academic world. "There is too much oppression in a university setting", he said. "I want to stay independent and reach those who want to learn directly through my books."

Paragraph 20: Millonarios has participated in the Categoría Primera A since its inception in 1948, being one of only three teams to have participated in all of its tournaments, along with Independiente Santa Fe and Atlético Nacional. Millonarios competes in the Clásico Capitalino against home-town rivals Independiente Santa Fe and the Clásico Añejo against Deportivo Cali and also has a strong rivalry with América de Cali. Since the start of the Colombian championship in 1948, Millonarios has won the most local titles and formed a team called the "Ballet Azul", which was a reference of great importance worldwide during the first part of the 1950s, being considered by various South American and European specialists as the best team in the world when it achieved a large number of triumphs and international achievements of great relevance and importance for the time. During this period, Millonarios had prominent figures in world football such as Alfredo Di Stéfano, Adolfo Pedernera, Néstor Rossi, and Julio Cozzi, who played crucial roles in the team's success. Di Stefano, who is widely regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time, joined Millonarios in 1949 and played for the team until 1953. During this period, Millonarios won the Copa Colombia in 1951 and the Colombian league championship in 1949, 1951, and 1952. Among its accomplishments, the team won the first edition of the Small World Cup of Clubs in 1953, the Golden Wedding Championship against Real Madrid in 1952, which the team won at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, and the Duelo de Campeones Trophies in 1950 and 1951. Their participations at these tournaments gave rise team's nickname of "Ambassador" as the club was representing Colombia at these tournaments.

Paragraph 21: This syndrome is named after Octave Crouzon, a French physician who first described this disorder. First called "craniofacial dysostosis" ("craniofacial" refers to the skull and face, and "dysostosis" refers to malformation of bone), the disorder was characterized by a number of clinical features which can be described by the rudimentary meanings of its former name. This syndrome is caused by a mutation in the fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2), located on chromosome 10. The developing fetus's skull and facial bones fuse early or are unable to expand. Thus, normal bone growth cannot occur. Fusion of different sutures leads to abnormal patterns of growth of the skull.

Paragraph 22: On April 19, 1863, a detachment of the 8th Connecticut and the 89th New York landed on Hill's Point at the confluence of the forks of the Nansemond River. This amphibious force assaulted Fort Huger from the rear, quickly capturing its garrison, thus reopening the river to Union shipping. On April 24, Brig. Gen. Michael Corcoran's Union division mounted a reconnaissance-in-force from Fort Dix against Maj. Gen. George E. Pickett's extreme right flank. The Federals approached cautiously and were easily repulsed. On April 29, Gen. Robert E. Lee directed Longstreet to disengage from Suffolk and rejoin the Army of Northern Virginia at Fredericksburg. By May 4, the last of Longstreet's command had crossed the Blackwater River en route to Richmond.

Paragraph 23: Matatiele's area of  – tucked in the shadows of the Matatiele Mountains – is predominantly farmland, where 100% organic red meat is on offer, and tourism is a primary source of income. As one of the top 12 towns among South Africa’s popular tourist attractions Route 56, Matatiele provides many activities for fishers, hikers, bikers, bird watchers, etc. Moreover, the Matatiele Museum (a former Dutch Reformed Church that opened in 1993) – displays dinosaur fossils, San peoples (also known as the Bushmen), missionaries, and town's history from its 19th century gun runners and smugglers to a quaint town filled with friendly locals serving authentic Xhosa people cuisine. The majority of the town's inhabitants speak a dialect of Xhosa called Hlubi. 

Paragraph 24: From 1936 until 1944, animation directors and animators such as Freleng, Avery, Clampett, Jones, Arthur Davis, Robert McKimson, and Frank Tashlin worked at the studio. During this period, these creators introduced several of the most popular cartoon characters to date, including Daffy Duck (1937, Porky's Duck Hunt by Avery), Elmer Fudd (1940, Elmer's Candid Camera by Jones), Bugs Bunny (1940, A Wild Hare by Avery), and Tweety (1942, A Tale of Two Kitties by Clampett). Avery left the studio in 1941 following a series of disputes with Schlesinger, who shortly after closed the studio for two weeks due to a minor strike similar to the better known one that occurred at Disney. A few months earlier he banished all unionized employees in what became known in retrospect as the "Looney Tune Lockout"; this time Schlesinger lost nearly all of his employees of the Avery unit. Clampett and several of his key animators took over Avery's former unit, while Clampett's own position as director of the Schlesinger-Katz studio was taken by Norm McCabe, a Clampett animator whose cartoons focused in war-related humor; McCabe, in turn, lasted barely a year before being drafted, and Frank Tashlin returned to the studio to replace him.

Paragraph 25: Scott Bowles in USA Today gave Salinger 3 ½ out of 4 stars: "Eloquently written and exhaustively reported... Salinger is an unmitigated success... There's no denying that Shields and Salerno have struck journalistic gold. Salinger is a revelation, and offers the most complete picture of an American icon, a man deified by silence, haunted by war, frustrated in love—and more frail and human than he ever wanted the world to know." Lev Grossman of Time said Salinger "presents a decade's worth of genuinely valuable research... there are riches here... Salinger doesn't excuse its subject's personal failings, but it helps explain them: in his fiction, Salinger had a chance to be the good, untraumatized man he couldn't be in real life." John Walsh of The Sunday Times (London) called the book "A stupendous work." David Ulin of Los Angeles Times wrote, that "Salinger gets the goods on an author's reclusive life... it strips away the sheen of his exceptionalism, trading in his genius for something much more real." Associated Press said Salinger was "thoroughly documented... Providing by far the most detailed report of previously unreleased material, the book... both fleshes out and challenges aspects of the author's legend." Tina Jordan of Entertainment Weekly gave the book a grade of B−, saying that "the reminiscences are layered with a stunning array of primary material…taken as a whole—the memories, the documents, the pictures—the book feels as close as we'll ever get to being inside Salinger's head," while also writing that the book is "a bit of a shambling, unwieldy mess." Kirkus Reviews called it a "thoroughly revealing biography," stating that "Shields and Salerno chase down the story in minute detail." Laura Miller in Salon said that the book is "refreshingly frank about their subject's many shortcomings and how they might have affected his work... Salinger amply documents the author's youthful arrogance and selfishness, his infatuation with his own cleverness and his inability to see the world from the perspective of anyone who wasn't a lot like himself." Jeff Simon wrote in Buffalo News that this is a "now-irreplaceable book about the greatest enigma of modern American literature... Salinger can't tell 'all' about its subject but it tells more than we've ever known before... a complex but well-constructed narrative composed of fragments of history, anecdote and commentary." Tucker Shaw in The Denver Post called the book "an exhaustively detailed portrait of the famously reclusive novelist J. D. Salinger."

Paragraph 26: In 1998 Bride of Chucky opened in the USA. Yu directed a cast that consist of Brad Dourif, Jennifer Tilly, John Ritter, Katherine Heigl, and Nick Stabil. The conception began after the release of Child's Play 3 in 1991. Producers Don Mancini and David Kirschner decided that the series required a new direction. Work on the film began in 1996, inspired by the release of Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. Yu was hired to direct the film after Kirschner and Mancini were impressed by his film The Bride with White Hair, and accepted in exchange for greater creative freedom and the ability to hire his collaborators Peter Pau and David Wu. It grossed $11.8 million on its opening weekend, for a North American total of $32.4 million and another $18.3 million internationally. It is the highest grossing film and the US second most financially successful of the Chucky franchise The film has a 49% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 39 reviews, with an average rating of 5.60 out of 10. The site's critics consensus reads, "Bride of Chucky is devoid of any fright and the franchise has become tiresomely self-parodic, although horror fans may find some pleasure in this fourth entry's camp factor." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.

Paragraph 27: The trial took place in April and early May 1934, and lasted approximately two weeks. It was claimed in court that Kane based her style in part on Baby Esther, a child African American dancer and entertainer of the late 1920s, known for impersonating Florence Mills. Variety stated Esther was seven years old, Esther had arrived for the first time in New York City in mid-1928, playing in a pocket-sized nightclub called The Everglades.Variety, July 11, 1928, pg 33 Theatrical manager Lou Bolton offered testimony during the Kane v. Fleischer trial to convey the impression that Helen Kane adopted Baby Esther's boops to further her own popularity as a singer. Esther's act at The Everglades included an impersonation of the late Florence Mills. Under cross-examination Bolton said that he had met with Kane at the club after Esther's performance, but could not say when she had walked in. Bolton also stated that Fleischer's lawyers had paid him $200 to come to New York. The Fleischers used as defense a film of Baby Esther, made in 1928, featuring her singing three songs that had earlier been popularized by Helen Kane – "Don't Be Like That", "Is There Anything Wrong with That?"" and "Wa-da-da" – which writer Mark Langer says "was hardly proof that Helen Kane derived her singing style from Baby Esther". However Jazz Studies scholar Robert O'Meally stated this evidence might very well have been fabricated by the Fleischers to discredit Kane, whom they later admitted to have been their model for Betty Boop. O'Meally also questioned if there was some sort of deal between Fleischer Studios and Bolton, and questioned if Esther was ever paid for her presumed loss of revenue.

Paragraph 28: From 1 April until 30 June, Barkhorn was posted to Fliegerausbildungs-Regiment 10 (10th Aviators Training Regiment) based in Pardubitz, present-day Pardubice in the Czech Republic, as a company commander. In June 1940, Barkhorn fell ill and was diagnosed with scarlet fever. He was sent to a hospital in Wildenschwert, present-day Ústí nad Orlicí in the Czech Republic. By July, he had fully recovered and on 1 July was posted to the 4. Staffel of Jagdgeschwader 52 (JG 52—52nd Fighter Wing), a squadron of II. Gruppe. This squadron was commanded by Oberleutnant Johannes Steinhoff while the Gruppe was led by Hauptmann Horst-Günther von Kornatzki. Barkhorn conducted many training flights with 4. Staffel at Nordholz and Stade. Shortly after 18 August, he was transferred to 6. Staffel. His new Staffelkapitän (squadron leader) was Oberleutnant Werner Lederer. Lederer commanded the Staffel until 6 October when he was transferred and replaced by Oberleutnant Rudolf Resch. Flying from Peuplingues on 27 September, Barkhorn for the first time had enemy contact on a combat air patrol across the English Channel during the Battle of Britain. Near Maidstone and Chatham, the flight encountered Royal Air Force (RAF) fighters. He flew many fighter escort missions to England, on 29 September he participated on a mission providing protection for bombers from II. Gruppe of Lehrgeschwader 2 (LG 2—2nd Demonstration Wing) targeting London. On 4 October, he helped escort bombers from I. Gruppe of LG 2, and again on the following day. Barkhorn flew two further missions in support of I. Gruppe of LG 2 on 5 October and three days later, he escorted II. Gruppe of LG 2 and fighter bombers to London. On 10 October, he flew a courier mission, taking documents to Rouen, Beaumont and Cherbourg, before returning to Peuplingues. On 11 and 12 October, Barkhorn flew two further missions to London. On 23 October 1940, for his service he was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd Class ().

Paragraph 29: The Alhambra Decree (also known as the Edict of Expulsion; Spanish: Decreto de la Alhambra, Edicto de Granada) was an edict issued on 31 March 1492, by the joint Catholic Monarchs of Spain (Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon) ordering the expulsion of practising Jews from the Crowns of Castile and Aragon and its territories and possessions by 31 July of that year. The primary purpose was to eliminate the influence of practising Jews on Spain's large formerly-Jewish converso New Christian population, to ensure the latter and their descendants did not revert to Judaism. Over half of Spain's Jews had converted as a result of the religious persecution and pogroms which occurred in 1391. Due to continuing attacks, around 50,000 more had converted by 1415. A further number of those remaining chose to convert to avoid expulsion. As a result of the Alhambra decree and persecution in the years leading up to the expulsion, of Spain's estimated 300,000 Jewish origin population, a total of over 200,000 had converted to Catholicism to remain in Spain, and between 40,000 and 100,000 remained Jewish and suffered expulsion. An unknown number of the expelled eventually succumbed to the pressures of life in exile away from formerly-Jewish relatives and networks back in Spain, and so converted to Catholicism to be allowed to return in the years following expulsion.:17

Paragraph 30: The ATF thinks that the party inside is a suicide cult, and that they plan to kill themselves at the start of the meteor shower. Determined to prevent this, they set up a blockade and prepare to open fire on the cult if they do not desist; at one point, a couple of party-goers leave and are immediately fatally shot (due to the ATF believing they had weapons despite them clearly not having any). The Newsman recalls that the last time the ATF did this was at the Waco siege, where their aggressive tactics resulted in the deaths of many innocent people, but the ATF dismisses him. All the while, the party-goers (who progressively become drunk) inside are unaware of their presence. Stan and the kids discover what is happening and try to speak to the ATF, but are shot at and forced to flee back inside. The kids record a video tape showing that the party inside is not a cult to the Newsman; the ATF realizes their mistake, claiming it was a "test simulation" and quickly disperse after their secret weapon, a large rocket called "The Negotiator", fires and destroys every home in the neighborhood except for Mackey's.