Paragraph 1: The Caterpillar in the Disney film is a blue creature who, as in the original Tenniel illustration, smokes a hookah. He is seen as a very forthright character as he yells at Alice quite often during the scenes in which they both appear. He blows smoke in Alice's face and when she needs assistance he ignores her. He is a quite mean character providing little to no assistance to Alice and ends up confusing her more while she is trapped in Wonderland. He then ignores her and turns into a butterfly and flutters away not caring whether or not Alice makes it out alive. He also instructs her to eat a mushroom but does not say what it does thus putting her into possible danger. He briefly appears during the second caucus race. He reappears one final time during the ending chase, still in butterfly form but once again smoking on his hookah, and again ignoring Alice when she asks for his help escaping the Queen of Hearts.

Paragraph 2: Kurvinggrad village belonged to the oriental type of settlement, and nearby settlements which still remain have the identifying stamp of that time. The fort has an irregular square base, 80 × 50 meters, with ramparts and reinforced towers which surrounded the dry trench. The city was protected by massive walls ten meters high with five towers. The gate was reinforced by the tower, near the northeastern crown. On the highest part of the hill, along the eastern rampart, is located a small town in which the end is a tower, which rises above the main city gate. The city was protected on all sides by trenches. Because of erosion the trench today is 2 × 2 m, but in the past was deeper. The fortress ramparts, now an average of 4 to 5m high were also higher in the past, but it can not be determined by how much exactly because there is no surviving evidence. The city was built of gray-green undressed stone and earlier red brick in the same place. Saint John's Church was the ceremonial center. The western side of the city was guarded by three city towers, two of them preserved, one in the southwest, and one central tower. Today, the eastern wall is almost completely demolished. In the past, the wall consisted of two angular towers. Of the three southern towers, only the central tower, and the south-west tower are left. Houses and their interiors were built of wood beams. Based on the foundations of the village's buildings the height of the room today can not be determined. Researchers have found the former building, with dimensions of 12 m², with 1.5 m in depth. It is believed that this was probably the cistern. A cistern this big could provide enough water for 1,000 people during the siege, but the question is how the water is brought into the city. This raises the assumption that the city owned its own complex of underwater channels which led to the river of South Morava. During archaeological excavations in year 1933, the foundations of the church built in the Moravian style were found in the village below the fort. The floor of the church was built from rough mosaic, and the other parts derived from alternating tiles; white marble and green stone with dimensions of 20 x 20m.

Paragraph 3: In the mid-18th century, Ahmed bin Sa'id Al Bu Said, who came from a small village in the interior of Oman, expelled the Persian colonizers from Oman and became the elected Imam of Oman, with Rustaq as its capital. Upon Imam Ahmed's death in 1783, the sovereignty of Oman was divided between the coastal side, which followed a hereditary line of succession ruled by Albusaidi Sultans in Muscat, and the interior of Oman, which retained the elective Imamate and later moved its capital from Rustaq to Nizwa. The British Empire was keen to dominate southeast Arabia to stifle the growing dominance of other European powers and counter the emerging maritime strength of the Omani Empire during the 18th and 19th centuries. The British thus made the decision to back the Albusaidi Sultans of Muscat. The British empire established a series of treaties with the Sultans with the objective of advancing British political and economic interest in Muscat, in return for granting protection to the Sultans. The Sultanate eventually became increasingly dependent on British loans and political advice. There were often tensions between the imams and the sultans of Muscat. The dispute between the Imamate and the Sultanate was for the most part political. The Omanis in the interior believed that the ruler should be elected and rejected growing British political and economic control over Muscat and Oman. In 1913, Imam Salim ibn Rashid al-Kharusi instigated an anti-Muscat rebellion that lasted until 1920 when the Imamate established peace with the Sultanate through the signing of Treaty of Seeb. The treaty resulted in a de facto split between Oman and Muscat, wherein the interior part (Oman) was ruled by the Imamate and the coastal part (Muscat) was ruled by the Sultanate. Iraq Petroleum Company, which signed an oil concession with the Sultan of Muscat in 1937, deduced that oil was very likely to exist in the interior regions of Oman. In 1954, a new imam, Ghalib Alhinai, defended the Imamate from the attacks of the Sultanate of Muscat, which was backed by the British government. Sultan Said Bin Taimur of Muscat, with the direct support from the British forces, was able to defeat the Imamate in Jebel Akhdar War that lasted until 1959. The name Muscat and Oman was changed to the Sultanate of Oman in 1970.

Paragraph 4: The next day, Odie wakes Jon up at the crack of dawn by licking his feet. This sends Jon rolling down the hill into the lake while still in his tent with Garfield in tow. At Garfield's suggestion that he "go and play with something poisonous", Odie runs into the nearby woods, passing a sign that reveals the woods to be Lake Woebegone, where the panther is lurking. The forest rangers are hunting for the panther, and attempt to warn Jon to evacuate, but after finding no one there, leave a note and move on. This proves unfortunate as a gust of wind kicks up after they leave, tossing the message into a recently extinguished campfire, where it burns up. Despite not hearing a man-eating beast growling in the night, Jon does find out that Garfield and Odie (to a lesser extent) have eaten all the food for the week, except for the dried fruit, and goes off on a tirade. Meanwhile, Garfield heads through the woods to "wait for the heat to die down". While there, he starts to appreciate the beauty of nature, until he meets two forest animals named Dicky the Beaver and Billy the Bunny who warn Garfield about the escaped panther, claiming it has already attacked other forest animals. Odie appears, after scaring all but Garfield away by accident, and the two eavesdrop on the two rangers passing by with a tranquilizer gun, hoping to capture the panther. The first ranger wishes that he had a weapon more powerful than his tranquilizer gun to hunt the panther with, but the second ranger assures him that one of the tranquilizer darts will be enough to knock out the panther. Garfield and Odie decide that now is the time to collect Jon and leave before they are possibly attacked by the beast, and the two run all the way back to the campsite.

Paragraph 5: The precursor of the Minica was the Mitsubishi 360, a series of light trucks introduced in April 1961. Designed for the lowest kei car vehicle tax classification, it was powered by an air-cooled 359 cc,  engine, providing a lowly  top speed but with a fully syncromeshed four-speed transmission. After the successful 1962 introduction of the passenger car version, called Minica, the 360 van and pickup continued alongside the Minica, sharing its development. The Mitsubishi 360/Minica competed with the established Subaru 360, Daihatsu Fellow Max, and the Suzuki Fronte in the late sixties. The somewhat unexpected success of the 360/Minica led Mitsubishi to end production of three-wheeled vehicles.

Paragraph 6: In 2009, LAMP archaeologists discovered the second oldest shipwreck in northeast Florida waters, an unidentified colonial sailing vessel known as the "Storm Wreck". The wreck site, completely buried when initially discovered, has been subject to excavations each summer from 2010 to 2012, and seems to consist of scattered remnants of cargo, ship's equipment and components, military hardware, and personal possessions. LAMP archaeologists, along with volunteer and student divers, have documented and recovered a wide range of well-preserved artifacts, including numerous iron and copper cauldrons, pewter spoons and plates, an iron tea kettle, ceramic and glass fragments, belt and shoe buckles, a brass candlestick, bricks, a flintlock Queen Anne pistol, three Brown Bess muskets (two of which were loaded, one with buck and ball), thousands of lead shot, military buttons (including one from a Royal Provincial unit and one from the 71st Regiment of Foot, Fraser's Highlanders), a cask of nails, tools and navigational equipment (including a sight from an octant), ship's hardware and rigging elements, the ship's lead deck pump, a bronze ship's bell, a 4-pounder cannon, and a 9-pounder carronade, believed to be the second oldest in the world. After three seasons of excavation and laboratory analysis of artifacts, it is believed that this vessel was a ship involved in the December 18, 1782, evacuation of Charleston at the end of the American Revolution, carrying Loyalist refugees and troops to St. Augustine, which was a loyal British colony at the time. This was the final British fleet to leave Charleston, and when it arrived between December 24 and 31, 1782, as many as sixteen vessels were lost on the sandbar in front of the St. Augustine inlet. In 2015-2016 LAMP discovered three additional historic shipwrecks, and is currently excavating one of these that appears to date to the second half of the 18th century, the so-called "Anniversary Wreck."

Paragraph 7: Born in Rendalen parish in Norway, his father, Johannes Henrik Reinhardt, was a priest, and his mother, Johanne Elisabeth Mommesen, was from Holmestrand (Norway). He was not baptized Johannes, but adopted the name later. After having been educated at home, he came to Copenhagen in 1792 and entered the university in 1793, where he passed the first two examinations, but after that spent almost two years at home, where he used the opportunity to study plants and animals. In 1796, he returned to Copenhagen to study theology, but his tendencies pulled him away from this study and towards natural history. He became a disciple of Martin Vahl, with whose help Reinhardt in 1801 got the opportunity to travel abroad, where he stayed until 1806 (in the beginning a mentor for a son of the titular councillor of state J.C.C. Brun). At first, Reinhardt studied mineralogy at the academy of mining in Freiberg, later primarily zoology and anatomy in Göttingen and finally in Paris. During his stay there he received an appointment as an inspector for that part of the newly established Royal Museum for Natural History which was founded by acquiring the collections of the Society for Natural History in 1805. He was just about to start as a private tutor in a German family in Normandy, but accepted happily the post as inspector instead, although the annual salary was only 200 Rdl., because he now felt it possible to return home without having to choose between "death from hunger or practising law". He remained in Paris for a few months more and tried to extend his rather insufficient knowledge by studying in the museums and by following Georges Cuvier's lectures, that had excited his enthusiasm. In late 1806 he returned and immediately took over the management of the collection. In 1809 he started giving lectures in the museum, and when professor J. Rathke had been transferred to Christiania, Reinhardt was also employed by the university in 1813, at first as a senior lecturer and the year after as a professor extraordinarius in natural history. In 1814, he married Mette Margrethe Nicoline Hammeleff (1782–1832), a daughter of titular councillor of state N. Hammeleff and Juliane Marie Hammeleff, born Pontoppidan. In 1821, he became a member of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters, in 1830 ordinary professor and a member of the Academic Council; in 1836 he was appointed honourable Doctor of Philosophy, and in 1839 he became titular councillor of state.

Paragraph 8: Port Royal, a wooden, double-ended, side-wheel gunboat, was launched at New York 17 January 1862 by Thomas Stack and commissioned at New York Navy Yard, 26 April 1862. Departing New York 4 May, Port Royal steamed to Hampton Roads, Virginia, to join the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron in supporting General George McClellan's drive up the peninsula toward Richmond, Virginia. She engaged Confederate batteries at Sewell's Point, Virginia, 8 May and a week later participated in the Battle of Drewry's Bluff, on the James River below the southern capital. After General Robert E. Lee's seven day campaign turned back McClellan's thrust, Port Royal shifted operations to the North Carolina Sounds. She was part of the Union Naval force which reconnoitered the Neuse River, North Carolina, arid attacked Kinston, 12–16 December.

Paragraph 9: Bridgton machine shop foreman Millard M. "Mel" Caswell was born in 1850.  He took an early interest in mechanical affairs of the proposed railroad and served as master mechanic for the B&SR until he retired in 1926.  He remained interested in the railroad and frequently attended the railfan excursions of the 1930s.  His son, Wilfred H. Caswell, was born in 1876 and shared his father's mechanical aptitude.  Wilfred Caswell was the engineer assigned to the construction train for the Harrison extension in 1898.  Wilfred was the Portland Company mechanical engineer who supervised construction of the first Maine narrow gauge Forney locomotive with a pilot truck (B&SR locomotive number 5) in 1906.  Wilfred then served as a consulting engineer for Baldwin Locomotive Works during construction of B&SR locomotive number 6 and an identical locomotive for the Sandy River Railroad.  In May 1909 Wilfred became master mechanic of the Sandy River and Rangeley Lakes Railroad (SR&RL).  Wilfred's early recognition of the technical value of photography produced excellent photographic documentation of SR&RL operations through the period of Maine Central Railroad ownership.  When SR&RL profits declined in 1922, Wilfred and his wife Blanche, who had been the SR&RL book-keeper, moved to Dedham, Massachusetts, where Wilfred worked for the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad.

Paragraph 10: After being disappointed with the way his material had been treated by the producers of the 1985 film Underworld, which Barker wrote (and which included a scene in which needles burst out of a character's skull), Barker penned the novella The Hellbound Heart (1986) as his first step in directing a film by himself, introducing the Cenobites whom he also referred to as "sadomasochists from Hell". The following year, Barker adapted the novella into the first Hellraiser film, introducing the Cenobites to a wider audience. A Cenobite from the novella, described as having his head decorated by a gridwork pattern and jeweled pins, was depicted in the movie as having a similar appearance involving iron nails and operating as the apparent leader of his order of demons. The film credits him as "Lead Cenobite", but the make-up crew and production team referred to him as Pinhead, a name that was learned of and adopted by fans. The character is glibly referred to by the name "Pinhead" on-screen for the first time in Hellraiser III. The Pinhead name was used in press materials for the films and the various films to follow, as well as tie-in comic books published by Marvel Comics, including a crossover comic with Marshal Law, and a mini-series entitled Pinhead. Clive Barker did not care for the nickname, believing it did not suit the dignity of the villain.

Paragraph 11: The KHR-3's physical specifications, such as height, weight, and the number of DOFs (degrees of freedom), were similar to Honda's ASIMO, which served as the benchmark for the project. In terms of AI and movements, HUBO fell short of the "next-gen ASIMO," which was unveiled three months later. While HUBO could only walk at 1.25 km/h, the ASIMO could walk at 2.5 km/h and also run at 3 km/h. The ASIMO was also capable of walking up and down stairs, which was a temporary shortcoming for HUBO needing further development. KAIST researchers noted, however, that HUBO could play kai-bai-bo (the Korean version of rock paper scissors), which was impossible for ASIMO since its fingers could not move independently of each other.

Paragraph 12: Lief, Barda, and Jasmine had retrieved the emerald from Dread Mountain. They travel along the River Tor to get to the Maze of the Beast, where they will get the amethyst. The gems they are taking are part of a Belt of Deltora, which will defeat the Shadow Lord that has invaded Deltora. During their travel, they encounter a pair of children nearly drowning in a stream. They save the children, but they reveal themselves to be Ols, creatures created by the Shadow Lord that can transform themselves to become another living creature. These creatures overrun the west side of Deltora to keep the gems hidden. Just before Barda is about to die, a boy Dain attacks the Ols and saves them. In the process, Dain injures his arm and several ribs. This causes Lief to sympathize for the boy, and take him to the Resistance, a group of people who rebel against the Shadow Lord. Arriving at the entrance to the Resistance's hideout, Dain faints from the pressure and forces the three to guess the password before they are marked as Ols and killed. Lief finds a note and realizes that the password is the first letter of every word on the note. They enter the Resistance and Doom, a man they have encountered before, tests them by putting them in a prison for three days. The test is supposed to find out if they are Ols because Ols can only hold their shape for three days. As three days pass, Doom does not let up and keeps them imprisoned. Dain frees them from the cave in exchange for their agreeing to take him to Tora. When Lief, Barda, and Jasmine reveal that they are not going to Tora, they split apart to make them less recognizable. Lief, Dain, and Barda take a boat that takes them down the river to the Maze of the Beast. They realize that Jasmine was also on the boat. The boat is raided by pirates, and Dain is taken prisoner. After reaching the Maze, Barda is revealed to be an Ol by the real Barda. Unfortunately, they are captured by pirates and are dumped into the Maze. After finding the location of the gem, Barda and Jasmine separate from Lief to lead the Beast away and Lief stays to carve the gem out of a column. They regroup when Lief was done, and escape the cave through a blowhole. The blowhole blows just after they escape, which takes the life of two pirates. The three then start off their journey to the Valley of the Lost.

Paragraph 13: After Rebellion Developments acquired the rights to the stories, a Scream! & Misty Halloween Special was published in October 2017. This included all-new stories based on characters from both comics. Following the success of this one-off a second special was produced in 2018. This one, however, had a choice of covers where readers could opt for either Scream! & Misty or Misty & Scream! This followed some debate online about how the Misty logo was much smaller than the Scream! logo on the 2017 special with Pat Mills (creator of Misty) feeling that it made Misty seem like a "poor relation" and that Rebellion perhaps didn't understand the female market. The 2017 special eventually had a Misty & Scream! variant made available, but only through specialist stores. In 2019 a further Scream! special was produced but without the Scream! branding - an entire collection devoted to The Thirteenth Floor with new stories. Scream! and Misty did return in 2020 and this time there would only be one version of the cover with the title given as Misty and Scream! (with a separate Misty Winter Special 2020 also available). 2021 then saw what was marketed as a Scream! One-Shot Special in US comic book size under the title of Black Beth and the Devils of Al-Kadesh.

Paragraph 14: During the season of 1866-1867 I became more intimate with Mussorgsky. I used to visit him; he lived with his married brother Filaret, near the Kashin Bridge. He played me many excerpts from his opera Salambo, which greatly delighted me. Then also, I think, he played me his fantasy St. John's Eve, for piano and orchestra, conceived under the influence of the Danse Macabre. Subsequently the music of this fantasy, having undergone many metamorphoses, was utilized as material for A Night on Bald Mountain. He also played me his delightful Jewish choruses: The Rout of Sennacherib and Iisus Navin [Joshua]. The music of the latter was taken by him from Salambo. The theme of this chorus had been overheard by Mussorgsky from Jews who lived in the same house as Mussorgsky and who were celebrating the Feast of the Tabernacles. Mussorgsky also played me the songs which had failed with Balakirev and Cui. Among these were Kalistrat and the beautiful fantasy Night, on a text by Pushkin. The song Kalistrat was a forerunner of the realistic vein which Mussorgsky later made his own; the song Night was representative of that ideal side of his talent which he himself trampled into the mire, though still drawing on its reserve stock in emergency. This reserve stock had been accumulated by him in Salambo and the Jewish choruses, when he took but little thought of the coarse muzhik. Be it remarked that the greater part of his ideal style [in, for example, Boris Godunov], such as Tsar Boris's arioso, the phrases of Dmitriy at the fountain, the chorus in the boyar duma, the death of Boris, etc., were taken by him from Salambo. His ideal style lacked a suitable crystal-like finish and graceful form. This he lacked because he had no knowledge of harmony and counterpoint. At first Balakirev's circle ridiculed these needless sciences, and then declared them beyond Mussorgsky. And so he went through life without them and consoled himself by regarding his ignorance as a virtue and the technique of others as routine and conservatism. But whenever he did manage to obtain a beautiful and flowing succession of notes, how happy he was. I witnessed that more than once."

Paragraph 15: Henry II, Duke of Guise, a gallant soldier, fond of adventure, was then at Rome, as a sort of unofficial agent of France. He was descended from René, the last Angevin king of Naples. Emissaries from the Neapolitan insurgents went sent to him, and offered to place him at the head of the Neapolitan Republic. Guise had neither soldiers nor money, and the French court, or rather Mazarin, was not disposed to assist him. He, however, determined with a party of fourteen persons, mostly domestics, and some ten or twenty thousand crowns, with which his mother and other friends helped him, to undertake the conquest of a kingdom. He sailed in a felucca from the mouth of the Tiber on November 13, passed unnoticed through the Spanish fleet, and reached Naples in safety. His appearance pleased the assembled multitude. Gennaro Annese, who still retained the title of captain general, had fortified himself in the tower or Carmine Castle, with a group of soldiers, and thither the Duke of Guise repaired, for Annese was not willing to leave his den. The duke, in his Memoirs, which were reprinted in 1826 in the “Collection Petitot,” describes this chief as a little man, ill-made, and very dark, his eyes sunk in his head, with short hair and large ears, a wide mouth, his beard close cut, and beginning to turn grey, his voice full and very hoarse. He was attended by about twenty guards as ill-looking as himself. He wore a buff coat with sleeves of red velvet, and scarlet breeches, with a cap of cloth of gold of the same color on his head ; he had a girdle of red velvet with three pistols on each side ; wore no sword, but carried a large blunderbuss in his hand. Annese, on seeing the duke, touched his cap, and then pulling off, without ceremony, the duke’s hat, he gave him a cap like his own to put on. He then took him by the hand and led him into the hall, where they sat down. The duke presented him the letter of the marquis de Fontenay, the French minister at Rome, adding the assurance of the protection of France and of the speedy arrival of a French fleet with supplies for the assistance of the Neapolitans. Annese opened the letter, turned up all the four sides in succession, and then gave it back to him, confessing that he could not read.

Paragraph 16: Columnists for the Daily Record have regularly analysed Elle's storylines.  Through her revenge campaign on Max they said she proved "herself once again to be a chip off the old Robinson block". One perceived the whole "will-they won't-they" storyline between Elle and Oliver to be "tiresome" and "nonsense" and their later affair was deemed predictable. While another said that the start of her relationship with Lucas was more epic than "Doctor Zhivago, Romeo and Juliet or The Thorn Birds". They said it was a silly storyline because they were "clearly mad for each other" yet "too stubborn to let each other know it". They later stated that it would have been easier if Lucas told Elle the truth more often. However; they opined that there was no need for Elle to be jealous of Lucas and Steph's friendship. They observed Elle as spending most of her days "wandering around looking like a wounded puppy" and said she should get over herself. As Elle is involved in different building disasters they said she has the "kiss of death". They quipped "If there's one thing you really must never do in soapland, it's enter a dodgy building with Elle Robinson. That's because before you know it, some disaster will have struck, and it's likely you'll be left fighting for your life because of it." Upon Elle's final scenes, they said that viewers could expect "plenty of tears" when Elle makes her departure and leave Lucas behind. Inside Soap asked their readers whether Oliver should be with Elle or Carmella. Elle was voted their second best with only thirty-four percent of the vote. Katie Baillie writing for Metro included Elle on a list of the "worst Neighbours characters" ever. Baillie stated that Elle's inclusion owed to her "annoying" status as a scheming Robinson and her pouting.

Paragraph 17: The Syriac Catholics, that is, those in communion with Rome, use the same rite as the Syriac Orthodox, but perhaps in a more organized manner.  There is not much that can be called Romanizing in their books; but they have the advantage of well-arranged, well-edited, and well-printed books. The most prominent early modern and modern students of the West Syriac Rite (the Assemani, Renaudot, etc.) have been Catholic. Their knowledge and Western standards of scholarship in general are advantages from which the Syriac Catholics profit. Of the manifold Syriac Anaphoras, the Catholics use seven only — those of St James, St John, St Peter, St Chrysostom, St Xystus, St Matthew, and St Basil. That of St Xystus is attached to the Ordo communis in their official book; that of St John is said on the chief feasts. The lessons only are in Arabic. It was inevitable that the Syriac Liturgies, coming from miaphysite sources, should be examined at Rome before they are allowed to Syriac Catholics, but the revisers made very few changes. Out of the mass of anaphoras they chose those believed to be the oldest and purest, leaving out the long series of later ones that they regarded as unorthodox, or even invalid. In the seven kept for Syriac Catholic use what alterations have been made are chiefly the omission of redundant prayers, and the simplication of confused parts in which the Diaconicum and the Euchologion had become mixed together. The only substantive change is the omission of the clause: "Who was crucified for us" in the Trisagion. There is no suspicion of modifying in the direction of the Roman Rite. The other books of the Catholics — Diaconicum, officebook, and ritual — are edited at Rome, Beirut, and the Patriarchal press Sharfé; they are considerably the most accessible, the best-arranged books in which to study this rite.

Paragraph 18: Protestant Nonconformism had several strongholds in Surrey, particularly in the west: Farnham has had numerous Nonconformist congregations since the 17th century, and Godalming was "a hotbed of radical Protestant Nonconformity". Some denominations were more successful than others: Surrey was part of the so-called "Methodist Wilderness", where "implacable opposition" to Wesley's mission was experienced until the early 20th century—especially in rural areas—and therefore few Methodist chapels became established.  In contrast, the founding of the (initially interdenominational) Surrey Mission in 1797 gave great impetus to Congregational, Baptist and Independent groups throughout the 19th century, leaving a legacy of dozens of chapels, schools and associated institutions.  Many congregations formed themselves into churches which have survived into the 21st century.  Congregationalism was especially prominent: Godalming Congregational Church looked after "out-stations" (mission chapels) in Bowlhead Green, Elstead, Eashing, Wormley and Milford; Guildford's church was responsible for founding or maintaining the chapels at Compton, Shamley Green and Blackheath Village; and the church at Farnham administered mission chapels at Lower Bourne and Wrecclesham.  General Baptist congregations developed in the late 19th century at Chiddingfold and Dunsfold, both with the help of local resident Samuel Barrow , and one was founded in Godalming around the same time. In the late 20th century, two former Congregational chapels—at Ewhurst and Milford—were taken over by Baptist groups, and a large Baptist church was built in Farnham in 1975. Strict Baptists had congregations at Cranleigh, Hale and Farnham; the first two subsequently adopted a General Baptist character, and Park Lane Chapel at Farnham (which was founded by an émigré Polish Jew who converted to Christianity) is no longer in religious use. A Strict Baptist chapel was founded in 1862 in Haslemere and remained in use until 2017.  Methodism was most successful in the far southwest of the county.  The Methodist Statistical Returns published in 1947 recorded the existence of chapels with Wesleyan Methodist origins at Cranleigh, Farnham, Godalming, Grayshott, Hale, Hascombe, Haslemere, Hindhead and Rowledge and a single ex-Primitive Methodist chapel at Badshot Lea.  Only the late 19th-century churches at Farnham, Hale and Rowledge and those at Godalming (1903) and Cranleigh (1904) are still in use.  Haslemere's original chapel was sold to another congregation in 1972 when a larger new church opened.  The former Badshot Lea Primitive Methodist Chapel survives in secular use.  The chapels at Farnham and Godalming are now home to joint Methodist and United Reformed congregations.

Paragraph 19: The Priestly source (or simply P) is perhaps the most widely recognized of the sources underlying the Torah. It is both stylistically and theologically distinct from other material in the Torah, and includes a set of claims that are contradicted by non-Priestly passages and therefore uniquely characteristic: no sacrifice before the institution is ordained by Yahweh (God) at Sinai, the exalted status of Aaron and the priesthood, and the use of the divine title El Shaddai before God reveals his name to Moses, to name a few. In general, the Priestly work is concerned with priestly matters – ritual law, the origins of shrines and rituals, and genealogies – all expressed in a formal, repetitive style. It stresses the rules and rituals of worship, and the crucial role of priests, expanding considerably on the role given to Aaron (all Levites are priests, but according to P only the descendants of Aaron were to be allowed to officiate in the inner sanctuary).

Paragraph 20: Cape Feare is considered one of the darkest and one of the best episodes of The Simpsons. Scenes which changed the ultimate feel of the storyline involved Bob nearly killing Bart by cornering him along with tying up the rest of the family, along with the bloody tone at the beginning due to Bob sending Bart those letters. With these particular reasons, many consider this episode as one of the best in the show. According to Matt Groening, people often include this episode among their top 10 favorites. In Entertainment Weekly's top 25 The Simpsons episodes ever, it was placed third. To celebrate the show's 300th episode "Barting Over", USA Today published a top 10 chosen by the webmaster of The Simpsons Archive, which had this episode at a ninth place. In 2006, IGN named "Cape Feare" the best episode of the fifth season. Vanity Fair called it the show's fourth-best episode in 2007, as "this episode's masterful integration of filmic parody and a recurring character puts it near the top." James Walton of The Daily Telegraph characterized the episode as one of "The 10 Best Simpsons TV Episodes", while the Herald Sun placed it in their "The Simpsons Top 20". Karl Åkerström of the Swedish newspaper Borås Tidning called it his "all-time favorite" episode of the show. Michael Moran of The Times and Emily VanDerWerff of Slant Magazine both ranked "Cape Feare" as the fourth-best in the show's history. Cast member Hank Azaria cited this episode as his favorite in the series.

Paragraph 21:  That the President of the United States be requested to present to the nearest male relative of lieutenant William Burrows, and to lieutenant Edward R. McCall of the brig Enterprise, a gold medal with suitable emblems and devices; and a silver medal with like emblems and devices to each of the commissioned officers of the aforesaid vessel, in testimony of the high sense entertained in the conflict with the British sloop Boxer, on the fourth of September, in the year one thousand eight hundred and thirteen. And the President is also requested to communicate to the nearest male relative of lieutenant Burrows the deep regret which Congress feel for the loss of that valuable officer, who died in the arms of victory, nobly contending for his country's rights and fame.

Paragraph 22: McClanahan's career-long 41-yard run on Minnesota's first play of the game set up quarterback Fran Tarkenton's 18-yard touchdown pass to tight end Stu Voigt. Eddie Brown gave his team some early scoring opportunities with big special teams plays, first returning the kickoff 26 yards to the 38-yard line, and later returning a punt 17 yards to the Vikings 45.  But the team was unable to capitalize.  All they could do after the kickoff return was go three-and-out, and on the first play after his big punt return, Billy Kilmer threw a pass that was intercepted by Bobby Bryant.  Now momentum seemed slipping away, but on the first play after Bryant's pick, Washington took the ball right back with an interception by safety Jake Scott, who returned it 17 yards to the Minnesota 34-yard line.  Three plays later, Mark Moseley kicked a 47-yard field goal that cut the Washington deficit to 7-3. Later in the quarter, Minnesota drove 66 yards and scored when Tarkenton threw a 27-yard pass to Sammy White.  Safety Ken Houston deflected the ball, but it still bounced to White, who made a diving juggling catch for a touchdown to put the Vikings up 14-3.  By the end of the first quarter, the Vikings had gained 143 yards, while holding Washington to 18 yards and no first downs.

Paragraph 23: On that day shortly after 5:00 p.m., a Volkswagen Safari left the small town of Aguilares, an hour north of San Salvador. Inside were three passengers: 72-year-old Manuel Solórzano, 16-year-old named Nelson Lemus, and Rutilio Grande himself. While exiting the town near the train tracks, the vehicle stopped to give three small children a ride. Their destination was Grande’s birthplace of El Paisnal, some three miles away, where Grande was to continue a novena celebrating the feast day of Saint Joseph, the town’s patron. As the local church in the town’s central plaza tolled its bell to gather people, Grande and the others were still driving along the narrow, dusty road. As they passed the small village of Los Mangos, the children recalled seeing groups of two or three men on the banks of the small canals lining either side of the road. Behind Grande’s vehicle was a small pickup truck that had trailed them from Aguilares. In a low voice, Grande is quoted as saying “We must do what God wants.” As the pickup came closer to the Volkswagen, a hail of bullets rained on the car. The later autopsy indicated that Grande was killed by twelve bullets from both the front and rear of the vehicle, the weapons and ammunition used common to the local police. The bullets from the front hit Grande's jaw and neck and penetrated his skull; from the rear and left, he was shot through the lower back and pelvis. When the bodies were found it appeared that Solórzano tried in vain to shield Grande with his body, while "Nelson sat quietly in his seat with a bullet in his forehead." The three children who had been given a ride were screaming in the back of the vehicle. A man whom they recognised ordered them to leave, which they did, full of panic. They passed by the bodies of the three men, not even seeing them. As they ran down the road towards El Paisnal, they heard one final shot. Covered in blood and dirt, they did not stop running until they had entered the town.

Paragraph 24: According to John Van Antwerp Fine Tomislav's northern border was the Drava River. South of it, the king held "modern Croatia, Slavonia, northern and western Bosnia, and the territory along the Dalmatian coast from what is now Rijeka to at least the mouth of the Cetina River (excluding the scattered Byzantine towns)". Fine criticized the relationship between Tomislav's territory and modern Croatian nationalist sentiment in his 2006 book, calling 10th-century sources unreliable and "roughly a third" of Croatia's perceived eastern land "entirely speculation". Fine wrote, "It is possible that Croatia really did have some of it, but Bulgaria may have had some of it; early Serb entities may have had some of it, not to speak of various župans and other local Slavic lords who in any serious way answered to no one. If the last supposition is true (to any degree), then parts of this territory would not have been held by any 'state. Acknowledging the possibility that Croatia held all the depicted territory and more, Fine said that whoever controlled the eastern land depicted in Tomislav's kingdom is unknown and should be marked as terra incognita on maps. He criticised Lučić and Šanjek's delineation of Tomislav's eastern border as "nationalist map-making" and "distorting the perceptions of children on their nation's history in a way that promotes interpreting later events as territorial loss and fragmentation."

Paragraph 25: Shore Line East (SLE) is a commuter rail service which operates along the Northeast Corridor through southern Connecticut, United States. The rail service is a fully owned subsidiary of the Connecticut Department of Transportation (CTDOT) and is operated under the CT Rail brand. SLE provides service seven days a week along the Northeast Corridor between New London and New Haven; limited through service west of New Haven to Bridgeport and Stamford has been suspended since 2020. Cross-platform transfers to Metro-North Railroad New Haven Line trains are available at New Haven for service to southwestern Connecticut and New York City. Pre-COVID, around 2,200 riders used the service on weekdays.

Paragraph 26: At the end of November 1295 Cardinal Giovanni was present and working in the Roman Curia, and was one of eighteen cardinals who received a distribution from the funds of the Treasury of the College of Cardinals.  On 12 March 1296 he was one of twenty-one cardinals who received a 1/18 share in the payment of 2000 livres Tournois presented by the Procurators of the Abbot of Cluny.  At Easter 1296 he had his share of 600 gold florins presented by the Archbishop of Florence; and likewise a share in the 400 gold florins presented by the Bishop of Tortona in Lombardy.  On 29 April he shared in the 600 florins paid by the Bishop of Famagusta. At Pentecost 1296, eighteen cardinals shared in the 1900 florins presented by the Bishop of Séez;  and a distribution of the 500 livres Tournois paid by the Archbishop of Rouen; and a 1/23 share in the 50 livres of the Bishop of Teramo. On 29 June 1296 there was a distribution of 500 florins paid by the Bishop of Patras.  Around the Feast of S. Michael, 29 September 1296 he received a share of the payment made through the bankers of the Abbot of S. Victor of Marseille.  On 10 May 1297 he was present at the degrading of Cardinals Jacobus and Petrus Colonna, from whose confiscated income Pope Boniface VIII granted a half to the cardinals, nineteen of whom are named, included Giovanni of Tusculum.  He also participated in a distribution of 5 gold pieces which had been offered by the Archbishop of Strigonia at his ad limina visit.  On 24 June 1297 he was one of twenty-two cardinals who received his share of the money offered by the Abbot of S. Justinus in Padua; of the money offered by the Bishop of Padua; and of the money brought by the Proctor of the Bishop of Siena.  At Easter 1298 the Archbishop of Tours visited Rome, and presented the College of Cardinals with 200 livres Tournois, which was divided among fourteen cardinals, including Giovanni of Tusculum.  At the same time the sum of 2500 florins out of the payment of the Bishop of Zaragoza was distributed to the same cardinals; and a distribution from the sum of 2000 florins paid by the Bishop of Pamiers.  On 20 May 1298 the 500 florins brought by the Bishop of Lodève was shared by eighteen cardinals in the Curia; at the same time there was a distribution of the 1000 gold florins paid by the Bishop of Urgel; and a distribution from the 500 livres Tournois presented by the Archbishop of Rouen.  On 2 June 1298 the Abbot of Subiaco paid 300 gold florins owed by his predecessor, which was shared by twenty cardinals.  On 5 September 1298 there was a distribution of the payment of 180 livres Tournois made by the Abbot of the Major Monasterium in Tours, with a 1/15 share coming to Cardinal Giovanni of Tusculum.  These are only examples, showing the very large, if irregular, income of a cardinal at the time, and indicating that a cardinal was present in the Roman Curia at the time.  Cardinals who were not present in the Curia (except occasionally deceased cardinals, whose estates benefitted from a late payment of dues) did not share in the distributions;  this applied to Papal Legates, who had to be paid by the Pope through the Apostolic Camera, not by the Camera of the College of Cardinals.

Paragraph 27: Although regularly lining out as a goalkeeper, Nash has also been noted as a long-range free-taker and as a penalty taker. His technique for the latter — right hand on top but striking left handed — required such a high throw that it carried six or seven metres ahead of him. Using his run-in and stroke to achieve maximum velocity, Nash was only about 13 metres from the goal when he connected with the sliotar. His penalty technique was first highlighted when he scored in Cork's All-Ireland quarter-final defeat of Wexford in 2012. Commentator Ger Canning noticed how far Nash had lifted the ball, saying that it looked like the strike was closer to being 15 metres from goal as opposed to the regulation 20 metres. Nash's technique gained more prominence when he scored goals from close-in frees in each of the drawn and replayed All-Ireland finals in 2013, in spite of being charged down by Clare goalkeeper Patrick Kelly. His advancing penalties subsequently became a major talking point. The dangerous nature of it was being discussed by former goalkeepers such as Ger Cunningham and Davy Fitzgerald, while techniques to stop it were also being discussed. Other players, such as Kilkenny's T. J. Reid, also developed their own Nash-style penalty. The issue was raised again following Stephen O'Keeffe's charging down of a Nash penalty in the Munster quarter-final replay against Waterford in 2014. O'Keeffe's save with his thigh sparked a further debate regarding the safety of the penalty technique and the role of the defending goalkeeper. The GAA's Management Committee quickly clarified the rules in relation to penalties and 20-metre frees insisting that shots should be taken from the full 20 metres out with no rushing the ball from defenders. This clarification was immediately dubbed the "Nash Rule". The rule was later changed again with one-on-one penalties being implemented in 2015.

Paragraph 28: Kimberley Jane Scott (née Walsh; born 20 November 1981) is an English singer, fashion designer, model, variety performer, television presenter, actress and dancer. She rose to fame in late 2002 when she auditioned for the reality series Popstars: The Rivals on ITV. The series announced that Walsh had won a place as a member of the girl group Girls Aloud. The group achieved large success, having twenty consecutive top ten singles (including four number ones) in the UK, six studio albums have all been certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), two of which went to number one in the UK, and accumulating a total of five BRIT Award nominations. In 2009, Girls Aloud won "Best Single" with their song "The Promise".

Paragraph 29: In 1909, Shichizaemon Yuasa established Yuasa Iron Works to modernize the family business, founded in 1666 as a charcoal trading business. Yuasa Iron Works began producing storage batteries in 1915, and three years later Yuasa Storage Battery Co., Ltd was established. Soon after, Yuasa Storage Battery Co., Ltd began making Japan's first automotive batteries. In 1925, Yuasa began making dry cells, and in 1941 they began making alkaline cells. The dry battery business was later spun off into Yuasa Dry Battery Co., Ltd, which later merged back into Yuasa Storage Battery Co., Ltd to form Yuasa Battery Co, Ltd, later renamed to Yuasa Corporation.

Paragraph 30: The lyrical content is largely political and spiritual, with Rundgren expressing his outspoken views against conservatism, particularly on "Family Values" with its slams against Dan Quayle. "Tables Will Turn" is a song about social inequity and how inevitably the situation will change. "If Not Now When" expresses anger against those who claim they want positive change but are too apathetic to act. In accordance with the humanism which has always driven Rundgren's lyrics, in "The Ultimate Crime" he sings "the ultimate crime is not to care." The funky track "Espresso (All Jacked Up)" is a catchy song about travel and having fun in life which could well have scored airplay but didn't. "The Individualist" is a laid-back track utilising rapping, as on No World Order as Rundgren reflects on his desire to see the truth of things and not be subjected to other's views of reality. It includes a humorous jab at Prince's name change: "Change my name to some funky fresh dingbat/Like 'the artist formerly known as TR-i'". "Cast the First Stone" is an example of Rundgren's heavier, more raucous electronic style. In it, Rundgren rails against moral hypocrites. It is similar in feel and sentiment to songs such as "Mammon" and "Liars" on his later Liars album but also to "Fascist Christ" from No World Order. In "Beloved Infidel", a plaintive ballad, Rundgren sings sadly of how the "weak are vilified and wicked glorified"; he awaits the return of the beloved infidel, which seems a metaphor for truth, when the 'liberation bell' will be rung. "Temporary Sanity", which has a rapped middle-eight, is a protest against the insanity of the human race's obsessions with wars and vanity.