Paragraph 1: On June 4, Crisp was the center of controversy in a game against the Tampa Bay Rays. While Crisp was trying to steal second base in the bottom of the sixth inning, Rays shortstop Jason Bartlett purposely placed his knee in front of the bag in an attempt to prevent Crisp from stealing the base. Crisp stole the base, but was not happy with this. On base again in the bottom of the eighth inning, he attempted another steal, this time taking out second baseman Akinori Iwamura on a hard slide. His slide was controversial and catalyzed the "payback pitch" the following game. During a pitching change in that inning, Rays manager Joe Maddon and Crisp argued, with Crisp in the dugout and Maddon on the pitching mound. After the game, Crisp said that he thought Bartlett would cover the bag, instead he (Bartlett) chose to tell Iwamura to take the throw in the eighth inning. Crisp described Bartlett's knee in front of the bag as a "Dirty" play. During the next game, with Crisp at bat in the bottom of the second inning, and the Sox up 3–1, Rays starter James Shields hit him on the thigh on the second pitch. Crisp charged the mound and first dodged a punch from Shields, and then threw a glancing punch at Shields, which set off a bench-clearing brawl. Crisp, Jonny Gomes, and Shields were ejected from the game. Major League Baseball suspended Crisp for seven games due to his actions in the brawl. Upon appeal, the suspension was reduced to five games, which he had served as of June 28, 2008. In Game 5 of the ALCS, Crisp had a game-tying hit in the bottom of the eighth inning to cap Boston's seven-run comeback. Boston would go on to win the game 8–7 with a walk-off single in the ninth inning by J. D. Drew, but eventually lost the series in seven games.

Paragraph 2: The evolution of complex societies can be attributed to several factors. The prevalent theory which explains the start of complex societies is the pressure exuded by warfare or a method to organize a population of approximately more than 150. Warfare contribution to establishing complex societies by creating pressure for comprehension between groups which strengthens the cooperation in groups, it improves the organization of the groups structure, and pushes the desire to grow the population of the group.  The growth of population results in the loss of person to person interaction which creates a need for a system to keep track the interaction between the leads of the group. The groups would then create symbols of either language, clothing or ideology to identify who belongs to the group and where are their position in the society. The process of identifying the who resides in the groups also expands to identifying the power structure of the group. The identification of the power structure within the group is commonly distributed as a hierarchical power structure meaning groups are organized with one head of the group overseeing the whole group. The group will eventually grow to a state in which labor is divided within specializations meaning that there are branches in the society that are in charge in military affairs, laws, or religion of said society, the elites of the society occupied the leading positions in the branches.

Paragraph 3: Mount Washington State Park is a  parcel perched on the summit of Mount Washington, New Hampshire, the highest peak in the northeastern United States. Summer seasonal amenities include a cafeteria, restrooms, gift shops, the Mount Washington Observatory and its museum. The historic Tip Top House is located adjacent to the summit building and is open (small fee) to visitors from early May to early October. The park is accessible by the Mount Washington Auto Road, the Mount Washington Cog Railway, the Appalachian Trail, or numerous other hiking trails from surrounding trailheads including Pinkham Notch, Crawford Notch and the Cog Railway base station.

Paragraph 4: On March 27, 2009, the UnStable entered the 2009 King of Trios tournament, defeating the Cold Front 2.0 (Al Snow, D'Lo Brown and Glacier) in the first round. The following day the UnStable defeated Da Soul Touchaz (Marshe Rockett, Trauma and Willie Richardson) to advance to the following day's semifinals, where they were defeated by Team Uppercut (Bryan Danielson, Claudio Castagnoli and Dave Taylor). In the latter half of 2009 the UnStable started a long losing streak, which included a first round loss in the 2010 King of Trios, during which Stigma and Gerard began showing signs of a tecnico turn by making sure that Amasis was fine after their match against him and Ophidian on March 20, 2010. Gerard faced Amasis again, this time in a singles match, on May 23 and managed to score his first victory in six months only to learn later that Colin Delaney had interfered in the match. In a blog entry on Chikara's official website Gerard attacked Delaney, calling him selfish and warned him not to interfere in his and Stigma's deciding match against The Osirian Portal on June 27. On June 27 at Faded Scars and Lines Delaney interfered in the match and helped Stigma and Gerard defeat the Osirian Portal. After teasing dissension, all three members of the UnStable united and attacked Amasis and Ophidian. On July 26 at Chikarasaurus Rex: King of Show, the Osirian Portal teamed with the returning Drake Younger, who hadn't forgotten what Gerard and Stigma did to him in August 2008, and together the three of them gained a measure of revenge on the UnStable by defeating them in a six-man tag team match. Even though the UnStable had seemingly reunited, tension rose again during the Young Lions Cup VIII weekend, when Delaney eliminated Stigma from a 30 Man Countdown Showdown match. On September 10 UltraMantis Black announced that he had recruited Stigma to be a part of his team of Chikara originals for the seventh annual torneo cibernetico match on October 23, where they would face the rudo stable Bruderschaft des Kreuzes. On September 19, 2010, at Through Savage Progress Cuts the Jungle Line the UnStable faced the Future is Now (Equinox, Helios and Jigsaw) in a six-man tag team match. During the match Delaney turned on the UnStable and re–formed his tag team with Olsen, after which Gerard got his team disqualified by low blowing the former Olsen Twins. On October 23, Stigma represented Chikara in the torneo cibernetico match and entered the match wearing his old Shane Storm mask. He was eliminated from the match by BDK's Tim Donst. The following day, in the first match between the UnStable and the Olsen Twins, Vin Gerard picked up the victory for his team by forcing Delaney Olsen to submit. The following week Stigma and Gerard made their first tour of Japan with Osaka Pro Wrestling. The UnStable had a rematch with the Olsen Twins on November 21, this time with the Olsens coming out victorious. In February 2011, the UnStable began feuding with 3.0 (Scott "Jagged" Parker and Shane Matthews). The feud ended on May 21, when 3.0 defeated the UnStable in a tag team match, where the losing team had to split up. Following this match, Stigma was not seen in Chikara for nearly a year, with his profile being quietly removed from the promotion's official website.

Paragraph 5: A proposal to relocate the terminal from the east side to the site of the Miramar Golf Course was put forward in 1956. Houses were moved and hills were bulldozed to make way for the construction of the new Wellington Airport in 1958, at a total cost of £5 million. The current airport was officially reopened on 25 October 1959, after lobbying by the local Chamber of Commerce for a location that was much closer to the city centre. Paraparaumu Airport was deemed unsuitable for large planes due to adverse terrain. The original length of the runway was , and was extended to the length of  in the early 1970s, to handle Douglas DC-8s. Wellington's original domestic terminal was built as a temporary measure inside a corrugated iron hangar, originally used to assemble de Havilland aircraft. It was known for being overcrowded, leaky and draughty. This building remained visible from the Sounds Air terminal from which a covered walkway used to link the old terminal to the new one, but has since been removed. An upgrade of the domestic terminal, budgeted at NZ$10 million, was announced in 1981, but by 1983 the plans were shelved after cost projections more than doubled. The terminal was extensively refurbished in 1987 by Air New Zealand, and Ansett New Zealand built a new terminal as an extension to the international terminal when it commenced competing domestic air services in 1987.

Paragraph 6: Female. Forewing length 4.9 mm. Head: frons shining white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex neck tufts and collar shining olive brown with greenish and reddish reflections; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, greyish brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally, extreme apex white; scape dark brown with a white anterior line, white ventrally, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to two-thirds, interrupted in middle, followed towards apex by eleven dark brown segments, nine dark brown with a white line and eighteen dark brown segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining olive brown with greenish and reddish gloss. Legs: shining dark brown with reddish gloss, femur of midleg shining ochreous, femur of hindleg shining golden, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one, two and five, tibia of midleg with a white narrow oblique basal line, a white oblique medial line and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with a lateral white line on the outside, ending dorsally at apex, segment two with a white oblique streak in the distal half and segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg as midleg, but the markings silvery and with an additional broad pale golden subapical ring and long hair pencils before and after the medial line, tarsal segment four dorsally white at apex and segment five dorsally entirely white, spurs ochreous-white dorsally, dark grey ventrally, tips white. Forewing shining olive brown in basal one-quarter, darker brown towards apex and with reddish gloss, four very narrow white lines in the basal area, a subcostal from base to one-quarter, bending from costa in distal third, a medial above fold, from base to two-fifths, a very short subdorsal from one-fifth, a short dorsal from beyond base to one-fifth, an orange-yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with a long apical protrusion from the middle and as an apical line to apex, bordered at the inner edge by a tubercular very pale golden metallic fascia with greenish and reddish reflections, subcostally on outside with patch of blackish scales, bordered at the outer edge by two very pale golden tubercular costal and dorsal spots with purplish reflection, the costal spot as a streak of one-quarter wing length, the dorsal spot more or less square and more towards base than the costal, both spots lined brown on the inside, a white costal streak beyond the costal spot, cilia brown, slightly paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining brown with strong reddish gloss, cilia brown. Underside: forewing shining dark brown, the pale yellow apex line distinctly visible in the cilia as a white streak, hindwing shining dark brown. Abdomen not examined, previously used for dissection.

Paragraph 7: From at least the sixteenth century, the most select group of undergraduates were the noblemen (peers, eldest sons of peers or relatives of the monarch) who paid four times the normal fees and often received an MA degree after two years’ residence only, and without any formal exercises - thus bypassing the BA degree. However, they might not stay long enough to graduate.  At the universities this group was marked with gold tassels ("tufts") on their mortarboard caps, compared to the black ones that socially lower-ranking students wore. Those students of the next rank, fellow-commoners at Cambridge or Dublin, or gentlemen commoners at Oxford, paid twice the normal fee, ate with the fellows and were also excused from attending college lectures and performing their exercises for the plain BA. They could graduate a year earlier than the next category below. Nevertheless, at Cambridge both higher categories of student still had to take the Senate House Examination if they wished to have an honours degree. Commoners (at Oxford) or Pensioners (at Cambridge & Dublin) paid the standard fee and were more likely remain to graduate. Below them came servitors (at Oxford) and sizars (at Cambridge & Dublin), whose college fees were subsidised by their colleges and who in return had to fetch and carry, sweep, and serve at table. This group was much more likely to graduate. Oliver Goldsmith was a sizar: Isaac Newton was a subsizar. These privileges and humiliations were gradually removed during the nineteenth century.

Paragraph 8: During the last three years friends and I have interviewed several hundred former prisoners, read newspaper articles on the camps as well as various reports of Amnesty International, and have studied official statements from the Vietnamese Government and its press on the re-education camps. The picture that emerges is one of severe hardship, where prisoners are kept on a starvation diet, overworked and harshly punished for minor infractions of camp rules. We know of cases where prisoners have been beaten to death, confined to dark cells or in ditches dug around the perimeters of the camps and executed for attempting escape. A common form of punishment is confinement to the CONEX boxes—air-freight containers that were left behind by the United States in 1975. The boxes vary in size; some are made of wood and others of metal. In a CONEX box 4 feet high and 4 feet wide, for example, several prisoners would be confined with their feet shackled, and allowed only one bowl of rice and water a day. "It reminded me of the pictures I saw of Nazi camp inmates after World War II," said a physician we interviewed who witnessed the release of four prisoners who had been confined to a CONEX box for one month. None of them survived."

Paragraph 9: We believe in one God the Father Almighty, of whom are all things. And in the only-begotten Son of God, begotten of God before all ages, and before every beginning; through whom all things visible and invisible were made: who is the only-begotten born of the Father, the only of the only, God of God, similar to the Father who begat him, according to the Scriptures, and whose generation no one knows but the Father only that begat him. We know that this only-begotten Son of God, as sent of the Father, came down from the heavens, as it is written, for the destruction of sin and death: and that he was born of the Holy Spirit, and of the Virgin Mary according to the flesh, as it is written, and conversed with his disciples; and that after every dispensation had been fulfilled according to his Father's will, he was crucified and died, and was buried and descended into the lower parts of the earth, at whose presence hades itself trembled: who also arose from the dead on the third day, again conversed with his disciples, and after the completion of forty days was taken up into the heavens, and sits at the right hand of the Father, whence he will come in the last day, the day of the resurrection, in his Father's glory, to requite every one according to his works. [We believe] also in the Holy Spirit, whom he himself the only-begotten of God, Christ our Lord and God, promised to send to mankind as the Comforter, according as it is written, "the Spirit of truth;" whom he sent to them after he was received into the heavens.But since the term ousia [substance or essence], which was used by the fathers in a very simple and intelligible sense, but not being understood by the people, has been a cause of offense, we have thought proper to reject it, as it is not contained even in the sacred writings; and that no mention of it should be made in future, inasmuch as the holy Scriptures have nowhere mentioned the substance of the Father and of the Son. Nor ought the "subsistence" of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit to be even named. But we affirm that the Son is similar to the Father, in such a manner as the sacred Scriptures declare and teach. Let therefore all heresies which have been already condemned, or may have arisen of late, which are opposed to this exploitation of the faith, be anathema.

Paragraph 10: The airport is northeast of downtown in east Omaha. Although the airport is in Nebraska on the west side of the Missouri River, it is surrounded on the east, west, and south by Iowa: the Missouri River formed an oxbow west of the land that became Eppley Airfield. The river cut off the oxbow during an 1877 flood, leaving behind Carter Lake on a portion of its former course; the Supreme Court ruled in 1893 that though the land cut off by the river's changed route now lay west of the Missouri, it remained part of Iowa. This land eventually became the city of Carter Lake, Iowa.

Paragraph 11: Talbot's early career was spent as a cavalryman in the Irish Confederate Wars. Following a period on the Continent, he joined the court of James, Duke of York, then in exile following the English Civil War; Talbot became a close and trusted associate. After the 1660 restoration of James's older brother Charles to the thrones of England, Ireland and Scotland Talbot began acting as agent or representative for Irish Catholics attempting to recover estates confiscated after the Cromwellian conquest, a role that would define the remainder of his career. James converted to Catholicism in the late 1660s, strengthening his association with Talbot.

Paragraph 12: While Carey paved a lot of the album with slower and autobiographical ballads, she also attempted at making an album with a mixture of several different genres. According to Jon Pareles of The New York Times, the album showed off Carey's musical and vocal versatility, especially when viewing the differences in the record's first and second singles, "Ms. Carey is known for her voice, of course: she can hit high notes that barely sound human, and few singers leap around the octaves as gracefully as she does. But as she tries to regain her audience, her greatest weapon may be her versatility: Ms. Carey also knows how to make a hip-hop hit by holding back and letting the beat shine." Carey decided to work with Just Blaze after she heard the song "Oh Boy" he had produced for Cam'ron. Together they produced "Boy (I Need You)", a remake of "Oh Boy", and "You Got Me". Carey described the former as one of her favorites on the album. "It's definitely one of my favorites, 'cause I love the original. It was cool to have him out there doing his thing in such a random environment," she said. "Boy (I Need You)" was released as the second single from the album on November 26, 2002. Initially, "The One" was scheduled to be released as the second single and the music video was shot for the song. However, halfway through the filming, the track was changed to "Boy (I Need You)".

Paragraph 13: Blue Room Released started operating in 1994 with financial backing from the B&W loudspeaker company, based in Steyning, West Sussex, England. It was founded by Simon Ghahary, the designer and founder of Blue Room Loudspeakers who was responsible for the design and identity of the "pod" speaker series. It was based in Shoreditch, London (1995-2000) with an office in San Francisco (1997-2000). In 1996, Robert Trunz backed the venture independently with Ghahary at the helm. Blue Room was musically A&R by Simon Ghahary, with label manager Mick Paterson (formerly from Novamute/Mute Records) and was dedicated to the electronic underground, releasing techno, trance, dub, and ambient music. The label signings such as Juno Reactor, Total Eclipse, Koxbox, X-Dream, Eternal Basement, from in and around Europe, it set out to find other artists around the world, and showcased these finds on compilations, such Outside the Reactor (compiled with DJ Mike Maquire), The Trip Through Sound, Made On Earth and Signs of Life series (compiled in-house by Ghahary). Some of the music genres it had released include trance, breaks, dub, chillout, and electronica.

Paragraph 14: On October 19, 1990, a further impropriety surfaced. In 1989 the Ontario Labour Relations Board found that Rizzo had shifted a dozen workers from one company to a new one ( Muro Construction Ltd ) following the residential construction industry crisis in order to save their job and keep them working in spite of higher wages as result of joining a different union paying them higher benefits and higher dues. To stop the harassment of Local Union  Rizzo agreed to pay $8,164 to pay dues for a certain period of time for the workers for which dues were paid to Local 586 for the same period of time.  Rae was angered not only by the revelation but also Rizzo's response to the allegation. When confronted by reporters Rizzo had used the f.... word and  the next day he resigned from the NDP caucus to sit as an independent member of the legislature. He said, "There was a settlement. My men were paid twice for their benefits through two unions. There's nothing wrong with that. In business, you have to face these problems once in a while," He went on to say that he expected to be back in the NDP caucus. He said, "In time, you will see I have never done anything wrong." He also accused Liberal rival, Chaviva Hošek, of being behind the accusation. "She was behind it during the campaign. This is a continuation of the campaign... you will see somebody tried to get me. Not only that, but they tried to embarrass the government and they would do the same to any member of this government to try to embarrass the government."

Paragraph 15: The first campus initially was just a single building.  It was a white-stucco covered brick and wood structure located on the southeast corner of present-day Allison-Bonnett Drive and High School Road. It was designed by David O. Whilldin who was chosen as the architect on March 11, 1920.  The construction contract for the original building was awarded to the low bidder, Miller Brothers at a cost of $43,450. That site adjacent to Gilmore-Vines Stadium is now a city park.  The residence for the school's first principal (Mr. Harley F. Gilmore) was directly across Warrior River Road (now Allison-Bonnett Drive) from the school.  That single story wood frame bungalow style house still stands.  Only the flag pole, a few concrete sidewalk remnants that led to the front entrance, and a historic marker erected by the Hueytown Historical Society on July 19, 2009, note the location of the original school.  The school began to grow rapidly and on November 13, 1921, just nine months after opening, the school Trustees, (D. T. Foust, J. B. Thomas, and S. E. Huey) asked the school board to add two to four new classrooms for the already crowded school.  As the years passed and enrollment continued to grow additional classrooms were added to the main building.  Then two white clapboard-sided four-room annex buildings located on either side of the main building were added.  A fire would destroy the second floor science rooms that were over the front central section of the main building in the late 1930s. An auditorium/gymnasium with a theatrical stage was added about 1940.  The front of this building (which faced High School Road) was attached to the back of the original building.  Its exterior entrance had a portico containing three archways.  It was also painted white with a stucco finish.  The basement of that building contained a kitchen and cafeteria.  Additional classrooms were built under the grandstand of the football stadium.  At least one other wooden building (the boys' shop) was erected sometime prior to 1953.  It stood behind the auditorium.  Today, the football stadium grandstand with its six classrooms and an empty one-story red brick building used for classrooms (built in 1949) and a parking lot between them are all that remain on the site. After the high school (only grades 10-12) was re-located to the new Dabbs Avenue campus, the old school building was renamed W. I. Pittman Junior High School (grades 7-9) in honor of a former member of the Jefferson County School Board.  The original school building served in that capacity for another 14 years until mid-1970 when a new Pittman Jr. High was constructed to replace the seriously decaying original building.  By the late 1960s, the two annex buildings and the boys shop building had been demolished.  During the time that the old building served as Pittman Jr. High it had two principals.  The first was Mr. Dwight M. Riley (1958-1968) who himself had graduated from the first class of Hueytown High in 1922.  He was succeeded as principal at Pittman by Mr. Richard H. Farrar Sr. (1968-1970) who served many more years at the "new" Pittman school.   The entire original school was demolished in 1972, two years after the new Junior High campus was completed on Sunrise Boulevard.

Paragraph 16: True Heart, Noble Heart (whom Dark Heart tricked into leaving the family alone while chasing his shadow), John and Dawn partake in a heist to reach and completely destroy Dark Heart inside his lair. After sending Grumpy Bear and other two mates in an attempt to steal a necklace with a key, Dark Heart awakens, revealing his mystical power. Christy soon joins the heist and threatens Dark Heart to bring the bears down. He refuses, and shows Christy the chandelier in which the Family is trapped. After an argument with Christy, Dark Heart warns her that if she saved his life, she should run and save hers, before finally shooting large bolts of red magic into True Heart and Noble Heart. Both confront the evil entity, which transforms again into an aura of red magic. Christy wants a ceasefire and attempts to intervene, only to be killed by one of Dark Heart's bolts of lightning. Christy flicks a marble into a lever holding the chandelier before dying. When the chandelier breaks, the family confronts the antagonist one final time, which soon retaliates by firing bolts of curse to the family yet again. Thinking that he is almost rid of everyone, he looks at Christy, which in her voice, tells him that be it good or bad, he is still a human. Dark Heart flies to her and repents for killing her.

Paragraph 17: Dink Smallwood is an action role-playing video game, developed by Robinson Technologies, at the time consisting of Seth Robinson, Justin Martin, and Greg Smith. It was first released in 1998 before being released as freeware on October 17, 1999. Mitch Brink composed several of the game's music tracks, while others are MIDI forms of classical music, such as Debussy's "Reverie". The game has a small but constant fan following that continues to develop add-ons for the game more than two decades after its release. The game is also notable for its humorous dialogue and surrealistic themes in various scenes between the gameplay.

Paragraph 18: Another notable example of Jakuchū's handscrolls is his work "Compendium of Vegetables and Insects" (Saichufu). The 40-foot scroll is a painting of almost ninety different fruits and vegetables, fifty-some varieties of insects, and other animals. Some of which include: plums, peaches, apples, winter melon, daikon radish, onions, carrots, frogs, salamanders, butterflies, dragonflies, and bumblebees. The painting utilizes pigments and inks on silk with a grey scaled background. The painting is almost muted in color save for the bright oranges, yellows, and reds, and greens in the fruits and vegetables. Jakuchū's knowledge of produce from his family's grocer is evident within his scroll and the details in the said fruits and vegetables. The scroll starts with the depiction of the various fruits and vegetables in seasonal order, then moves to insects and animals with a single butterfly linking the two sides. It is speculated that Jakuchū's inspiration was from the significance of vegetables and fruits in Chinese art. The meaning of this painting may be linked to Jakuchū's link with the Buddhist faith which is also significantly present in another work of Jakuchū's, "Vegetable Parinirvana", parinirvana being defined as "nirvana-after-death, which occurs upon the death of someone who has attained nirvana during his or her lifetime". Jakuchū's portrays a Buddha's death using vegetables. The Buddha is "played" by a daikon radish surrounded by other mourning vegetables. Eggplants, turnips, and mushrooms are some of the ones included in his painting. The painting is supposed to mimic the typical traditional iconography of nirvana images which includes the eight sal trees (stalks of corn), lotus pedestal (woven basket), Queen Maya (quince fruit), and the orientation of the Buddha where his head is facing left (the daikon's leaves). Jakuchū's choice of the daikon radish as the Buddha has to do with the importance of daikon in Zen culture. Takuan Sōhō, an abbot in the Rinzai school of Zen Buddhism, was actually credited for his creation of the yellow pickled daikon radish, named after him. Historians remain unsure of the motivations behind Jakuchū's painting, but his choices in the painting prove to be meaningful and assert that the Buddha spirit is present everywhere even in vegetables. Some theorize it is to commemorate the death of his mother others say it is to commemorate the death of his brother.

Paragraph 19: Haymer Lionel Flieg (January 19, 1920 – November 18, 1989), known professionally as Johnny Haymer, was an American actor known for his role as Staff Sergeant Zelmo Zale, a recurring character in the television series M*A*S*H. He appeared in a 1965 episode of The Cara Williams Show and was an announcer for the game show Your Number's Up hosted by Nipsey Russell; in the mid-1980s he provided his voice for the characters Swindle, Vortex, Highbrow, and Caliburst in The Transformers. He played Walter Pinkerton from 1982 to 1983 on Madame's Place and appeared in the penultimate episode of the original Star Trek series, "All Our Yesterdays".

Paragraph 20: Few Pontic Greeks supported the Megali Idea except for some Greek nationalists such as Nikos Kapetanidis. Very few wanted an independent Pontic state, and few had ambition to join with Greece, even in the early 1900s. The reason for this is unclear. Benny Morris and Dror Ze'evi give three theories on why most Pontic Greeks distanced themselves from nationalism and separatism: poorly developed political consciousness, tradition of submissiveness to Islamic hegemony, or fears of massacres and economic harm. More generally, Greek nationalism in Asia Minor mostly appealed to "the most enlightened and liberal", to the medical, legal and literary professionals and to the rising middle class. It was opposed, however, by the "ancient [Greek] nobility, the superior clergy, the lay dignitaries of the church and the wealthy merchants". There are also some Turkish-speaking Pontic Greeks, living in the Greek region of Western Macedonia, specifically in Metamorfosi, Kozani. These Pontians follow the Greek Orthodox Church and profess a strong Greek identity. After the Greek-Turkish population exchange in 1923, even though the state never considered them a "national threat", many of these Pontians saw their language as a "cultural flaw" and desired to get rid of it. Historian and psychologist Stavros Iason Gavriilidis states that this was a result of the trauma they faced from the Greek genocide.

Paragraph 21: In sociolinguistics, language planning (also known as language engineering) is a deliberate effort to influence the function, structure or acquisition of languages or language varieties within a speech community. Robert L. Cooper (1989) defines language planning as "the activity of preparing a normative orthography, grammar, and dictionary for the guidance of writers and speakers in a non-homogeneous speech community" (p. 8). Along with language ideology and language practices, language planning is part of language policya typology drawn from Bernard Spolsky's theory of language policy. According to Spolsky, language management is a more precise term than language planning. Language management is defined as "the explicit and observable effort by someone or some group that has or claims authority over the participants in the domain to modify their practices or beliefs" (p. 4)  Language planning is often associated with government planning, but is also used by a variety of non-governmental organizations such as grass-roots organizations as well as individuals. Goals of such planning vary. Better communication through assimilation of a single dominant language can bring economic benefits to minorities but is also perceived to facilitate their political domination. It involves the establishment of language regulators, such as formal or informal agencies, committees, societies or academies to design or develop new structures to meet contemporary needs.

Paragraph 22: The bawu is a free-reed aerophone with a cylindrical bore, made of a tube of bamboo closed off at one end by a natural node. Near the closed end, a small square hole is cut and a thin reed of bronze or copper is fastened, with a low plastic or bone mouthpiece around it. This reed is essentially a very thin sheet of metal with a long and narrow isosceles triangle cut into it, which is bent slightly outwards at rest. When the instrument is blown, this thin triangle moves back and forth rapidly through the space left in the metal sheet from which it was cut, like a swinging door. This vibration sets the air column in the instrument in rapid periodic motion, creating sound. The mouth does not contact the reed. Seven or eight finger-holes are positioned 90 degrees out of line with the reed, though this is adjustable in the common two-piece instruments provided with a metal tenon. The bawu typically has a range of an eleventh: on an instrument in "G" (according to Chinese custom the note with three upper finger holes down) this range is from B to E. The range is often misreported as a ninth, omitting two underblown notes. Instruments with mechanical keys are available (usually not in natural bamboo whose irregular shape would complicate construction), which expands the range upwards, or upwards and downwards a few notes. For a diatonic scale, the lower two notes are in the fundamental mode of the reed, and the rest of the range is overblown, exciting the vibratory mode of the resonating pipe. The lowest scale degree, and the lowest overblown note are a minor third apart and fingered the same way; this unusually narrow overblowing behavior suggests the instrument has some irregular overtones outside of the standard harmonic series.

Paragraph 23: Elizabeth's roommate, suspicious of Ed from the start, warns Elizabeth repeatedly, but Elizabeth is too enamored with Ed to listen. Her roommate finally tells Elizabeth that Ed is manipulating her, setting up circumstances to make himself seem perfect for her: "That's not love... that's rape." The roommate's father had also expressed concern to the point he hired a detective agency to do a background check on Ed Hamner, where it was revealed that he had attended the same elementary school in Connecticut she did, but moved away after first grade as his father was a compulsive gambler who moved to San Jose to flee debt collectors from the Mafia. The father saw use of Ed's gift to reverse his fortunes at gambling, soon becoming a big winner, then later using his son's ability to invest in the stock market. Ed's mother, a religious woman, had been committed due to her repeated ramblings she had given birth to the devil. The background check also shows that Ed was never enrolled in courses at their college, and thus could not have had the professor from Elizabeth's sociology course the previous term. Nor does it show any employment records at the theatre he claims to have worked, and the sports car he owned could not have been afforded even if he spent his yearly salary. The roommate reveals that Ed Hamner Sr. died in an accident along with his wife in a manner similar to Tony's death; they had been out picknicking when their car careened over a cliff. As Ed Hamner Jr. was the sole suriviving member of the family, he inherited his father's stock portfolio of well over $1 million. Only gradually do the warnings take hold; Elizabeth finally locates a diary Ed has kept, documenting how he has been secretly craving Elizabeth's love since childhood, and has employed a variety of black magic rituals and charms to murder her aggressive boyfriend and manipulate her emotions. She finds how his residence is akin to a Potemkin village, where his bedroom is a mess, reflecting his unkempt personal appearance, whereas the front is well kept, likely to impress Elizabeth and other guests. She finds voodoo dolls of his parents, as well as herself. Other items she finds are an answer key with "BETH" written in grease pencil on it, and a toy model of a Fiat. She is then confronted by Ed, who calls her an "ungrateful bitch", to which Elizabeth accuses Ed of murdering Tony. Ed fully admits to using his powers to eliminate Tony, defending himself by saying he did it for her; to save her from an unhappy marriage.

Paragraph 24: On 24 October 2018, Ortiz's manager Jay Jimenez announced that a deal had been reached for Ortiz to fight American boxer Travis Kauffman (32–2) on the Deontay Wilder vs. Tyson Fury Showtime PPV card on 1 December at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The fight, along with the rest of the card was finalized on 9 November. Before the fight was announced, Ortiz and Dillian Whyte called each other out. Ortiz offered Whyte a fight on the 1 December card and Whyte offered Ortiz a chance to fight him on 22 December in London. Ortiz accepted Whyte's offer, however promoter Eddie Hearn stated Dillian Whyte vs. Derek Chisora made more sense in the UK. In the build up to his fight against Ortiz, Kauffman questioned Ortiz's wins on his resume after multiple failed drug tests. At the same time, he also praised Ortiz's boxing skills. Ortiz stepped on the scales at 241 pounds and Kauffman weighed 229 pounds. For the fight, Ortiz was guaranteed $375,000 compared to Kauffman's $125,000 purse. On fight night, Ortiz dropped Kauffman three times before winning the fight via TKO in the final round. The official time of stoppage was 1 minute and 58 seconds of round 10. Ortiz dominated every round leading to the stoppage, however Kauffman was always standing in front of him and showed a good chin and heart, even switching to the southpaw stance, where he had some success. Ortiz was twice warned for low blows. In round 6, Ortiz landed an overhand left which dropped Kauffman to the canvas. Ortiz, believing he won, stood on the top ropes and did his signature chest pounding. Kauffman beat the count and finished the round. Another overhand left, this time to Kauffman's jaw, dropped him for a second time in the first minute of round 8. Kauffman slowly got up and again beat the count and saw out the remainder of the round. In the first minute of round 10, Ortiz landed another overhand left, dropping Kauffman a third time. After Kauffman beat the count, Ortiz piled on the pressure with numerous power shots, mostly unanswered, forcing referee Thomas Taylor to step in and stop the fight. Ortiz landed 135 punches in comparison to the 37 punches landed by Kauffman. Ortiz landed 69 power punches in total. After the fight, Ortiz stated he was looking for fight Wilder. British boxer Joe Joyce, who also boxed on the card, called out Ortiz. Ortiz later accepted, stating he does not turn down a challenge.

Paragraph 25: Clan Mackay ( ;  ) is an ancient and once-powerful Highland Scottish clan from the far North of the Scottish Highlands, but with roots in the old Kingdom of Moray. They supported Robert the Bruce during the Wars of Scottish Independence in the 14th century. In the centuries that followed they were anti-Jacobite. The territory of the Clan Mackay consisted of the parishes of Farr, Tongue, Durness and Eddrachillis, and was known as Strathnaver, in the north-west of the county of Sutherland. However, it was not until 1829 that Strathnaver was considered part of Sutherland when the chief sold his lands to the Earls of Sutherland and the Highland Clearances then had dire consequences for the clan. In the 17th century the Mackay chief's territory had extended to the east to include the parish of Reay in the west of the neighbouring county of Caithness. The chief of the clan is Lord Reay and the lands of Strathnaver later became known as the Reay Country.

Paragraph 26: The second match was the first-ever Tag Team Tables match, between the Hardy Boyz (Matt Hardy and Jeff Hardy) and the Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray Dudley and D-Von Dudley). Before the match, the Dudley Boyz set up their heel status and insulted the fans (which ironically, the Dudley Boyz are both from New York City), expressing their dislike for the booing of John Rocker, the Atlanta Braves closer, which had defeated the hometown New York Mets 4-2 in the National League Championship Series two months earlier and trashed New York City and its people in what was a heated second-round playoff series. This Tables match was different in that instead of one person having to go through a table to win the match, both members from the same team had to go through a table. The Hardy Boyz gained the advantage with a double superplex to Bubba Ray, and the use of a ladder. After using the chair, Matt placed Bubba Ray on a table outside the ring. Matt then performed a diving leg drop as Jeff performed a diving splash (known as the Event Omega) on Bubba Ray through the table. The Hardy Boyz then placed D-Von on a table outside the ring. Matt attempted a diving leg drop through the table, but D-Von avoided it. Jeff then attempted a suicide senton, but missed, sending himself into a table. Bubba Ray performed a superbomb through a table on Matt. The Dudley Boyz then beat down the Hardy Boyz, and stacked tables in the entrance way under a balcony in the seating area. Bubba Ray dragged Jeff to the balcony, but Jeff performed a low blow, and used a chair on Bubba Ray. Matt moved as Bubba Ray fell through the tables. Matt then placed D-Von onto a table, and Jeff sent him through it with a Swanton Bomb from the balcony for the Hardy Boyz to win the match, which ultimately turned out to be a violent and brutal affair- it featured no less than twelve total steel chair shots to the head, including four to Bubba Ray Dudley.

Paragraph 27: Due to the show's cancellation, many storylines were abandoned. In season 3, Curt would have moved to Florida and begun working on a cure for Electro and a planned DVD Spring Break movie would have also been set in Florida between season 2 and 3, with movies between seasons 3 and 4, and between seasons 4 and 5 to follow. Scorpion, Hydro-Man, and Hobgoblin were confirmed to be major villains for season 3, in addition to Carnage, Mister Negative and Morbius, the Living Vampire. Emily Osborn was also planned to appear as a major supporting character in the third season after making non-speaking cameo appearances throughout season 2, with Marina Sirtis intended to be cast in the role, after previously collaborating with Greg Weisman on the series Gargoyles (1994–97). Weisman also indicated that the creative team had long-term plans regarding the introduction of Miles Warren, a character who eventually becomes the Jackal in the comics, as well as Stan Carter and Jean DeWolff, who are both pivotal to the origin of the former becoming the vigilante Sin-Eater. There were also plans to eventually seed more elements of the Spider-Man mythos from the comics in the show beyond season 2, including the introduction of the Spider-Mobile and Spider-tracers, as well as a future episode exploring how Peter developed his web-shooters. Season 3 was also meant to introduce a new storyline involving Eddie Brock being placed in the Ravencroft Institute, as well as reveal that the gene cleanser Peter used on the Venom symbiote in season 2 didn't actually affect it. Weisman also expressed his wish to use other characters from the wider Marvel Universe that weren't solely associated with Spider-Man as the series had done up to that point, such as Beast, Cyclops, Professor X, Captain America, the Hulk, and Johnny Storm. Weisman elaborated by stating he hoped the introduction of said characters into the continuity of The Spectacular Spider-Man would've eventually resulted in spin-off shows focusing on the superhero teams these characters are associated with, the X-Men, Avengers and Fantastic Four, respectively. Furthermore, plans for a musical-themed episode and an episode adapting issue #8 of The Amazing Spider-Man, involving an after-school boxing match between Peter and Flash Thompson, were also abandoned. 

Paragraph 28: As seen above Zhu Quanzhong arrived at Bian more than three months after his appointment. The delay probably was related to various duties assigned to him in between, but may also have been due to bargaining over how many men of his own men he was to be allowed to bring with him to his new command. When he surrendered, Zhu brought with him an army of several thousand men, but by the time he left for Bianzhou this army must have been largely dispersed or absorbed into the imperial armies, for he brought with him to Bian only a few hundred men including a core of at least eighty military retainers. These retainers would provide crucial leadership in his early years at Bian. The majority of them had probably served with Zhu under Huang Chao, but some, such as Pang Shigu (), were new recruits. To the Xuanwu command belonged one of the strongest armies in the region and Zhu now set about making sure that this army become loyal to him personally. The army consisted of two sections: the governor's guard and the main field force, the former acting as the governor's bodyguards. Zhu appointed several of his military retainers as guards officers, such as Ding Hui who was made administrator, and Hu Zhen () who was made a commander. Zhu Quanzhong's eldest son, Zhu Youyu () was also made an officer, though at this time he was yet a boy. The most important of these appointments was Zhu Zhen (), who was given special responsibility for selection, training and reorganization. Zhu Quanzhong did retain the hereditary officers in the guards and main army, but the reorganizations and preparations for war against Huang Chao had been entrusted to his own men. The Xuanwu army consisted largely of infantry. Having seen the effectiveness of the Shatou Turks' tribal cavalry during the recapture of Chang'an, Zhu ordered the formation of his own cavalry units. Command of the initial force was entrusted his military retainer Pang. Later as new units were formed, officers were both selected from men who had come with Zhu or recruited locally.

Paragraph 29: The bridge contains five lanes: two eastbound, two westbound, and a reversible middle lane with a barrier transfer machine system installed in 1993 which can be used to create a reversible lane in either direction in response to traffic volume. Prior to installation of the barrier, moveable cones were used to separate eastbound/westbound traffic. On December 7, 1981, Coronado resident Hal Willis was westbound when a drunk driver traveling eastbound at high speeds drove through the cones, hit him head on and caused his death. This incident began the process of implementing the barrier solution. The eastern end of the bridge connects directly to a T interchange with Interstate 5, just southeast of downtown San Diego. It is designated and signed as part of California State Highway 75. The bridge was designed entirely and exclusively for motor vehicle traffic; there are no pedestrian walkways, bike paths, or shoulders ("breakdown lanes"). Once a year beginning in 1986, a lane is opened to pedestrians for the Navy Bay Bridge Run/Walk, a fundraiser sponsored by and benefiting the Navy Morale, Welfare, and Recreation program. Beginning in 2008, cyclists have the once-a-year opportunity to ride over the bridge in the Bike the Bay "fun ride".

Paragraph 30: The political history of the Eupatridae is a gradual curtailment of privilege. They were at the height of their power in the period during the limitation of the monarchy. They alone held the two offices, those of polemarch and archon, which were instituted during the 8th century BC to restrict the powers of the kings. In 712 BC the office of the king was itself thrown open to all Eupatrids. Thus, they had the entire administration control and were the sole dispensers of justice in the state. At this later privilege, which perhaps formed the strongest bulwark of the authority of the Eupatridae, a severe blow was struck (c. 621 BC) by the publication of a criminal code by Draco, which was followed by the more detailed and permanent code of Solon (c. 594 BC), who further threw open the highest offices to any citizen possessed of a certain amount of landed property, thus putting the claims of the Eupatridae to political influence on a level with those of the wealthier citizens of all classes. The most highly coveted office at this time was not that of basileus, which, like that of the rex sacrorum in Rome, had been stripped of all save its religious authority, but that of the archon; soon after the legislation of Solon repeated struggles for this office between the Eupatridae and leading members of the other two classes resulted in a temporary change. Ten archons were appointed, five of whom were to be Eupatridae, three Agroeci (i.e. Geomori), and two Demiurgi (Aristotle, Ath. Pol. xiii.2). This arrangement, though short-lived, is significant of the decay of the political influence of the Eupatridae, and it is not likely that they recovered, even in practice, any real control of the government. By the middle of the 6th century BC, the political influence of birth was at an end.