Paragraph 1: Depending on which segment of Islamic societies are referred to, the application of aniconism is characterized with noteworthy differences. Factors are the epoch considered, the country, the religious orientation, the political intent, the popular beliefs, the private benefit or the dichotomy between reality and discourse. Today, the concept of an aniconic Islam coexists with a daily life for Muslims awash with images. TV stations and newspapers (which do present still and moving representations of living beings) have an exceptional impact on public opinion, sometimes, as in the case of Al Jazeera, with a global reach, beyond the Arabic-speaking and Muslim audience. Portraits of secular and religious leaders are omnipresent on banknotes and coins, in streets and offices (e.g.: presidents like Nasser and Mubarak, Arafat, Al-Asad or Hezbollah's Nasrallah and ayatollah Khomeini). Anthropomorphic statues in public places are to be found in most Muslim countries  (Saddam Hussain's are infamous), as well as arts schools training sculptors and painters.  In the Egyptian countryside, it is fashionable to celebrate and advertise the returning of pilgrims from Mekka on the walls of their houses. Sometimes those who profess aniconism will practice figurative representation (cf. portraits of Talibans from the Kandahar photographic studios during their imposed ban on photography). For Shi'a communities, portraits of the major figures of Shi'ite history are important elements of religious devotion. Portraits of 'Ali – with veiled and unveiled face alike – can be bought in Iran around shrines and in the streets, to be hung in homes or carried with oneself, while in Pakistan, India and Bangladesh they notoriously ornate trucks, buses and rickshas. Contrary to the Sunni tradition, a photographic picture of the deceased can be placed on the Shi'ite tombs. A curiosity in Iran is an Orientalist photography supposed to represent Prophet Muhammad as a young boy. The Grand Ayatollah Sistani of Najaf in Iraq has given a fatwa declaring the depiction of Muhammad, the Prophets and other holy characters, permissible if it is made with the utmost respect.

Paragraph 2: The Testament of Dr. Mabuse (), also called The Last Will of Dr. Mabuse, is a 1933 German crime-thriller film directed by Fritz Lang. The movie is a sequel to Lang's silent film Dr. Mabuse the Gambler (1922) and features many cast and crew members from Lang's previous films. Dr. Mabuse (Rudolf Klein-Rogge) is in an insane asylum where he is found frantically writing his crime plans. When Mabuse's criminal plans begin to be implemented, Inspector Lohmann (Otto Wernicke) tries to find the solution with clues from gangster Thomas Kent (Gustav Diessl), the institutionalized Hofmeister (Karl Meixner) and Professor Baum (Oscar Beregi Sr.) who becomes obsessed with Dr. Mabuse.

Paragraph 3: On arrival in Thailand, Dr. Maung and her friends stopped at Mae La, opposite Be Claw refugee camp in Tha Song Yars district. Here Maung worked at a small hospital treating those fleeing the fighting. There was a lot of confusion as thousands of people tried to find their friends and families. There were many people with many different political ideas, and illnesses such as malaria were rife. Later, Maung moved to Hway Ka Loke refugee camp and it was while she was here that she made contact with Karen leaders responsible for student affairs and with local Thai authorities and church groups who were sympathetic to the plight of these people. Together, they tried to set up some systems to lessen the confusion and to bring a little order to the situation in the area. In November 1988, Maung moved to Mae Sot. She wanted to set up a centre for students needing somewhere to stay or requiring referral for further medical care. Mae Sot had a hospital where this could be done and from this time the Clinic began to develop a referral system with the local hospital which continues today. In February 1989, she was offered a dilapidated building with bare dirt floors on the outskirts of Mae Sot. Here, Dr. Cynthia went to work. Her makeshift clinic had few supplies and money. She improvised by sterilizing her few instruments in a rice cooker and solicited medicine and food from Catholic relief workers working in the area. She and her companions lived simply and worked hard to treat the increasing number of patients coming to the clinic with malaria, respiratory disease and diarrhea as well as gunshot wounds and land mine injuries. Malaria cases are still one of the most common diseases treated by the Mae Tao Clinic. As the years have passed, the type of patient attending the clinic has also changed. In the beginning, it was mainly students and young people escaping the fighting. Gradually, migrant workers began to come to the area in an effort to find work and money for their families at home. As time passed, their wives and families joined them. Today, there are also many children and adolescents who are dropping out of school and need a place of safety. As the population changes, so do the medical needs of those that the clinic serves. Today, one of the highest patient loads is in Reproductive Health and associated areas. Each year, over 2,700 babies are delivered at the clinic. The clinic's facilities and activities continue to grow. Currently, between 400 - 500 people on average come to the clinic each day, and there is a staff of about 700 providing comprehensive health services and child protection services. Total caseload exceeds 115,000 cases annually with a client number of over 75,000 per year.

Paragraph 4: In 500,000 BC, long after the agents and Lords of Chaos and Order from Darkworld established themselves as a pantheon existing within Atlantis, demigods Arion and Garn Daanuth were born to Calculha and Dark Majistra, agents of order and chaos respectively. The pair would later create the Zodiac Crystals, powerful objects patterened after the zodiac signs in which directed and amplified the magic on Earth. With the pair suffering martial problems due to their conflicting divine natures and their children prophesied to eternally battle for the fate of Atlantis and end the Ice Age (caused by their family feud). Arion and Garn would eventually fulfill the prophecy thousands of years later around 45,000BC with Arion recognized as Atlantis's savior when he ended the Ice Age with his sorcerous powers. Despite this, Arion was unable to ultimately save his iteration of Atlantis as its king in his later years, his city eventually suffering a decline due to a combination of events: the waning magic on Earth, Garn's alliance with the immortal Vandal Savage creating the proto-Illuminati, and its actual destruction by the Lord of Chaos and God of Evil, Chaon. Although the homo magi kingdom in which Arion ruled was destroyed, contrary to his belief, other remnants of Atlantis survived.

Paragraph 5: A subsequent rebuilding saw the timber palisades of the inner bailey replaced by stone walls and towers. Exactly when this happened is unclear, but it may have been under Peter of Savoy, the Earl of Richmond, who was granted the castle by Henry III in 1246. There is no record of the rebuilding but in 1254 Peter ended the feudal requirement to maintain the palisades and replaced it with cash payments. This probably reflected the replacement of the palisades with the stone walls and towers visible today. The castle faced a lengthy siege only a decade later during the Second Barons' War from the rebel baron Simon de Montfort, following Henry's defeat in the Battle of Lewes. Defeated members of the royalist army fled to Pevensey, pursued by de Montford's forces, but the garrison refused an invitation to surrender and endured over a year of besiegement. Their adversaries were unable to stop supplies reaching the castle despite digging a ditch to cut it off from the mainland; its garrison raided the surrounding countryside and sought to obtain fresh supplies of men and weapons by sea in December 1264. The costly and ineffective siege was eventually lifted in July 1265. We know the name of at least one of the defenders of the castle from Savoyard archives held in Turin, that of Nantelme de Cholay, a vassal of Peter of Savoy as Seigneur de Faucigny from what is now Choulex near Geneva. We know that Cholay had allies with him since the source quotes also his “sociorum” which we can translate as allies or associates. The siege caused significant damage to the castle, with the Roman wall toppled on the south side. The parish churches at Pevensey and Westham also suffered damage, which the attackers may have caused in using them as siege castles (temporary fortresses and artillery platforms).

Paragraph 6: When the Women's National Basketball Association started with eight expansion teams in 1997, Chancellor had applied for six of the teams with doubt that he would be hired. However, he was hired by the Comets (as owned by Leslie Alexander, part of the plan for certain teams to be operated by NBA owners), to coach the team, and he believed that the team would be special from the very get go due to the talents of Cynthia Cooper (who had led USA to a gold medal in the 1988 Olympics and silver in 1992 while playing in European leagues) in practice. Houston was bolstered by fellow player allocation Sheryl Swoopes (who had led Texas Tech to the 1993 NCAA title) and WNBA draft pick Tina Thompson to make a Big Three trio, all of whom would be inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. The 1997 season did not go without hitches, as Thompson and Cooper wanted less rigid patterns from Chancellor when it came to offensive sets, which they responded by setting ball screens on the perimeter; Swoopes did not play until the second half of the season due to her pregnancy. They won four of their first seven games before closing out the season on a 14-7 run to finish 18-10, the best record of the eight teams; in the four-team playoff, they won both games (including a 65-51 victory over the New York Liberty, who had beaten Houston three out of four times in the regular season) to win the inaugural WNBA championship. To build chemistry, he set up a three-player committee composed of a young player, a mid-level player, and an older player. Chancellor cited the help of NBA coach Rudy Tomjanovich in asserting the importance of training camp and the nature of motivating college players.

Paragraph 7: The 2016 ZX-10R received a major update. With a claimed 197 hp with ram-air intake at 13,000 rpm. The electronics now use a Bosch five-axis Internal Measurement Unit (IMU). A sixth degree is calculated by proprietary Kawasaki software. The S-KTRC updated with an added launch control mode, a quickshifter, and engine brake control. Also, optional smarter KIBS cornering ABS. Because of its predictive as opposed to reactive nature, Kawasaki touts this system of S-KTRC as the most advanced of all current traction control systems. Some of the changes mechanically that are now lighter are the slipper clutch, balancer, crankshaft as well as pistons. A less restrictive air filter and larger air box as well as a lighter less restrictive exhaust system. A new transmission that is cassette style is vertically stacked. The previous petal rotors that have been in use since 2004 are now replaced with circular rotors. They are now also larger from  to now . The calipers are now Brembo M50 Monoblock and the master cylinder is a radial Brembo. The brake lines are now braided stainless-steel. A first for production sport bikes a 43 mm Showa Balance Free Fork derived from WSBK. Kawasaki also offers Race Kit parts for chassis and engine.

Paragraph 8: The project had been delayed after a zoning bylaw proposed by mayor Jacques Tétreault that would effectively have given the Carrefour Laval consortium a monopoly over the development of the proposed downtown core of Laval was challenged by the opposition and by members of his own party, who supported the construction of a second mall in the immediate vicinity by the Oshawa Group. A zoning amendment proposed by opposition councillor Lucien Paiement (later mayor), which allowed the Oshawa Group to build its own mall was adopted. By then, Morgan's and Simpson's had joined the Carrefour Laval consortium. However, Morgan's dropped out, preferring instead to anchor an expansion of the existing Centre Laval, just  away on the other side of Expressway 15.

Paragraph 9: Garrett Floyd debuted in 2006 as Mayor of Port Charles. Even though he was mayor of the town for 5 years, he is not liked by most people in Port Charles. It was revealed in June 2009 he has a wife named Andrea Floyd, whom he often cheated on with several different mistresses. On June 10, 2009 Patrick Drake, Robin Scorpio-Drake, and Olivia Falconeri walked into a room at the Metro Court Hotel to find Brianna Hughes, lying unconscious on the bed with Garrett. It was revealed she was his mistress. Garrett told the trio she bumped her head while they were having sexual relations in the shower. Brianna was taken to General Hospital. Days later, she died in surgery. Robin, Patrick, Damian Spinelli, Maxie Jones, and Sam McCall then set out to investigate the true cause of her death. Patrick and Robin had their suspicions Brianna had actually been murdered by Garrett in an attempt to cover up their affair. Garret quickly became a suspect in her murder. However, as the clues piled in and his alibi checked out, Garrett was cleared and a new suspect emerged – Alexis Davis. During the murder investigation, it was revealed Garrett and Alexis had a secret and adulterous one night stand in the summer of 2006. News of the scandal had an adverse reaction on Alexis' two youngest daughters, Kristina Corinthos-Davis and Molly Lansing-Davis who did not like how their mother was being portrayed in the media. News of their affair also brought the jealous wrath of Garret's wife Andrea down on Alexis' head. Andrea, who was later revealed to be the true murderer. She began to frame Alexis for the murder, painting her as a jealous ex-lover who wanted to eliminate the competition. Andrea stalked and taunted Alexis. They got into several confrontations. When Andrea herself became a suspect in the murder, she planted fake evidence in Alexis' home and even poisoned Edward Quartermaine to keep him quiet about the murder. Later that day, in an ironic twist, Edward suffered a heart attack due to the poisoning, which caused him to lose control of his car and run down Andrea down at a carnival. She later died at General Hospital and her role as Brianna's murderer was revealed to all, clearing Alexis. In the summer of 2011, Garret oversaw the graduation ceremony of students graduating from Madison Preparatory School. When Michael Corinthos got into a fight with another student Bryce who was taunting Michael's younger sister, Kristina, Garrett banned both Michael and Bryce from the graduation ceremony and refused to hand over their diplomas. However, after the ceremony, Garrett was strong-armed by Michael's father Sonny Corinthos. He eventually handed over Michael's diploma to Sonny, who awarded his son with his diploma at Michael and Kristina's graduation party. On December 6, 2011, Garrett comes into Jake's with Diane Miller, saying he has resigned from being mayor and is now the owner and editor-in-chief of the local newspaper, the Port Charles Press, formerly the Port Charles Herald. He also says he is going by his middle name, Prescott, or Pres for short because Garret Floyd is attached to scandals he had as mayor.

Paragraph 10: The College of Europe () is a post-graduate institute of European studies with its main campus in Bruges, Belgium and a second campus in Warsaw, Poland. The College of Europe in Bruges was founded in 1949 by leading historical European figures and founding fathers of the European Union, including Salvador de Madariaga, Winston Churchill, Paul-Henri Spaak and Alcide De Gasperi as one of the results of the 1948 Congress of Europe in The Hague to promote "a spirit of solidarity and mutual understanding between all the nations of Western Europe and to provide elite training to individuals who will uphold these values" and "to train an elite of young executives for Europe". It has the status of Institution of Public Interest, operating according to Belgian law. The second campus in Natolin (Warsaw), Poland opened in 1992. The College of Europe is historically linked to the establishment of the European Union and its predecessors, and to the creation of the European Movement International, of which the college is a supporting member. Federica Mogherini, former High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, was appointed as the Rector to start in September 2020; former President of the European Council Herman, Count Van Rompuy is chairman of the board.

Paragraph 11: Watkins was born on May 15, 1932, on a farm near McKellar, Ontario; one of six children born to Wilmot and Sadie Watkins. At the age of 16, he and his twin brother, Murray, enrolled at the University of Toronto where among his lecturers was  Harold Innis, whose staples thesis became a lifelong influence on his thinking. He pursued graduate work as a classical economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He became a professor of economics at the University of Toronto in 1958 and, in 1963, published an academic article, "A Staple Theory of Economic Growth”, which revised and updated Innis's staples thesis and was influential in the growing Canadian economic nationalist movement and also brought him to the attention of Canadian finance minister Walter L. Gordon.

Paragraph 12: Dr. Marius Nygaard Smith-Petersen was the son of Morten Smith-Petersen and Kaia Jensine Rosalie Ursin, he was born on November 14, 1886 in the coastal town of Grimstad in Aust-Agder County, Norway.  He died the 16th of June, 1953 in Boston, Massachusetts, at the age of 65, he died suddenly of a heart disorder, shortly after performing a successful hip replacement operation on one of his most famous patients, television, talk-show host, Arthur Godfrey. For many generations the Smith-Petersens were a prominent mercantile family in the cities of eastern Norway.  His paternal, grandfather Morten Smith-Petersen (1817-1872) owned and operated a shipbuilding company where he built a great fleet of merchant sailing vessels from his shipyard known as Hasseldalen in Grimstad, Norway.  Morten was also a member of Stortinget (Norwegian Parliament) and was known as a principal supporter of free trade and the establishment of "Norwegian Veritas". Marius' paternal grandmother was Katrinka von der Lippe (1824-1890) she was the daughter of Bishop Jacob von der Lippe, a member of Norwegian Parliament and the Bishop of  Kristiansand, Norway. Maruis' father, also named Morten Smith-Petersen was considered a brilliant young lawyer with great promise, who in 1888 he died suddenly of pneumonia, when Marius was only two years old. His mother, Kaia was an accomplished violinist, trained by her father, Frederik Ursin a conductor and prominent violinist of Christiania, now Oslo, Norway. Kaia was playing trios with her father, and composer, pianist Edvard Grieg at the age of twelve. After the death of her husband Kaia moved from Grimstad to Oslo, Norway with her four sons, of whom Marius was the youngest.  In 1903 at the age of sixteen, Marius and his mother, Kaia immigrated to the U.S. and settled in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. There he attended and was graduated from West Side High School in 1906. He then matriculated at the University of Chicago for one year, then transferred and graduated from the University of Wisconsin, receiving a B.S. in 1910. He worked as a laboratory assistant to Nobel Prize winner (1944) physiologist, Dr. Joseph Erlanger while attending the Medical School at the University of Wisconsin.  Marius Smith-Petersen then transferred to Harvard Medical School in Cambridge, Massachusetts earning his degree in 1914. His general surgical internship was served at the Peter Bent Brigham Hospital in Boston, MA under the pioneering neurosurgeon, Harvey Williams Cushing, M.D. The knowledge, skills and techniques he acquired from this association had a profound influence on his surgical career.  He served in France during World War I with the First Harvard Medical Unit at the American Ambulance Hospital in Paris, France. His Orthopaedic foundation was laid under Dr. E. G. Brackett at the Massachusetts General Hospital. Dr. Smith-Petersen often called Mads by his friends went into private practice in Boston, Massachusetts in 1923. He served as Assistant Instructor in Orthopaedic Surgery at Harvard Medical School from 1920-1930, as Instructor in Orthopaedic Surgery at Harvard Medical School from 1930–1946, as Clinical Professor of Orthopaedic Surgery at Harvard Medical School from 1935-1946 and as Chief of Orthopaedic Service at Massachusetts General Hospital from 1929-1946 and as consultant to The Surgeon General from 1942-1945. He was internationally known for the development of the Smith-Petersen nail and hip nailing techniques and for hip-mold arthroplasty.  He was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav by the King of Norway. He was a brilliant surgeon and a gifted professor. He married Hilda Whitney Dickinson daughter of Charles P. Dickinson and Susan Cushing of Lunenburg, Massachusetts, they had four children and resided in Newton, Massachusetts.

Paragraph 13: Justice McIntyre and L'Heureux-Dube were of this opinion: the test for negligence is that of the objective test. The justices were unable to see any difference in principle between cases arising from an omission to act and those involving acts of commission. In fact, s. 219 states that one is criminally negligent who, in doing anything or omitting to do anything that it is his duty to do, shows wanton or reckless disregard... The objective tests focuses on the conduct of the accused, as opposed to his intention or mental state. What is punished, in other words, is not the state of mind, but the consequences of mindless action. The use of the word “reckless” in the context of s. 219 does not employ its meaning of the extended definition of intention or malice, but rather employs the term as part of a definition of conduct which amounts to “negligence” in a criminal context. In other words, the word “reckless” in s. 219 does not call for the use of subjective Mens Rea when determining negligence. If the distinction is not kept up, the dividing line between traditional Mens Rea offences and the offence of criminal negligence will become blurred. Having said that, the Justices emphasized that the application of the objective test in s. 219 cannot be made in a vacuum. Events occur within the framework of other events and actions and, when deciding on the nature of the questioned conduct, surrounding circumstances must be considered. The decision must be made on a consideration of the facts existing at the time and in relation to the accused's perception of those facts. Since the test is objective, the accused's perception of the facts is not to be considered for the purpose of assessing malice or intention, but only to form a basis for a conclusion as to whether or not the accused's conduct, in view of his perception of the facts, was reasonable. In other words, it is no defense to say, on the subjective level, “I was being careful” or “I believed I could do what I did without undue risk”. The defense arises only if that belief was reasonably held. This is particularly true where, as here, the accused has raised the defense of mistake of fact. In the case of Pappajohn, it was held that the honest belief of a fact need not be reasonable, because its effect would be to deny the existence of the requisite Mens Rea. The situation is different, however, where the offence charged rests upon the concept of negligence. In such a case, an unreasonable, though honest, belief on the part of the accused would be negligently held.

Paragraph 14: Under earth conditions, the effect of gravity causing natural convection in a system with a temperature gradient along a fluid/fluid interface is usually much stronger than the Marangoni effect. Many experiments (ESA MASER 1-3) have been conducted under microgravity conditions aboard sounding rockets to observe the Marangoni effect without the influence of gravity. Research on heat pipes performed on the International Space Station revealed that whilst heat pipes exposed to a temperature gradient on Earth cause the inner fluid to evaporate at one end and migrate along the pipe, thus drying the hot end, in space (where the effects of gravity can be ignored) the opposite happens and the hot end of the pipe is flooded with liquid. This is due to the Marangoni effect, together with capillary action. The fluid is drawn to the hot end of the tube by capillary action. But the bulk of the liquid still ends up as a droplet a short distance away from the hottest part of the tube, explained by Marangoni flow. The temperature gradients in axial and radial directions makes the fluid flow away from the hot end and the walls of the tube, towards the center axis. The liquid forms a droplet with a small contact area with the tube walls, a thin film circulating liquid between the cooler droplet and the liquid at the hot end.

Paragraph 15: Moon founded The Washington Times in Washington D.C. as a part of his international media conglomerate News World Communications in the same year Inchon was released. According to The Times''' rival The Washington Post, a full-length two and a half page version of a film review of Inchon written by critic Scott Sublett that was originally planned for the September 16, 1982 issue of The Times was killed by the newspaper's publisher and editor James R. Whelan. Whelan told Sublett that The Times had a conflict of interest with regard to reviewing Inchon, and would not print his review. Instead, The Times printed a one-paragraph critical synopsis of the film, also written by Sublett, which said in full: "Puerile dialogue, perfunctory acting and haphazard construction doom from the start this visually impressive would-be epic about love and dead Reds in wartime Korea. Olivier (in a performance that is the nadir of his career) joshes, minces and rolls his eyes absurdly as Doug MacArthur. The script, by Robin Moore, is pure twaddle – a cross between South Pacific and The Green Berets." Moore is the author of the novel The Green Berets, upon which the 1968 movie was based. On September 21, The Washington Times printed The New York Times′ review of the film. Reviewers Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert selected the film as one of the worst of the year in a 1982 episode of their program Sneak Previews.

Paragraph 16: The medical missionary work in this sensitive border town was started in the year 1894 by the Presbyterian Church of United States. Rev. Janvier Newton and his wife Mrs. Frances on whom the hospital is named arrived in Firozpur in the year 1877. The same year i.e. 1877 Rev. Janvier had to return to US for health reasons. He took a two years condensed medical course at the Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia. Although this was not long enough time to get medical degree, it qualified him to do much for the benefit of the sick. In 1882 when he took charge of the Mission work in Firozpur, he opened a small dispensary in Firozpur City and daily treated a number of patients during summer, while in winter he connected medical work with his preaching. He traveled to the surrounding villages on a camel, back carrying his saddle bags of medicines and equipment. He worked mainly among men. Mrs. Frances, Dr. Newton's wife on whom the hospital is named, was much concerned about the women as there was no medical facility for them. She started running a dispensary for women and children from her residence. Later on, her daughter after taking a short medical course in America joined her. It was the mid 1880s that this dispensary from their home started functioning. When she had gone to US for leave and lying on sick bed in the Women's hospital, Philadelphia, Mrs. Frances Newton thought of building a hospital for the women and children of Firozpur area. She started talking about this and praying about it. The result was $2000/- collected to build the hospital for women and children. That was the beginning of Frances Newton Hospital and a 50-bed hospital was finally opened in 1894, and later on School of Nursing was opened in 1923. The first fully trained Missionary doctor that came out to the Frances Newton Hospital, Firozpur was Dr. Maud Allen from California. She was the Medical Superintendent of the hospital for 30 years. She owned a car which was very very rare thing ‘Model-T Ford’. She was an outstanding doctor and liked by all. Dr. Grace Edwards was the next missionary to be the Medical Superintendent for the next six years. She got married and Dr. Dorothy Ferris took charge of the hospital in 1936. Dr. Ferris, a graduate from the University of Cincinnati and a short course at the Columbus College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York, before coming to India. She spent a year in Language schools.

Paragraph 17: According to official figures, 2002 Gujarat riots ended with 1,044 dead, 223 missing, and 2,500 injured. Of the dead, 790 were Muslim and 254 Hindu. Unofficial sources estimate that up to 2,000 people died. There were instances of rape, children being burned alive, and widespread looting and destruction of property. It is believed to have been incited by the Godhra train burning, where 59 people (who were mostly returning from Ayodhya after a religious celebration at the Babri Masjid demolition site) were burnt to death. Subsequently, circulation of false news in local newspapers alleging ISI hand in the attacks and that the local Muslims conspired with them, and also about false stories of kidnap and rape of Hindu women by Muslims further inflamed the situation. Numerous accounts describe the attacks to be highly coordinated with mobile phones and government issued printouts listing the homes and businesses of Muslims. Although many calls to the police were made from victims, they were told by the police that "we have no orders to save you. In many cases, the police led the charge, using gunfire to kill Muslims who got in the mobs' way. According to a 2002 Human Rights Watch report, a key Bharatiya Janata Party state minister is reported to have taken over police control rooms in Ahmedabad on the first day of the carnage, issuing orders to disregard pleas for assistance from Muslims. Portions of the Gujarati language press meanwhile printed fabricated stories and statements openly calling on Hindus to avenge the Godhra attacks. Also in many cases, under the guise of offering assistance, the police led the victims directly into the hands of their killers. The then Chief minister of Gujarat, Narendra Modi was cleared of the accusations levied against him by a local court based on the investigation carried out by a Special Investigation Team. However, this report was challenged by Zakia Jafri, whose husband Ahsan Jafri, a former Congress politician, was killed by a mob in Ahmedabad city. Ms. Jafri claimed the investigation had revealed sufficient evidence to implicate Mr. Modi and 62 others. The Supreme Court of India, subsequently turned down a plea challenging the clean cheat given to Modi. The 2020 report by the United States Commission for International religious freedom designated India as a Country of Particular Concern

Paragraph 18: With the start of the German invasion of the Soviet Union, which began on 22 June 1941, Fegelein saw active service on the Eastern Front. His unit was assigned on the 87th Infantry Division on 23 June to cover a gap in the lines of the 9th Army near Białystok. The motorized elements of the 1st SS Cavalry reached the right flank of the operational area on 24 June, but the mounted elements were unable to keep up. The exhausted horses had to be left behind and the men transported to the combat zone in lorries, while the horse-drawn artillery pieces were towed using any available vehicles. The first units to arrive crossed the Narew near Wizna and engaged the Soviets but were unable to break through. They were ordered to retreat and move further north. Infantry elements of the 87th Division captured Osowiec Fortress on 26 June, and Fegelein's cavalry was sent on a reconnaissance mission to the south-east. Himmler, unwilling to have his SS units under Wehrmacht control or used in combat other than as reserves, withdrew the SS cavalry from control of the 87th Division on 27 June. The ambitious Fegelein stressed in his reports that he believed his unit was combat ready and exaggerated its contribution to the operation. Ten of his men received the Iron Cross, Second Class for their efforts, and Fegelein was awarded the Iron Cross, First Class.

Paragraph 19: Another European production was given in February 2001, in Helsinki at Finnish National Opera. The first complete UK performance was a 2002 concert in London by the BBC Symphony Orchestra. Penny Woolcock directed a British television version of the opera, in revised form, for Channel 4, with the London Symphony Orchestra conducted by Adams; its soundtrack was made in 2001, the telecast aired in 2003, and a DVD was released on Decca in 2004. The first Australasian performance took place in February 2005 at the Auckland Festival, New Zealand. The first fully staged UK production was given in August 2005 at the Edinburgh Festival by Scottish Opera.

Paragraph 20: Cabramurra was established in 1954 using prefabricated houses, as part of the Snowy Mountains Scheme and associated Snowy Mountains Hydro-Electric Scheme. An earlier surveying camp had been established there in 1951. The town was moved some 500m and 20m vertically to a more sheltered position, its current site, in 1974, leaving the original site as the lookout. The original houses were either demolished or relocated to Talbingo, Adaminaby and Jindabyne. The new houses were built with Besser blocks to a design specifically tailored to the environment. Long steep roofs allow snow to slide off, and the interiors are designed around a central heater (originally fuelled by oil) which warms all rooms in the house either directly or indirectly (chimney passes between upstairs bedrooms). All power and phone lines are routed underground.

Paragraph 21: Djerba is home to around 1,300 Jews, and El Ghriba is an important feature of Jewish life on the island. According to legend, the construction of the synagogue goes back to the High Priests' escape following the destruction of Solomon's Temple by the Babylonians under Nebuchadnezzar II in the year 586 BCE (or, alternately, the destruction of the Second Temple in 70 CE). The High Priests carried with them a door and a stone of the destroyed Temple. Thus the synagogue links the Jewish diaspora to the "sole sanctuary of Judaism". In modern times, the local Jews are distinguished by their dress, which includes a black band around their pants, which signifies the destruction of the Temple.

Paragraph 22: In late 1995, Bowie performed this song together with Nine Inch Nails during Bowie's Outside Tour. In December 1995, Bowie performed the song twice at a concert in Birmingham, both of which appear on the live album No Trendy Réchauffé (Live Birmingham 95) (2020); he and the band also performed the song live on Jools Holland's 'Later' (Series 6) that same month. In February 1996, Bowie performed the song with Pet Shop Boys at the 1996 Brit Awards. A version recorded in July 1996 at the Phoenix Festival in England was released on the various artist compilation Phoenix: The Album in 1997. Played regularly during the Earthling Tour in 1997, a July 1997 recording was released on the live album Look at the Moon! in 2021, and a November 1997 recording from the same tour appeared on the live album LiveAndWell.com in 2000 (re-released in 2021). The Pet Shop Boys performed their version of the song live with Sylvia Mason-James singing Bowie's parts, released on the DVD Somewhere – Live at the Savoy (1997). At Bowie's 50th Birthday Bash in New York January 1997, the song was performed together with Foo Fighters. This performance featured Zachary Alford, William Goldsmith and Dave Grohl on three different drum sets and Nate Mendel and Gail Ann Dorsey on two bass guitars simultaneously. Bowie's 25 June 2000 performance of the song at the Glastonbury Festival was released in 2018 on Glastonbury 2000. Bowie performed the song live at BBC Radio Theatre, London, on 27 June 2000, and a recording of this performance was included on the bonus disc accompanying the first releases of Bowie at the Beeb in 2000. A November 2003 live performance from the A Reality Tour is included on the A Reality Tour DVD, released in 2004, as well as the A Reality Tour album, released in 2010.

Paragraph 23:  The Night Master (voiced by David Hemblen) – Billed as a "Dark Overlord in an Evil Class All By Himself", the Night Master is a very powerful and dangerous foe who was responsible for the near extinction of Woo Foo by eliminating all of the Woo Foo knights except for Master Yo. He tricked the world into thinking Woo Foo is dumb and giving it a bad reputation to prevent anyone from learning it to be use against him. The Sensei managed to turn Night Master's army to stone and sent him into hiding for a hundred years until he tricked Yin and Yang into using Woo Foo in order to free his army. The Night Master appears to be a demonic sorcerer bat (as such, he hates light) of some description and has a liking for "gothically" ostentatious outfits. The Night Master is very intelligent, though his plans typically fail because of the stupidity of his minions and his own ego gets the better of him causing him to underestimate his enemies. Another reason of his downfall was because if he had killed Yin and Yang at the start, he feared that Yo would train another group of Woo Foo warriors that would be more competent than the two and he was waiting for the right moment to kill them and Yo at the same time. He is considered to be the actual main villain throughout the series, even though Carl appeared in most of the episodes, while Carl was the main villain since the first season. As revealed in "The Pecking Order", he is one of an eternal line of Night Masters alongside Eradicus and an unnamed cobra-like woman. His real name (since "Night Master" is a title) has not yet been revealed. Ever since his defeat, the other villains have been developing their evil in an attempt to become the new Night Master. Also since his defeat, the reputation of Woo Foo is slowly recovering. It is stated that if the series had a season 3, Woo Foo would have many Woo Foo students and thus completely undid the Night Master's years of planning. Night Master's appearance is similar to Aku of Samurai Jack fame and Hades from Hercules.

Paragraph 24: Steinway was born Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg in Wolfshagen im Harz, Duchy of Brunswick in the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation (modern Lower Saxony, Germany). His childhood was marked by many tragedies and twists of fate. He attended public school in his home town. At the age of 8, he was an orphan and thrown upon his own resources, until his father and brothers, once thought to have been killed in action, returned and claimed him once more. Then, at 15, he was orphaned once again, and it was at this time that he joined the German Army. In 1814, he joined the Schwarze Schar, the volunteer corps of Frederick William, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel in the war against Napoleon's occupation of parts of Germany but remained in the garrison throughout the Napoleonic War campaign of the Hundred Days in 1815.

Paragraph 25: As the trustees of the Imperial Institute were required by the Imperial Institute Act 1925 to hold the institute buildings for the purposes of the Act, it was determined that a new bill would be required to allow for the buildings to be demolished and the Imperial Institute to be rehoused. This was effected by the Commonwealth Institute Act 1958, which included a name change for the institute to the Commonwealth Institute, to recognise the political developments with the creation of the Commonwealth of Nations in 1949 and the increasing number of countries that had been granted independence and become members of the Commonwealth. At that time the responsible minister was the Minister of Education. The Act also detailed the new site and parameters of size and cost for the new building; and stated that expenses incurred by the trustees relating to the conditions of the lease of other net expenses incurred by the Minister of Education in connection with the Commonwealth Institute were to be "paid out of moneys provided by Parliament". This reflected the arrangements made in 1899 under which the institute (then a royal charter company) was granted a fully repairing lease in exchange for releasing, at the request of the government, approximately one half of its building for the use of the University of London.

Paragraph 26: Before the start of the 2021 season, Phillips relinquished her role as co-captain with Randall, setting up Randall to be appointed sole captain of the team. The league was restructured back to a single ladder in which the top six teams made the finals and the top two teams received byes into the preliminary finals. Adelaide entered the last round third on the ladder behind Brisbane and Collingwood. Although they were never in the top two because of losses to Fremantle and Melbourne, they were able to finish on top of the ladder by defeating Collingwood after Brisbane's loss earlier in the round. Phillips played better in the first half of the season, being named best on ground twice, first in Round 1 against  and then in Round 4 against Brisbane. She also earned one vote in each of her team's next two games, including against  when Adelaide scored 85 points, the second-highest total in AFLW history at the time. She kicked at least one goal in the first six games of the season, highlighted by four of her team's six goals against Brisbane, tying her career high for goals in a game. In the second half of the season, Phillips struggled with an injury to her left knee that was first aggravated in Round 5 and not publicly disclosed until after the season ended. After Round 6, she did not receive any more votes. Although Phillips scored two goals in Adelaide's preliminary final win against Melbourne, she did not reach ten disposals in either of her finals games, despite tallying at least fourteen in all of her home-and-away games. Adelaide lost the 2021 AFLW Grand Final to Brisbane. Phillips had minor surgery on her left knee a week later. Overall, she was named to her third All-Australian team and finished the season as Adelaide's leading goalkicker for the second time.

Paragraph 27: In this story, the motive for murder was the teleportation device.  Asimov noted that in his other Wendell Urth story, "The Singing Bell", travel by teleportation was regarded as routine.  He dismissed this inconsistency with his favorite epithet, "Emerson!", a reference to Ralph Waldo Emerson's dictum "A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds." In-universe, the inconsistency can possibly be explained by Romero's invention actually being a way to teleport living beings, since in "The Singing Bell" the teleportation is only used for transporting inert cargo (with humans taking regular transport), while Romero explicitly states he managed to teleport a mouse. Teleportation and FTL transportation are shown to be a more difficult task with living beings than inert cargo in numerous works of science fiction, including Asimov's own short story "Risk".

Paragraph 28: Dez Skinn set up Warrior magazine in 1982 and asked Lloyd to create a new pulp character. Lloyd and writer Alan Moore, who had previously collaborated on several Doctor Who stories at Marvel UK, created V for Vendetta, a dystopian adventure featuring a flamboyant anarchist terrorist — V — fighting against a future fascist government. Lloyd, who illustrated in cinematic chiaroscuro, devised V's Guy Fawkes-inspired appearance and suggested that Moore avoid captions, sound effects and thought balloons. Lloyd stated in a 2005 interview that "I don't know why I thought of Guy Fawkes, because it was during the summer. I thought that would be great if he looked like Guy Fawkes, kind of theatrical. I just suggested it to Alan, and he said, 'that sounds like a good idea.' It gave us everything, the costume and everything. During the summer, I couldn't get any of these masks. These masks that you could get in every shop had a smile built into them. So I created this Guy Fawkes mask with a kind of smile. It was an ideal costume for this future anarchist persona." After Warrior folded in 1984, the series was reprinted and continued in colour by DC Comics in 1988 and collected as a graphic novel in 1995. It was adapted into a film released in 2005. The stylized Guy Fawkes/V mask Lloyd created for the character went on to become a symbol of protest. It was adopted as the symbol for the online hacktivist group Anonymous after appearing in web forums. It has also been used in Project Chanology, the Occupy movement, Anonymous for the Voiceless, the fictional F-Society in Mr. Robot, and other anti-establishment protests around the world.

Paragraph 29: As the recently proclaimed state legislature, the Kampuchean People's Representative Assembly held its first plenary session during 11–13 April 1976, Chea was elected president of its Standing Committee. He briefly held office as acting prime minister when Pol Pot resigned for one month, citing health reasons. According to Dmitry Mosyakov, "In October 1978, Hanoi still believed that 'there were two prominent party figures in Phnom Penh who sympathized with Vietnam—Nuon Chea and the former first secretary of the Eastern Zone, So Phim. Vietnamese hopes that these figures would head an uprising against Pol Pot turned out to be groundless: So Phim perished during the revolt in June 1978, while Nuon Chea, as it is known, turned out to be one of the most devoted followers of Pol Pot—he did not defect to the Vietnamese side....It is difficult to understand why until the end of 1978 it was believed in Hanoi that Nuon Chea was 'their man' in spite of the fact that all previous experience should have proved quite the contrary. Was Hanoi unaware of his permanent siding with Pol Pot, his demands that 'the Vietnamese minority should not be allowed to reside in Kampuchea', his extreme cruelty, as well as of the fact that, 'in comparison with Nuon Chea, people considered Pol Pot a paragon of kindness'?" Nuon Chea was forced to abandon his position as president of the Assembly, along with all others as the Vietnamese captured Phnom Penh in January 1979. According to prison commander Kaing Khek Iev (more commonly known as Duch), who described Chea as "the principal man for the killings," Chea "ordered me to kill all the remaining prisoners" at Tuol Sleng shortly before the regime's ouster; Chea was reportedly "furious" that Duch failed to destroy Tuol Sleng's extensive archives documenting torture and mass murder at the prison before the Vietnamese took the site.

Paragraph 30: Players joining Fulham before the 2009–10 season included right back Stephen Kelly and midfielders Bjørn Helge Riise, Damien Duff and Jonathan Greening. Hodgson enjoyed a fantastic run in the Europa League. The club's campaign, which started in July 2009 in the third qualifying round, featured impressive performances in the group stage, including defeating Basel at the hostile St. Jakob-Park in the final group game to qualify for the knockout stage at the expense of the Swiss club. In the following rounds, Fulham went on to eliminate holders Shakhtar Donetsk 3–2 on aggregate, Italian runners-up Juventus 5–4 on aggregate and German champions Wolfsburg 3–1 on aggregate. The victory against Juventus was especially memorable. Fulham lost 3–1 in Turin and went 4–1 down on aggregate in the second minute of the second leg at Craven Cottage. However, a goal from Bobby Zamora, a brace from Zoltán Gera and a late winner from Clint Dempsey meant that Fulham won the tie 5–4 on aggregate. On 29 April 2010, Hodgson guided Fulham to their first major European final in their 130-year history, winning the home leg 2–1 after a 0–0 away draw to gain a 2–1 aggregate victory over Hamburg in the Europa League semi-final. In the final on 12 May at the HSH Nordbank Arena in Hamburg, Fulham played Spanish club Atlético Madrid. The game went to extra time at 1–1 after first-half goals from Diego Forlán and Simon Davies. With a penalty shoot-out looming and just four minutes remaining, Forlán scored again to win the game for Atlético Madrid. In the Premier League, the Europa League commitments showed as their League form became inconsistent. Fulham lost four of their first six games before losing only one of their following twelve. Five successive defeats preceded a run of five unbeaten. Three straight defeats were then followed by three unbeaten before their final four games garnered one win and three defeats, meaning the club finished twelfth, just four points off ninth place. The club also enjoyed another good run in the FA Cup, again reaching the quarter-final before losing the replay to Tottenham Hotspur.