Paragraph 1: Nazrul Sangeet (), also Nazrul Geeti (; ), refers to the songs written and composed by Kazi Nazrul Islam, the national poet of Bangladesh. Nazrul Geeti incorporate revolutionary notions as well as more spiritual, philosophical and romantic themes. Nazrul wrote and composed nearly 4,000 songs (including gramophone records), which are widely popular in Bangladesh and India. Some of the most notable Nazrul Sangeet include Notuner Gaan, the national marching song of Bangladesh and O Mon Romzaner Oi Rozar Sheshe, an Islamic song on the festival of Eid-ul-Fitr and Jago Jogmaya Jago Mrinmoyee, a Durga Vandana on the festival of Durga Puja.

Paragraph 2: The Fosen Conflict (simple English:) is an ongoing conflict regarding environmentalism. The Supreme Court ruled that wind turbines (on Fosen) have been built unlawfully. The Supreme Court ruled in October 2021 that the wind turbines (on Fosen), violate the indigenous rights of the Sámi people. The Fosen Conflict has resulted in civil disobedience; in 2023, Greta Thunberg and others were blocking entrances to (government) ministries in Oslo; the police moved them out of the way. On March 2, 2023, protesters were blocking entrances to (government) ministries in Oslo; protesters were arrested, brought to ["the central arrest (facility)"] sentralarresten and given a fine. On Svalbard, students at the folk high school protested the visit of the prime minister; and walls at the school, were covered with protests [or messages of protest]. In the afternoon, the president of the Sami Parliament (Norway) and the Minister of Energy had a meeting; they held a press conference, following the meeting; the minister said that he apologised on behalf of the Cabinet (Norway) - for the violation of human rights, that had happened, in regard to [the decisions resulting from the case work,] konsesjonsvedtakene. The same afternoon, the prime minister wrote that today the Cabinet is apologising to the Sami practitioners (at Fosen) of reindeer husbandry (reindriftsamene) , for the violations of their human rights, because of the significant negative impact on those practitioners' opportunities to practice their culture. In the evening, the prime minister met (in a church), with some of the young[er] protesters. Later that evening, the spokeswoman for the protesters that attended that meeting, said that there are "demands of ours" that must be fulfilled immediately; furthermore, a final decision has to be made, and "our demand" is that the wind turbines (at Fosen) be dismantled, and the [use of] the land, returned to the Sami at Fosen, she said.  The prime minister invited the Sami practitioners (at Fosen) of reindeer husbandry, for a breakfast (on 3 March); practitioners (from Fosen) and the prime minister and a few other politicians had a breakfast meeting (at Statsministerens kontor). Around 15 minutes after the end of the breakfast meeting, one of the leading protesters, called off the 8-day long protest; however, [a few hundred people,] activists [and supporters] gathered at "royal palace's square" for a low-key sit-down. On 3 March, the prime minister admitted that a violation of human rights, is going on. On 9 March, during the prime mininster's visit to the Sami Parliament (in Norway), the prime minister said that he will take the Fosen Conflict seriously, (moving) forward. As of Q1 2023, the reindeer owners  at Fosen are still willing to negotiate a time period in which the wind turbines would be allowed to stay (before being disassembled); a time period of less than 25 years (since construction), is something the reindeer owners are willing to consider.

Paragraph 3: After receiving a mystical vision of a lily eaten by a horse, which he recognized as indicating that the cares of his worldly life (the draft horse pulling a plough) were swallowing up his spiritual life (the lily, a symbol of purity), he decided to devote himself entirely to the contemplative life. In 1467, he left his wife and his ten children with her consent rescinded all his political duties and aimed to join a mystic brotherhood near Basel. A few miles away in Waldenburg, he saw three visions that made him understand his aim was not the one of gods and made him return towards the Melchtal, near his former home as he didn't dare to return home. Discovered a few days after his arrival by some hunters, he eventually set himself up a hermit in the Ranft chine in Switzerland, establishing a chantry for a priest from his own funds so that he could assist at mass daily. Having arrived in the Ranft, he began to fast and after having received the consent of Oswald Yssner, the priest in Kerns he didn't eat anymore. Upon Yssner’s doubt and insistence for a clarification, Niklaus explained that he only from assisting a mass in which a priest enjoys the sacramental bread, received enough nourishment. Symbolic visions continued to be a feature of his contemplation, and he became a spiritual guide whose advice was widely sought and followed. His reputation for wisdom and piety was such that notables and clergy from across Europe came to seek advice from him. The Benedictine abbot of Sponheim Johannes Trithemius convinced by the reports he heard from people who met Niklaus, compared him with Saint Anthony. In 1470, Pope Paul II granted the first indulgence to the sanctuary at Ranft and it became a pilgrimage site on the Way of Saint James, a pilgrims' route to Santiago de Compostela in Spain. His counsel prevented a civil war between the cantons meeting at the Diet of Stans in 1481, when their antagonism grew. Despite being illiterate and having limited experience with the world, he is honored among both Protestants and Catholics with the permanent national unity of Switzerland. The Archduke Sigismund sent him a gilded chalice in 1473 and 100 Guilders in 1481. Letters of thanks to him from Berne and Soleure still survive. When he died, on 21 March 1487, he was surrounded by his wife and children.

Paragraph 4: Thousands of years ago, an alien expedition came to Earth to catalogue life. After completing its task and collecting samples which included Nimrod, a being known as Light, the leader, went into slumber. By 1881, Josiah Smith gained control and kept Light in hibernation and imprisoned the creature known as Control on the ship, which is now the cellar of the house. Smith began evolving into the era's dominant life-form – the Victorian gentleman – and also took over the house. By 1883, Smith, having "evolved" into forms approximating a human and casting off his old husks as an insect would, managed to lure and capture the explorer Redvers Fenn-Cooper, brainwashing him. Utilising Fenn-Cooper's association with Queen Victoria, he plans to get close to her so that he can assassinate her and subsequently take control of the British Empire.

Paragraph 5: He was born in Ahvaz, southwestern Persia, to a Persian family and studied under Shaikh Abu Maher Musa ibn Sayyār. He was considered one of the three greatest physicians of the Eastern Caliphate of his time, and became physician to Emir 'Adud al-Daula Fana Khusraw of the Buwayhid dynasty, who ruled from 949 CE to 983 CE.  The Emir was a great patron of medicine, and founded a hospital at Shiraz in Persia, and in 981 the Al-Adudi Hospital in Baghdad, where al-Majusi worked. His ancestors were Zoroastrian (whence the nisba "al-Majusi"), but he himself was a Muslim. The name of his father was Abbas, and according to Iranica, is not the kind of name typically taken by a neophyte, a fact which suggests that conversion to Islam took place in the generation of his grandparents, if not earlier. He himself seems to have been lacking in Muslim zeal, since no mention is made of the prophet Moḥammad in his introductory remarks, while his argument for the excellence of medicine is based entirely on pragmatic reasoning without recourse to the Quran or the Sunna. Moreover, by calling himself "Ali b. Abbas Majusi", the author intentionally calls attention to his Zoroastrian background.

Paragraph 6: The Chir (Tormosin) Offensive had begun on December 7, led by 5th Tank Army's 333rd Rifle Division which penetrated the German defenses southwest of Ostrovskii and provided a passage to the 1st Tank Corps to occupy State Farm (Sovkhoz) No. 79, setting up an action that would become well known to English-speaking readers with the publication of von Mellenthin's Panzer Battles in the 1950s. The 4th Guards and 258th Divisions at this stage were tasked with containing the German forces south of the lower Chir River. 1st Tank Corps was soon badly battered by the newly arrived 11th Panzer Division and the 333rd Division was forced to retreat. A new offensive by 5th Shock began on the morning of December 13 led by 7th Tank Corps, assisted by 4th Guards and 258th Divisions, with the principal objectives of Rychkovskii and Verkhne-Chirskii. 4th Guards had concentrated opposite the Rychkovskii bridgehead on the left flank of 7th Tank on the end of the previous day. The attack began at 0700 hours and the 8th Guards Regiment soon seized an unnamed hill east of the town and held it against several infantry counterattacks, supported by five tanks. After its regimental guns destroyed two of these the way was clear for the 11th Guards Regiment to push into the town proper where it overcame a strongpoint north of the railway station, then the station itself before reaching the northern bank of the Don. The 3rd Guards Regiment then established defenses on the railroad bridge over the Don, cutting the retreat of part of the German garrison. The divisional history later noted:That evening the commander of 5th Shock, Lt. Gen. M. M. Popov, ordered the attack to continue towards Verkhne-Chirskii. This bridgehead was also heavily fortified and defended by about 3,500 German troops and a large number of antitank guns. During December 14 the division, with 7th Tanks, fought towards the town. At the same time the 315th Rifle Division of Stalingrad Front crossed the Don and seized a bridgehead south of Nizhne-Chirskaia. Meanwhile, the German commander, Field Marshal E. von Manstein, was adamant that the bridgehead must be held for the sake of the morale of 6th Army. On December 15 the 5th Shock Army eliminated the bridgehead at Verkhne-Chirskii while the 11th Panzer was distracted and wearing itself out in the fighting south of Ostrovskii; the loss of the two bridgeheads effectively eliminated any prospect of a relief drive on the shorter route.

Paragraph 7: Following a further reorganization increasing its strength to two tank battalions and three motorised infantry regiments, the division was sent to the Western Front to participate in the Battle of the Netherlands starting on 10 May 1940. Part of the 18th Army, which defeated The Netherlands in a grueling five days, 9th Panzer Division played an essential role in the German strategy. The division was the only German mechanized force allocated to 18th Army and was intended primarily to link up with airborne forces landed near Rotterdam and The Hague. On 12 May, the division was launched in the south of The Netherlands to exploit a breakthrough by German infantry divisions, quickly advancing to the Moerdijk bridges, which had been captured by Student's paratroopers. Before that, near Breda, the division split up, sending one battalion north over the Moerdijk bridges to try and enter the Dutch National Redoubt, Fortress Holland. On 13 May, however, during its first actual fighting of the campaign, the battalion suffered considerable losses in a failed assault on the centre of Dordrecht. On 14 May, the battalion stood ready to assault Rotterdam, but the Dutch surrendered the same day after a carpet bombing of that city's civilian centre by the Luftwaffe.

Paragraph 8: Amongst the general population, costume parties also occurred with increasing frequency from the late 1940s onward; for the most part the costumes were simple affairs until the mid-1970s. Prior to the late 1990s, most costumes were either hired or constructed at home. Although 'accessory' items had been available for some time, retail purchased costumes are, in respect of the U.K., largely since in the late 1990s. Many materials and costumes being imported from the Far East (with cost savings in labour and bulk orders) had increased in volume at that time. This has seen the price of purchased costumes becoming more and more affordable.

Paragraph 9: Preah Keo Morakot temple does not have monks, so King Norodom Sihanouk went to live there during the construction of Preah Phnos for a year (on the 14th day of the second month of the year).  Kor Nopvasak, BE 2490 (July 31, 1947), he was ordained as a monk and took the Temple of Preah Keo Morakot Twi as a place of dharma to take up the practice of Dharma.  Every day.  Due to the fact that Preah Keo Morakot Temple has a monarch as a monk, this temple was renamed Wat Ubaosoth Preah Chin Rangsey Reachea Norodom Ratanaram (ភាសាខ្មែរ: វត្តឧបោសថ ព្រះជិនរង្សីរាជានរោត្ដម រតនារ៉ាម), which means Wat Preah Dharma  Of the Dharma Pagoda God of the Light King Norodom Wealth Aries This temple is called Preah Vihear Preah Keo Morakot because of its statue.  Made of precious stones made from emeralds kept in this temple. This temple is called Wat Prak by foreign tourists because the floor is made of silver, the whole floor is covered with 5329 pieces of silver in  One tablet weighs 1,125 kg.  There are 1,650 artifacts on display in the temple, most of which are made of gold, silver, bronze and adorned with precious stones such as diamonds, rubies, sapphires and other precious stones.  The statue is made of 90 kilograms of gold and contains 9584 diamonds, the largest of which is 25 carats.   This quarterly monarch had a history with the Lan Xang dynasty of Laos, now has the same shape as the Lao Phra Bang, a gift from the Cambodian king to the Lao king.  Fa Ngum when the Thai king invaded Angkor (1352 - 1357) during the reign of King Suriyavong.   Preah Arya Metrey was established in a workshop at the palace during 1906 and 1907 by King Sisowath of Cambodia.  The walls surrounding the buildings are covered with Reamker paintings painted in 1903-1904 by a Cambodian artist led by the architect of Wat Prak Oknha Tep Nimit Mak.  The legend of Preah Ko Preah Keo is also represented by  These two sculptures also edit the content and year of the story.

Paragraph 10: After her parents died in a car accident and had lost her memory, Oriko "Okko" Seki lives with her grandmother at the Hananoyu Inn, a ryokan. Okko befriends the ghost of a boy Makoto "Uribo" Tachiuri, the late childhood friend of Mineko. Okko becomes a junior innkeeper. At first, she finds her job exhausting, but Uribo keeps her spirits up. One day, Okko invites a disheveled man and his son to the inn, since it "rejects no one". The staff learn about his late mother and Akane end up opposing everyone. He requests a cake from the kitchen. The inn has none, but Okko feels inspired to make a new recipe for a "hot bath" pudding resembling hot spring water. Akane and his father are impressed about the pudding and the shrine. It is revealed Okko achieves her fulfillment for everyone and Akane's father writes a magazine review. At school, Okko meets Matsuki Akino, a selfish girl with a pink colored Lolita fashion whose family runs the inn. Uribo tries to provoke Matsuki by painting her face, but a blond girl ghost retaliates by painting Okko's. The ghost turns out to by Miyo, Matsuki's late sister. She mocks Okko and something what she did. But since Okko can see her and talk with her, Miyo plans to move at Hananoyu Inn instead of Harunoya. Okko uses a bell received from her late grandfather to release Suzuki, a low key demon, whom Okko meets with a bad habit. Okko becomes cheerier, though Suzuki notices Okko cannot see ghosts. One of the guests is a woman named Glory Suiryo who works as a fortune teller. She invites Okko to a shopping trip. Okko is paralyzed by a flashback, but Glory comforts her. Okko imagines her parents near her. As the Kise family arrive at the inn, they include a boy named Shota and his recovered father. The man finds bland food unsatisfying. Okko learns Matsuki was working on a menu. Setting aside her rivalry to please a guest, she visits Matsuki at her inn to ask for help. Matsuki gives her a sample of beef and cooking tips Shota's father does not taste so bland. But then the Kises reveal Shota's father survived the accident and was in a coma. The family that died in the crash didn't make it, only leaving their only daughter alive. Okko started to remember that it was her parents who died in the accident and leaves. Glory consoles with Okko. She sees the Kises leaving the inn, because they will soon leave. Okko invites the Kises to stay at the inn. Months later, Okko and Matsuki perform a ritual dance at the festival. The ghosts move on to the next lives and visit them someday.

Paragraph 11: According to the White House, Trump communicated with Tillerson on March9 and told him he would be replaced. Tillerson cut short a visit to Africa and returned to the United States on March 12. On March 13, Trump announced via Twitter that Tillerson was out. A spokesman for Tillerson, Steve Goldstein, the under secretary of state for public diplomacy, was quoted in The Washington Post that Tillerson did not know why he had been fired by Trump and only found out about his firing when he read Trump's tweet on the morning of March 13; Goldstein, who was generally perceived within the White House as being anti-Trump, was fired by the White House later that day, reportedly for contradicting the official account of Tillerson's dismissal. A senior Trump administration official cited "upcoming North Korea talks and various trade negotiations" as the reason for replacing Tillerson. Trump later told reporters his differences with Tillerson came down to personal chemistry and disagreements on policy, adding that he and CIA director Mike Pompeo "have a very similar thought process". The New York Times reported that Lebanese-American businessman George Nader turned Trump's major fundraiser Elliott Broidy "into an instrument of influence at the White House for the rulers of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates... High on the agenda of the two men... was pushing the White House to remove Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson." UAE and Saudi Arabia lobbied Trump to fire Tillerson for not supporting the blockade of Qatar during the Qatar diplomatic crisis. Robert Malley, former top Middle East adviser to President Barack Obama, said that "senior Qatari officials with whom I spoke were convincedor at least acted as if they were convincedthat Saudi Arabia and the UAE had been planning a military attack on their country that was halted as a result" of Tillerson's intervention.

Paragraph 12: A 1999 study found for people in the F2, F3 and F4 classes in the discus, elbow flexion and shoulder horizontal abduction are equally important variables in the speed at which they release the discus. For F2, F3 and F4 discus throwers, the discus tends to be below shoulder height and the forearm level is generally above elbow height  at the moment of release of the discus. F2 and F4 discus throwers have limited shoulder girdle range of motion.  F2, F3 and F4 discus throwers have good sitting balance while throwing. F5, F6 and F7 discus throwers have greater angular speed of the shoulder girdle during release of the discus than the lower number classes of F2, F3 and F4. F2 and F4 discus throwers have greater average angular forearm speed than F5, F6, F7 and F8 throwers.  F2 and F4 speed is caused by use of the elbow flexion to compensate for the shoulder flexion advantage of F5, F6, F7 and F8 throwers. A study of javelin throwers in 2003 found that F2 throwers have angular speeds of the shoulder girdle less than that of other classes. A study of was done comparing the performance of athletics competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. It found there was little significant difference in performance in distance between women in 1A (SP1, SP2) and 1B (SP3) in the club throw. It found there was little significant difference in performance in distance between men in 1A and 1B in the club throw. It found there was little significant difference in performance in distance between men in 1A and 1B in the discus. It found there was little significant difference in performance in distance between men in 1A and 1B in the javelin. It found there was little significant difference in performance in distance between men in 1A and 1B in the shot put. It found there was little significant difference in performance in times between women in 1A and 1B in the 60 meters. It found there was little significant difference in performance in times between men in 1A and 1B in the 60 meters. It found there was little significant difference in performance in times between women in 1A and 1B in the slalom. It found there was little significant difference in performance in distance between women in  1A, 1B and 1C  in the discus. It found there was little significant difference in performance in distance between women in 1A, 1B and 1C  in the club throw.

Paragraph 13: Male, female. Forewing length 3.8-4.0 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex and neck tufts shining dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, lined white laterally and medially, collar shining dark greyish brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally, extreme apex white; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white; antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to one-half, in apical half two white rings of two segments separated by two dark brown segments, followed towards apex by six dark brown and eight white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line. Legs: shining dark greyish brown, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one, two and four with whitish apical rings, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with a very oblique white line from base to two-thirds and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with white basal and apical rings, segments two to four with white apical rings and segment five entirely white, spurs white dorsally, brown ventrally. Forewing shining dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, five narrow white lines in the basal area, a short costal from one-third to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base to one-third, distally slightly bending from costa, a medial above fold, from base to the transverse fascia, a subdorsal from one-third to near the transverse fascia, a dorsal from base to the start of the subdorsal, a bright yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with a broad prolongation towards apex, bordered at the inner edge by a tubercular pale golden metallic subcostal spot with a patch of blackish scales on outside, and a similarly coloured but slightly larger subdorsal spot, further from base than the subcostal and not at the inner edge of the transverse fascia, inwardly edged by brownish and blackish scales, at two-thirds of the transverse fascia a small tubercular pale golden costal spot, opposite the costal spot, a similarly coloured but more than twice as large dorsal spot, a white costal streak from the outer costal spot to apex, a shining white apical line from the transverse fascia to apex, cilia dark brown at apex, ochreous-brown towards dorsum. Hindwing shining brownish grey, cilia ochreous-brown. Underside: forewing shining brownish grey, white apical line visible in the cilia, hindwing shining pale grey. Abdomen dorsally shining yellowish brown with reddish gloss, segment six banded whitish posteriorly, ventrally shining white, anal tuft ochreous.

Paragraph 14: Robert Bianco of USA Today praised Fox's performance, saying that it was almost worthy of an Emmy Award nomination.  The Star-Ledger's Alan Sepinwall gave the episode a mixed review, saying that "I find [Jack] and his love life simultaneously boring and obnoxious … [and] insufferable"; however, he enjoyed the subplots and commended the acting by Matthew Fox and Jorge Garcia.  James Poniewozik of Time did not enjoy the flashforwards, commenting that they were "the first of the flashforwards that resembled one of the bad old flashbacks, in that it just reconfirmed character traits we already knew and showed Jack and Kate falling into patterns we knew from the past … I didn't get much from it".   IGN's Chris Carabott gave the episode a 7.5/10, making it his least favorite episode of the season.  Carabott wrote that "this season [Lost'''s main character Jack] seems to have been relegated to playing second fiddle … oddly enough, even in his own episode, Jack really isn't given much to do" and stated that "the possible rekindling of Jack and Kate's romantic relationship on the island is juxtaposed quite well with their relationship during the flashforward."  Dan Compora of SyFy Portal wrote that "the pace … was a bit too slow" and "I usually like the Jack-centered episodes, but a bout of appendicitis simply does not make for high drama or stimulating action"; however, he noted that "all in all, this was a good episode, but it was nothing special."  Compora praised Fox's increasingly good acting, but said that "this season has seen much stronger lead performances from Michael Emerson [in 'The Shape of Things to Come' as Ben Linus] and Henry Ian Cusick [as Desmond Hume in 'The Constant']."    Erin Martell of AOL's TV Squad called "Something Nice Back Home" "a break after last week's action- and information-packed episode", argued that Rousseau was not given a proper death and enjoyed Rose and Bernard's roles.  UGO's Sara shared Martell's sentiments in regard to Rose and Bernard's appearances and speculated that "Something Nice Back Home" would not be enjoyed by fans who like Rousseau or do not like Jack.  Ben Rawson-Jones of Digital Spy gave the episode three out of five stars, saying that "the Jack-Kate romantic intrigue is rather dull, while the appendix plot feels like an unnecessary narrative obstacle for viewers to surmount."

Paragraph 15: Case management has alternatively been known as "service coordination" or "care coordination" since the late 1980s. Care coordination is defined by NASW as "a client-centered, assessment based, interdisciplinary approach to integrating health care and psychosocial support services in which a care coordinator develops and implements a comprehensive care plan that addresses the client's needs, strengths, and goals." There are two types of case management one is based on objective aims of the service organization and the other is dependent on the individual or group who benefits the service. Case management differs from one setting to another depending upon the policies, tolerance and objectives however efficiency in services is a common element. One such element that affects efficiency is caseloads. Department of Children and Families, United States recommends no more than 12–15 open/active cases and 8–10 new referrals per month when it comes to caseload and efficient management of workload. This post-2008 allocation of caseload management showed 90% efficiency in services and quality of practice by Center for the Study of Social Policy (CSSP), 2009. A general work load hours that takes for Case management is 3.30 hrs in which 1.45 hrs takes for case intake; Traditional individual – family assessment takes 3.45 hrs – 12.45 hrs as per Minnesota Workload Analytics for evidence based stabilizing and strengthening the workforce. To increase handling caseloads over-hiring and expanding employee benefits is a practice used by social services. Though Arizona's Department of Economic Security surveys show increasing caseloads alone above 35 cases per caseworker a month attracted repeated maltreatment reports and the ideal clients per case manager ratio suggested is 10:1. To reduce the caseload they focused on expanding prevention services which showed a positive effect. Larger the caseload lesser the direct care will be and the services will be more of brokerage and crisis management. Case management is a part of direct social work practice, it involves development and implementation of the case plan and administration of case management systems for effective service delivery. This makes the case manager involve in resource development, service management, lean leadership, cost control, resource distribution, and use of authority. Due to the resource control aspect a Case manager's activity is also known as service management.

Paragraph 16: He made his first appearance for the club in an AFL pre-season match against  in Shepparton. Ross recorded six clearances and 21 disposals in the match and earned selection in the club second and final pre-season match where he was less influential, posting just seven disposals. Those performance were not enough to earn him an AFL debut, with Ross instead playing in two pre-season matches with the club's reserves side where he averaged 33.5 disposals per match. He played again at the lower level in the opening round of the VFL season, recording 21 disposals, four clearances and eight tackles. The following week Ross would receive a call-up for a round 4 AFL debut, after captain Trent Cotchin was ruled out due to a hamstring and fellow midfielder Dustin Martin missed through suspension. He made a significant impact in the match, recording 25 disposals in the victory over  on the road. Ross added 17 disposals the following week before posting 28 in an ANZAC Day eve win over  in round 6. Over that initial three match period, Ross led all Rising Star eligible players in handballs per game while ranking second in disposals, metres gained and center clearances per game. He kicked his first AFL goal the following week in round 7, before travelling to Perth for a round 8 match against . Ross suffered a serious ankle injury that week, with a Fremantle captain Nat Fyfe inadvertently stepping on and rolling Ross' left ankle just before half time of that match. The injury would be revealed as a syndesmosis strain that would require surgery, ruling Ross out for between six and eight weeks. To that point, he ranked first for centre clearances per game, second for clearances per game and second for inside 50s per game among Rising Star eligible players. Ross resumed running exercises in late June, with his return timetable pushed out two weeks later than first expected. After training fully in the last week of July, Ross made his footballing return on limited minutes with the club's reserves side in the VFL, notching 12 disposals in the match's first half. He was added to the club's AFL emergency list the following week and was eventually called in to play when Dustin Martin was a late withdrawal due to injury. Ross played a run-with role on  captain Patrick Cripps for parts of that match, while accumulating 21 disposals and six clearances of his own. He managed just 11 disposals the following week against  and was dropped back to VFL level for the start of that team's final series. In the opening week of the VFL finals, Ross recorded 21 disposals as Richmond won a come-from-behind qualifying final win over the  reserves. He was named as an AFL level finals emergency the following week, before lining up in a VFL preliminary final as Richmond's reserves won through to that league's grand final. Ross was again an AFL emergency for the top level preliminary final the following week, and after AFL midfielder Jack Graham suffered a shoulder dislocation in that match, Ross was labelled by media outlets as a likely replacement in the upcoming AFL grand final. As a result, he was held out from playing in the club's victorious VFL grand final two days later. Despite that decision Ross was ultimately overlooked for a call up to what would be an AFL premiership winning side, passed over in favour of VFL grand final best-on-ground Marlion Pickett. He was instead named an emergency, ultimately becoming one of just six players on the Richmond list to play in neither the AFL nor VFL premiership winning sides that season. He finished 2019 having played seven matches at AFL level as well as four with the club's reserves side in the VFL.

Paragraph 17: When the Anglican and Lutheran churches implemented their own calendar and lectionary reforms in 1976, they adopted the same shortened definition of the Easter season as the Roman Catholic Church had promulgated six years earlier. In the Church of England, the Easter season begins with the Easter Vigil and ends after Evening Prayer (or Night Prayer) on the Day of Pentecost. Some Anglican provinces continue to label the Sundays between Easter and the Ascension "Sundays After Easter" rather than "Sundays of Easter"; others, such as the Church of England and ECUSA, use the term "Sundays of Easter". Anglican provinces and dioceses which continue to use The Book of Common Prayer (1662) as their standard of doctrine and liturgy persist in having a traditional 40 day Eastertide which concludes on Ascension Day, also known as Holy Thursday. 

Paragraph 18: From 1720 onwards, Lazier worked to reshape the Constantinian Order into a truly Byzantine-aligned institution, working to preserve Christian-Byzantine heritage and even working to re-establish the Byzantine Empire in some form. Previous grand masters of the Constantinian Order had granted knighthoods of their order, but not other types of noble titles. In his role of grand master and prince, Lazier went beyond the efforts of his predecessors, repeatedly granting noble titles attached to the Byzantine Empire. Over 50 documents issued by Lazier concerning appointments to the order or grants of nobility have survived, most as paper copies but some as the original parchments. In some cases, Lazier requested animals as payment for his grants, with records of requests for parrots and horses.In several cases, Lazier granted rights to landed estates in his claimed lands, regions still under the control of the Ottoman Empire. There are records of lands in Bulgaria, Dalmatia, Macedonia, Epirus, and elsewhere being granted by Lazier to his followers in the Ottoman Empire. In one document, dated to December 1721, the brothers John Matthew and Peter Ludovisi, granted landed titles in the Peloponnese, are assured that as soon as the Ottomans are driven out from the peninsula, either through a peace treaty or force of arms, they will be instated there and be able to rule "forever". Effectively operating as a pseudo-Byzantine emperor in exile, several of Lazier's own documents reference the existence of a virtual Byzantine Empire as a present, and not defunct, entity, effectively envisioned as a government in exile under Lazier's rule. The German historian Christian Gastgeber has alternatively described Lazier's activities as effectively amounting to re-founding the Byzantine Empire as a political, albeit landless, entity, and as marking the foundation of his own imaginary realm. Lazier used different terms for his landless empire, including imperium Romano-Byzantium, imperium sacrum Romano-Byzantium and sacrum Romanum imperium orientale nostrum Byzantium. Later texts typically also added the additional qualifiers Asiaticum and Trapezuntinum. According to Gastgeber, Lazier's activities further revived interest in the Byzantine Empire in Western Europe. The British author Guy Stair Sainty believes that Lazier's activities helped, if ephemerally, to inspire the crusading sentiment among Western Europeans once more. Gastgeber believes that if the Habsburgs had captured Constantinople and the surrounding territories, Lazier and the people he had granted titles to would have likely been instated as rulers there. Lazier's activities might also have contributed to a recorded increase in privileges and grants by the Habsburg government to the Greek minority in Vienna.

Paragraph 19: Reiz (ad Theophilum, pp. 1234, 1236) thinks that Enantiophanes wrote before the composition of the Basilica, and marks his name with an asterisk as an ascertained contemporary of Justinian. In Basil. iii. p. 318 Enantiophanes calls Stephanus his master; but this is by no means conclusive. Assemanni, misled by Papadopoli, thinks that the Stephanus here meant lived under Alexius Comnenus, and was not the Stephanus who was one of the compilers of Justinian's Digest. The contemporary of Justinian, however, was undoubtedly the person intended; but Stephanus was one of those early Graeco-Roman jurists who, like Domninus, Patricius, and Cyrillus, are thought by Zachariae (Anecdota, p. viii.) to have been called by subsequent jurists masters or teachers in a general sense. (Compare Basil. 11. tit. i. s. 67, sch. ed. Heimbach, i. p. 646.) Zachariae places Enantiophanes among the jurists who lived before the time of Basileius Macedo (Hist. Jur. Gr. Rom. Deiius, § 20. 1, 2.) That he lived before the formation of the present text of the Basilica, appears from his being several times named in the text itself, as in iii. p. 258, where he cites Theophilus ; ii. p. 560, where he cites the Code of Justinian ; i. 99, where he cites the Novells of Justinian. According to the Scholium on the Basilica (ii. p. 548, ed. Heimbach), he seems to have written notes upon the Digest. That he was alive after the death of Justinian appears from Basil. iii. p. 230 (ed. Heimbach), where he cites a Novell of Justin. On the other hand, Assemanni thinks that he wrote after the composition of the Basilica, which, in the Scholium, Basil. i. p. 262, he appears to cite; but it is very likely that here, as in many other places, that which was originally a citation from the Digest has been subsequently changed for convenience into a reference to the Basilica. In Basil. iii. p. 440, he cites Gregorius Doxapater, whom Pohl (followed by Zachariae), on the supposed authority of Montfaucon, places in the first half of the 12th century; but we have shown that there is no ground for identifying Gregorius Doxapater with the Doxapater mentioned by Montfaucon. An eminent jurist of the time of Justinian is frequently cited in the Basilica, and in the Scholia on that work by the appellation of the Anonymous. This writer composed an Index or abridgment of the Novells of Justinian, and was the author of Paratitla (a comparison of parallel passages) in the Digest. To this work the treatise on apparently discordant passages would form a natural sequel; and Mortrenil (Histoire du Droil Byzantin, i. p. 296) makes it probable that Enantiophanes and the Anonymous were the same persons; for in Basil. vi. p. 251 Schol., a passage is ascribed to Enantiophanes, which, in Basil. vi. p. 260, Schol., is attributed to the Anonymous. Biener (Geschichte der Novellen Justinians, p. 56) threw out the conjecture, that the Anonymous was no other than Julianus, the author of the Latin Epitome of the Novells; and Zachariae (Anecdota, p. 204–7) attempts to establish this conjecture. Mortreuil seems disposed to identify the three. In order to facilitate investigation, we subjoin a list (formed from Reiz and Fabricius) of passages in the Basilica where the name of Enantiophanes occurs: Basil. i. pp. 70, 99, 100, 109, 260, 408, 262, 265, 266, ii. pp. 540, 560, 609, 610, 628, iii. pp. 43, 170, 258, 318, 393, 394, 412, v. p. 726, vi. 250, 251, 260, vii. 496, 499, 565, 640, 641. (Heimbach, de Basil. Orig. pp. 76–79.)

Paragraph 20: Prior to any formal prehospital care system in the United States, the Pittsburgh Bureau of Police and local funeral homes provided "scoop and run" transportation services, entirely lacking any resemblance of modern medical care; instead, they provided only the 'run' portion. The PBP commonly utilized their "paddy waggons" due to their versatility, and the funeral homes doubled hearses as ambulances to transport the sick and dying to the hospital, and more than likely, later to the funeral home. In 1968, Freedom House Ambulance was born out of an existing organization, Freedom House Enterprises, a nonprofit dedicated to establishing and supporting black-run businesses in the city. Freedom House Ambulance provided emergency care and some rescue services in the City's Hill District and other predominantly black neighborhoods, as the police already covered responses to the rest of the city, composed mostly of affluent white communities. The seemingly "crazy" dreams of an anesthesiologist combined with the passion of a philanthropic board member and unwavering dedication of a med-school fellow, would catapult Pittsburgh and Freedom House to the world stage, whether they knew it or not. The work of Doctors Peter Safar, Nancy Caroline, Ron Stewart and Paul Paris, along with that of Mr. Phil Hallen, President of the Maurice Falk Foundation, soon lead to an operation the likes of which the world had never seen; to save countless lives on The Hill and elsewhere, employ young black people and combat racism. Before its demise, Freedom House would eventually become a shining example of prehospital care and the use of paramedics in the field for the rest of the nation and eventually the world to follow. Unfortunately, due to the success of Freedom House, in 1975 Mayor Pete Flaherty decided to terminate funding, thereby essentially gutting the operation, as well as to found a city-wide EMS agency, funded and overseen by the City. Under the strong urging of Freedom House's Medical Director, Dr. Nancy Caroline, the mayor's administration hired the entirety of Freedom House's clinical and operational staff, both paramedics and dispatchers alike. Dr. Caroline managed to strong-arm the City into doing so due to her uniquely qualified position as Medical Director for the new City agency. Moreover, she was certainly the only physician interested in the region, if not the country. Unfortunately Mayor Flaherty's administration had only agreed to hire Freedom House's employees, all of which were black, not to retain them. Through unfair practices and methods, the original Freedom House crews were almost entirely removed from the brand new City operation. Only about 4 to 8 Freedom House medics are believed to have remained on staff with Pittsburgh EMS for more than 10 years, one of which eventually retired as Assistant Chief, being the first black person to hold that rank.

Paragraph 21: He continued to serve in the General Court (state legislature), winning election to the state senate annually from 1780, and being chosen by that body to serve on the Governor's Council.  He stood for election to the United States House of Representatives in the 1789 election (the first after the adoption of the United States Constitution) but was defeated by Jonathan Grout.  After the death of the immensely popular Governor John Hancock in 1793, the state's gubernatorial election of 1794 was a wide open race.  Gill was one of several nominees for lieutenant governor, and received more votes than all nominees except the winning gubernatorial candidate, Samuel Adams.  With no candidates for lieutenant governor receiving a majority, the General Court decided the election, choosing Gill.  He thereafter won annual reelection to that post.  In 1796 the aging Adams announced he would not run for reelection the following spring, and again the election was a wide open affair.  The party system was still taking shape in the state, and the Federalists nominated Increase Sumner, while more populist factions that had previously supported Hancock and Adams nominated Gill and James Sullivan.  Although Gill polled well in Boston and the eastern counties (present-day Maine), the Federalists won a decisive victory over the divided opposition.  Since he was also nominated by one faction as lieutenant governor, Gill was again returned to that post.  The principal issues in this and subsequent elections were over federal policy: specifically the national response to threats of war with Revolutionary France, and the consequent need for increased taxes to arm the nation.  Gill's politics are unclear: historian Anson Morse is of the opinion that his popularity was not sufficient to head the ticket of either the Federalists or the Democratic-Republicans.  Historian John Barry observes that Gill's term as acting governor, even though it was for essentially a full year, was "too short to be particularly distinguished".

Paragraph 22: Baker wrote: "The Governor and Director of Education were much concerned to provide a healthy education for the European youth under the conditions of the climate. So with their encouragement I designed a school at Nairobi with a crypt as a playground – like the undercroft of Wren's library at Trinity College, Cambridge, – where the boys could stay at mid-day instead of going home under the vertical rays of the sun. At the larger 'public school' at Kabete all the detached classrooms and houses were designed and built with connecting colonnades, in which respect I followed the excellent example set by [United States] President Jefferson in his beautiful University of Virginia." The use of colonnades accords with advice given to Baker by T. E. Lawrence, who regarded the tropical sun as "an enemy" and told him "All pavements should be covered over with light vaulting." The foundation stone was laid by Sir Edward Grigg on 24 September 1929, and the Prince of Wales School was opened in 1931 (The original idea for the name of the school was Kabete Boys Secondary School, but the first headmaster, Captain Bertram W. L. Nicholson, thought this to be too clumsy and therefore the name of The Prince of Wales School was suggested and eventually adopted).

Paragraph 23: In 945, when Cha was commanding an army attacking Southern Tang's southeastern neighbor Min's then-capital Jian Prefecture (建州, in modern Nanping, Fujian), Feng Yanji, Feng Yanlu, and Wei, as his allies, all greatly advocated for his army to be well-supplied, such that it was said that the imperial treasury was entirely drained, and that the people of nearby prefectures — Hong (洪州, in modern Nanchang, Jiangxi), Rao (饒州, in modern Shangrao, Jiangxi), Fǔ (撫州, in modern Fuzhou, Jiangxi), and Xin (信州, in modern Shangrao) — particularly suffered.  Cha was eventually able to capture Jian Prefecture and force Min's last emperor Wang Yanzheng to surrender, allowing Southern Tang to take over a substantial part of Min territory.  However, Min's traditional capital Fú Prefecture (福州, in modern Fuzhou, Fujian, note different tone) was still in the hands of the warlord Li Hongyi, who was paying nominal allegiance to both Southern Tang and its northern neighbor Later Jin.  When Chen volunteered to go see Li Hongyi to persuade him to give up his control of Fú, Li Hongyi was arrogant to him and refused.  Chen subsequently forged an order in Li Jing's name, conscripting the troops of Jian, Fǔ, Xin, and Ting (汀州, in modern Longyan, Fujian) Prefectures and putting them under the command of Feng Yanlu so that he could lead a campaign against Li Hongyi.  After Feng's letter to Li Hongyi to encourage him to submit was rejected by Li Hongyi, Feng headed toward Fú.  He was initially successful in defeating Li Hongyi's general Yang Chongbao (), and the Southern Tang forces soon put Fú under siege.  Li Jing put the senior general Wang Chongwen () in charge of the siege, while making Feng and Wei monitors of the army.  While Wang was a renowned general, the campaign was hampered by the fact that Chen, Feng, and Wei were interfering with his authority, and the generals Liu Congxiao and Wang Jianfeng () were also disobedient of him.  Li Hongyi subsequently sought aid from Southern Tang's southeastern neighbor Wuyue, which dispatched a fleet commanded by Yu An () to try to lift the siege.  When the Wuyue fleet arrived, its soldiers were initially not able to land because the Southern Tang forces were defending the coast to prevent their landing.  Feng allowed them to land so that, in his mind, the Southern Tang forces could defeat them, after which Li Hongyi would feel compelled to surrender, despite opposition by the general Meng Jian ().  Once the Wuyue forces landed, however, they attacked the Southern Tang forces with great ferocity, such that Feng could not resist them, and had to flee.  When Feng fled, the entire Southern Tang army withdrew.  Feng tried to commit suicide with his sword, but his attendant saved him from death.

Paragraph 24: Paterson was ordained in the Church of England as a deacon in 1972. From 1972 to 1973, he was a curate in the Diocese of Manchester at Christ Church, Harpurhey. In 1973, he transferred to the Church in Wales and was ordained as a priest in 1973 by the Bishop of Swansea and Brecon. He undertook a further curacy in Sketty, Swansea from 1973 to 1978, during which he was seconded to a parish in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. From 1978 to 1983 he was Rector of two parishes and Diocesan World Mission Officer. From 1983 to 1994 he was Vicar of St Mark's Cardiff, during which he was a member of the Church in Wales Forward Planning Group. In 1994 he became Team Rector of Cowbridge, Vale of Glamorgan, during which he was a Trustee of the South Glamorgan Buildings Preservation Trust and an examining chaplain for the Bishop of Llandaff. From 2000 to 2006 he was Principal Officer of the Church in Wales Council for Mission and Ministry. He was a member of the Governing Body of the Church in Wales 1974-83, 1989-1992, and 1995-2006. He has served on a number of national and international bodies, including the Church Mission Society, the Church Pastoral-Aid Society and the United Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. In 1993 he was a consultant on African Culture and Anglican Liturgy in Kenya and Uganda, and gave a series of lectures in Pretoria, South Africa in 2001 on Mission in the New Testament. From 1998 to 2003 he was a Trustee of the Church Education and Development Partnership for Southern Africa (Chair from 1999). In 1992 he co-founded of the Four Nations Liturgical Group (Convener 2000-03). He was a member of the Porvoo Churches' Contact Group and co-chaired two international symposia on the Diaconate. He chaired the Churches Together in Britain and Ireland Ecumenical Architecture Group for Wales, drafted the Church in Wales Ecumenical Canons and was a member of the Anglican - Roman Catholic Liaison Group.  From 2002-09 he was Vice Chair of the Anglican Primates' Working Group on Theological Education (Convener of its Steering Group), and was a consultant on theological education at the Anglican Primates' Meetings in 2003 and 2005, and at the Anglican Consultative Council in 2005. In 2004 he was made a metropolitical canon of the Province of Wales. He was appointed chaplain and researcher to John Sentamu, Archbishop of York, in 2006.

Paragraph 25: McCallum has released 18 solo CDs, and her recordings of the music of Liszt and her CDs of French piano music have recently been re-released as boxed sets. Her recording of all of Beethoven's bagatelles for piano contains the published sets of Bagatelles, Opp. 33, 119 and 126, Bagatelle No. 25, WoO 59 ("Für Elise"), and also the first recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that Beethoven wrote, never before published or even catalogued (the piece was edited by Stephanie's husband, the musicologist Peter McCallum). She has specialized in virtuosic nineteenth-century music, particularly of Alkan and of contemporary solo and ensemble music. She made the first recording of Alkan's Studies in all the Major Keys, Op. 35, and subsequently recorded Alkan's Studies in all the Minor Keys, Op. 39, being the first pianist to record both sets. In 2013, during the centenary of Alkan's birth, she released recordings of all five Books of Alkan's Chants, along with other previously unrecorded music by this composer. Her performances of Xenakis's Herma, and Brian Ferneyhough's Lemma Icon Epigram have received critical acclaim. She has released CDs of the music of Liszt, Weber, Alkan, Schumann, Magnard, Pierre Boulez, Xenakis and of contemporary Australian composers. In addition to Alkan and Boulez, she has recorded much other music by French composers: Satie, Magnard, Vincent d'Indy, Maurice Ravel and Guy Ropartz. McCallum records on a number of period pianos by Anton Walter and Sébastien Érard.

Paragraph 26: Holocaust began having difficulties with his armor and was forced to seek out assistance from the Dark Beast, another survivor from the Age of Apocalypse. While conducting experiments on Holocaust's exoskeleton, the villains were assaulted by Shi'ar shock troopers, who took them into custody. Along with Nate Grey and the Sugar Man, they learned that their bodies carried a "shimmering" of energy from the M'Kraan Crystal after passing through it, drawing some of the crystal's infinite power away. The Shi'ar considered this blasphemous and a desecration of their sacred crystal. Holocaust's crime was considered the most heinous, as he still hosted an actual fragment of the crystal from another dimension inside his armor. Holocaust and the Dark Beast were forced into an unlikely alliance with their rivals, Nate Grey and Sugar Man. As they tried to escape the Shi'ar starcraft, Holocaust couldn't resist turning on Grey and trying to kill him during their melee with the Shi'ar guards. Grey struck back by telekinetically ripping the crystal shard out of Holocaust's chest, tearing him up from the inside. As Grey pulverized the crystal, the implosion of M'Kraan energies sucked out the residual shimmering from the Age of Apocalypse refugees, cleansing them of their connection to the crystal. A surprising consequence was that Holocaust reverted into his original human appearance as Nemesis, before flipping to become Holocaust again. McCoy explained that shape-changing was always a potential feature of Holocaust's armor, but he hid the exoskeleton's true potential from the Horseman because they were rivals back in the day. Holocaust and McCoy teleported away, as the Dark Beast promised to show Nemesis all that he was capable of.

Paragraph 27: Guilderland's athletes are known as the Flying Dutchmen. The district offers 19 sports at all levels.  Guilderland is home to one of the top cross-country programs in the Northeast, a strong tennis program, a skilled boys' soccer team that won the Class A State Championship in 1989, the 2006, 2007 and 2008 co-ed cheerleading national champions, the 2007 New York State Section II Class A Girls' lacrosse team and New York State's 2007 section 2 class AA champion baseball team.  In 2007, the baseball team won its first title since the 1970s and the girls' lacrosse team ended Bethlehem High School's run of eight titles to win their first ever Section II and Suburban Council Title. Also in 2008, the football team became the first in school history to make it to the Section II Class AA Finals, while the boys' lacrosse team competed in the Suburban Council final.  That same year, the girls' cross country team attended the prestigious Federation Cross Country Meet for the first time since 1999, where they placed tenth out of 28 teams. The 2008 girls' lacrosse team repeated what it had accomplished in 2007 by winning back to back Suburban Council and Section II Championships.  It went on to become Regional Champions that year after defeating Lakeland-Panas High school and Kingston high school. The 2008 boys' soccer team went undefeated with 22 wins (the most in school history) on their way to their first Section II championship since 1997. They were also ranked 15th on ESPN's list of Top 50 Boys' Soccer Teams. In 2005, the boys' Tennis team went 16-0 and won the Suburban Council Championship over Bethlehem High School, and in 2011, the boys' tennis Team went 11-3 and won the Suburban Council Championship over Bethlehem Highschool.  In 2009 the Wrestling team placed 3rd in the Section II State Qualifier.  They also had six wrestlers place in Section II.  In 2010 one of the senior captains was featured as WNYT's High School Player of the Week.

Paragraph 28: Though Cleeve was by no means a wealthy house, the monks were able to make significant investment in remodelling their home so as to match the rising living standards of the later mediaeval period. In the fourteenth-century elaborate polychrome tiled floors (an expensive and high status product) were laid throughout the abbey and in the mid-fifteenth century radical works were undertaken. A wooden shelter was constructed over the tiled floor in 2016. Abbot David Juyner (r. 1435–87) commissioned a complete redesign of the south range of the monastery. He demolished the old refectory and built a new one parallel to the cloister on the first floor. This grand chamber with its wooden vaulted ceiling (carved with angels) was the equal of the hall of any contemporary secular lord. Beneath it he built several self-contained apartments. These were probably used by corrodians, pensioners of the abbey. Juyner may also have been responsible for decorating the abbey with wall paintings of religious and allegorical subjects. Some of these wall paintings survive. As well as one depicting the Crucifixion, there is an arrangement of St Catherine and St Margaret on either side of, and facing, a man standing on a bridge: the bridge is over water full of fish, and the man has an angel on either side of his head, and is being attacked by a lion to his left on the bridge, and a dragon to his right. Work continued under Juyner's successors to the eve of the Dissolution. The last building work to be completed was the remodelling of the gatehouse, performed after 1510, though as late as 1534 the monks were engaged in a major project of renewing the cloister walks in the latest fashion. As at the neighbouring house of Forde Abbey, this was never completed, due to the dissolution of the abbey.

Paragraph 29: Throughout the 2006 World Cup, Lippi was praised for rotating several players (fielding 21) and adopting several tactical systems that allowed his two star playmakers, Francesco Totti and Andrea Pirlo, to play alongside each other and contribute to Italy's offensive play, assisting many of the team's goals, eventually settling on a 4–2–3–1 formation. In Lippi's formation, Totti occupied the advanced creative role behind the main forward, in particular target-man Luca Toni, while Pirlo was deployed in the deep-lying playmaking role; the two players were supported defensively by hard-working box-to-box midfielders, such as Daniele De Rossi, Gennaro Gattuso, Simone Perrotta and Simone Barone, as well as winger Mauro Camoranesi, and attacking full-backs Gianluca Zambrotta and Fabio Grosso, who were expected to push up the flanks. The Pirlo-Gattuso partnership in Italy's midfield, in particular, proved to be extremely effective, as Lippi led Italy all the way to the final of the tournament, where they beat France 5–3 in a penalty shoot-out after a 1–1 draw. While the team was praised for adopting a more offensive approach than Lippi's predecessors, which saw a World Cup record of ten of the team's 23 players score, with the squad netting 12 goals in total, the team also stood out for its defensive stability. Led by captain and eventual 2006 Ballon d'Or winner Fabio Cannavaro, Italy's back-line and goalkeeper – Gianluigi Buffon – only conceded two goals throughout the tournament, neither of which occurred in open play.

Paragraph 30: Austrian consul Johann Georg von Hahn collected an Albanian tale titled Taubenliebe: a king wants his only daughter to find a husband. One day, a dove flies into her room and talks to her. The dove tells her to have a milk bowl ready for it the next day. The dove returns, bathes in the milk and becomes a handsome youth. The youth warns her to never tell anyone about him, and to wait for him for three years. They exchange rings as a vow. Some time later, the queen wants to betroth the princess to a suitor, but she mentions she is already betrothed. After, the dove does not return, and she goes on a quest for him for three years, walking in iron shoes and with three iron canes. Her quest is not successful, and she returns home. She asks her parents to build a bath house, and that any guest can enter by telling a story. One day, the daughter of a woman that lives in town wants to go to the bath house, but first she goes to the fountain to get some water. At the spring, she sees a rooster with footwear. The girl follows the rooster to a garden and to a house. Inside the house, she spies on 11 pigeons flying into the room, bathing in milk and becoming men. A 12th pigeon appears and mopes about his fiancée, who betrayed the secret. The girl returns to her mother and both decide to go to the princess's bath house to tell her the story. The tale was translated by Angelo de Gubernatis  as Il Principe Colombo ("The Pigeon Prince"); by Parker Fillmore as The Pigeon's Bride: The Story of a Princess who Kissed and Told (sourced as from Yugoslavia), and by Albanologist Robert Elsie as For the Love of a Dove.