Paragraph 1: The poet died at the age of 85 in Athens on the morning of Tuesday, March 29, 2005 and was buried at the First ('A') Cemetery of Athens. Upon his death the Prime Minister of Greece at that time, Kostas Karamanlis stated: "Miltos Sachtouris was one of the leading poets of Greece and one of the last representatives of a very important era for the Greek poetry. His writing and his constant search of freedom in art and life, accompanied a whole era of adventures and challenges. His work will survive the time. I express my condolences to all of his relatives and close persons". Following that, George Papandreou  the leader of the opposition at that time and a former prime minister of Greece stated: "Miltos Sachtouris was one of the greatest Poets of Modern Greece. He served the Greek letters with loyalty, elegance and moral. The global message deriving from his poems is colourful, strong, alive and it is going to thrive and survive throughout the years as our inheritance. I express my sincere condolences to all his relatives and friends". Karolos Papoulias the President of the Hellenic Republic, expressed his condolences about the death of Miltos Sachtouris by saying: "Miltos Sachtouris is the poet who opened and lifted the horizons with his global recognition as a Greek poet".

Paragraph 2: Kavitha started in films with a series of documentaries. She has made films about Bannerghatta National Park in Bangalore, the Siddi tribe, and Ninasam, a cultural organization that promotes the development of theater and films. Kavithas first documentary was on a children's nature camp. She went to more than 50 documentaries and corporate films. Deveeri, a movie based on a short story by P. Lankesh, Akka, represented Kavitha's debut as a feature film director. The film stars Nandita Das, Bhavana, Master Manja, Kashi, B. Jayashree. Deveeri won Kavitha Lankesh state, national and international awards, including the International Critics Award, National Debut Director Award, and the Aravindan Puraskaram for best debutante director in 2000. Deveeri participated in eighteen international film festivals and won nine awards. Kavitha’s second film was Alemaari. The film has Bhavana and Prakash Raj in the lead roles. Kavitha wrote the story and screenplay and directed Bimba. The film has Raksha, Prakash Raj, Daisy Bopanna and Sampath Kumar in the lead roles. Bimba was selected to compete in the Bangkok film festival and received raving reviews from critics. Kavitha wrote and directed Preethi Prema Pranaya, a drama film, in 2003. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Kannada and the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Story and was a commercial hit running for 100 days in theaters across Karnataka. Malgudi Days was a Hindi television series originally directed by Shankar Nag, but was revived in 2006 with Kavitha as director. The reviews were positive. Kavitha also wrote and directed Tananam Tananam, a romantic musical drama in 2006. The story was based on a Tamil story written by Kalki. This film debuts Tamil actor, Shaam, with Ramya and Rakshita in the lead roles. Although the film had average to negative responses from critics, it won at Filmfare Awards South for Best Actress and Best Lyricist. Kavitha directed Avva, a Kannada drama film, in 2008. The film was based on a novel, Mussanjeya Katha Prasanga, written by her father. The film has Shruti, Duniya Vijay and Smitha in the lead roles. The film had many positive reviews from critics and won awards at the Karnataka State Film Awards for Best Supporting Actress and Best Story writer.  Kavitha also directed Crazy Loka in 2012. The stars of the film were V. Ravichandran and Daisy Bopanna. Crazy loka was commercially successful but a film that Kavitha is not proud of because of many ' uncontrolled factors'. Kavitha directed and produced a socially relevant  film, Kariya Kan Bitta. The film stars Pradyumna  a child artist who won the state award and also had Duniya Vijay, Yogesh, Srinagar Kitty, and Anu PrabhakarThe film won rave reviews across the state.

Paragraph 3: Morrison has participated in many group exhibitions including Surfacing, Institute of Contemporary Arts, London, UK (1998), Trouble Spot. Painting, (curated by Luc Tuymans & Narcisse Tordoir), Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst, Antwerp, Belgium (1999), Colour Me Blind!, Württembergischer Kunstverein, Stuttgart (1999), Twisted: Urban and Visionary Landscapes, Stedelijk Van Abbemuseum, Eindhoven, Netherlands (2000), I Believe in Dürer, Kunsthalle Nürnberg, Nürnberg, Germany (2000), SchattenRisse: Silhoueten und Cutouts, Lenbachhaus, Munich, Germany (2001), en pleine terre. Wandering between Landscape and Art, Spiral Jetty and Potsdamer Schrebergårten, Museum für Gegenwartskunst, Basel; curated by Bernhard Mendes Bürgi (2001), Effetto Natura, Fondazione Nicola Trussardi, Milan; curated by Mariuccia Casadio, Italy (2001), Extreme Connoisseurship, Fogg Art Museum, Cambridge, MA; curated by Linda Norden (2001), Melodrama, ARTIUM, Centro-Museo Vasco de Arte Contemporarneo, Vitoria, toured to the Palacio de los Condoes de Gabia/Centro Jose Guerroe, Granada, Spain (2002), Sphere, The Sir John Soane’s Museum, London, UK (2002), Interview with Painting, Fondazione Bevilacqua La Masa, Venice, Italy (2003), Panorámica Programme, Museo Tamayo Arte Contemporáneo, Mexico City, Mexico (2003), Flower Power, Musee de Beaux-Arts, Lille, France (2003), Art of the Garden, Tate Britain, London, UK (2004), Rose C’est La Vie, Tel Aviv Museum, Tel Aviv, Israel (2004), The Boros Collection, ZKM Museum für Neue Kunst, Karlsruhe, Germany (2004), Why Not Live for Art, Tokyo Opera City Art Gallery, Tokyo, Japan (2004), Flowers Observed, Flowers Transformed, the Andy Warhol Museum, Pittsburgh, PA (2004), Satellite, ArtNow Lightbox, Tate Britain, London, UK (2004), The Flower as Image, Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, Humlebæk, Denmark (2004), Private View 1980/2000: Collection Pierre Huber, Musée cantonal des Beaux-Arts, Lausanne, Switzerland (2006), Boys and Flowers, Western Bridge, Seattle, WA (2006), Eye on Europe: Prints, books & multiples / 1960 to now, The Museum of Modern Art, New York, NY (2006), Constellations II, Städel Museum, Frankfurt, Germany (2007), Repicturing the Past/Picturing the Present, The Museum Of Modern Art, New York, NY (2007), The Enchanted Garden, Auckland Art Gallery, Auckland, NZ (2008), Supernatural, CCA Andratx, Mallorca, Spain (2008), WALL ROCKETS: Contemporary Artists and Ed Ruscha, curated by Lisa Dennison, The FLAG Art Foundation, New York, NY, toured to Albright Knox Art Gallery, Buffalo, NY (2008-9), Flower Power, CRAA Centro Ricerca Arte Attuale, Verbania, Italy (2009), Le sang d’un poète (Blood of a poet), Hangar à bananes, Nantes, France (part of Estuaire Nantes, France Saint-Nazaire biennale) (2009), WONDERLAND – Through the looking glass, curated by Robbert Roos, KadE, Amersfoort, Netherlands (2009), Murals, Fundació Joan Miró, Barcelona, Spain (2010), PHILAGRAFIKA, Moore College Gallery, Philadelphia, PA (2010), Layers: John Moores Contemporary Painting Prize, Seongnam Arts Centre, Korea (2010), Nothing is forever, South London Gallery, London, UK (2010), Dark Matters, Whitworth Art Gallery, Manchester, UK (2011), Gold, Belvedere, Vienna, Austria (2012), Dancing Towards the Essence, Kunsthaus Grenchen, Switzerland (2012), Under the Greenwood: Picturing British Trees – Present, St Barbe Museum, Lymington, UK (2013), Post Pop: East Meets West, Saatchi Gallery, London, UK (2014), The Real Face of Burns, Robert Burns Birthplace Museum, Ayr, Scotland (2015), The Romantic Thread in British Art, Southampton City Art Gallery, UK (20016) and Beautifully transient. Flowers in Contemporary Art, Kallmann Museum, Ismaning, Germany (2017). '

Paragraph 4: On the influence exerted by the travels of the Marco Polo, new documents have come to light from archival research. From these it is noted that, starting as early as the 1320s, Venetian merchants flocked to Persia (where from 1324 Venice had its own consul in Tabriz), India and China, where they formed trade companies. Head of one of these companies was Giovanni Loredan, whose venture along with five other nobles is a representative example of a commenda, known in Venice as colleganza, an early form of limited partnership, which implied an agreement between an investing partner and a travelling partner to conduct a commercial enterprise, usually overseas. Their journey began in 1338 when they sailed on the galleys of Romania to Tana in order to embark upon a voyage to Delhi. Following the travels of the Polos, a number of Venetians travelled across Central Asia to China. However, striking out east from Tana and then heading south around the edge of the Pamir mountains to cross the Hindu Kush mountains to India had not been done before; it was trying something new. Before this, Giovanni Loredan had just come back from a trip to China, and his wife and children therefore tried to dissuade him from the new voyage. However, Giovanni believed that there was a fortune to be made by a visit to a certain Indian prince, who had a reputation for cruelty but also generosity to foreign merchants. Therefore, Giovanni, along with five other nobles who had joined in the venture, including his brother Paolo, pooled funds together in order to bring with them gifts, mechanical wonders such as a clock and a fountain, which they hoped would please the Indian prince. Each of them also took some wares on their own account, with Giovanni Loredan taking some Florentine cloth, a piece of which he sold along the way to pay for expenses. In order to raise his share of the needed funds, Giovanni also accepted money in the colleganza from his father-in-law, Alberto Calli, who invested 6 ducats. Having made their way to Delhi, Giovanni and the other nobles succeeded in pleasing the Indian prince, as he gave them a rich present, which they then invested in a joint purchase of pearls. However, the journey turned out tragically, as Giovanni and two other nobles died in the course of the journey. Giovanni's brother Paolo assumed his dead brother's obligations and continued the journey. On the way home, the pearls were divided among the surviving partners, but Giovanni was not there to make the most of the outcome that he had imagined before the voyage. After the nobles returned home to Venice,  Giovanni's father-in-law, an early investor in the colleganza, sued the guardians of Giovanni's young sons to recover not only the value of his investment, but also the usual profits from such a voyage. Despite winning the case, he was almost certainly disappointed when he did not even double his initial investment in what had been projected to be a highly lucrative enterprise. The voyage of the Loredan brothers is one of the most popular anecdotes used by historians to depict the burgeoning of a global economy during that time.

Paragraph 5: The families of Burnopfield Hall and Gibside are linked by the scandalous adventurer Andrew Robinson Stoney: in the late 1760s, Hannah Newton, daughter and heiress to the Newton family fortune, married Stoney, an Irish Lieutenant and adventurer who was stationed in Newcastle. They went to live at Colepike Hall in Lanchester, where his ill-treatment of her became a local scandal, and within a few years she died. In control of her £20,000 fortune, he set off for London, where he met the widowed Countess of Strathmore, who owned the Gibside estate. Stoney eventually tricked her into marriage, and having to adopt her family name of Bowes, became the notorious Stoney Bowes. Her subsequent miserable life with him became one of the biggest scandals of the period. His story was fictionalised by William Makepeace Thackeray in The Luck of Barry Lyndon. Stanley Kubrick later adapted the novel into the 1975 film Barry Lyndon. The family at Gibside Hall eventually became the Bowes-Lyon family, one member of the family being Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. The hall itself is now owned by the National Trust. In 1815, J. M. W. Turner produced several landscapes of Gibside Hall, which are on display in the Tate Britain.

Paragraph 6: A church has stood on the current site since ca. 930 AD, built by King Athelstan in thanks for his successful conquest of Cornwall on the site of the oratory of Saint Buriana (probably founded in the 6th century). The Charter from Athelstan endowed the building of collegiate buildings and the establishment of one of the earliest monasteries in Cornwall, and was subsequently enlarged and rededicated to the saint in 1238 by Bishop William Briwere. The collegiate establishment consisted of a dean and three prebendaries. Owing to the nature of the original Charter from King Athelstan, the parish of St Buryan was long regarded as a Royal Peculiar thus falling directly under the jurisdiction of the British monarch as a separate diocese, rather than the Church. This led to several hundred years of arguments between The Crown and the Bishop of Exeter over control of the parish, which came to a head in 1327 when blood was shed in the churchyard, and in 1328 St Buryan was excommunicated by the Bishop. St Buryan was not reinstated until 1336. Only two of the King's appointed Deans appear to have actually lived in the diocese of St Buryan for more than a few months, and the combination of these factors led to the subsequent ruinous state of the church in 1473. The church was subsequently rebuilt and enlarged, the tower was added in 1501 and further expansion took place in the late 15th and 16th centuries when the bulk of the present church building were added. Further restoration of the interior took place in 1814, and the present Lady Chapel was erected in 1956. The church is currently classified as a Grade I listed building. The Deanery was annexed in 1663 to the Bishopric of Exeter after the English Civil War, however, it was again severed during the episcopacy of Bishop Harris , who thus became the first truly independent dean. The current diocese holds jurisdiction over the parishes of St Buryan, St Levan, and Sennen. St Buryan church is famous for having the heaviest peal of six bells in the world, and a recent campaign to restore the church's bells, which had fallen into disuse, has enabled all six to be rung properly for the first time in decades. The church has four 15th century misericords, two either side of the chancel, each of which shows a plain shield.

Paragraph 7: This season takes place one year after the conclusion of the Rosie Larsen case (the events of the first two seasons). Sarah Linden is brought back into her detective work when the investigation into a runaway girl leads Stephen Holder and new partner Carl Reddick to discover a string of murders which connect to a previous murder case Linden worked on. Linden is now a Transit Authority employee. Meanwhile, Ray Seward, who had been convicted in that case, is sent to death row. In the city, teenage runaways must find ways to survive, while a killer cruises the streets. Holder and Reddick continue the investigation and enter the world of the runaways, one of whom is now missing. Meanwhile, death row inmate Seward continues to impose his will on the prison and the detectives who arrested him, James Skinner and Linden. Skinner creates a task force after Linden, led to a site by a drawing, discovers 17 dead bodies in a pond. Homeless teen Rachel “Bullet” Olmstead points Holder and Reddick to a new suspect. Linden speaks with Adrian (Rowan Longworth), the drawing's creator. Seward is slipped a hidden razor blade in prison. The 7 Stars Motel and its proprietor are investigated as the site for the DVD production. Holder attempts to mediate between Linden and Reddick. Bullet helps Twitch when he gets into trouble. Seward rejects his medicine, and the guards must persuade him to take it. Holder and Linden learn a potential victim has escaped the killer. Bullet assists them to retrace the victim's steps, while also hoping to find Kallie, her missing friend. Kallie's mother, Danette, grows worried and discovers something about her boyfriend Joe. Seward gets a visit from his son's adoptive mother. Holder and Linden revisit the Seward case in hopes of finding a connection with the current one. Bullet takes Danette to Kallie's favorite hangouts. Seward asks to speak to his imprisoned father. Pastor Mike is revealed to not be who he claims to be. Bullet and Lyric get closer. Seward becomes more disturbed, while the gallows is being prepared for his execution. Pastor Mike kidnaps Linden. Holder and the police must listen to Linden/Pastor Mike's conversation via her two-way radio, which she has activated unbeknownst to Pastor Mike. Seward panics as his execution is just two days away. Bullet roams the streets, looking for Lyric, and learns about Angie Gower. Linden and Holder seek out Joe Mills after he attacks Danette. Their pursuit proves costly to everyone. With Seward's execution scheduled the next day, he desperately accepts Dale Shannon's suggestion to pray, only to learn his cellblock mate's true nature. Twitch foregoes his future modeling plans to settle down with Lyric. Linden spends Seward's remaining twelve hours with him. He allows his son Adrian to visit, but Becker denies entry. Seward admits to Linden that he arrived home after his wife's death, but quickly left. His execution occurs, despite Linden's belief that he is innocent of his wife's murder and her efforts to obtain a stay. Holder and Linden are called to another case, which has similarities to the recently solved one. Holder suspects a cop has committed all the murders. They find clues which cause Linden to deduce that Adrian Seward was the target in 2009 and not his mother. Adrian is followed home by a car whose driver he recognizes. Frantic to find Adrian, Holder and Linden voice their suspicions about Reddick to Skinner. Linden later sees a ring from the missing Kallie on Skinner's daughter's finger. She knows Skinner is the killer and must ride with him to find Adrian. Holder must race to save Linden when Adrian is found safe.

Paragraph 8: Baumgarten was first mentioned in 1200, but probably existed already in earlier times. It was originally subdivided in Ober- and Unterbaumgarten (the upper part and the lower part). In 1850, the two parts were merged into one community. Until the 19th century, it had a very rural character with farms and vineyards and it was a popular summer holiday retreat for the citizens of Vienna. Some of the richer summer guests had built nice summer residences in this area. One of them was known as the "Baumgarten Castle", which was demolished in 1890 and a school was built instead. Right opposite it is the "Baumgarten Casino" that still hosts music and dance events.

Paragraph 9: Uri Orlev was born in 1931 in Warsaw, Poland, the son of a physician. During World War II, his father was taken captive by the Russians and he lived with his mother in the Warsaw Ghetto until she was killed by the Nazis. A relative hid him and his brother in the ghetto until he was caught by the Germans and deported to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in 1943. As a prisoner in Bergen-Belsen, he wrote and recited poetry which would later be published by Yad Vashem in 2005. He survived the Holocaust and was liberated by the British Army in 1945. He and his brother emigrated to Israel and were placed in kibbutz Ginegar. They were joined by their father in 1954. After finishing high school on the kibbutz, Orlev served in the Israel Defense Forces as an infantryman. Upon completing his regular military service, Orlev returned to the kibbutz and began working in the cowsheds. He continued to serve as a reservist and subsequently fought in the Suez Crisis, Six-Day War, and Yom Kippur War.

Paragraph 10: Paul Morse (Lee) and Karen Cooper (Blair) are about to get married in Seattle. During his bachelor party, Paul has a chat with one of the dancers at the party, Becky Jackson (Stiles), and they find that they have an affinity for each other. Paul wakes up the next morning and is terrified to see Becky in the bed next to him. Assuming they slept together, Paul rushes Becky out of his apartment and hopes never to see her again. He tries to cover up the connection for the few days before the wedding. Unfortunately, Becky unexpectedly shows up around town and turns out to be Karen's cousin. Even worse, Becky's malicious ex-boyfriend cop Ray Donovan (Munro) had Becky followed and photographed. Becky and Paul meet again to steal those pictures from Ray's apartment. Further problems arise with family and friends consistently showing up at the wrong times. Crabs, dirty underwear in the toilet tank, a horny best friend, and a best man/brother who is in love with the bride all provide for a week of wedding preparation hijinks. Through the snowballing of all his implausible lies and half-truths, Paul receives corroboration and support from an unexpected corner; what seems to be a coordinated network of other men, including friends, complete strangers and, to Paul's astonishment, Karen's own father; all who give the same explanation: "It's a guy thing".

Paragraph 11: In a tale collected from a teller in Hsarat with the Lebanese title Quray‘ ("The Bald One"), a widowed king remarries and his new wife brings her two sons with her. The king's own son goes to school with his step-brothers, and excels at it, unlike his lazy step-brothers. The prince's stepmother wants to get rid of her stepson, and consults with an old woman neighbour ways to kill him: first, she digs up a hole in the front porch and covers it with a carpet; next, she gives him a dish of poisoned food. However, the prince is warned of the dangers by his pet horse: to escape from the hole, he lets one of his step-brothers fall into the trap as part of their play; to avoid the poisoned dish, he exchanges his own plate for his step-brother's. Failing on both occasions and losing her two sons, she plans to kill the prince's horse. After returning from school, the prince goes to talk to his horse, and the animal tells him his stepmother is feigning illness and asked for the blood of a horse with white marks on its legs. Advised by the horse, the prince then asks his father to indulge on a simple request: to be able to ride the animal one last time. The prince seizes the opportunity and gallops away to another kingdom, where he finds work as the royal gardener's assistany, under the moniker of Quray'. One day, while the monarch is away from the palace, Quray' burns one of the hairs from his horse's tail and summons it for a ride around the garden - an event witnessed by the princess. He uproots the trees to plant new ones, and dismisses his horse. The royal gardener appears at the garden to punish Quray', but the princess vouches for the latter. Some time later, the princess tells the king she wants to marry, and the king summons all of the tribe's eligible bachelors so that the princess will choose her suitor by throwing an apple at them. The princss, not seeing, Quray', withholds the golden apple, until the youth is brought to the assembled crowd. The princess chooses Quray' and moves out with him to a shabby house. Later, the king falls ill, and only gazelle meat can cure him. Quray' is given a lame mount to quest for king's remedy, but summons his loyal horse and hunts some carcasses. He is met en route to the palace by the king's soldiers, and agrees to sell them the carcasses, in exchange for them being branded on their flanks. Later, war breaks out, and Quray' rides into battle to combat the enemy army three times. On the third time, he is injured on his finger, which the king bandages, then he returns to his shabby hut, still in his princely garments. Some servants go to the hut to bring food for the princess, and report back to the king she is with another man, not the lowly Quray'. The king himself goes to investigate the matter and is shown Quray's bandaged finger.

Paragraph 12: A total of 10 teams entered the 2006 World Cup competition. The competition was composed of three rounds. Australia and New Zealand entered the competition directly in the Second Round. The other 10 teams were divided in two groups of five teams each, and played against each other once. In the Second Round buckled surprise. Australia drew 2–2 with the Solomon Islands, which combined with other results put that team ahead of New Zealand in the standings and meaning that the Solomon Islands qualified for the final playoff rather than the expected New Zealand. On 22 July 2005, Guus Hiddink was announced by FIFA as the new national coach. This announcement came after intense speculation by the Australian media over potential candidates and even a premature announcement from Hiddink himself. After some initial training sessions with the Australian team in the Netherlands, his first campaign as national coach resulted in an 11–1 aggregate win over the Solomon Islands in the OFC Qualifying Tournament Final. The remaining task for Hiddink and Australia was the Oceania-South America playoff against the fifth placed team from the CONMEBOL Qualifying Tournament for a place in the World Cup. Australia, ranked #49, then moved on to play 18th ranked Uruguay in a rematch of the qualifying matches in 2001. Again, there was a huge contrast in preparation. Australia had only two recent qualifying matches, against #138 Solomon Islands, only three days apart. Uruguay's preparation had included four qualifying matches, in the previous two months, including: beaten #26 Colombia, drawn with #33 Ecuador, and beaten #4 Argentina. Uruguay defeated Australia 1–0 in Montevideo on 12 November 2005, after a header from Dario Rodriguez. Australia had the better of their Uruguayan opponents for a lot of the match, but they could not capitalise on their opportunities. In Sydney, on 16 November for the second leg of the qualifying series and in front of 82,698 fans at Telstra Stadium,  Australia led Uruguay 1–0 after 90 minutes following a goal by Mark Bresciano in the first half. The aggregate was tied, and extra time was played. Neither team scored after two periods of extra time, bringing the game to a penalty shootout. Australia won the penalty shootout 4–2, making Australia the only team to ever qualify for a World Cup via a penalty shootout. Australian goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer made two saves and John Aloisi scored the winning penalty. The resulting win led to scenes of celebration across the country, as  the Socceroos qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany, their first qualification in 32 years.

Paragraph 13: In the beginning of season three, Ben gives Juliet the task of interrogating Jack, while Kate and Sawyer are kept in cages. In the season 3 episode "Exposé", Ben and Juliet enter a Dharma station, the Pearl, and watch Jack on a monitor. Ben tells Juliet he will convince Jack to perform surgery on him. After Goodwin dies, Ben shows Juliet the corpse, so she knows she is Ben's and will be on the Island forever. He admits to Jack about having a tumor on his spine, and asks him to remove it in order for him to leave the Island. During the surgery he wakes up, where Jack refuses to finish until Kate and Sawyer are safely away from the Others. After they escape, Ben's operation is finished. He returns to the Barracks with the rest of the Others, and Jack in tow. When John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) comes to rescue Jack, he and Ben have a confrontation. Ben tells Locke of a "magic box" which can produce whatever someone wishes for and shows him his father, Anthony Cooper (Kevin Tighe), who they are holding captive and was brought to the Island because of the box. Ben offers Locke the opportunity to join the Others, but only if he kills Cooper; Ben knows he won't kill in cold blood, and so makes the offer as a way to humiliate Locke. Locke returns a few days later with Cooper's corpse, having used Sawyer to do the deed for him, so Ben takes him to meet Jacob. When Ben discovers Locke can hear Jacob, he shoots Locke and leaves him for dead. He returns to the Others' camp, and tells Richard, now his second-in-command, to lead the remaining Others to the Temple. Ben takes Alex with him as he attempts to prevent Jack from sending a radio message to a nearby freighter. He reunites Alex with her mother, and claims if Jack contacts the freighter, every single person on the Island will die. Ben is beaten and taken hostage, and forced to watch as the freighter is contacted.

Paragraph 14: On 8 August, the Allies launched their own offensive, known as the Hundred Days Offensive, around Amiens. The 11th Battalion did not take part in the opening phase of the offensive, moving to Hamel and establishing themselves in a defensive position around Harbonnieres. On 10 August, the battalion was committed to a strong attack around Lihons; although successful, the attack lasted three days and resulted in heavy casualties, including 58 killed and 140 wounded. On the night of 12/13 August, the 11th was withdrawn to the support line just behind the front. Later, they were moved to Vaire and then Cerisy, before supporting the 9th and 12th Battalions around Chuignolles and Proyart on 23 August and then around Chuignes and Cappy two days later, where further losses were experienced.  The 11th Battalion's final attack came against the Hindenburg Outpost Line on 18 September when they launched a three-company attack around Fervaque Farm and Carpeza Copse near Villeret. Despite being severely understrength – each company had an average strength of just 76 men – they advanced over  and took over 120 prisoners and large quantities of German equipment, for the loss of 18 men killed. Further casualties came on 24 October when German aircraft attacked the battalion headquarters, killing a number of officers, including Darnell, who was the acting commanding officer. The heavy casualties that the Australians had suffered during the final year of the war, and the decrease in volunteers arriving from Australia, meant that the battalion was desperately understrength. In October, they were withdrawn from the line for rest and reorganisation, at the insistence of the Australian prime minister, Billy Hughes. At this time, the battalion was reorganised into a two-company structure. In early November, the battalion prepared to return to the front around St. Quentin, but before they could return to the fighting, an armistice came into effect, bringing the war to an end.

Paragraph 15: Posselt compensated Andizibi with a payment of blankets and "some other articles". As the bird on its pedestal was too heavy for him to carry, he hacked it off and hid the pedestal with the intention of returning later to retrieve it. He subsequently sold his bird to Cecil Rhodes, who mounted it in the library of his Cape Town house, Groote Schuur, and decorated the house's stairway with wooden replicas. Rhodes also had stone replicas made, three times the size of the original, to decorate the gates of his house in England near Cambridge. A German missionary came to own the pedestal of one bird, which he sold to the Ethnological Museum in Berlin in 1907. 

Paragraph 16: Other Davis movies include a sequel to Shaft that included the return of both Samuel L. Jackson and Richard Roundtree; the Academy Award-Nominated animated Ferdinand, directed by Carlos Saldanha; five time Oscar-nominated director David O. Russell's biographical comedy-drama Joy (2015), starring Jennifer Lawrence, Robert De Niro, and Bradley Cooper, for 20th Century Fox; a big screen version of the 1960s TV series The Man from U.N.C.L.E., starring Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer, for Warner Bros.; Victor Frankenstein, a re-imagining of the horror classic Frankenstein, starring Daniel Radcliffe and James McAvoy for Fox; the sci-fi thriller I, Robot, starring Will Smith; the Jim Carrey starrer Mr. Popper's Penguins; Norbit, a comedy starring Eddie Murphy for DreamWorks/Paramount Pictures; the blockbuster The Firm, starring Tom Cruise; ; the Garfield franchise series voiced by Bill Murray for Fox; Waterworld, starring Kevin Costner; the Eddie Murphy comedy Daddy Day Care; Predator, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger; the Jack Lemmon/Walter Matthau trilogy Out to Sea, Grumpy Old Men, and Grumpier Old Men; Behind Enemy Lines, starring Owen Wilson and Gene Hackman; Predator 2, John Woo's Paycheck, starring Ben Affleck and Uma Thurman, for Paramount Pictures; and Alien vs. Predator, an action thriller combining the two iconic cinematic aliens, among many others.

Paragraph 17: Duty at Ceredo and in the Kanawha Valley, W. Va., to December 10, 1861. Moved to Parkersburg, W. Va., December 10, thence to New Creek, W. Va., February, 1862. Linn Creek, Logan County, February 8. Duty at New Creek until May. Joined Milroy's Brigade May 2. Battle of McDowell May 8. Near Franklin May 10–12 and May 26. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. At Strasburg June 20-July 5. Advance to Luray July 5–11. Moved to Sperryville July 11, thence to Woodville July 22, and duty there until August 9. Battle of Cedar Mountain August 9. Cedar Run August 10 Pope's Campaign in Northern Virginia August 16-September 2. Fords of the Rappahannock August 20–23. Freeman's Ford, Hazel River, August 22. Johnson's Ford August 22. Waterloo Bridge August 24–25. Gainesville August 28. Groveton August 29. During the Second Battle of Bull Run on August 30, the regiment was sent by Gen. Milroy to link up with an Ohio infantry regiment to try to provide support for other units attempting to hold Gen. Stonewall Jackson's line at the unfinished railroad tracks just down from Henry Hill. The units became lost and ended up right in the middle of Jackson's line. After a short skirmish, the 5th West Virginia pulled back to regroup. Eventually they were directed to try to support the Union troops trying to hold Henry Hill, with Gen. Milroy waving his saber in a desperate attempt to stop the tide of soldiers escaping the tremendous onslaught reigning down on them from the Confederates. Duty in the Defenses of Washington, D.C., until September 29. Moved to Beverly, W. Va., September 29-October 9. Parkersburg October 10. Duty at Ceredo until March, 1863. Scouting Little Kanawha and east side of Big Sandy Rivers. Ordered to Wayne Court House March. Hurricane Creek March 28. At Charlestown, Barboursville, Hurricane Bridge and other points in the Kanawha Valley until April, 1864. Scammon's demonstration from the Kanawha Valley December 8–25, 1863. Crook's Raid on the Virginia & Tennessee Railroad May 2–19, 1864. Rocky Gap May 6. Battle of Cloyd's Mountain May 9. New River Bridge May 10. Blacksburg May 10. Union May 12. Meadow Bluff May 24. Hunter's Expedition to Lynchburg May 26-July 1. Lexington June 11–12. Buchanan June 14. Otter Creek June 16. Diamond Hill June 17. Lynchburg June 17–18. Buford's Gap June 19. Salem June 21. Moved to the Shenandoah Valley July 13–15. Kablestown July 19. Battle of Kernstown, Winchester, July 23–24 Martinsburg July 25. Sheridan's Shenandoah Valley Campaign August 6-November 1. Strasburg August 15. Summit Point August 24. Halltown August 2. Berryville September 3. Battle of Opequan, Winchester, September 19. Fisher's Hill September 22. Battle of Cedar Creek October 19. Veterans of the regiment were consolidated with 9th West Virginia Infantry November 9, 1864, to form the 1st West Virginia Veteran Volunteer Infantry Regiment.

Paragraph 18:  is a teenage boy in high school, contracted by Easter to find the Embryo. He often helps Amu even though he works for Easter. Ikuto actually despises Easter and tries to wrench himself free from them by trying to find the Embryo to grant that wish. He possesses the Dumpty Key which pairs with Amu's Humpty Lock which at first did not fit in the keyhole. Like his father, Ikuto is a skilled violinist. He is the current owner of the Dumpty Key, which originally belonged to Aruto, his father, although Tadase's father had it for a little while. His father is presumed to be dead, but Ikuto refuses to believe it and has set out to find him. As her status as the only daughter of the past president of the Easter Company, his mother was forced to marry the company's director after her husband's violin was found in a foreign country. From her second marriage, she bound her children to working for Easter. Ikuto's personality is aloof, mysterious, and a little naughty. He likes teasing people, especially Amu and Tadase. He is also the older brother of Utau Hoshina. As the series goes on, he grows very strong feelings for Amu—he confessed that he loves her in the same chapter Tadase does, although she believes he is teasing her. He later surrenders himself to Easter, not wanting to get anyone else involved in the mess he made. In the manga timeline, it is shown he character transforms with a new black Guardian Egg to become Death Rebel, shocking Amu. In chapter 38, he character transforms with Yoru and the black egg into Seven Seas Treasure. In chapter 39; it is said that Ikuto may have two eggs, one is possibly still inside him. In one of the later chapters, Ikuto calls Amu "princess" and she replies by asking him to thank her for making him get back to normal. Ikuto swears that this time he will be the one to protect her. In chapter 43, Ikuto confesses to Amu he will never see her again as he is going to search for his father. Ikuto returns for Yukari Sanjo and Yuu Nikaidou's wedding. Amu is very happy and relieved to see him. He promises that he will show Amu sides of him that she has not seen, but only when he returns for her when she is older. Later he kisses her on the nose. At the wedding Ikuto and Amu are seen holding hands and Amu says she knows she can reach the future without letting go of his hand.  He is portrayed by KENN in the musical.

Paragraph 19: The principle of the Soviet attack in the Sinimäed was an overwhelming frontal shock, with only a few of the attackers presumed to have reached the target. With artillery fire preventing reinforcements being sent in from the German rear, the Soviet 8th Army went on the attack and drove a wedge into the north flank of the 11th Infantry Division. The Soviet main tactical goal, the Grenadier Hill, was to be assaulted by the 6,000 troops of the 109th Rifle Corps. The 109th Rifle Division attacked Nederland, which was covering the hill from the north. The 120th Rifle Division hit the Grenadier Hill from the east. The 72nd Rifle Division assaulted the II Battalion, 3rd Estonian Regiment, which was defending the northern flank. The 117th Rifle Corps stood ready to break through the last of the German defenses. The Orphanage Hill fell to the Soviets with the 191st Rifle Regiment at the head of the attack. This unit suffered great casualties from the fire of the last defenders who in turn were either killed or forced to the Grenadier Hill. With the seizure of the Orphanage Hill, the Soviet 201st and the 256th Rifle Divisions were exhausted, as the 109th Rifle Division continued to press towards the Grenadier Hill alone. The defenders were commanded by Josef Bachmeier, the head of the II Battalion, Norge. The 1st and 2nd Battalions, 3rd Estonian subordinated to Bachmeier had 20 to 30 men each. For the defense of the Grenadier Hill, every available Estonian was sent into battle, including communications personnel. The central command post was destroyed by Soviet fire while the Germans, Flemish, Norwegians and Estonians escaped destruction by lying down in their bunkers. Behind them at the summit of the Grenadier Hill stood Nederland. The gaps created in the attacking infantry and tank line by the German artillery did not stop the Soviet advance.

Paragraph 20: In November 1997, Australian National was sold and the passenger cars passed to Great Southern Rail Limited, which contracted National Rail to haul the services with NR class locomotives. On occasions, BL and 93 class locomotives hauled the service. In July 1998, the Wednesday and Saturday night journeys in each direction were cancelled, leaving the service operating five times per week in each direction. In May 1999, a new timetable was introduced but with previous intermediate stops omitted at Stawell, Murtoa, Nhill, Kaniva, Wolseley, Tintinara, Coonalpyn and Tailem Bend. In 1999, the maroon and silver livery was removed and the train was repainted in a new grey and silver scheme, with a new kookaburra logo. In May 2000, the service was reduced to four times weekly. However, with an accelerated journey time of 10 hours 30 minutes, the service was able to be operated by one set of passenger cars, operating to Melbourne in the day and to Adelaide overnight. Some of the largest Overland consists were run during this era; during the 2002 AFL finals, in which both the Adelaide Crows and Port Adelaide Power were competing, The Overland was built up to a record 32 carriages for the Preliminary Final round on 21 September.

Paragraph 21: The Emirate is largely inhabited by Hausa\Fulani, Beriberi, Karai-Karai, Lerawa and Badawa. The prominent among them are the Hausa\Fulani and Beriberi who are said to be friendly and accommodating to visitors. These people are easily identified when they appear in the common apparel worn by old men such as big-flowing gowns with inner jumper and long trousers with long red caps with turbans to match while the young ones go in Kaftans, long sleeve shirts, long trousers with embroidery and ‘Zanna’ caps. The women simply wear long wrappers, blouses, hijabs {and sometimes even niqab} and another big wrapper to cover up in an Islamic fashion. According to history, Katagum was founded in 1830 by the family of Mallam Lawal who was the father of the first and second Emirs of Katagum; Mallam Bunni who was the senior brother of Mallam Zaki who history said was the first person to settle in Katagum town after his father, Mallam Lawan had died at Yayu village near Chinade. Another version of the history said that Mallam Lawan first settled at Nafada in Gombe Emirate and later moved down to Yayu where he gave birth to a son who was later to be known famously as Zaki. After the death of his father, Mallam Lawan went to Sokoto to meet the then famous Islamic cleric, Shehu Usman Dan Fodio to receive a flag of office in 1814 and remained there until 1809AD when he graduated from the Islamic school of Usman Dan Fodio. He later moved to a village called Tashena, which is about nine kilometers from the present Katagum. He reigned as the Emir between 1807 and 1814. After his death, he was succeeded by his brother, Suleiman Adandaya who reigned from 1814 to 1816. According to history, the third Emir of Katagum was Mallam Dankauwa who was regarded as a very powerful man. He had about 4000 horsemen and 20000 foot soldiers with whom he fought many wars and he reigned between 1816 and 1846. It was during his period that the Fulani herdsmen migrated into the Emirate from different parts of the Northern region.

Paragraph 22: Brisbane has a lower inner city population density than Australia's two largest cities, Sydney and Melbourne. The lower population density reflects the fact that most of Brisbane's housing stock formerly consisted of detached houses. Early legislation decreed a minimum size for residential blocks resulting in few terrace houses being constructed. The high density housing that did exist came in the form of miniature Queenslander-style houses which resemble the much larger traditional styles but are sometimes only 1/4 the size. Commonly they were called "workers cottages". Many of the residences in the area are still the original and distinctive workers cottages, which are frequently built on stumps owing to the steep nature of their blocks. Most of the blocks are 16 perch (405 square metres) in size though 24 perch (607 square metres) and 32 perch (809 square metres) are common though typical to all blocks the houses tend to be at the front of the block close to the street. There has been a tendency, mainly by real estate agents for selling purposes to label these houses "Queenslanders" and though they do exist in the area the vast majority of houses are the small wooded 2 or 3 bedroom "workers cottages" with front verandas. These houses are all wood as the material was cheap in south east Queensland. The houses usually had "hopper" windows, high ceilings, vertical internal "VJ" wall boards and wooden floors covered in linoleum floor covering. They were usually on wooden stumps with wooden vertical palings between the stumps. The height of the stumps, and how high off the ground the house was depended not so much on utilising the underneath of the house area but rather on the angle of the block or how likely the area was to flood. The houses were also raised to allow air to circulate freely underneath thereby reducing the internal temperature of the house in the summer months. Roofs were traditionally of corrugated iron.

Paragraph 23: Suzume Katagura (Juri Ueno) is an ordinary housewife whose spouse is sent overseas on business. She keeps regular contact by phone, but is more concerned with the welfare of his pet turtle, Taro. She dreams of being able to escape from her mundane existence one day. On one occasion, she accidentally floods her apartment, causing her to send in a plumber. Her best friend, Kujaku Ogitani (Yū Aoi) leads a much more interesting life than her and still wants more, namely a husband in Paris with a house with a view of the Eiffel Tower. Later on, while she is on some steep steps, a cart filled with apples accidentally unloads, prompting her to duck, and notice a tiny flyer advertising for spies wanted. After trying (and failing) to make her life more interesting, she replies to the advert and goes into a ramshackle home to meet the spy masters, unemployed couple Shizuo Kugitani (Ryō Iwamatsu) and Etsuko Kugitani (Eri Fuse), who work for an organization that is never referred to by name. They instruct her that her job is to remain completely boring and ordinary. She has this re-iterated to her when she buys a pair of sunglasses to make herself feel more like a spy. At one point, Suzume meets Kujaku in line for a chance to spin a wheel and win marvelous prizes (including a trip to France, hence Kujaku's excitement). While they miss out on a trip to France, they do win a fishing trip, which Suzume is more excited about than Kujaku. Suzume explains that she can never say "no" to Kujaku, because, when they were young, Kujaku cut off the power in the village so that Suzume could see her childhood sweetheart, Kato, in his pajamas, electrocuting herself in the process. The fishing trip is cut short when a body is discovered in the water. An unnamed group takes notice of the fact that the corpse did not belong to a Japanese, and was probably a spy, which starts an investigation to look for more spies. Meanwhile, Suzume meets Kato only to discover, to her horror, that he is bald. While he meets her again the next day, his son comes looking for him, takes him away, and he is never seen again. Eventually, the spies are contacted by the government of their group, who instruct them to return to their country. Suzume is told to say goodbye to all of her friends and family, as she may never see them again. However, Kujaku is missing, and the mysterious group appear outside her door. As Suzume prepares to throw her old life away (symbolized by throwing Taro the Turtle into the river), she sees Kato's son drowning in the river, and as an instinct reaction, rescues him. Witnesses report their statement to the news, and soon artist's impressions of her face appears all over the news. When the order is given for the spies to return, the mysterious group are already patrolling the streets, making escape impossible. To make sure her fellow spies can return safely, Suzume cuts the power in the same fashion that Kujaku did when they were young. When the spies all finally meet at the rendezvous point, Shizou tells Suzume that the government say it would be best for her to remain at home. An old lady on a bench (previously referred to as a "bench hag") reveals herself to be the leader of the operation, and opens a trap door beneath her bench. Suzume waves goodbye to everyone as they walk inside. Suzume then explains that Kujaku got her wish of living in France with a view of the Eiffel Tower, as she has been arrested for espionage in a prison overlooking the tower. The film ends with Suzume walking into the distance to rescue her friend.

Paragraph 24: On March 31, 1942, the Vichy government issued a decree demanding the creation of a local Jewish government called the Union Générale des Israélites d’Algérie (UGIA). The UGIA was intended to be a body of Jews that would execute the Vichy regulations within Jewish communities, and was seen by much of the Jewish population as collaboration with the government. In response, many young Jews joined the Algerian resistance movement, which itself had been founded by Jews in 1940. On November 8, 1942, the Algerian resistance to the Vichy government took part in the takeover of Algiers in preparation for the Allied liberation of North Africa, known as "Operation Torch." Of the 377 resistance members who took Algiers, 315 were Jewish. In November 1942, Allied forces landed and took control of Algiers and the rest of Algeria. However, Jews were not returned all of their former civil rights and liberties, nor their French citizenships until 1943. This can partially be explained by the fact that Giraud himself, along with the Governor-General Marcel Peyrouton, in promulgating the cancellation of Vichy statutes on March 14, 1943, after the allies landed in North Africa, retained exceptionally the decree abolishing citizenship rights for Algerian Jews, claiming that they did not wish to incite violence between the Jewish and Muslim communities in Algiers. It was not until the arrival of Charles De Gaulle in October 1943 that Jewish Algerians finally regained their French citizenship with the reinstatement of the Crémieux Decree.

Paragraph 25: Both the left and right hemisphere have brain structures associated with spoken and signed languages. Spoken and signed languages both depend on the same cortical substrate.  This shows that the left hemisphere is responsible for processing all facets of language, not just speech. The neural organization underlying sign language abilities, however, has more in common with that of spoken language than it does with the neural organization underlying visuospatial processing, which is processed dominantly in the right hemisphere. Those patients with left hemisphere damage (LHD), in areas ranging from the frontal lobe to the occipital lobe, exhibited both Broca’s and Wernicke’s aphasia symptoms. Patients performed poorly on many language-based tasks such as comprehending signs and sentences and fluently signing. Similar to hearing patients’ “slips of the tongue” after LHD, deaf LHD patients experienced paraphasias, or “slips of the hand.” These slips of the hand usually involve an incorrect hand shape in the correct location and with the correct movement, similar to a hearing patient substituting “bline” or “gine” for “fine.” Some right hemisphere damage does lead to disruptions in sign languages, however. The topographical use of signing space is often imprecise in patients with RHD; the relation between the location of hands in signing space and the location of objects in physical space is often impaired. Rather than being misunderstood, however, subjects and objects in a sentence may simply be placed incorrectly relative to the other subjects and objects in a sentence, like saying “the pencil is in the book” rather than, “the pencil is on top of the book.” Around the time of the experiment, theories began to float around the community that there may be an unexplained involvement of the right hemisphere in signed languages not seen in spoken languages. These theories were also adopted by signed language linguists and further imaging studies and neuropsychological testing confirmed the presence of activity in the right hemisphere. Prior right hemisphere studies on spoken languages has led to prevailing theories in its role in discourse cohesion and prosody. The right hemisphere has been proposed to assist in detection, processing and discrimination of visual movement. The right hemisphere has also been shown to play a role in the perception of body movements and positions. All of these right hemisphere features are more prominent for signed languages than spoken languages, hence the argument that signed languages engage the right hemisphere more than spoken languages.

Paragraph 26: The video begins with Ciara putting her Goodies CD in a radio, setting it to the "1, 2 Step" track, and pressing the play button. As the song begins, you see Jazze Pha reciting the introduction, featuring Elliott, and then finally Ciara herself. We see Ciara and her dancers, dancing in the Atlanta dance studio, and certain shots of her teaching her female friend the "1, 2 Step". We then see a clip of Ciara meeting up with B5 and performing the "1, 2 Step". Later, Ciara is seen dancing alone on the streets. While dancing at the studio, she looks behind her, and sees Elliott in the mirror, says she is just looking things. Then Elliott begins to rap her verse and they continue dancing with each other in front of the mirror, until the songs ends. During this time, we also see shots of Ciara teaching a group of young girls the dance and also, she meets a boy who is standing in front of his house and kind of gives him a flirtatious look. We also see four skaters, three male, and one female skater, skating in the streets and a last shot of Ciara and her dancers.

Paragraph 27: The square symmetrical  towers are in the neoclassical style, resembling tall pavilions rather than towers, with each facade pedimented and the whole surmounted by a cupola decorated with blind windows interspersed by Ionic columns. At ground floor level two unfluted ionic columns at each corner support a decorative cornice. The columns are decorative only, and appear to serve no structural purpose. The design of the towers creates the impression that the building was once more of a miniature cathedral than a parish church.  However, the main body of the church was small and occupied the (now empty) site between the two towers. It was a single storey structure with a simple hipped roof and entrance porticos at its centre.  This was the part of Adam's church which was demolished in 1870. The remaining towers are Grade I listed and a scheduled monument.

Paragraph 28: Kalomira performed in Thessaloniki’s FOCUS from July 8 to August 14. While entertaining audiences by night, she was recording her first album by day. Outside of Greece, Kalomira has appeared on NBC’s "Today Show" and "Access Hollywood" during the events of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, UPN's Greek Parade where she sang live and was interviewed, Fox News, was in the "Washington Post", "Newsday" and "New York Times" and most currently featured on Oprah for her Eurovision Performance, along with a number of other shows and websites. On September 1, 2004, Kalomira released her 15-track first album Kalomira, which went gold. She then toured Greece accompanied by the rest of the "Fame Story" participants with appearances in Athens's "Thalassa". In the same year, she closed her season at the REX studio with Despina Vandi and Thanos Petrelis. Kalomira received good reviews from critics and was awarded "Woman of the Year – Best Newcomer" by Life and Style magazine. Also in 2004, she had a minor credited role in the longest-running Greek TV drama series Lampsi, playing the part of Jennifer Drakou for 30 episodes, where veteran director Nikos Foskolos compared her to Aliki Vougiouklaki. Also, Kalomira performed twice in Herodium theatre like a surprise cake for Dionysis Savvopoulos's birthday and she sang Marilyn Monroe's song, "Happy Birthday Mr. President".

Paragraph 29: As part of the reregistration process, the U.S. EPA reviewed all toxicity studies on vinclozolin. The main effect induced by vinclozolin is related to its antiandrogenic activity and its ability to act as a competitive antagonist of the androgen receptor.  Vinclozolin can mimic male hormones, like testosterone, and bind to androgen receptors, while not necessarily activating those receptors properly. There is evidence that vinclozolin itself binds weakly to the androgen receptor but that at least two of its metabolites are responsible for much of the antiandrogenic activity. When male rats were given low dose levels (>3 mg/kg/day) of vinclozolin, effects such as decreased prostate weight, weight reduction in sex organs, nipple development, and decreased ano-genital distance were noted. At higher dose levels, male sex organ weight decreased further, and sex organ malformations were seen, such as reduced penis size, the appearance of vaginal pouches and hypospadias. In the rat model, it has been shown that the antiandrogenic effects of vinclozolin are most prominent during the developmental stages. In utero, this sensitive period of fetal development occurs between gestation days 16-17.  Embryonic exposure to vinclozolin can influence sexual differentiation, gonadal formation, and reproductive functions. In bird models, vinclozolin and its metabolites were shown in vitro and in vivo to inhibit androgen receptor binding and gene expression. Vinclozolin caused reduced egg laying, reduced fertility rate, and a reduction in successful hatches. Androgens also play a role in puberty, and it has been shown an antiandrogen like vinclozolin can delay pubertal maturation. Antiandrogenic toxins are also known to alter sexual differentiation and reproduction in the rabbit model. Male rabbits exposed to vinclozolin in utero or during infancy did not show a sexual interest in females or did not ejaculate. Since the androgen receptor is widely conserved across species lines, antiandrogenic effects would be expected in humans.

Paragraph 30: After World War II the cemetery was returned to the Jewish Kultusgemeinde after tough negotiations, but the destroyed part had to be given to the city in exchange. Thereupon, the city decided to develop the plot of land that had been cheaply acquired as grassland; it then constructed the "Arthur Schnitzler-Hof", a Plattenbau from the 1960s. Meanwhile, the rapid deterioration of the cemetery began, as the Jewish Kultusgemeinde could not afford to preserve it. Even after the Republic of Austria obliged itself in 2001, in the Washington Agreement, to render assistance for the preservation and restoration of Jewish cemeteries, no steps were taken towards the preservation of this cemetery. The Republic of Austria's payments to the Jewish Kultusgemeinde for the upkeep of Jewish cemeteries are used for the preservation of the two Jewish sections of the Zentralfriedhof, and as such, there are hardly any funds available for the maintenance of the Jewish Cemetery in Währing. Even after the declaration by the Vienna Restitution Commissioner Kurt Scholz that usage of the site as a park would be enabled, only a few rotten trees were felled. Following calls by the Vienna Greens for a clean-up of the cemetery, at the end of February 2006 the city councillor responsible for city finances at the time, Sepp Rieder (Social Democratic Party), suggested as a solution a foundation, in which the federation, the city and private donors would have a stake. However, in June 2006 the mayor, Michael Häupl, called on the federal government to pay for the repairs, describing any possible contribution on the part of the states as a "voluntary contribution" at most. Concrete steps were therefore not taken. As no further maintenance of the tree population was undertaken, further gravestones were destroyed through wind damage (see Kyrill (storm)). In early 2007, the Jewish Kultusgemeinde estimated the cost of repairing the cemetery at 14 million euros and planned to turn the caretaker's house into a meeting house. In January 2007, along with the Educult institute, the Jewish Kultusgemeinde started an initiative that envisaged the publishing of a book and a photo calendar, as well as an exhibition, that would contribute to restoring the property. In addition, the until then irregular guided tours of the cemetery are now offered on a monthly basis. On 2 March 2007, the Social Democratic Party (SPÖ) and the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) finally agreed to a proposal by the Greens in the city council, that the "worst dangers and damages" on the cemetery should be cleared by the city of Vienna through the city's horticultural agency. To be able to restore and preserve the property long-term, however, the city of Vienna is relying heavily on the federation participating. The President of the National Council, Barbara Prammer, with a working group of representatives of the federation, federal states and local authorities, is planning the formulation of an all-Austrian solution.