Paragraph 1: The Celynen Collieries' Institute (1908) and Memorial Hall (1925) on High Street, are both listed buildings, the Memo being Grade II*. The Institute is unusual as the miners themselves built it, borrowing the money through a private mortgage. The Memo was built to commemorate the 75 Newbridge men who died in the First World War. It is still the focus of Armistice Day and Remembrance Sunday activities every year. The Memo contains a ballroom with a sprung dance floor and an art deco auditorium which was designed to be both a theatre and a cinema. Both buildings now provide community facilities for local groups and societies, live music and community events but are both in urgent need of repair. After the mines closed, the Institute & Memorial Hall lost its income and became a drinking club. In 2004, when the local council was considering purchasing the land for a car park, a public meeting called by local MP Don Touhig led to the formation of The Friends of Newbridge Memo who got the buildings onto the BBC2 programme Restoration. They narrowly missed winning the final but received assistance from the Heritage Lottery Fund to begin the long process of raising money to restore both buildings. After a development grant was awarded by the Heritage Lottery Fund in summer 2009, Cadw and Caerphilly County Borough Council are actively supporting the scheme and the Big Lottery awarded £500,000 in December 2009. In July 2010 it was announced that the Heritage Lottery would grant the project £2.9 million to restore the buildings.

Paragraph 2: Just six hours later, the depression strengthened into a tropical storm, and was given the name Epsilon. The name Epsilon comes from the Greek Alphabet backup naming lists for the NHC, which was only used for two seasons, the other being the 2005 season. Despite the center of the storm becoming exposed, convective banding over the northern and eastern parts of the system improved. This made the system take on the appearance of having a hybrid-type structure, resembling a subtropical cyclone in appearance. Situated within an area of moderate vertical wind shear and warm sea surface temperatures, further strengthening occurred. Later that same day, a new convective cluster near the center returned Epsilon to a more tropical appearance. However, ASCAT data depicted an asymmetrical wind radius, with gale-force winds extending northward  from the center. Early on October 20, water vapor imagery showed Epsilon interacting with a dissipating cold front to its north and a negatively-titled (oriented northwest to southeast) upper-level trough from the south. Around this time, a dry slot formed within the eastern portion of the storm, weakening convective banding. The cloud pattern of Epsilon began to resemble an occluded extratropical low, with an inner-core tropical feature evident. The system began to move northward and then northwestward, making a loop over the Central Atlantic, due to its smaller circulation interacting with its upper-level cyclonic flow. Later that day, the system began to be affected by southwesterly vertical wind shear, due to the upper-level trough to its southwest, though it retained its hybrid-type structure. However, late that same day, wind shear calmed and dry air was mixed out of the cyclone, allowing the cyclone's structure to improve, with deep convection wrapping tightly around the center, as a small central dense overcast (CDO) became visible on satellite imagery. Even while battling weak-to-moderate deep-layer wind shear and some mid-level dry air, an eye-like feature started to become evident on visible and microwave imagery, giving Epsilon a more tropical structure, compared to its earlier hybrid appearance. Around this time, Epsilon underwent a period of rapid intensification, with sustained winds increasing by  within a 24-hour period. At 03:00 UTC the next day, the NHC upgraded the strengthening tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane, while it was located roughly  east-southeast of Bermuda. However, the eastern and southern sides of the eyewall were rather thin, even as Epsilon shifted west-northwestward, due to a mid-tropospheric ridge located north of the cyclone. Despite this, just a few hours later, microwave imagery showed a closed eyewall with deep convection enclosing the center, with a  eye visible. Around this time, Epsilon briefly shifted westward, before returning to its previous northwestward movement. At 18:00 UTC that same day, the Air Force Reserve Hurricane Hunters investigated the cyclone, finding flight-level and surface winds of around , marking the storm's intensification into a high-end Category 2 hurricane. The reconnaissance aircraft also discovered a stadium-effect eye.

Paragraph 3: In the fall of 2016, WhatsApp spread fake news that impacted votes critical to Colombian history. One of the lies spreading rapidly through WhatsApp was that Colombian citizens would receive less pension so former guerrilla fighters would get money. The misinformation initially began in a question to whether WhatsApp users approved of the peace accord deal between the national government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) or did not. The peace accord would end five decades of war between paramilitary groups (rebel forces) and the Colombian government that resulted in millions of deaths and displaced citizens throughout the country. A powerful influence of votes was the "no" campaign, the "no" campaign was to convince citizens of Colombia to not accept the peace accord because it would be letting the rebel group off "too easily." Uribe, former president of Colombia and of the democratico party, led the "no" campaign. Santos, president in 2016 took liberal approaches during his presidency. Santos won a Nobel Peace Prize in 2016 because of his efforts towards a peace accord with rebel forces. In addition, Uribe naturally had opposing views than of Santos. Furthermore, other news spread through WhatsApp were easily misinterpreted by the public, including that Santo's scheme was to turn Colombia under harsh rule like Cuba and chaos like Venezuela (under Hugo Chávez), though the logistics were never explained. In an interview of Juan Carlos Vélez, the "no" campaign manager, he says their strategy was that "We discovered the viral power of social networks." In addition, the yes campaign also took part in spreading fake news through WhatsApp. For instance, a photoshopped image of a democratico senator Everth Bustamante spread about of him holding a sign reading "I don't want guirrellas in congress" to show hypocrisy. This would be seen as hypocritical because he was a former left wing M-19 guerrilla. The "no" campaign strongly influenced votes throughout Colombia, Yes votes strong in areas with highest number of victims and no votes in areas influenced by Uribe. In result, there were 50.2 percent of no votes compared to 49.8 percent of yes votes. The result of the fake news throughout WhatsApp included changes within WhatsApp by Journalist, Juanita Leon, who invented the WhatsApp "lie detector" in January 2017 to fight fake news within the app. Although the accord was eventually signed, the WhatsApp incident further prolonged the accord and brought controversial views among citizens.

Paragraph 4: Adam and Joe Go Tokyo was a series of eight episodes created for BBC Three (also airing in full on BBC One at a later timeslot as promotion for the new channel). It starred Adam Buxton and Joe Cornish of The Adam and Joe Show and aired from 30 May 2003 to 25 July 2003. The aim of the show was to offer an alternative insight into the lives of Tokyo's citizens, with the obligatory look at a number of gadgets and toys along the way. The show took the format of a mature Blue Peter outlining many pastimes of the average (or less so) Japanese person, everything from competitive speed eating to manga cosplay. Each episode would end with a Japanese band joining the show to perform.

Paragraph 5: Overall the WIR had a good record for discipline and effectiveness, although there were three mutinies between 1802 and 1837. A factor in these (and a weakness in the WIR during its earlier history) was that it did not always attract a high calibre of officer. Prevailing social attitudes meant that service with these regiments was not a popular option during much of the nineteenth century and many of the more capable officers saw their time with the WIR as simply a stepping stone to more sought after staff or other assignments. The attraction of colonial service was a matter of extra monetary allowances and sometimes better promotion prospects. Prior to 1914 officers had been commissioned into the WIR (as part of the British regular army) on a permanent basis. This was in contrast to colonial units such as the King's African Rifles where attachments for fixed terms were made from other regiments. However, by the end of World War I long-serving officers and non-commissioned officers, who had built up ties of mutual respect with their men, had mostly dispersed or retired and in its final years of service the WIR was also led by officers seconded from other British regiments for relatively short assignments.

Paragraph 6: From 1891-1893, the two conducted the investigations into prostitution within British camps in the colonies. At the time of Bushnell and Andrew’s visit in the early 1890s, there were around 100 military cantonments in India under the control and ownership of Great Britain. With India having the greatest British military presence at about 1000 soldiers per regiment, leaders became worried about the potential outburst of the soldiers due to the lack of a sexual outlet. When the rate of venereal diseases continued to rise alarmingly among the men stationed in India, the British government realized that it was ineffective to merely turn the other way when military men consorted with sex workers, especially when they were paying the soldiers and covering the costs of their consistent transfers and travel expenses. Thus, the Contagious Diseases Acts were instituted in 1864. Women suspected of being prostitutes or carrying venereal diseases could be arrested and sent to lock hospitals to suffer a series of traumatic experiences described by Bushnell and Andrews as follows: The concern was with the potential contamination of British troops rather than the potential spread of foreign diseases among the native population, a point which Bushnell and Andrews emphasize. The pair published The Queen’s Daughters in India, a comprehensive account of their travels throughout India, in 1899. The inspiration for the title came from the missionaries' belief that “the Queen herself must not approve of the measures, ‘for she has daughters of her own; and she cares for her daughters in India also.'" The report consists of the two reformers' descriptions of the harrowing events which took place and their seemingly miraculous entrance into the cantonments. Since the commanding officer of a cantonment has the authority to remove anyone from the garrison at any time for any reason, the women had to step carefully and be sure not to raise suspicion. Furthermore, while they never explicitly lied about their intentions in visiting, they also never explicitly stated their purpose, allowing the officers and the women in charge of running the brothels—the mahaldarnis—to assume that they were there for an evangelical or medical purpose rather than investigative.The women's efforts led to a reprimand for Lord Roberts, the Commander-in-Chief, India.

Paragraph 7: When Pennsylvania first legislated routes in 1911, what is now PA 329 was legislated as part of Legislative Route 175 from east of Northampton to Bath. By 1926, the roadway between Northampton and Bath was paved. The present route between Cementon and Bath was designated as the eastern part of PA 145 in 1928. PA 329 was designated in 1928 to run from Egypt south to US 22, US 309, PA 29, and PA 43 at 7th and Hamilton streets in Allentown. The route followed its current alignment east to Cementon, where it headed south on Coplay Road to Coplay and then continued along Mickley Pike through Whitehall Township before entering Allentown on 7th Street. In the 1930s, PA 329 was realigned to follow Seventh Street Pike (now MacArthur Road) through Whitehall Township. The Seventh Street Pike was built starting in the later part of the 1920s to provide a straight north-south road in Whitehall Township. The road between Allentown and Mickleys church was widened to three lanes in the 1930s. Also, the southern terminus was cut back to US 22, US 309, and PA 29 at Tilghman Street in Allentown in the 1930s, with US 309/PA 29 replacing the route along 7th Street between Tilghman and Hamilton streets. In 1941, PA 329 was realigned to follow its current alignment between US 309 (now PA 873) in Neffs and PA 45 (now PA 248) and PA 987 in Bath, replacing the PA 145 designation between Cementon and Bath. PA 145 was realigned to follow the former alignment of PA 329 along Seventh Street Pike and 7th Street into Allentown. Another alignment designated PA 329 branched from the route in Balliettsville and headed southeast along Mauch Chunk Road and 18th Street to US 309/PA 29 and US 309 Byp. at the intersection of 19th Street and Main Boulevard on the northern edge of Allentown. By 1950, the branch of PA 329 from Balliettsville to Allentown was decommissioned.

Paragraph 8: The outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861 disrupted mail service along the Butterfield Overland Mail's southern stagecoach route from St. Louis, Missouri via El Paso, Fort Yuma and Los Angeles and on to San Francisco via the Tejon Pass, which had begun its run in 1858. To compensate, the government contracted the Butterfield Company to carry mail between Los Angeles and San Francisco via the new wagon road over the Santa Susana Pass. The first overland mail stage run through the pass took place on April 6, 1861. The main route climbs through what is now Santa Susana Pass State Historic Park, with a branch in L.A. City Park 'Chatsworth Park South.' It was an important artery linking the Los Angeles Basin and inland Ventura County, and was part of the main route for travel by stagecoach between Los Angeles and San Francisco from 1861 until the opening of rail traffic between the cities in 1876. The Old Santa Susana Stage Road is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Part of the stage road is also a Historic-Cultural Monument of Ventura County and of the City of Los Angeles under the name 'Old Stagecoach Trail.'

Paragraph 9: In 1819 the Metropolita of Ioannina Gabriel visited the communities which suffered from the disease, and in the town he met 160 inhabitants. In a letter of Ath. Psalidis dated 12-2-1823, sent to Movrokordatos, he described the situation of the Epirus and Tessally, under the Turkish occupation, showing an armed struggle for liberation. It reports that in the town of Dobrinovo where people live, they were able to carry weapons. The town of Dobrinovo in that period used the school separated for the boys and the girls and was constructed using the aqueduct that brought water to the town and bridges that opened new roads. The inhabitants of Dobrinovo travelled a lot and became traders, but they did not forget their town and they contributed for its development. The Greek newspaper published in Constantinopolis, speaks about 1200 inhabitants in the town of Dobrinovo. Unfortunately for the town, there followed a period of economic decadence. The Balkan wars in 1912, then the First World War, blocked the trade activities that the Iliochorites had created with the countries like Bulgaria, Serbia, Montenegro, until Russia. Later with the arrival of the Spanish flu pulled down on all the towns including Dobrinovo (Iliochori) with numerous victims.

Paragraph 10: At Epsom on 15 May, Cadland started the 4/1 second favourite for the Derby in a field of fifteen runners. The Colonel, one of the leading two-year-olds of the previous season when he had easily beaten Lepanto, was made favourite at 7/2. The Colonel was trained in Yorkshire by John Scott and ridden by his brother Bill, while Cadland was ridden by his usual jockey James "Jem" Robinson. After two false starts, the race got under way with Robinson immediately sending Cadland into the lead. He set a strong pace and by the turn into the straight at Tattenham Corner, The Colonel, Zinganee, Alcaston and Omen were the only other horses left in contention. In the straight the race became a match between the first and second favourites who ran side by side throughout the final quarter mile. A furlong from the finish The Colonel gained a slight advantage, but Cadland rallied and the two colts crossed the line together. After a short delay the judge declared a dead-heat. According to the rules of the day, such a result required the horses to run again over the same course unless both of the owners agreed to divide the prize money. The Colonel's owner, Mr Petrie, declared that he had no intention of dividing and so the deciding heat took place after the next race. A description of the day in The Sporting Oracle claims the mood was one of "concentrated and absolutely astounding excitement". For the rematch, The Colonel started a slight favourite, with the view being taken that his stamina and "stouter" pedigree would be decisive. Some observers, however, noticed that Bill Scott was "nervous almost to the point of agitation" at the prospect of taking on Robinson, who was known for his excellence in closely run races. Robinson himself, by contrast, appeared calm and collected, pausing for a pinch of snuff before mounting for the rematch. Once again Cadland made the early running before The Colonel moved up to challenge him in the straight. On this occasion, however, the Northern horse was unable to get to the lead and Cadland maintained a narrow advantage throughout the closing stages to win by a margin reported as either a neck or half a length. The Sporting Magazine commented that "Such a Derby was never before seen and possibly never will again", while the racing historian John Orton claimed that "Two finer races were never before seen".

Paragraph 11: We take God and all the holy angels to witness this day, that we warn all men in the name of Jesus Christ, to come on us no more forever. For from this hour, we will bear it no more, our rights shall no more be trampled on with impunity. The man or the set of men, who attempts it, does it at the expense of their lives. And that mob that comes on us to disturb us; it shall be between us and them a war of extermination; for we will follow them till the last drop of their blood is spilled, or else they will have to exterminate us: for we will carry the seat of war to their own houses, and their own families, and one party or the other shall be utterly destroyed.—Remember it then all MEN.

Paragraph 12: A prolific literary critic, Howard's monumental 1969 volume Alone With America stretches to 594 pages and profiles 41 American poets who had published at least two books each and "have come into a characteristic and—as I see it—consequential identity since the time, say, of the Korean War." Howard would later tell an interviewer I wrote the book not for the sense of history, but for myself, knowing that a relation to one's moment was essential to getting beyond the moment. As I quoted Shaw in the book's preface, if you cannot believe in the greatness of your own age and inheritance, you will fall into confusion of mind and contrariety of spirit. The book was a rescuing anatomy of such belief, the construction of a credendum—articles of faith, or at least appreciation.

Paragraph 13: She is known for competing in various of the promotion's signature events such as the Stardom All Star Dream Cinderella from March 3 where she competed in a 24-women Stardom All Star Rumble featuring superstars from the company's past such as Yuzuki Aikawa, Kyoko Inoue, Miho Wakizawa, Chigusa Nagayo, from the present Bea Priestley, Koguma and others. At Stardom Yokohama Dream Cinderella 2021 on April 4, she competed in a three-way match also involving Hina and AZM. Nagatani took part in all three of the Stardom Cinderella Tournament 2021 tournament's nights. In the first one from April 10 she fell short to Hina, on the second one from May 14 she competed in a four-way match won by Natsupoi and also involving Tam Nakano and Hanan and on the third one from June 12 unsuccessfully battled Rina and HIna in a three-way match. At Yokohama Dream Cinderella 2021 in Summer on July 4, she competed in a Gauntlet tag team match where she teamed up with Maika, falling short to Oedo Tai (Konami and Fukigen Death), Hanan and Hina and Oedo Tai (Saki Kashima and Rina). She pulled the first win of her career on the fifteenth night of the Stardom 5 Star Grand Prix 2021 from September 20 where she defeated Waka Tsukiyama in one of the latter's rookie series of matches. At Stardom 10th Anniversary Grand Final Osaka Dream Cinderella on October 9, 2021, Nagatani teamed up with Waka Tsukiyama in a losing effort against Oedo Tai's Saki Kashima and Rina. Nagatani participated in the 2021 edition of the Goddesses of Stardom Tag League where she fought in the Blue Goddess Block by teaming up with Waka Tsukiyama as "C Moon". They failed to score any points after going against the teams of MOMOAZ (AZM and Momo Watanabe), Blue MaRine (Mayu Iwatani and Rin Kadokura), Kurotora Kaidou (Starlight Kid and Ruaka), Ponytail and Samurai Road (Syuri and Maika) and Dream H (Tam Nakano and Mina Shirakawa). At Kawasaki Super Wars, the first event of the Stardom Super Wars which took place on November 3, 2021, she unsuccessfully challenged Ruaka for the Future of Stardom Championship. At Tokyo Super Wars from November 27, she teamed up with Unagi Sayaka in a losing effort against MOMOAZ (AZM and Momo Watanabe). At Osaka Super Wars, the last event of the trilogy from December 18, Nagatani competed in a 3-on-1 handicap gauntlet match where she teamed up with Mai Sakurai and Waka Tsukiyama in a losing effort against Syuri. At Stardom Dream Queendom on December 29, 2021, she fought in a five-way match won by Fukigen death and also involving Waka Tsukiyama, Saki Kashima and Rina.

Paragraph 14: The club was founded in 1953 as Croydon Amateurs FC and its original players came from some of the stronger clubs playing in local football. The club was specially formed to play at the Croydon Arena (still its home today) when it was officially opened in 1953. The team made its debut at the Arena against Malden Town on Saturday 5 September 1953, winning 4-3. The club spent their first ten years in the Surrey Senior League but whilst failing to win the championship (thrice finishing runners-up), evolved into one of that competition's strongest teams. In 1963–64, they joined the Spartan League, winning the league title at the first attempt in their only season in the competition. 1964 saw them join the Athenian League where they spent the next ten years, winning the Second Division title in 1965–66, suffering relegation four years later and then gaining two successive promotions to the Premier Division as runners-up to Herne Bay (1970–71) and Harlow Town (1971–72) under the managership of Jimmy Rose. Rose's departure to Dulwich Hamlet saw a mass player exodus and a season of struggle ensued. 1973 saw the suffix Amateurs dropped due to the impending changes to the status of players and a year later, under the management of Ted Shepherd, election to the expanding Isthmian League.

Paragraph 15: The off-peak timetable consists of two trains per hour from Victoria, calling at , , , , , Gillingham and Rainham. One service will call at , ,  and , then all stations to  via . The other service will just call at  and , then all stations to  and . These trains no longer split up at . There is an hourly service from Victoria calling at  via the Catford Loop, ,  then all stations to Gillingham. It then becomes a semi-fast service, calling at Rainham, , , , and . A High Speed Service sees two trains per hour from  to  via  and . One service terminates at  before travelling back to  via  and . The other service continues coastbound as a semi-fast service calling at , , , ,  and . It then carries on, stopping at , , , , , ,  and , before picking up the High Speed Line to ,  and arriving back at . A service operates in the opposite direction. There is one other High Speed Service that runs on a small part of the line, starting from  and calling at  and  before heading to , and , then picking up the High Speed Line and calling at the remaining stations to . A Thameslink service now starts from Rainham and calls at nearly all stations via , , ,  (for Elizabeth line services),  and  (both for the Docklands Light Railway), ,  and beyond. Passengers for ,  or  now have to change at .

Paragraph 16: In 1964 the first Baháʼí marriage service was performed in the country; the same year as the independence of the country now called Malawi. An interim re-organization pooled a regional national assembly of South Central Africa, which comprised the countries of Botswana, Malawi and Rhodesia in 1967. By 1970 there were 12 Local Spiritual Assemblies, enough for the country to have its own National Spiritual Assembly, which was elected in the presence of Hand of the Cause Paul Haney. The next year Hand of the Cause Enoch Olinga asked for official registration of the religion, a request met by President Hastings Banda. Three from Malawi attended the first Baháʼí youth summer school for southern Africa was held in Swaziland in December, 1971 through the 2nd of January, 1972. Land for a national center was acquired in 1972 and the number local assemblies had reached 23. In 1972 and 1982 Hand of the Cause Rúhíyyih Khanum traveled throughout the country. Her October 1972 visit included radio and print press interviews, public talks and a meeting with President Hastings Banda where she observed "in the eyes of Baha'u'llah it seems there was one thing even worse than war and this was anarchy and revolution and civil strife" when the president commented that some religious groups in Malawi had been fermenting discord and strife. She also toured into the countryside and met many Baháʼís and contributed to building funds for centers. Among her public talks she said that though African suffered tribal prejudice, racial prejudice was far worse but of which Africans were largely clear of. Among the pioneers to come to Malawi was Ireland's Frances Beard who moved there in 1974, the same year as Baháʼís from Australia also pioneered to Malawi. Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Baháʼís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Baháʼí teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Baháʼí socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. Malawian Baháʼís have embarked on a number of projects to support the welfare of Malawi.

Paragraph 17: A full body taxidermy of a two-headed calf is on display at the Garth and Jerri Frehner Museum of Natural History on the Southern Utah University campus in Cedar City, Utah. "The Dancing Calves" were born by natural delivery with considerable assistance from S. T. Nelson of Cedar City, Utah on Mother's Day, May 8, 1949, to a crossbred cow owned by Willard Lund of Paragonah, Utah. The "Father Bull" is unknown but must have been an outstanding Hereford. The double calf was alive and healthy but died during birth. This calf, or calves, joined from the beginning of the neck as far as the belly, with two complete, almost perfect body frames, had but one system of vital organs. Each of the two normal heads had a food channel to one stomach and a breathing channel, or windpipe, to the one set of lungs. The two briskets, or breasts, shared on each side by these calves, contained the one set of lungs on one side and the one heart on the other side. Branching off from the one stomach and digestive system were two channels of elimination. The calf weighed approximately  at birth. The over-all measurements as it stands mounted are:  high,  from tail to tail, and  from side to side including the front legs. The "Mother Cow" lived and was sold as a "fat cow" in July 1949. This calf was stuffed by C. J. Sanders, taxidermist, 2631 South State Street, Salt Lake City 5, Utah, who stated that it is the most unusual monstrosity he has ever worked with. Dr. A. C. Johnson, of Cedar City, Utah, stated that this was the best specimen of monstrosity in animal life that he has ever seen or heard of in his 47 years of practice as a veterinarian. "The Dancing Calves" were owned by West and Gail Seegmiller who displayed them for many years at their Desert Pearl Cafe (no longer in existence), in Cedar City, Utah. Dr. A. C. Johnson, Dr. T. Donald Bell, William H. Lund, Dr. R. G. Williams, Dr. J. S. Prestwich, Dr. A. L. Graff, S. T. Nelson, and James Hoyle, Jr. all signed as witnesses that they saw the calf in the flesh soon after birth and knew it to be authentic. The calves and original document were donated to the Garth and Jerri Frehner Museum of Natural History on the Southern Utah University campus in Cedar City, Utah, where they are now on display.

Paragraph 18: Kidd began a tag team with Cesaro on the December 1 episode of Raw and were eliminated from a gauntlet match for a tag title shot by The Usos. They gained victories over Los Matadores, and proceeded to ally with Adam Rose in a feud against The New Day (Big E, Kofi Kingston, and Xavier Woods) in January. On the Royal Rumble pre-show, Kidd and Cesaro defeated The New Day. Later that night, Kidd entered the Rumble match at number 12, however he was eliminated by Daniel Bryan. At Fastlane on February 22, Kidd and Cesaro defeated The Usos to capture the WWE Tag Team Championship, a title he had not held for nearly 5 years. They retained their title in a rematch the following night on Raw after Natalya caused a disqualification. Kidd and Cesaro managed to retain their titles on the WrestleMania 31 pre-show in a match that included three other teams. Kidd also competed in the André the Giant memorial battle royal, but was eliminated by Mark Henry. In April, Kidd and Cesaro reignited their feud against The New Day, where a double turn took place; Kidd and Cesaro turned into babyfaces by displaying a fighting spirit, while The New Day turned heel by using underhanded tactics during their matches. At Extreme Rules, Kidd and Cesaro lost the WWE Tag Team Championship to The New Day (Big E and Kofi Kingston), ending their reign at nine weeks. They failed to regain the championships on the April 30 episode of SmackDown, and at Payback in a 2-out-of-3 falls match, with Xavier Woods interfering in both matches. At Elimination Chamber, Kidd and Cesaro competed in the first tag team Elimination Chamber match but they failed to win the titles. This turned out to be his final WWE televised match.

Paragraph 19: Adam of Ravenscroft was born in the village of Ravenscroft in the heart of England in the summer of 1168 A.D., when Saxon England was ruled by Norman conquerors.  Adam's youth was unremarkable, and he grew content without ambition.  When he was sixteen, however, he was accidentally impaled on a scythe, but he miraculously recovered after a dream about a strange, inhuman woman. He was renamed Adam of Destine by the town, who felt the young man was destined for greatness. In 1189, Adam joined the Third Crusade. During the battles, Adam was never once injured and he believed that the "angel" he dreamt about protected him. By 1191 he was a seasoned veteran of battles at Acre, Arsuf and Jaffa. He became overconfident and reckless, and was captured by a warlord called Al Kadhdhaab. Kadhdhaab claimed that he needed Adam's help to defeat the wizard Sujanaa Min Raghbah. Centuries prior, Sujanaa captured a large gem with mystical powers that fulfilled his wishes. In a vision Sujanaa had seen that Adam was destined to kill him, and Kadhdhaab also knows this through a written prophecy. Adam traveled to Sujanaa's palace, but was captured by him. The wizard ranted that his gem loved Adam, and would not allow Sujanaa to hurt him. Adam managed to distract the wizard by telling him that Sujanaa had wasted his life, using all his power merely to protect his power. The wizard realized that he had become trapped by his own desire for power and during a moment of doubt, Adam was freed and killed the wizard. Adam then felt that there was something alive within the gem and tried to destroy its prison, but Kadhdhaab appeared and shot him in the back with a crossbow. Kadhdhaab tried to take the power of the gem for himself, but Adam managed to destroy the gem with his last strength. Elalyth, the female being within, called a Djinn, appeared and destroyed Kadhdhaab. She then restored Adam, making him immortal and invulnerable, and the two became lovers.

Paragraph 20: The "naturalness" of nature documentaries has been disputed. Some, particularly those involving animals, have included footage of staged events that appear "natural" while actually contrived by filmmakers or occurring in captivity. In a famous example, Walt Disney's White Wilderness (1958), lemmings were herded to their deaths from a cliff by the filmmakers. Examples also occur in modern nature documentaries, such as Hidden Kingdoms (2014) and Blue Planet II (2017), indicating that such practices are still routine. Due to the difficulties of recording sounds on locations, it is common for nature documentary makers to record sounds in post-production using Foley and to use sound effect libraries. Compositing and computer-generated imagery are also sometimes used to construct shots. Wild animals are often filmed over weeks or months, so the footage must be condensed to form a narrative that appears to take place over a short space of time. Such narratives are also constructed to be as compelling as possible—rather than necessarily as a reflection of reality—and make frequent use of voice-overs, combined with emotional and intense music to maximise the audience's engagement with the content. One common technique is to follow the "story" of one particular animal, encouraging the audience to form an emotional connection with the subject and to root for their survival when they encounter a predator. In 1984, David Attenborough stated:There is precious little that is natural … in any film. You distort speed if you want to show things like plants growing, or look in detail at the way an animal moves. You distort light levels. You distort distribution, in the sense that you see dozens of different species in a jungle within a few minutes, so that the places seem to be teeming with life. You distort size by using close-up lenses. And you distort sound. What the filmmaker is trying to do is to convey a particular experience. … The viewer has to trust in the good faith of the filmmaker.Nature documentaries have been criticized for leaving viewers with the impression that wild animals survived and thrived after encounters with predators, even when they sustain potentially life-threatening injuries. They also cut away from particularly violent encounters, or attempt to downplay the suffering endured by the individual animal, by appealing to concepts such as the "balance of nature" and "the good of the herd".

Paragraph 21: As the Virginia Secession Convention of 1861 appeared ready to pass the ordinance of secession, ex-Governor Henry Wise called a meeting of several militia commanders, Capt. A.M. Barbour (former civil superintendent of the Harper's Ferry Arsenal) and Richmond Enquirer editor Nat Tyler, to plan to capture the U.S. Army arsenal at Harpers Ferry. Imboden attended, as did Capt. John A. Harman of Staunton's infantry militia, as well as cavalry militia captains Turner and Richard Ashby of Fauquier County and Oliver R. Funsten of Clarke County. Imboden telegraphed Staunton's militia companies to meet in Staunton at 4p.m. on April 17 for orders. The group arranged railroad transportation to Charles Town about 8 miles from the Harpers Ferry arsenal. However, Governor John Letcher refused to authorized the action until the secession ordinance passed. As soon as it did, A.M. Barbour went to Harpers Ferry and publicly informed the workmen. Then, the evening after the secession ordinance passed, 360 men started out to capture the arsenal, defended by U.S. Army Lt. Roger Jones with 50 soldiers and about 15 volunteers. Vastly outnumbered, they attempted to set fire to the buildings and equipment as they retreated north to Carlisle, Pennsylvania. Imboden's artillery had set up on the heights above the arsenal, but did not see further action, although Imboden later bragged about converting some of the captured horse carts to caissons. Virginia militia Major General Kenton Harper (of Staunton) then secured the towns, and on April 27, Major Stonewall Jackson arrived to organize the militia into regiments.

Paragraph 22: In exceptional circumstances, it is possible for the moved piece in a double check to not give check. The only way for this to happen in orthodox chess is by way of an en passant capture. In the position shown from Gundersen–Faul, 1928, Black has just played 14...g7–g5. White replies 15.hxg6 #. The result is a double check even though the white pawn does not give check: one check is given by the rook, discovered by the capturing pawn's move; the other by the bishop, revealed by the captured pawn's removal. Such a double check is extremely rare in practical play, but it is sometimes found in chess problems.

Paragraph 23: Coincidentally, the fixture table was such that both clubs met directly at the first match day. At Munich Olympic Stadium, Kaiserslautern achieved a surprising 1–0 away win. After another win (1–0 against Hertha BSC) they were at the top of the league table after matchday two. They regained this top position after matchday four and eventually stayed there until the end of the season. After the end of the first half of the season, Kaiserslautern was four points ahead of Bayern, and while it was expected by many that the second direct encounter at Fritz-Walter-Stadion would be the start of an eventual change at the top, FCK again beat Bayern, this time 2–0, resulting in a seven-point margin between the two teams after matchday 18. Remarkable matchdays in terms of who would win the championship included round 23 and 24, when Bayern lost two matches in a row, while FCK managed to collect four points. Bayern never overtook Kaiserslautern during the whole season, and after matchday 33, with FCK beating VfL Wolfsburg 4–0 at home while Bayern only achieving a 0–0 draw at MSV Duisburg, Kaiserslautern were the early champions, with four points ahead with only one match remaining. They were the first team in Bundesliga history to win the championship as a newly promoted team.

Paragraph 24: Georgetown's season concluded with the 10–10 Hoyas visiting New York City to face NYU at Madison Square Garden before a crowd of 2,573 on March 2, 1961. Coming off a very successful season in 1959–1960 that included a 70–48 drubbing of the Hoyas at McDonough Gymnasium in the schools' most recent meeting and a Final Four run in the 1960 NCAA Tournament, NYU had played inconsistently during the 1960–61 season and entered the game with a record of 11–9, but the Violets had won four straight games and averaged 72 points a game, and New York-area sportswriters viewed them as a heavy favorite to beat the Hoyas. The Hoyas played one of their best games of the season, hitting 44 percent of their field-goal attempts (against a season average of 41 percent) and 64 percent of their free throws (against a season average of 67 percent). Carrino led the team with 24 points, while three Georgetown players (Sheehan with 16 points and 11 assists, Sharpenter with 11 points and 14 rebounds, and Tagliabue with 11 points and 12 rebounds) finished with double-doubles. Only NYU guard Mark Reiner shot well. The Violets' top scorer for the season, forward Al Filardi, a 48 percent field-goal shooter, went 1-for-10 from the field, and center Al Barden, a 31 percent shooter, had a 1-for-8 game. NYU shot 30 percent from the field (against a 40 percent season average) and 46 percent in free throws (against a 68 percent season average). On offense, Sheehan dominated Violets guard Art Loche, who a week earlier had shut down Wake Forest guard Billy Packer, and Sharpenter and Tagliabue grabbed a combined 26 rebounds, while Barden and his fellow center Tom Boose seemed unable to pull down any rebounds at all for NYU. The Hoyas led 39–32 at halftime and 48–32 three-and-a-half minutes into the second half, and later pulled out to a 30-point lead on the way to a 92–69 victory, handing the Violets their second-worst defeat of the season, exceeded only by a 93–69 loss at UCLA. The one-sided game puzzled many observers. Only after the end of the season did an investigation result in the arrest of 37 players from 22 different colleges for point shaving in a major gambling scandal that rocked college basketball in the United States. Among those arrested was NYU guard Ray Popracky — the only Violets player implicated — who had played opposite Tagliabue during the game and had accepted $1,300 for point-shaving in four NYU games during the season, including the Georgetown game, during which he had shot 4-for-12 from the field.

Paragraph 25: Johnson experienced a breakout season in 2016. He posted 15 straight games with at least 100 yards from scrimmage, matching the Lions' Barry Sanders (1997) for the longest single-season streak in NFL history. In the season opener against the New England Patriots, he had 89 rushing yards, one rushing touchdown, and 43 receiving yards. In the next game, against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, he had 45 rushing yards to go along with three receptions for 98 yards. In the following game, against the Buffalo Bills, he had 83 rushing yards and two rushing touchdowns to go along with three receptions for 28 yards. He recorded 124 scrimmage yards (83 rushing and 41 receiving) in the next game against the Los Angeles Rams. Four days later, he had a season-high 157 rushing yards and two rushing touchdowns in victory over the San Francisco 49ers. In the next game, against the New York Jets, he had 111 rushing yards and three rushing touchdowns. In the next game, a hard-fought 6–6 tie with the Seattle Seahawks, he had 33 carries for 113 yards to go along with eight receptions for 58 yards on NBC Sunday Night Football. He was named NFC Offensive Player of the Month for October after averaging 145.2 rushing and receiving yards through five games along with five touchdowns. On November 13, against the San Francisco 49ers, he had 55 rushing yards, one rushing touchdown, 46 receiving yards, and one receiving touchdown. On November 20, against the Minnesota Vikings, he had 103 rushing yards, one rushing touchdown, 57 receiving yards, and one receiving touchdown. In the next game, against the Atlanta Falcons, he had 58 rushing yards to go along with eight receptions for 103 yards and a receiving touchdown. In Week 13 against the Washington Redskins, Johnson recorded nine receptions for 91 yards and a touchdown and ran for 91 yards on 18 carries for another touchdown, earning him NFC Offensive Player of the Week. Johnson finished the season having carried 293 times for 1,239 rushing yards with 16 rushing touchdowns. He was ranked seventh in the NFL for rushing yards, and ranked second in the NFL for rushing touchdowns. Johnson also finished the season having caught 80 passes for 879 yards and four touchdowns. He had the most receiving yards among running backs and ranked 38th among all NFL players in receiving yards. He was named First-team All-Pro and was also named to his first Pro Bowl. He was ranked 12th by his fellow players on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2017.

Paragraph 26: Wright toured Australia again for the 1950-51 Ashes series, but still suffered from bad luck and no balls. In the First Test at Brisbane He bowled a typical over to Neil Harvey, with two long hops, which Harvey cracked into the square-leg fence, but then had him groping at a googly that turned so fiercely that it missed both bat and stumps, "a real pearl that morally bowled Harvey all the way". The following ball had Wright appealing for lbw, but it was turned down as it turned so much that it would have missed the stumps. In the final innings Wright was last man in at 77/9 with England needing another 115 runs to win. He helped Len Hutton add 45 runs for the last wicket, managing to hold a straight bat up to the few balls he was left to face until the last four balls from Jack Iverson before lunch. He kept out the first three, but spooned the last to Ray Lindwall at square leg and was out for 2. Batting again in the Third Test at Sydney Wright was run out for a duck by his Kent team-mate Godfrey Evans, tripping over his bat and pulling a muscle as he rushed home. As a result, he fielded only for a few overs before he had to retire from the game on the only spinning wicket of the series. With Trevor Bailey's thumb broken by Ray Lindwall England were reduced to three bowlers and lost by an innings. Wright recovered for the Fourth Test at Adelaide and took 4/99 with only Arthur Morris, a noted player of spin, able to master him. In the England innings he joined Len Hutton at 219/9 and made 14 of their last wicket stand of 53 as the Yorkshire batsman carried his bat for 156 not out.

Paragraph 27: Responding to the growing weight of black demands, and the creation of new opportunities to voice them, white progressive Labour Party members backed their black fellow members to help them establish unofficial Black Sections. These were modelled on the party's already existing Women's Section and Young Socialists, and dozens of supportive Constituency Labour Parties (CLPs) sent motions backing Black Sections to the party's conference year after year, until the compromise Labour Party Black Socialist Society was agreed in 1990. Labour Party Black Sections were first mooted in 1981, after Britain's inner-city uprisings, to further African Caribbean and Asian representation within the Labour Party. Among its founding members were Diane Abbott, then a councillor in Westminster, Paul Boateng, a left-wing lawyer and the only black member of the Greater London Council, its first chair Russell Profitt, a Lewisham, south London, councillor, Billy Poh, a Vietnamese activist in Abbott's Westminster North, Paddington, west London, Constituency Labour Party (CLP), the office in which the Black Sections had its first base, and Marc Wadsworth, who became chair in 1985. Initially the party leader Neil Kinnock was said to have welcomed the idea, and in 1983, a composite motion (several CLPs had submitted Black Sections–supporting resolutions) setting out a framework for implementation by the National Executive Committee (NEC) was debated at party conference and then sent to the NEC for further consideration. After this, the NEC set up a "Positive Discrimination" working party to investigate the demand for Black Sections, which, recommended that they be made official, following its wide-ranging consultation among Constituency Labour Parties (CLPs), trade unions and socialist societies throughout the country, which favoured Black Sections, by a four-to-one majority. Positive discrimination were the preferred words of the influential left-wing Campaign for Labour Party Democracy, which had helped draft early Black Sections resolutions and circulated them among its extensive network of CLPs. Labour deputy leader Roy Hattersley, who was MP for the Birmingham Sparkbrook, a constituency with a large Asian party membership he feared would replace him if they were allowed to get organised, was bitterly against Black Sections. When Hattersley's left-wing CLP secretary Kevin Scally and Birmingham city councillor Amir Khan set up Sparkbrook Black Section, Hattersley had them expelled from Labour. But a vigorous national Black Sections campaign, fronted by Clare Short and supported by their Transport and General Workers' Union, then Britain's largest trade union, got them reinstated by party conference, against the wishes of Kinnock and Hattersley.

Paragraph 28: The process of modernization in the 19th century was a transition from a spatially-oriented world to a time-oriented world. Exact time was essential, and everyone had to know the exact time, resulting in clock towers for railway stations, clocks in public places, and pocket watches for railway workers and travelers. Trains departed on time (they never left early). By contrast, in the premodern era, passenger ships left when the captain had enough passengers. In the premodern era, local time was set at noon, when the sun was at its highest. Every place east to west had a different time and that changed with the introduction of standard time zones. Printed time tables were a convenience for travelers. More elaborate time tables, called train orders, were essential for train crews, maintenance workers, station personnel, and repair and maintenance crews, who knew when to expect a train. Most routes were single track, with sidings and signals to allow lower priority trains to be sidetracked. Schedules told everyone what to do, where to be, and exactly when. If bad weather disrupted the system, telegraphers relayed immediate corrections and updates throughout the system. Just as railways as business organizations created the standards and models for modern big business, so too the railway timetable was adapted to myriad uses, such as schedules for buses, ferries, airplanes, radio and television programs, school schedules and factory time clocks. The modern world was ruled by the clock and the timetable.

Paragraph 29: The Gesta Stephani was written in two books and historian R.H.C. Davis believes that the first twelve years of Stephen's reign—which comprise book I—were written in about 1148, while the subsequent account, taken up to the accession of Henry II, was written after 1153. Davis examined the places named in the texts and found that most of them were in the South-West of England; unusually detailed descriptions of Bristol and Bath, as well as scornful comments about the former, suggest that the author may have been writing in or near Bath. This contrasts with an earlier statement by K.R. Potter that there is "no clear indication of any local attachment". However, Davis points out that comparisons with the chronicles of other writers based elsewhere in the country reveal considerable south-west bias in the Gesta, which had been overlooked by historians who compared it only with the account of William of Malmesbury, who was also writing in the south-west.

Paragraph 30: Lochner painted with oil, preparing the surface in a way typical of other North German artists; in some works, he attached canvas to the panel support underneath the usual chalk ground. This was probably done where there were to be large areas of plain gilding.  Where the gold ground was to have a pattern such as a brocade, this was carved into the chalk ground before gilding, and, in some paintings, elements had moulded additions applied to raise the surface to be gilded.  He employed a number of techniques when gilding, to give different effects.  These included laying the leaf with water for burnished passages, and with oil or varnish sizing (mordant gilding) for the more decorative areas.  His colour schemes tend to be bright and luminous, filled with varieties of red, blue and green pigments. He often employed ultramarine, then expensive and difficult to source.  His figures are regularly outlined with red paint. He was innovative in his rendering of flesh tones, which he built up using lead whites to give pale complexions with almost porcelain qualities. In this, he refers to an older tradition of indicating women of high nobility whose paleness was associated with a life spent indoors, "shielded from toiling in the fields, which was the lot of most". In particular, this technique follows the Master of Veronica, although the earlier painter's figures had an almost yellowish, ivory hue. Lochner's Madonnas tend to be clothed in saturated blues which resonate with surrounding yellow, red and green paint. According to James Snyder, the artist "employed these four basic colors for his harmonies", but went beyond by using more subdued and deep hues in a technique referred to as "pure color".