Paragraph 1: As a first step towards the CSME, Haiti was due to enter the trade in goods regime of the Single Market in January 2010 (earlier targets had been for some time in 2009) but could not do so because of the earthquake. Up until that point much work had been done by CROH and its Haitian government counterpart, the Bureau de Coordination et de Suivi or BCS (Office of Coordination and Monitoring), on the technical work necessary to bring the Haitian national tariff in line with the Caricom Common External Tariff (CET). The next step that had to be taken for Haiti to commence full free trade in goods within the CSME was therefore for the Haitian Parliament to pass legislation adopting the Caricom External tariff as Haiti's national tariff. In mid 2009, the Government of Haiti announced that it would be ready to participate fully in free trade in goods within the CSME by 1 January 2010; and in fact through a revised Custom Act adopted by the Haitian Parliament in late 2009, 20-30% of the Caricom CET was incorporated into the Haitian national tariff. However soon after Haiti's progress towards full adoption of the CET began to stall with the dismissal of the Government of Prime Minister Michèle Pierre-Louis in November 2009 and was then put on hold as a result of the January 2010 earthquake. To assist in stimulating economic activity, the Council for Trade and Economic Development (COTED) in December, approved a request for some Haitian products to be exported within the Single Market on a non-reciprocal preferential basis for three years. Consultations are on-going towards approval of additional items from an original list which Haiti submitted. The concession became effective from 1 January 2011. CARICOM Secretariat officials are continuing their training exercises with Haitian customs officials to facilitate their understanding of the CSME's trading regime.

Paragraph 2:  As depicted in Mission by Patrick Tilley, when the body of Jesus disappeared from the tomb in Jerusalem, he did not ascend to Heaven; rather, Jesus' body was transported 6000 miles westwards and some 1900 years into the future, and at New York City in the Year of Our Lord 1981 a police car discovered this badly battered body lying at slum alleyway. Taken to a hospital, Jesus came back to life in the morgue. Out of the millions of New Yorkers, Jesus - who exhibited the ability to speak fluent American English - chose to confide in Leo Resnick, a hard-headed corporate lawyer with not the slightest vestige of religious or spiritual leanings. As he told Resnick, Jesus was in fact an extraterrestrial marooned on Earth by a malfunction in his spaceship's landing craft. Though he had some powers and abilities far beyond those of human beings, he was by no means Divine or omnipotent. Since the Earth's atmosphere was highly poisonous to him, his only chance of survival was to be "incubated" in the body of a human being. He chose for that purpose the body of Joshua, a Jewish native of Roman-ruled Judea. Joshua and the extraterrestrial "visitor" coexisted in an uneasy symbiosis inside the same body - hence the Two Natures of Jesus, an issue of crucial importance to Christian theology. From there, the book continues to describe Jesus' new career in 20th Century America and to provide much information about his earlier career which never got into the New Testament.

Paragraph 3: The biggest yearly event in Bad Aussee occurs on Faschingsdienstag (Shrove Tuesday), when the Flinserln dress up in sequined costumes and parade through town to announce the coming of spring. Children recite old rhymes to the Flinserln and are rewarded with nuts or sweets.  The Flinserln are accompanied by the Zacharin, who keep spectators in line by waving pig bladders on the ends of sticks and occasionally rapping people on the head with them. The celebration is rounded off by the Trommelweiber (Drum Women).  The Trommelweiber are a group of men dressed in women's nightgowns, who go from inn to inn banging on drums, pots and pans, and enjoy the free food and beer.  According to the tale, the tradition of the Trommelweiber was initiated in the last century as a way for men who frequented pubs to poke fun at their wives:  at the time, women were not allowed in such establishments and often resorted to banging on pots and pans outside of the premises in order to get their husbands to come out, come home and dry up.  Inns, pubs and restaurants are heavily frequented during the Heilige Drei Faschingstage (the three 'holy' days of Fasching) by costumed revelers known as Maschgera.

Paragraph 4: Kaladze was limited to just six league appearances and 11 total appearances in the 2003–04 season. In the next season, Kaladze played just 19 Serie A matches and five in the Champions League as Milan finished as runners-up in both competitions. He was an unused substitute in that season's Champions League final, where Milan lost on penalties to Liverpool after a 3–3 draw. He was said to be frustrated with his lack of first-team options and a move to Chelsea, in exchange for Hernán Crespo or for £4 million, was widely reported. Kaladze himself said, "I have agreed everything with the Chelsea management. Now it is necessary to wait for them to reach an agreement with Milan and I think I could become a Chelsea player next week." Chelsea opted to sign Asier del Horno instead. On 30 June 2005, Kaladze extended his contract with Milan until 2010 and again on 4 September 2006, this time until 2011. In 2005–06, an injury to Paolo Maldini meant that Kaladze was moved back into the centre of defence, his favoured position. Milan finished third that season, although they would have finished second if there were no 2006 Italian football scandal which resulted in a 30-point deduction.

Paragraph 5: On January 17, 1949, Williams first defeated Johhny Bratton by a comfortable margin in the Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in a ten-round decision before a satisfied crowd of 8,000 fans.  Williams had taken a two-month lay-off from his fight schedule to help heal a broken hand.  The judges scored 6-2 and 7-3 for Bratton, while the referee scored a closer 5-4-1 decision.  Bratton put up a defense, and even stunned Williams momentarily in the eighth with a blow to the jaw, but lacked the skills at 21 to defeat Williams. On January 20, 1950, before a crowd of 12,000 at Chicago Stadium, Williams won an eighth-round technical knockout against Bratton who was forced to leave the ring with a broken jaw. Bratton later claimed the injury took place in round three.  Williams hammered his opponent particularly hard in the second and seventh rounds, and was comfortably ahead on points, losing only one of the eight rounds fought to Bratton.  Bratton ended the bout by turning his back and signalling the referee to end the fight.  After returning to boxing, Bratton would briefly take the NBA World Welterweight Championship in March 1951, holding it only two months.

Paragraph 6: Pleasure gardens, which levied a small entrance fee and provided a variety of entertainment, had become extremely popular in London by the eighteenth century.  Music was provided from bandstands (known as ‘’orchestras’’) or more permanent buildings, and was generally of the popular variety: ballroom dances, quadrilles (medleys), cornet solos etc.  Other entertainments would have included fireworks, masquerades and acrobatics.  There were 38 gardens which are known to have provided music.  Perhaps the most famous of these were Vauxhall Gardens (1661–1859), south of the Thames.  Known at first as New Spring Gardens this was the favourite haunt of diarists Samuel Pepys and John Evelyn.  The music of Handel was very popular here in the eighteenth century, and in 1738 there was even a statue erected of Handel playing the lyre. The Gardens were described as fashionable in the late 18th and early 19th century by Fanny Burney and William Thackeray.  Aristocracy and royalty mingled with the ordinary folk.  On 21 April 1749 twelve thousand people paid 2s 6d each to hear Handel rehearsing his Music for the Royal Fireworks in Vauxhall Gardens, causing a three-hour traffic jam on London Bridge. The music had been commissioned by the king in celebration of the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle. The performance six days later in Green Park was even more spectacular, especially when the building caught fire.  The composer Dr Thomas Arne was appointed composer of Vauxhall Gardens in 1745.  It was here that many of his songs achieved their great popularity.  The musicians were housed in a covered building while the audience strolled outside.  In the nineteenth century Sir Henry Bishop was the official composer to the Gardens.  Many of his songs, which include "Home! Sweet Home!", were performed there.  Vauxhall Gardens remained a national institution until 1859.

Paragraph 7: He unsuccessfully contested Eddisbury at the 1983 general election where he was defeated by the sitting Conservative MP Alastair Goodlad by some 14,846 votes. In 1984 he contested the West Cheshire seat for the European Parliament but was again unsuccessful. He contested Delyn in Wales at the 1987 general election but was defeated by the Tory Keith Raffan by 1,224 votes. It proved third time lucky for Hanson when he was elected to the House of Commons at the 1992 general election when, following Raffan's retirement, he won the Clwyd seat at Delyn by 2,039. He made his maiden speech on 6 May 1992.

Paragraph 8: On August 6, 2022 through the group official YouTube stream, A-side participation members known as senbatsu were officially announced as 16 formation members, first time after 4 years since "Sentimental Train" in 2018. Like their previous works, this single were sung by AKB-only members. Member Shinobu Mogi and Airi Satō were selected for the first time. Shinobu was selected for the first time since her debut in December 2011, while Airi who joined the group as trainees was selected after 5 month since her announcement as 17th generation members in May 2022. Airi was the first trainees to be chosen as A-side participated members after Satone Kubo who was selected for 48th single "Negaigoto no Mochigusare" in 2017. This is the last single to feature Tomu Muto, who announced her graduation from the group on October 8th, 2022, at MX Matsuri! AKB48 60th Single "Hisashiburi no Lipgloss" Announcement Commemoration Concert in Budokan 2022 (MX祭り！AKB48 60th Single 「久しぶりのリップグロス」発表記念コンサートin武道館2022) after performing Show Fight! And will graduate from the group in March 2023.

Paragraph 9: A network gateway provides a connection between networks and contains devices, such as protocol translators, impedance matchers, rate converters, fault isolators, or signal translators. A network gateway requires the establishment of mutually acceptable administrative procedures between the networks using the gateway. Network gateways, known as protocol translation gateways or mapping gateways, can perform protocol conversions to connect networks with different network protocol technologies. For example, a network gateway connects an office or home intranet to the Internet. If an office or home computer user wants to load a web page, at least two network gateways are accessed—one to get from the office or home network to the Internet and one to get from the Internet to the computer that serves the web page.

Paragraph 10: Probably first to bring national attention to the potential gold in the region was F. X. Aubry, who in 1853 reported finding gold at a crossing of the Colorado and that he traded for legendary gold bullets further east with Tonto Apache.  Newspapers across the country copied the gold strike story.  Over the next decade mining discoveries up and down the lower Colorado River valley brought miners into newly formed mining districts.  In the spring of 1861, Mohave, possibly including Irataba, aided a group of prospectors discover gold in Eldorado Canyon north east of Ft. Mohave, site of first mining rush to the immediate area.   This was followed by the discovery of the San Francisco district (now Oatman district), where Irataba led John Moss to the rich Moss lode.  Earlier, concern for protecting incoming miners brought together tribal leaders to Ft. Yuma in April 1863, including Irataba, where they pledged to allow prospectors into their country.  On his return home, the Mohave joined a prospecting party led by mountain man Joseph R. Walker who had prospected among them on the river in 1860.  In 1863, Irataba acted as a guide for the Walker Party, gold prospectors led by Walker and including Jack Swilling, who later founded Phoenix, Arizona. Irataba brought them to a river that he called Hasyamp, later named the Hassayampa River, where they found plentiful gold. Central Arizona's first mining district was established there the following year, which led to the founding of Prescott, Arizona soon afterward. Relations between settlers and the Mohave were positive during this period, but as emigration increased, gold seekers founded towns, largest on the river being named La Paz, stirring fear among settlers of a native uprising against further encroachment on Mohave land. The following year a group of soldiers from Fort Mohave discovered an area between Needles, Fort Mohave, and the Colorado River that was abundant in copper ore. The parcel was named Irataba Mining District, and within the year a mining company had been formed to work it. A small mining town named Irataba City was established on a bluff two miles below Fort Mohave.  High copper market prices during the Civil War brought into operation the Bill Williams Fork copper mines as well, which shipped copper ore from the new Colorado River landing of Aubry.  Though there would be down turns, mining in the Mohave lands was now well established.

Paragraph 11: Solarization refers to a phenomenon in physics where a material undergoes a temporary change in color after being subjected to high-energy electromagnetic radiation, such as ultraviolet light or X-rays. Clear glass and many plastics will turn amber, green or other colors when subjected to X-radiation, and glass may turn blue after long-term solar exposure in the desert. It is believed that solarization is caused by the formation of internal defects, called color centers, which selectively absorb portions of the visible light spectrum. In glass, color center absorption can often be reversed by heating the glass to high temperatures (a process called thermal bleaching) to restore the glass to its initial transparent state. Solarization may also permanently degrade a material's physical or mechanical properties, and is one of the mechanisms involved in the breakdown of plastics within the environment.

Paragraph 12: On Thanksgiving 1968, Kathie Sarachild presented A Program for Feminist Consciousness Raising, at the First National Women's Liberation Conference near Chicago, Illinois, in which she explained the principles behind consciousness-raising and outlined a program for the process that the New York groups had developed over the past year. Groups founded by former members of New York Radical Women—in particular Redstockings, founded out of the breakup of the NYRW in 1969, and New York Radical Feminists—promoted consciousness raising and distributed mimeographed sheets of suggesting topics for consciousness raising group meetings. New York Radical Feminists organized neighborhood-based c.r. groups in Manhattan, Brooklyn, and Queens, involving as many as four hundred women in c.r. groups at its peak. Over the next few years, small-group consciousness raising spread rapidly in cities and suburbs throughout the United States. By 1971, the Chicago Women's Liberation Union, which had already organized several consciousness raising groups in Chicago, described small consciousness raising groups as "the backbone of the Women's Liberation Movement". Susan Brownmiller, a member of the West Village would later write that small-group consciousness raising "was the movement's most successful form of female bonding, and the source of most of its creative thinking. Some of the small groups stayed together for more than a decade".

Paragraph 13: Love in High Life:  A Story of the 'Upper Ten''' (1849)Wreaths of Friendship:  A Gift for the Young (1849)Alice Melville; or, The Indiscretion (1850)All For the Best; or, The Old Peppermint Man (1850)The Debtor's Daughter; or, Life and Its Changes  (1850)The Divorced Wife (1850)Golden Grains from Life’s Harvest Field (1850)Illustrated Temperance Tales (1850)The Lady at Home; or, Leaves from the Every-Day Book of an American Woman (1850)The Orphan Children:  A Tale of Cruelty and Oppression (1850)Out in the World:  A Novel (1850)Pride and Prudence; or, The Married Sisters (1850)Sketches of Life and Character (1850)True Riches; and Other Tales (1850)The Two Brides (1850)The Young Artist; or, The Dream of Italy (1850)Lessons in Life, for All Who Will Read Them (1851)The Lights and Shadows of Real Life (1851)Off-Hand Sketches (1851)Stories for Young Housekeepers (1851)The Tried and the Tempted (1851)The Two Wives (1851)The Way to Prosper; or, In Union There is Strength, and Other Tales (1851)Woman's Trials (1851)Words For the Wise (1851)Cedardale; or, the Peacemakers:  A Story of Village Life (1852)Heart-Histories and Life Pictures (1852)Married Life: Its Shadows and Sunshine  (1852)Lucy Sanford (1852)Maggy's Baby; and Other Stories (1852)Mary Ellis; or, The Runaway Match (1852)Mary Moreton; or, The Broken Promise (1852)Uncle Ben's New Year's Gift; and Other Stories (1852)Who is Greatest?; and Other Stories (1852)The Wounded Boy; and Other Stories (1852)Before and After the Election; or, The Political Experiences of Mr. Patrick Murphy (1853)Finger Posts on the Way of Life (1853)Home Lights and Shadows (1853)The Home Mission (1853)The Iron Rule; or, Tyranny in the Household (1853)Haven't Time and Don't Be in a Hurry; and Other Stories (1853)Heart Histories and Life Pictures (1853)Home Lights and Shadows (1853)The Home Mission (1853)Leaves from the Book of Human Life (1853)The Lost Children; and Other Stories (1853)The Old Man's Bride; or, The Lesson of the Day (1853)Shadows and Sunbeams (1853)Sparing to Spend; or, The Loftons and Pinkertons (1853)Trials of a Needlewoman (1853)True Riches; or, Wealth Without Wings (1853)The Angel of the Household (1854)Home Scenes and Home Influence: A Series of Tales and Sketches (1854)The Lady at Home; or, Happiness in the Household (1854)Pierre, the Organ Boy (1854)Ten Nights in a Bar-Room and What I Saw There (1854)Trials and Confessions of an American Housekeeper (1854)The Year After Marriage (1854)The Good Time Coming (1855)Steps to Heaven (1855)The Three Eras of a Woman's Life:  The Maiden, the Wife, and the Mother (1855)Trial and Triumph; or, Firmness in the Household (1855)Women's Trials; or, Tales and Sketches from Real Life (1855)The Fireside Angel (1856)The Mother’s Rule; or, The Right Way and the Wrong Way (1856)Our Homes:  Their Cares and Duties, Joys and Sorrows (1856)What Can Woman Do? (1856)The Angel and the Demon: A Tale of Modern Spiritualism (1858)The Hand but Not the Heart; or, The Life-Trials of Jessie Loring (1858)The Smuggler's Daughter; and Other Tales (1858)The Withered Heart (1858)Lizzy Glenn: or, The Trials of a Seamstress (1859)Seed-Time and Harvest; or, Whatsoever a Man Soweth, That Shall He Also Reap (1859)Trials and Confessions of a House-Keeper (1859)The Ways of Providence; or 'He Doeth All Things Well' (1859)The Allen House, or Twenty Years Ago and Now (1860)The Poor Woodcutter, and Other Stories (1860)Nothing but Money (1861) in Arthur’s Home Magazine, (1865) in book form Hidden Wings, and Other Stories (1864)Sowing the Wind, and Other Stories (1864)Sunshine at Home, and Other Stories (1864)Light on Shadowed Pasts (1864)Home-Heroes, Saints, and Martyrs (1865)What Came Afterward:  A Novel (1865)The Lost Bride; or, The Astrologer's Prophecy (1866)Our Neighbors in the Corner House: A Novel (1866)Blind Nellie's Boy, and Other Stories (1867)Lights and Shadows of Real Life (1867)The Son of My Friend (1867)After A Shadow; and Other Stories (1868)Not Anything for Peace; and Other Stories (1868)After the storm (1869)The Peacemakers; and Other Stories (1869)Words of Cheer for the Tempted, the Toiling, and the Sorrowing (1869)The Pitcher of Cool Water; and Other Stories (1870)Tom Blinn's Temperance Society; and Other Tales (1870)Rainy Day at Home (1870)Idle Hands; and Other Stories (1871)Orange Blossoms, Fresh and Faded (1871)The Wonderful Story of the Gentle Hand; and Other Stories (1871)Cast Adrift (1872)Three Years in a Man-Trap (1872)Woman to the Rescue (1874)Danger; or, Wounded in the House of a Friend (1875)Heroes of the Household (1875)Little Gems from the Children's Hour (1875)The Bar-Rooms at Brantley; or, The Great Hotel Speculation (1877)Grappling the Monster; or, The Cure and Curse of Strong Drink (1877)The Wife's Engagement Ring (1877)Woman to the Rescue (1877)Temperance Stories for the Young (1878)The Strike at Tivoli Mills, and What Came of It (1879)Window Curtains (1880)Saved as by Fire (1881)Off-Hand Sketches, a Little Dashed with Humor (1885)The Two Wives; or, Lost and Won (1885)Stories for Parents (1885)Death-Dealing Gold; or, The Miser’s Fate (1890)

Paragraph 14: On May 31, 1970 an advertisement was published in the Black Panther newspaper calling for a "mass rally and national press conference to announce date and place of Revolutionary People's Constitutional Convention" at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington DC on June 19, or Juneteenth.  This same advertisement was reprinted in the paper on several occasions. The rally attracted some 1,000 attendees and a banner was held aloft which read "Revolutionary People's Constitutional Convention." The Panthers delivered an address which denounced the US constitution as having failed to protect black people and called for a "Revolutionary People's Constitutional Convention, to be convened by the American people, to write a new constitution that will guarantee and deliver to every American citizen the inviolable human right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." The statement also asserted that "Black people are not the only group within America that stands in need of a new constitution. Other ethnic groups, the youth of America, Women, young men who are slaughtered as cannon fodders in mad, avaricious wars of aggression, our neglected elderly people all have an interest in a new constitution…" On the same day a similar rally was held in Bobby Hutton Memorial Park in Oakland, "to inform the Black Community concerning the issues of political prisoners and the re-writing of the constitution to make it apply to Black people." On August 8 and 9 the Black Panther Party hosted a planning session for the convention at Howard University in Washington DC. Representatives of several activist groups, including the Gay Liberation Front, Radicalesbians, the Third World Gay Liberation Front, Rising Up Angry, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, and the National Urban League were invited by the Panthers and attended. While tensions between the various groups arose, the session was generally deemed to be productive and no objections were raised to the ultimate decisions of the Agenda Committee. Soon afterwards on August 21 Huey Newton, the Minister of Defense of the BPP, published a letter in the Black Panther newspaper entitled "Letter to the Revolutionary Brothers and Sisters about the Women's and Gay Liberation Movements" in which he affirmed the role of those movements as in line with the radical liberation envisioned by the BPP. This was the first declaration in support of gay rights made by any black political organization in the US, and was widely acclaimed and reprinted by feminists and gay activists, solidifying the place of feminist and gay liberation organizations at the RPCC. A registration form for the convention was published in the same issue of the paper, followed a week later with a schedule of events. A few weeks before the Convention three Philadelphia Panther centers were raided by police, resulting in 14 arrests. The Hartford Courant reported that the Philadelphia Police Commissioner, Frank L. Rizzo, "had considered violence a strong possibility and had tried to keep the Panthers out of town." Despite these attempts, the RPCC convened as scheduled on Labor Day weekend.

Paragraph 15: In 2016, Strathdee enlisted the help of an international team of physicians and researchers to save her husband's life with bacteriophage (phage) therapy after he acquired a life-threatening infection with a 'superbug', Acinetobacter baumannii. Although phage therapy had been used for one hundred years in Eastern Europe, it was not licensed for clinical use in the United States or most of Western Europe.  Her husband, Tom Patterson, appears to be the first person in the U.S. to be successfully cured from a systemic multi-drug-resistant bacterial infection with cocktails of intravenous bacteriophages. After the case was published, it received considerable attention in top medical journals including JAMA  and Lancet, as well as numerous reports in the international press, including a TEDx talk and a presentation at the LIFE ITSELF conference. The Guardian listed this case as one of the top science stories of 2017.  Since her husband's release from hospital in 2016, Strathdee and her physician friend, Robert "Chip" Schooley, who was responsible for treating her husband, have been actively involved in helping other patients  receive phage therapy  and have launched the Center for Innovative Phage Applications and Therapeutics (IPATH), the first phage therapy center in North America at UCSD which is assisting patients with life-threatening superbug infections obtain treatment. IPATH's goal is to conduct translational research and rigorous clinical trials to determine if phage therapy is efficacious to enable its licensure and widespread use. Patterson made a full recovery and returned to work in April 2017. Strathdee and her husband have written a book about their story called The Perfect Predator: A Scientists's Race to Save Her Husband from a Deadly Superbug, which was published by Hachette Book Group in 2019. As a result of the Patterson case, dozens other patients with multidrug resistant bacterial infections have been treated with intravenous phage therapy with the help of IPATH, including Joel Grimwood and Isabelle Carnell-Holdaway. Joel Grimwood was a patient who was ineligible for heart transplantation due to antimicrobial resistant infection. With phage and antibiotic infusions, Grimwood was able to become healthy enough to undergo a successful heart transplantation. Isabelle Carnell-Holdaway was a 15-year-old patient that underwent experimental treatment in which she was the first person in the world to be administered genetically modified phages to fight a multi-drug resistant infection following lung transplantation. IPATH is a clinical site in the first NIH-funded trial of intravenous phage therapy that launched in October 2022.

Paragraph 16: Dominican Vodou is composed of three divisions, the Indian Division, which refers to Taino entities, the Black Division, whose entities are of African origin, and the White Division, whose entities are of European origin. The Indian Division is one of the main features that distinguishes 21 Divisiones from other forms of Vodou. Dominican Vodou uses a different percussion, a lot of times it is played with Abates or "Tambour de Palo", which are of Kongo origin; along with it a Guira (Scraper) is usually used. The drums are known as Palos and the drummers as Paleros, and when a ceremony in which they are at is usually referred to as a Fiesta de Palo. Dominican Vodou is practiced through a Tcha Tcha lineage ("maraca" – which means rattle – lineage). In Haiti, Vodou has come about and become more popular through another lineage known as the Asson. However, before the Asson, the Tcha Tcha lineage was the prominent lineage in Haiti. Thus the Tcha Tcha lineage is one of the oldest lineages within the Vodou tradition. Las 21 Divisiones is less strict than the Haitian Vodou tradition.   There is less regleman (fixed doctrines or rules) within the Haitian Vodou Tradition. There is no fixed doctrine, defined temples or ceremonies, and it does not have as rigid a structure. This can be seen in the many different ways in which Caballos de Misterios conduct ceremonies and how the spirits mount a person. Dominican Vodou practitioners are often called "Caballos" but they are also known as Papa Bokos and Papa Lwa (both for males) and Mama Mambos and Mama Lwa (both for females). One who has obtained this title has gone through the last and highest level of initiation that can take anywhere between 3 and 9 days and nights as well as have spent a time working for the community.

Paragraph 17: Sonnet 54 by William Shakespeare is divided into three quatrains and one heroic couplet. The first two quatrains work together, illustrating both the scentless canker bloom  and the scented rose. In the first two lines of the first quatrain he says that beauty seems more beauteous as a result of truth. In the next two he gives the example of a rose. He says that beyond its looks, we prize the rose for its scent. This scent is its "truth" or essence. In the second quatrain Shakespeare compares the rose to the canker bloom. They have similar in ways other than scent. Shakespeare's use of the words "play" and "wantonly" together implies that "play" has a sexual connotation. In the third quatrain the author compares the death of the two flowers. The canker bloom dies alone and "unrespected", while roses do not die alone, for "of their sweet deaths are sweetest odours made". The final couplet indicates that the young man, or perhaps that which is beauteous and lovely, will enjoy a second life in verse, while that which is meaningless and shallow will be forgotten. This distillation metaphor can be compared to sonnet 5, where marriage was the distiller and beauty was distilled. In either sonnet one gets the same result from the distillation process, which is beauty. However, in sonnet 5 the distillation process is through marriage, and in sonnet 54 it is through verse. "Vade" in the final line is often used in a sense similar to "fade", but "vade" has stronger connotations of decay.  In 1768, Edward Capell altered the final line by replacing the quarto's "by" with "my". This alteration was generally followed through the 19th Century. More recent editors do not favor this alteration, as it narrows the meaning from the larger principles of the sonnet.

Paragraph 18: Toluca would go on to win the Bicentenario 2010 tournament by beating Santos Laguna in a dramatic penalty shoot-out, earning them the tenth cup win, the same amount as Club América. Besides winning the domestic title ten times, Toluca has also been the Runner-Up of the Mexican domestic tournament six times. On the Apertura 2012, Toluca finished first place and therefore earned a place for the Copa Libertadores. On the Ligullia of the Apertura 2012, Toluca went all the way to the final and lose to Club Tijuana 4-1 aggregate. On the Cluasura 2013, Toluca finished 13th and did not qualify for the Ligullia. At the end of that season then coach Enrique Meza resigned his job. The next day Toluca contacted its top scorer former player José Cardozo as its new head coach.

Paragraph 19: The Flinders Highway is a highway that crosses Queensland east to west, from Townsville on the Pacific coast to Cloncurry. The road continues as the Barkly Highway from Cloncurry to the Northern Territory border at Camooweal and beyond. The Flinders Highway passes a number of small outback towns and typical outback landscape predominates towards the inland. It was known as National Route 78 before Queensland began to convert to the alphanumeric system being adopted in Australia and is now designated as A6. The highway is also known as Overlanders Way. Its entire length is part of the National Land Transport Network (formerly Auslink).

Paragraph 20: The first section of the Tōhoku Expressway opened on 13 November 1972 between Kanuma and Utsunomiya interchanges. The next year saw the opening of three sections of the highway: first, an extension north from Utsunomiya Interchange to Yaita Interchange on 9 August, next another section between Shirakawa and Koriyama interchanges opened on 26 November followed by a section opening the next day between Shiroishi and Sendai-minami interchanges. In 1974, only one section between Yaita and Shirakawa interchanges was opened along the expressway on 20 December, this connected the southern section and central sections. 1975 saw the completion of two more sections of the expressway: one between Koriyama and Shiroishi interchanges on 1 April (linking the extant southern and northern sections), and then another on 28 November between Sendai-minami and Izumi interchanges. In 1976, only one section between Izumi and Furukawa interchanges was opened along the expressway on 9 December, extending the expressway further north. 1977 saw the completion of another two sections of the expressway: one between Furukawa and Tsukidate interchanges on 15 November, and then a separate section on 19 November between Ichinoseki and Morioka-minami interchanges. On 2 December 1978, that separate section was linked to the rest of the expressway. The next year saw the opening of two sections of the highway: first, the northernmost section of what would be the completed expressway between Ōwani-Hirosaki and Aomori interchanges on 27 September, next another section extending the expressway north from Morioka-minami Interchange to Takizawa was opened on 18 October. Also, Shiwa Interchange was inserted into the existing expressway on 13 October. 1980 would see the opening of three more sections of the expressway: the first of these extended the expressway south from Iwatsuki Interchange to Urawa Interchange on 26 March, the second extended the main section of the expressway north from Takizawa Interchange to Nishine Interchangeon 8 October, the third extended the northern section of the expressway south to Ikarigaseki Interchange on 29 October. On 4 August 1981, Motomiya Interchange was added to the extant expressway. In 1982, Wakayanagi-Kannari Interchange was added to the extant expressway on 29 March and a new section of the expressway opened on 29 October, extending the main section of the expressway north to Ashiro Interchange. The main section was extended north again on 20 October 1983 to Kazuno-Hachimantai Interchange. In 1984, it was extended north to Towada Interchange on 27 September. Koriyama-minami Interchange was added on 6 November. Hanamaki-minami Interchange was added to the extant expressway on 24 July 1986. Later, on 30 July the completion of the -long Sakanashi Tunnel allowed for the separate northern section of the expressway to be linked to the rest of the expressway. The expressway was completed on 9 September 1987 when it was extended south to its southern terminus at Kawaguchi Junction.

Paragraph 21: As being the second longest bird of paradise species (behind the Ribbon-tailed astrapia), the black sicklebill measures about 110 cm (around 43 inches) in length if the tail is included, and around 24 inches (63 cm) without the tail. The female is around 21 inches (55 cm) in length. The black sicklebill is a very bizarre species of bird of paradise. The male has a black head with a long, silver, slightly downcurved bill (not as downcurved as Drepanornis sicklebills), a bright yellow mouth, scarlet-red eyes which are surrounded by iridescent scaly feathers of typically blue-greenish color that cover most of the front of the face. The rest of the head, including the neck, is jet black. The back is jet black, but is mostly covered with iridescent scale-like feathers with metallic blue color, but can be concluded as greenish-blue in some lights. His wings are black with a less conspicuous bluish iridescence. The greatly exaggerated tail is jet black with a more visible blue iridescence, more notable at the center. On its underside, he has very soft, almost silky brownish-black plumage that ends in relatively elongated flank plumes that extend slightly past the tail, but these plumes are more pronounced in the Brown sicklebill. Typically hidden when perched, the males' most splendid ornaments are two glorious pectoral fans on each side of the breast. These large feathers are almost entirely black, but an outstanding feature is that each feather is intricately tipped iridescent blue-greenish. These fans are used in their courtship displays when they bring them up over their head to form an overall comet shape edged with a stroking narrow, blue line. The female, however, is generically unimpressive. She is an olive-light brown above with more of an orange-brown crown. She is creamy on the belly, which is covered with black barring. She still has a long tail, but not nearly as long as her male counterpart. She differs from the female brown sicklebill by her brown eyes vs. the white eyes of the latter species. The tail is a dull olive. Both sexes have grey-blackish legs and feet.

Paragraph 22: Sony's Santa Monica Studio began development of God of War in 2002, under the working title Dark Odyssey, and unveiled it two years later at SCEA Santa Monica Gamers' Day 2004. Game director and creator David Jaffe said that while the idea for God of War was his own, the concept owed a debt to Capcom because he had played Onimusha and said "let's do that with Greek Mythology". He was inspired in part by the 1981 feature film, Clash of the Titans, saying, "the real high concept for me was ... merging it with Heavy Metal magazine". He said he liked both "the kids stuff ... with Greek Mythology" and the idea of adding more adult themes such as sex and violence. The development team gave themselves "lots of freedom" to modify the myths, and Jaffe said they took the "coolest aspects of the subject" and wrote a story using those elements. Director of visual development and lead concept artist, Charlie Wen, drew inspiration from classic films like Clash of the Titans as well as more contemporary films, such as Gladiator (2000), for tonal inspiration to lead the visual design of Kratos, other characters, and the world of God of War.

Paragraph 23: This duality extends from individual cutsets and cycles to vector spaces defined from them. The cycle space of a graph is defined as the family of all subgraphs that have even degree at each vertex; it can be viewed as a vector space over the two-element finite field, with the symmetric difference of two sets of edges acting as the vector addition operation in the vector space. Similarly, the cut space of a graph is defined as the family of all cutsets, with vector addition defined in the same way. Then the cycle space of any planar graph and the cut space of its dual graph are isomorphic as vector spaces. Thus, the rank of a planar graph (the dimension of its cut space) equals the cyclotomic number of its dual (the dimension of its cycle space) and vice versa. A cycle basis of a graph is a set of simple cycles that form a basis of the cycle space (every even-degree subgraph can be formed in exactly one way as a symmetric difference of some of these cycles). For edge-weighted planar graphs (with sufficiently general weights that no two cycles have the same weight) the minimum-weight cycle basis of the graph is dual to the Gomory–Hu tree of the dual graph, a collection of nested cuts that together include a minimum cut separating each pair of vertices in the graph. Each cycle in the minimum weight cycle basis has a set of edges that are dual to the edges of one of the cuts in the Gomory–Hu tree. When cycle weights may be tied, the minimum-weight cycle basis may not be unique, but in this case it is still true that the Gomory–Hu tree of the dual graph corresponds to one of the minimum weight cycle bases of the graph.

Paragraph 24: The winter fur is soft and tall, with short, dense underfur and long, sparse guard hairs. The fur is generally shorter and not as thick as that of the European polecat. The guard hairs are especially well developed on the lower back, though still sparser than those of the European polecat. Contrary to the former, the steppe polecat's guard hairs never completely cover the underfur. The base colour of the winter fur is very light yellowish or whitish-yellowish. The tips of the guard hairs are blackish-brown or brown, forming a frosting effect over the yellow underfur. This frosting is stronger in the middle and lower back, where the guard hairs are denser and longer. The guard hairs on the upper back, the flanks, between the shoulders and along the upper neck are extremely short, thus being lighter in colour than the posterior region. The head is piebald, with the eye region and the upper side of the nose being covered by a brownish mask. Behind the mask, a white band crosses the head from cheek to cheek. A small brownish area is usually located in front of each ear. The ears are completely white, while the throat is yellowish-white or almost white. Sometimes, the head is entirely white. The lower surface of the neck is dark blackish-brown or brown, while the chest and forelegs are black or blackish-brown. The abdomen is light, yellowish-straw in colour. The groin is the same colour of the forelimbs. The base of the tail is light in colour, while the tip is dark brown. The summer coat is shorter and coarser than the winter fur, and is not as dense and close-fitting, with a more strongly developed ochreous or reddish tone. The head is, overall, darker than in winter, with greater contrast between the dark and white tones.

Paragraph 25: Each of the symbols on the Wheel represents one of the Racing Realms, inter-dimensional worlds that have tracks that go through a single element in the hardest way possible for driving conditions (there are only fifteen Realms in the series, twelve that were actually shown and three that the Drones had already completed before the beginning of the series, but only the AcceleChargers from those three are shown). The Drones have been entering the Realms, and each time a Realm is finished, the first driver to reach the end of the track obtains an AcceleCharger, which gives a car the ability to drive through any condition that relates to the realm that it was won in. Discovering that the Wheel hologram is always in sync with the actual Wheel, it functions as an inter-dimensional portal to the Racing Realms (it should also be noted that the Drones have their own Wheel hologram portal as well, due to them capturing the actual Wheel). The drivers enter the realms to try to stop the Drones but find it harder than the World Race because the Wheel itself decides when to open the Realms and that each Realm only stays open for one hour with no way out but the finish line.

Paragraph 26: Over the last 150, Arcade Creeks hydrology has changed drastically. Due to infrastructure building, peak flow has increased in volume while the construction of drainage systems and loss of land have decreased volume of depression storage. Both these two factors have caused an increase in peak flows as well as higher scour capacity. In the early years, the creek would run dry in some sections but starting about 45 years ago and due to urbanization, the stream flows perennially. During the summer months low flows run about 2 cubic feet per second (cfs), while the average base flows from between 15 and 20 cfs. During pea flows of intense storm systems, it can be as high or higher than 2,800 cfs. Arcade Creek is prone to flooding due to levees on both sides of the stream between Marysville blvd. and adjoining of Steelhead Creek in addition to constriction of channel flow due to road structures. Because of this during heavy storms and large amounts of precipitation, the golf course northeast and the residential area southeast are prone to flooding. Flooding stage gets reported via automatic sensors located at Scott Road and Deer Creek Crossing. CEQA-mandated a need to implement flood control in which the City of Citrus Heights approved a development plan that would provide three basins with a total of 20 acres that would receive and collect any storm water that spills over the creeks banks. Arcade Creeks groundwater is shallow, about 8 to 15 feet deep in depth, but due to being deeply incised from high flows this shallow groundwater lost. In addition, due to the fact that Arcade Creek has a large volume of urban runoff and drainage into the creek, it is filled with toxic pollutants, fertilizers, bacteria, metals, pesticides, soap, grease, fats, oil and other hydrocarbons. Arcade Creek also experiences high volume of litter and trash due to being surrounded by residential and commercial buildings. For the past 10 years, the USGS and Sacramento River Watershed Program have been monitoring Arcade Creeks water quality. It was found that the dissolved oxygen levels were among the lowest, while containing some of the highest contaminant concentration among the bodies of water tested. In 2001, SRWP determined that Arcade Creek ranked #7 in highest concentration of mercury, while having the highest levels of dissolved copper (4.0 ug/L), highest concentration of Zinc, fourth highest in copper, and third highest in arsenic contamination. In addition, Arcade Creek was found to have the highest number diazinon, chloropyrifos, prometon, and prowl which are strong pesticides. Because Arcade Creek flows into the Sacramento River, which leads to the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, and is used as drinking water for over 20 million people toxicity is a major concern.

Paragraph 27:  I Still Do (Surfdog Records, 2016)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          

Paragraph 28: The use of the IV route to administer fluids has been around since the 1830s, and, in 1922, Cecil K. Drinker et al. saw that bone, specifically the sternum, could also be used as a route of administration for emergency purposes. To continue the expansion of knowledge regarding IO administration, a successful blood transfusion took place in 1940 using the sternum, and afterwards, in 1941, Tocantins and O'Neill demonstrated successful vascular access using the bone marrow cavity of a long bone in rabbits. Because of Tocantins and O'Neill's success in their experiments with rabbits, human clinical trials were established using mainly the body of the sternum or the manubrium for access. Emanuel Papper and others then continued to advocate, research, and make advances on behalf of IO administration. Once Papper showed that the bone marrow space could be used with comparable success to administer IV fluids and drugs, intraosseous infusion was popularized during World War II in order to prevent soldiers' death via hemorrhagic shock. While popular in the field during WWII, the use of IO was not seen as a standard for emergencies until the 1980s, and only so for children. With the rise of technology allowing the ease of technique of IO, and a lower risk of complications like bloodstream infections than when using peripheral access, the alternative of IO access has increased throughout the years for adults, as well. IO is now recommended in Advanced Cardiac and Pediatric Advanced Life Support treatment protocols, in cases where access via IV cannot be established in a timely manner.

Paragraph 29: Accounts differ as to who popularized the term. President George Bush introduced the term officially during his presidency. According to Safire, author Christopher Hitchens was responsible for its diffusion, while Valerie Scatamburlo d'Annibale argues that its popularization is due to the work of Eliot Cohen, former counselor to Condoleezza Rice, reputed occasionally to be "the most influential neocon in academe". It circulated in neoconservative circles for some years after 2001 and came into wider currency after President George W. Bush, still grappling to find a phrase that might identify the nature of the "evil" which would define the nature of his enemy in the War on Terror, stated in 2005 that Islamofascism was an ideology synonymous with Islamic radicalism and militant jihadism, which, he then clarified, was decidedly distinct from the religion of Islam. It moved into the mainstream in August 2006.  After the arrest of Islamic terrorists suspected of preparing to blow up airlines, Bush once more alluded to "Islamic Fascists", apparently a "toned-down" variant of the word, The public use of the neologism and the analogous Islamic fascism during the run-up to the U.S. 2006 mid-term elections, perhaps with a specific focus group in mind, provoked an outcry, or storm of protest, and was quickly dropped from the president's rhetorical armory. Katha Pollitt, stating the principle that, "if you control the language, you control the debate", remarked that while the term looked "analytic", it was emotional and "intended to get us to think less and fear". David Gergen, former speechwriter for Richard Nixon, commented that the phrase "confuses more than it clarifies", for "Islamic fascism has no meaning" in the Arab world. Neoconservative writers, critics and scholars from Hitchens to Robert Wistrich however responded that the Muslim religion itself is fascistic, a view which, in identifying Islam with political fascism, was lambasted for being as offensive as the term Judeo-Nazi coined in the 1970s by Yeshayahu Leibowitz, editor of the Encyclopedia Hebraica, to characterize Messianic Jews settling in the occupied West Bank. Hitchens replied that the link is no more deleterious than that made by Leibowitz, or by left-wing analysts who wrote of clerical fascism.

Paragraph 30: On 21 August 2009, it was announced that he had signed a two-year deal with the option of a further year for Liverpool. The Greek international was handed the number 16 shirt. Kyrgiakos scored his first goal for the club against Stoke City on 16 January 2010 in the 57th minute and also completed the full 90 minutes in a 1–1 draw alongside Martin Škrtel at the Britannia Stadium, later being named man of the match by various British sport sites for his performance in that match. On 17 January 2010, former Liverpool striker and football pundit/journalist Stan Collymore wrote an article acknowledging Kyrgiakos' ability, stating that "Kyrgiakos may be keeping Rafa (Benítez) in a job...". Collymore argued that "Sotirios Kyrgiakos could become an unlikely poster boy for the 'new Liverpool.'" He stated, "The big pony-tailed Greek put in a sterling performance at The Britannia and may typify the less football, more grit of the new Reds... And it is no-nonsense men such as Kyrgiakos who like to roll up their sleeves which can keep Rafa in a job right now." Liverpool's very next game was a crunch-match against Tottenham Hotspur, who were perceived as one of the clubs rivalling Liverpool for fourth in the Premier League table. Liverpool won 2–0 and Kyrgiakos put in another solid performance, one described by Sky Sports as "magnificent."