Paragraph 1: Eddie Dee was born Eddie Alexander Ávila Ortiz on April 26, 1977 to his mother Diomaris Ortiz and father Eddie Ávila. He began singing and composing songs at an early age before beginning his musical career in 1990, when he started to appear on television shows. His first encounter with fame was in 1987 when he was already famous in his neighbourhood because of his rapping. In 1991 he was one of the dancers in the Puerto Rican propaganda El Sida Está Cañón, led by the singer Ernesto Morales, a message to prevent AIDS. In 1993, he released his debut album Eddie & The Ghetto Crew. Following the album, he began gaining popularity within Puerto Rico by collaborating with other artists. In 1994 Eddie participated on a music video for Straight From The Ghetto, a mixtape by the producer DJ Guichy, being Edde's first participation on a music video. Eddie Dee became popular with the 1997 single "Señor Oficial," from DJ Adam's Compilation album Mad Jam vol. 2 'The Comeback', which detailed "the injustices that young Puerto Rican men suffered at the hands of the police." It was a commercial success reaching number one in Puerto Rico. The album gained him a "Puerto Rican Rap and Reggae Award for Best Lyrics" the same year.  Around this time as well, Eddie Dee participated in successful compilation albums from the Puerto Rican Hip Hop/Reggaeton scene such as 'Boricua Guerrero' and El Cartel de Yankee with the latter containing the successful single "¿Porque?".  In 1999 he helped a new rapper by supporting his work and recording with him on the song "En Peligro De Extinción", which was part of the track list of his next studio album: El Terrorista De La Lírica (which also includes the posthumous appearance of Frankie Ruiz, a famous American salsa singer, who died in 1998). That rapper was Tego Calderón at his very early beginning in the music industry, and in 2003 he gained international popularity after his first studio album, El Abayarde, which sold 300.000 copies worldwide.  Before the official release of "El Terrorista De La Lirica", Eddie Dee released the maxi-single "Amor Mio" containing a collaboration with Puerto Rican Reggae band Cultura Profética, two remixes, one by Nico Canada and another featuring Angel Lopez of Son by Four fame plus the song "Asi Yo Vivo" which was included on his 2nd album along with the Angel version.

Paragraph 2: Tel Hazor (), also Chatsôr (), translated in LXX as Hasōr (), identified at Tell Waqqas / Tell Qedah el-Gul (), is an archaeological tell at the site of ancient Hazor, located in Israel, Upper Galilee, north of the Sea of Galilee, in the northern Korazim Plateau. In the Middle Bronze Age (around 1750 BCE) and the Israelite period (ninth century BCE), Hazor was the largest fortified city in the country and one of the most important in the Fertile Crescent. It maintained commercial ties with Babylon and Syria, and imported large quantities of tin for the bronze industry. In the Book of Joshua, Hazor is described as “the head of all those kingdoms” (Josh. 11:10). Though some scholars do not consider the Book of Joshua to be historically accurate, archaeological excavations have emphasized its importance.

Paragraph 3: The fourth and final season, 2008–09, started with the Roadrunners facing off against their rivals the Victoria Salmon Kings, with the three game series going two-of-three to the Runners. October ended with the team going 3-2-1 giving the team seven of a possible twelve points on the month. November ended with the team going 5-8-1, giving them 11 of a possible 28 points, bringing the team to fourth in their division. In December the team rallied around the outstanding goaltending of Craig Kowalski and won two consecutive contests at home against the team's rival Las Vegas Wranglers. The two game performance by Kowalski earned him the ECHL Goalie of the Week award, becoming the first Roadrunners Goalie since Cody Rudkowsky in 2006 to win the award. The team also saw Mike Fornataro and Michael Wilson go to the ECHL All-Star Game in January. The team finished the month going 4-6-0 and gave the team eight of a possible 20 points, and staying at fourth in their division. The team finished January with a 5-6-0 record, winning 10 of a possible 22 points. However, a series near the end of the season against the Alaska Aces did not go well, as they were outscored 18-5 throughout the series, and were swept, dashing the Roadrunners' playoff hopes.

Paragraph 4: The oil spills in the Niger Delta also have negative implications on local human health. A primary cause of this is the effect crude oil spills have on crops in the given area. According to a Stanford University article, Oil Pollution in the Niger Delta, there has been an estimation of 240,000 barrels of oil being spilled annually onto the Niger Delta region. Therefore, the prolificacy of this soil is prone to producing crops that contain higher amounts of metal than they would otherwise. Crops that prevailed in the oil spill, such as the pumpkin and the cassava, increased in lead absorption by over 90%. Human Health Effects of Heavy Metals addresses the harm lead and other metals can cause after strenuous exposure. Lead is a heavy metal that accumulates around regions that produce extreme amounts of fossil fuels and seep into products of consumption. Consuming lead is toxic enough to affect every organ and nervous system in the human body. Other detriments include the development of anemia, pregnancy miscarriages, wearing of body joints, and reduction of sperm efficiency. Another detrimental result of crude oil spills in the region is an increase of exposure to radiation, making individuals more prone to developing cancer. Due to the circumstances, the Niger Delta is only capable of producing small portions of food unaffected by oil spills. This has increased hunger in families and individuals of all ages, leading to a country of predominant malnutrition. There is also a higher demand for food of good quality, but not enough monetary income, which leads to sex exchanges that ultimately transmit diseases such as HIV/AIDS, and increase teenage pregnancy and illegal abortions. Citizens briefly mention their bodily experience when consuming local crops and protein in the HBO documentary, The Battle Raging in Nigeria over Control of Oil.

Paragraph 5: Wet-season brood. Male upperside: azure blue deepening in tint towards the apex of the forewing. Forewing: a narrow black terminal edging widened towards the apex; cilia brownish black. Hindwing: costal margin broadly, dorsal margin more narrowly paler than the ground colour; a subterminal series of black spots edged outwardly with white, the spot in interspace 2 the largest, oval or round, the others smaller, transversely sublinear; a clearly defined anteciliary black line; cilia brown with a white line along their bases, often restricted to the posterior half of the wing. Underside: greyish brown. Forewings and hindwings: two subterminal and a terminal white transverse line succeeded by an anteciliary black line on each wing, the ground colour enclosed between these lines of a slightly darker shade with the appearance of somewhat maculate (spotted) transverse bands. On the hindwing near apices of interspaces 1 a, 1 and 2 enclosed between the inner of the two subterminal white lines and the terminal white line are a large round black spot inwardly edged with ochraceous in interspace 2, two minute black geminate (paired) spots in interspace 1 and a similar single spot in interspace 1 a, the latter three spots superposed on a white ground and above the white a narrow transverse short ochraceous line. Forewing: in addition four obliquely placed, transverse, white parallel fasti as follows: two, one on either side of the discocellulars extended between the subcostal vein and the dorsum; two upper discal lines broken and sinuate, extended from just below the costa, the inner lino to vein 3, the outer line to vein 1. Hindwing: crossed by five transverse parallel white fasciae besides the terminal markings already mentioned, these are all more or less interrupted and broken anteriorly and the inner four abruptly curved upwards posteriorly. Antennas, head, thorax and abdomen dark brown, the shafts of the antennas ringed with white, the thorax and abdomen at base with a little blue pubescence; beneath: palpi, thorax and abdomen white.

Paragraph 6: The lieutenant governor of Manitoba (,  (if male) or  (if female) ) is the viceregal representative in Manitoba of the , who operates distinctly within the province but is also shared equally with the ten other jurisdictions of Canada, as well as the other Commonwealth realms and any subdivisions thereof, and resides predominantly in  oldest realm, the United Kingdom. The lieutenant governor of Manitoba is appointed in the same manner as the other provincial viceroys in Canada and is similarly tasked with carrying out most of the monarch's constitutional and ceremonial duties. The present, and 26th, lieutenant governor of Manitoba is Anita Neville, who has served in the role since 24 October 2022.

Paragraph 7: However, the event that truly launched Daim's political career was the day before nominations for the 1982 general elections, when Mahathir told Daim that he was to contest the Kuala Muda Parliamentary seat. Within the short span of the next two years, his rise in politics was meteoric as he was appointed as Minister of Finance in 1984. At that same time the burgeoning economy kept up its momentum despite the high rate of borrowing and spending to keep the economy healthy. The full impact of the world recession on Malaysia was only felt in 1985. Internally too, there were many abuses involving financial institutions brought about by lack of proper supervision and control. By the time he took over, Daim could not avert the scandals, crisis and failures. However, Daim set about implementing a strict code of monetary and financial management to prevent the economic issues from becoming terminal for the whole economy. He stopped the practice of borrowing to beef up funds for spending, he instead curtailed expenditure to suit income, he slashed the allocation for the public sector – upsetting many quarters. In the years 1987, 1988 and 1989, Malaysia paid off about RM6.8 billion of its foreign debts which was earlier than scheduled, a record repayment rate for developing nations. The Far Eastern Economic Review, which had made dire predictions about Malaysia's economy in 1986, admitted in its issue of 1 September 1988 that Daim's effective management style had contributed positively and tremendously to Malaysia's economic recovery.

Paragraph 8: Writers ensured that the couple would encounter many roadblocks throughout their relationship. In November 2020, Johnathon Hughes of Radio Times revealed that Harlow would be experiencing stress at school and that Hendrix would steal exam papers and send them to Harlow in an attempt to help her. Hughes described it as Harlow's future being "in ruins thanks to her boyfriend" and revealed that Harlow would be implicated for the situation. This leaves Harlow to explain herself and convince others that it was not her fault. Four months later, Hendrix becomes involved in an illegal gambling ring and member Natasha Leighton (Sam Healy) forces her wrath upon Harlow by kidnapping her after Hendrix busts the ring. In the aftermath, Harlow is "shaken" and "torn" on what to do, but thinks it would be "best to end the relationship, leaving Hendrix heartbroken." Although Hendrix attempts to impress Harlow, she doesn't think it would be good to rekindle their relationship. Turland told Daniel Kilkelly of Digital Spy, "My honest reaction is that I was quite upset! I do enjoy the relationship between Hendrix and Harlow. We've had a lot of fun building that up ever since I started in the show, as there's always been a chemistry there." Turland continued, "It was upsetting because it was such a familiarity on set and it turned into a beautiful relationship. But it was also exciting to work with Jemma on this storyline. I think Neighbours viewers have learned to love the relationship, so it'll come as a bit of a shock to people. I don't think they'll be too happy to start with. But there's not much you can do to come back from Hendrix's behaviour. He has stuffed up quite a bit, so it's quite reasonable for Harlow to pull the pin. I'm keen to see how people react as the break-up scene was quite upsetting." He also gave hints to a possible reunion of the pair, saying, "Harlow has become a huge part of Hendrix's life and a huge part of his choices. He chose to stay in Erinsborough and not go with his dad because of Harlow, so he truly loves her and will always have a soft spot for her. I think there's definitely potential for a reunion." Donovan also revealed that she was "sad" to see the relationship come to an end, but would "definitely" remain "open-minded" about Harlow's future relationships.

Paragraph 9: The first US vessel to participate in the mass evacuation was the , which left Haiphong on August 17. It carried 1,924 refugees for a 1,600 kilometre, three-day journey to the southern capital. By this time, there were already 132,000 people registered at the waiting areas, although very few had any identification. As a result, there would be more work to be done in identifying their needs once they arrived in the south. The  followed on the next day, with 2,100 passengers. Both were originally built as attack transport vessels. In August, the US policy was liberalised so that Vietnamese and French military personnel could also be evacuated at the discretion of CTF-90 and the Chief Military Assistance Advisory Group (CHMAAG). To cope with the rising volume of southbound sea transport, CHMAAG established a refugee debarkation site at Vũng Tàu, a coastal port at the entrance of the Saigon River. This site relieved congestion in the Saigon refugee camps and decreased the traffic bottlenecks along the river. A setback occurred when a typhoon struck the Haiphong area, destroying almost half of the refugee staging area. Despite the problems, by September 3, the US Navy had evacuated 47,000 northerners after only two weeks of operations. The high rate of evacuation caused the South Vietnamese government to order that only one shipment of at most 2,500 passengers was to arrive in Saigon or Vũng Tàu per day, until September 25. The population pressure in the south was eased as incoming numbers fell due to Viet Minh propaganda campaigns and forcible detention, combined with the rice harvesting season, which had prompted some to delay their departure. Some were even waiting to finish all their business deals before moving in the Lunar New Year. On October 10, the Viet Minh were given full control of Hanoi, closing off one point of evacuation for those who wanted out. Some also decided to stay behind and see how the Viet Minh would treat the inhabitants of Hanoi before making a decision on whether to leave their ancestral lands. On October 20, the French authorities that were still in control of the ports decided to waive docking fees on US vessels engaged in the evacuation. Because of the high demand, the naval vessels had to travel quickly; one ship completed one round trip in a record of only six days. The record for the most passengers taken in one journey was set by the USS General Black, which sailed on October 29 with 5,224 Vietnamese aboard. In November, the evacuation was further hampered by another typhoon, while the entire crew of one American vessel were struck down by a scabies outbreak. In December, because of Viet Minh obstruction, which prevented people from rural and regional areas from travelling to Hanoi and Haiphong to emigrate, the French Navy sent ships to hover just off the coast near the regional town of Vinh to evacuate refugees.

Paragraph 10: Research shows that youth mentorship relationships have the highest impact for "at-risk students” or “disadvantaged” students. Mentoring has shown to have great academic gains for these populations that have higher risk of school failure and dropping out. Although there have been many studies that look at the impact of mentorship and the importance of the length of the mentorship relationship, there has not been many studies that look at the impact of gender in a mentoring relationship. About one third of female mentees’ mentorship was terminated earlier than males. The termination occurred before eleven months; by twelve months an estimated of 46% females had terminated their mentorship. On the other hand, males had an average of two years of mentorship. The research that has been done on gender matching in mentoring relationships has resulted in conflicting findings. For example, in a dissertation study the researcher looked at the impact that a male role model may have on “successful” African American middle school males. The study found that the gender of the role model is not the most important factor, the most important factor was that the role model is someone that has certain qualities such as leadership, accomplishments, work ethic, and creates a caring environment. On the other hand, another study looked at the differences between the mentoring relationships that men and women mentors have with their mentees and found that men and women mentor differently. They found that women mentors give more psychosocial mentoring, where as male mentors give more career mentoring. Yet another study found that natural male mentors had a significant impact on African American youth in regards to their future economic benefits. The study found that African American fatherless youth benefited the most when they had a male mentor compared to a female mentor or no mentor at all. Because of these conflicting findings on the impact of gender matching in mentorship relationships, further research needs to be done on this topic.

Paragraph 11: "Best Friends Forever" received mostly positive reviews for its portrayal of the Terri Schiavo case. In her book The Deep End of South Park, Leslie Stratyner applauds the episode for its ability to "tackle such challenging issues as... right to die in 'Best Friends Forever'... its 'devil-may-care' attitude that has brought a fair amount of acclaim". On a different aspect of the controversy, Jonathan Gray commented that the "twist at the end with Kenny's final page of the will... illustrates just how crazy people become about everyday issues. The only thing Kenny didn't want came true as a result of those two sides". Writing for the Chicago Sun Times, Jeff Shannon described the episode thus: "Clearly aware that taking sides in the right-to-life debate would be a divisive, no-win strategy, Parker and Stone aimed their satirical arrows at the one aspect of the Schiavo case that's indisputably offensive: the horrendous media circus that turned a private matter into a shamefully public spectacle." Jeffrey Weinstock, in Taking South Park Seriously, praised the episode for its parody of the government and how it "derides the use of government to enforce a narrowly-defined 'right-to-life' moral agenda presented as representative of God's will, a tactic predominantly associated with right-conservatives".

Paragraph 12: The clear differentiation between the kohens (the priests) and the other Levites, in the regulations given by the Priestly Code for the ma'aser rishon, is a distinction scholars attribute to the pro-Aaronid political bias of the priestly source; according to the Biblical revisionists' worldview, all Levites can be legitimate priests, which is likely to be why the Deuteronomist does not mention a tithe of the tithe (the portion of the tithe which is given to the priests rather than other Levites), since it would be somewhat meaningless. On the other hand, it raises a question about the distinction between ma'aser and terumah. In the Priestly Code it is stated that the ma'aser rishon existed as the source of sustenance for the Levites, since they had no territory, and hence nowhere to keep livestock or perform agriculture (Numbers ). but this seemingly neglects the existence of a number of scattered Levite cities; scholars believe that the tithe (i.e. the tithe of which the ma'sar ani and ma'aser rishon are conflicting versions) actually arose as a generic heave offering, given to priests at the sanctuaries for their sustenance, and only became distinct when the Aaronids began to position themselves as the only Levites that could be legitimate priests. This view neglects the fact that cities are not agricultural centers and the tithing laws focus on agricultural produce. According to a holistic view of the Torah, the Levites had no portion in the fields. The Book of Amos, cited by some scholars for support of their proposition, admonishes the Israelites about their rebellious offerings to idols by mentioning practices that would be acceptable to idolatry but not Torah Law. Thus, Amos sarcastically remarks that they bring "for three days your tithes", as well as saying that they should offer their todah offerings of leaven (which was forbidden, see Lev. ). Amos . The text itself does not bear out such scholars identification between ma'aser rishon and ma'sar ani. First, the text clearly does not state "three years," it states "three days". Second, the text expressly proposes deviant practices as forms of rebellion. Finally, the owner of the produce was not required to bring ma'sar ani to the Temple; but, rather to the poor, no matter where there were. Likewise, this confused story does not clearly demonstrate how ma'aser sheni developed into a system where the owner separated the tithe for himself and had nothing to do with kings or priests.

Paragraph 13: African-Americans have been a part of the history of the Baltimore City Fire Department dating to Smokestack Hardy and the SHC Auxiliaries agitating the Mayor for them being made permanent and paid firemen in 1949. At the start of WWII firefighters enlisted en masse and the fire auxiliaries were utilized to fight fires in Baltimore. Hardy was the first certified as a firefighter and when the returning troops reclaimed the trucks, he continued to assist. Hardy was mustered out as too old for the army in 1943. In 1953, the first civil service class to include African-Americans was inducted into the fire academy. Many of the auxiliaries were over the age limits by the time of that first class but Charles Miller, Charles L. Scott and Roy Parker went on to serve as full firefighters for the city of Baltimore. In the first class of Auxiliaries to be paid were Lee D. Babb, Cicero Baldwin, Ernest H. Barnes, Louis Harden, Earl C. Jones, Carl E. McDonald, George C.W. McKnight, Jr., Charles T. Miller, Roy Parker, Charles L. Scott and Lindsay Washington. Scott scored no.1 on the civil service list to be hired, out of 48 taking and passing the civil service exam and physical. Hardy and the auxiliaries continued to respond to forth alarms, setting up ladders and assisting the firefighters. Until then, the Fire Department had been described by the black auxiliaries as a "private club" for white males only. The reality for the new firefighters was bleak, blacks were admitted to the Fire Department but they had to deal with segregated beds, toilets and washrooms. In many cases they were not allowed to use the same kitchen spoons or mugs, drink coffee from the coffeepot or read the newspapers bought by 'community chest' funds. Some firehouses had "Reserved" (for Colored People) signs over tables in the kitchens, on beds and a commode. It wasn't just in Baltimore that these incidents took place, but it was a consistent theme wherever blacks were integrated into firehouse life. In 1954, Firefighter Jack Johnson becomes the first to receive the fire departments Meritorious Service Award. In 1959, the first black promoted to the rank of Engine Engineer, Herman Williams, was not allowed to operate the apparatus to a fire. He was later promoted to Chief of the BCFD by Mayor Curt Schmoke in 1992. 1960 saw the first black to be promoted to Lieutenant, James Thomas had earlier achieved the rank of Fire Pump Operator. In the BCFD, Blacks were not allowed join the local union until eight years after they broke the color line. With the full union membership of local 734 set against inducting African-Americans, plus the departmental rules stipulated that you couldn't have any other representation than local 734, blacks determined that they would have representation. As social associations were allowed, The Social Association of Fire Fighters (SAFF) began as firefighters meeting at the house of James Crockett, a member of the third fire class. The SAFF, led by Charles R. Thomas visited the Vulcan Society in NYC who counseled legal action; subsequently, with the help of the law firm Brown Allen and Watts, Labor Leader A. Philip Randolph, The NAACP, The Urban League and some white supporters, the AFL-CIO forced the Local 734 Union to bring the "Negro Issue" to the floor of a general membership meeting. Blacks were denied membership in the Union until 1961 and were allowed to join only after the Union charged them a 'fee' to get in. These 'fees' later were litigated and found constitutional. In 2003 seven of the last remaining recruits who served at 36 Engine House on Edmondson Avenue got together to remember the firehouse as a place where history was made. It used to be the city's fire training school and it was where 10 men broke the color line to become Baltimore's first African-American firefighters. The only member of the 3rd class of black recruits not there on that day was Chief Herman Williams. All had been members of the Vulcan blazers, the incorporated successor to the SAFF. The city officially renamed Engine Company 36 on Edmondson Avenue and Bentalou Street - where for 22 years Thomas served in uniform - the Charles R. Thomas Sr. Engine Company. It is the third city firehouse named after a black firefighter and the second after a Vulcan Blazer. In 2015 the City Council of Baltimore passed resolutions CR-7573 thru CR-7587 thanking these black firefighters for their service to the city and cited their membership in the Vulcan Blazers with the following proclamations - CR 7575 President Dixon, All Members

Paragraph 14: As the debate raged, Shastriji Maharaj paid it no heed, but continued to preach in the villages and propagate the Akshar-Purushottam doctrine. Soon, he began to plan and construct a temple in which Akshar-Purushottam Maharaj would be installed in the central shrine. On 5 June 1907, Shastri Yagnapurushdas consecrated the murtis of Swaminarayan and Gunatitanand Swami in the newly constructed mandir in the village of Bochasan. This marked the beginning of BAPS as an organization since it was the first mandir to have both murtis of Akshar and Purushottam in the central shrine. Shastriji Maharaj continued to propagate the Akshar-Purushottam doctrine and build mandirs, while the coterie of his detractors in the Vadtal diocese continued to attempt to validate his excommunication. Years after the event, they attempted to pressure Gordhanbhai Kothari, then 90 years old and blind, to sign the order of excommunication, but he bluntly refused. Finally, in 1935, an incident in Swaminarayan mandir in the village of Ishnav led to a lawsuit against Shastriji Maharaj by the Acharya of Vadtal that brought the dispute of Shastriji Maharaj's standing in the Vadtal diocese to its "legal conclusion." A group of Shastriji Maharaj’s swamis had visited the village of Ishnav and stayed at the local mandir "with the approval of some villagers but against the wishes of the trustee" Consequently, the Acharya of Vadtal filed a lawsuit aiming to prohibit swamis of the Akshar-Purushottam Sanstha from using properties belonging to the Vadtal diocese on the grounds that they had been officially excommunicated. Although a local judge upheld the legality of Shastri Yagnapurushdas’ expulsion, the verdict was appealed and the District judge, Mr. J.D Kapadiya ruled in favor of Shastri Yagnapurushdas when he stated, "The laws of natural justice have clearly been broken in these proceedings [of 1906], and I have no hesitation in holding that as far as the law courts are concerned they would not recognize the excommunication of defendant No. 1 [Yagnapurushdas]." Thus, Judge Kapadiya overturned the ruling of the lower court and validated that Shastri Yagnapurushdas had not been legally excommunicated from the Vadtal diocese. However, he cited an affidavit from Shastri Yagnapurushdas to rule that he had succeeded from the Vadtal diocese, and was now the head of an organization independent of "the holders of the Vadatal[sic] or Ahmedabad Gadi. Ultimately, the judge ruled that BAPS swamis did not have the right to stay or preach in the Swaminarayan Sampradaya and he restrained Shastri Yagnapurushdas from sending his swamis to that temple."

Paragraph 15: | {{|Local Government and Housing Act 1989|public|42|16-11-1989|maintained=y|An Act to make provision with respect to the members, officers and other staff and the procedure of local authorities; to amend Part III of the Local Government Act 1974 and Part II of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1975 and to provide for a national code of local government conduct; to make further provision about the finances and expenditure of local authorities (including provision with respect to housing subsidies) and about companies in which local authorities have interests; to make provision for and in connection with renewal areas, grants towards the cost of improvement and repair of housing accommodation and the carrying out of works of maintenance, repair and improvement; to amend the Housing Act 1985 and Part III of the Local Government Finance Act 1982; to make amendments of and consequential upon Parts I, II and IV of the Housing Act 1988; to amend the Local Government Finance Act 1988 and the Abolition of Domestic Rates Etc. (Scotland) Act 1987 and certain enactments relating, as respects Scotland, to rating and valuation, and to provide for the making of grants; to make provision with respect to the imposition of charges by local authorities; to make further provision about certain existing grants and about financial assistance to and planning by local authorities in respect of emergencies; to amend sections 102 and 211 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973; to amend the Local Land Charges Act 1975; to enable local authorities in Wales to be known solely by Welsh language names; to provide for the transfer of new town housing stock; to amend certain of the provisions of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1987 relating to a secure tenant's right to purchase his house; to amend section 47 of the Race Relations Act 1976; to confer certain powers on the Housing Corporation, Housing for Wales and Scottish Homes; to make provision about security of tenure for certain tenants under long tenancies; to provide for the making of grants and giving of guarantees in respect of certain activities carried on in relation to the construction industry; to provide for the repeal of certain enactments relating to improvement notices, town development and education support grants; to make, as respects Scotland, further provision in relation to the phasing of progression to registered rent for houses let by housing associations or Scottish Homes and in relation to the circumstances in which rent increases under assured tenancies may be secured; and for connected purposes.}}

Paragraph 16: He enrolled at Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine in 1949 with plans to join the ministry and graduated cum laude in 1953 with high honors in history and is a member of Theta Delta Chi and Phi Beta Kappa. He then earned a master's degree from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University in Medford, Massachusetts. Upon graduation from Tufts, he was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship and attended the University of Melbourne in Australia where he received a second master's degree in 1956.  In addition to the honorary doctorate-in-laws degree that Bowdoin awarded him in 1984, Pickering has been the recipient of 12 honorary degrees.

Paragraph 17: William Ronald was born in Stratford, Ontario, but he and his family moved to Fergus, Ontario where his father worked as a market gardener. When he was in his teens, he and his family moved to Brampton, Ontario. He attended the Ontario College of Art in Toronto, graduating in 1951. He worked as a display designer for the Robert Simpson Co. department store, starting in 1952. At the same time, he had begun to exhibit his abstract work with the Canadian Society of Painters in Water Colour, Ontario Society of Artists, the Canadian Group of Painters, the Royal Canadian Academy, and elsewhere. During these exhibitions he met other abstract artists such as Ray Mead. At Simpsons in 1953, he persuaded management to pair abstract paintings with furniture displays in store windows (it was called the Abstracts at Home show and used the work of Ronald and his friends). He thereby discovered a way to get the public to accept non-representational art. With artist friends of a like mind, he founded Painters Eleven in 1953, the first abstract painting group in Ontario. Despite the success of the group, Ronald resented the city's general attitude toward its artists and moved to the United States in 1957, eventually becoming an American citizen. Ronald joined the stable of artists at Manhattan's Kootz Gallery, where he was put on retainer. He was accepted by critics, collectors, and artists such as Franz Kline, and enjoyed a multi-year period of success. Eventually, Ronald returned to Toronto, as a landed immigrant in the country of his birth, partly due to changing trends in the art market and partly because he could not get along with Kootz. In 1969, he painted a mural for the National Arts Centre, Ottawa. He was made a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts in 1975.

Paragraph 18: King Olav then had a most peculiar dream. When he woke up the next morning, he went to see Rauðúlfr and asked him to decipher it. Rauðúlfr knew the dream without being told, described it to Olav (and the reader), and expounded its meaning.  King Olav had seen a huge crucifix, a green cross with a human figure. This figure was made of metals and other materials with a more or less decreasing value from head to feet.  The head was made of red gold (Icelandic: rautt gull) which glowed like ‘lýsigull’ (bright gold) and had long and golden hair, the neck was of copper, surrounded by Greek fire, and the breast and arms were of pure silver engraved with the paths and figures of the heavenly bodies. The uppermost part of the belly was made of polished iron decorated with the deeds of some ancient heroes like Sigurðr Fáfnisbani, Haraldur hilditönn and Harald fairhair. The middle part of the abdomen was made of impure gold and was decorated with trees, herbs, and terrestrial animals. The lowest part of the belly was made of undecorated impure silver. The thighs had skin or flesh colour and the legs below the knees were made of wood.  Rauðúlfr interpreted the dream vision as the successive reigns of kings of Norway down from the reign of Olav, who represented the golden head and the glory of Heaven, to about 1155 when the reign had been divided (the legs).   By a series of ingenious puns Rauðúlfr linked the character of each of King Olav's successors (or their reign) with the material or decoration of the corresponding part of the crucifix.  Rauðúlfr further explained that the house was rotating in harmony with the sun.   Before the king departed Rauðúlfr demonstrated the use of a (legendary) sunstone to locate the sun in an overcast sky. Finally, Rauðúlfr and his family were proven innocent of the cattle thefts. On the king's departure Rauðúlfr's two sons  joined his retinue.

Paragraph 19: A variation of the A.S.A. appears in Black Lightning. In this show, it is stated that Peter Gambi under his real name of Peter Esposito used to work for the A.S.A. as their spotter. When he left, they gained Vice-Principal Kara Fowdy (portrayed by Skye P. Marshall) as their new spotter. During season one, a faction of the A.S.A. led by Martin Proctor (portrayed by Gregg Henry) has been abducting emerging metahumans and having them stored in pods so that he can build an army. He even planned to expand it by arranging for Black Lightning to be abducted so that they can harvest his DNA. By the season finale, A.S.A. agents assault the Pierce family and Peter Gambi at a house in North Freeland which led to where Black Lightning, Thunder, and Peter fought some of them which ended with most of the agents dead or retreating when Deputy Chief Henderson and the police were approaching. During a confrontation at one of the warehouses storing the metahuman stasis pods, Martin is briefly attacked by Jennifer and shot by Gambi. The news media broadcasts the information that exposed Proctor's rogue operation. As for the briefcase, it falls into the hands of Tobias Whale following his, Syonide, and Painkiller's raid on an A.S.A. base where he had Proctor's thumbs salvaged by his coroner ally. In season two, Lynn Stewart works with the A.S.A. agents that work for Agent Percy Odell (portrayed by Bill Duke) in preserving the pods to the point where they even enlisted convicted scientist Helga Jace to assist in it. As one of the contents in the briefcase, Tobias Whale's latest ally Todd Green cracked the code contained in it which revealed that the A.S.A. was developing metahumans for Project Masters of Disaster. At the same time, Agent Odell secretly has the Pierce family under surveillance when he gets suspicious of them. By the end of season two, Agent Odell visits the Pierce family with his knowledge on Jefferson, Anissa, and Jennifer being Black Lightning, Thunder, and Lightning. He mentions that the metahuman pods have attracted the attention of the Markovians who have reclaimed Helga Jace and would like Black Lightning, Thunder, and Lightning to help the A.S.A. when the Markovians turn Freeland into a battleground. In the third season, Agent Odell starts having the A.S.A. soldiers round up any young metahumans and have Deputy Chief Henderson impose a curfew to keep the young metahumans from falling into the hands of the Markovians. Odell is assisted by Commander Carson Williams (portrayed by Christopher B. Duncan), Major Sara Grey (portrayed by Katy M. O'Brian), and Sergeant Gardner Grayle (portrayed by Boone Platt). It was also revealed by Tobias Whale to Issa Williams that Martin Proctor worked for Odell and Odell works for the President of the United States. The A.S.A.'s motives have often clashed with a resistance that is secretly led by Chief Henderson. By the season three finale and after the Markovian invasion on Freeland, Carson Williams is killed by Lynn Stewart in self-defense, Sara Grey is killed by Technocrat during his and Gambi's shootout with her commandos, Gardner Grayle sides with the rebels, and Odell is wounded by Khalil and arrested. During the congressional hearing where Black Lightning exposed the A.S.A.'s experiments as well as Markovia's experiments using the decrypted briefcase they have, Representative Nagar states that Odell will be prosecuted and the A.S.A. will be disbanded.

Paragraph 20: The Software Toolworks was founded by programmer Walt Bilofsky, who, after studying at Cornell University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), had worked for the Institute for Defense Analyses, as a programmer for RAND Corporation, and as a consultant. In 1979, he acquired and assembled a Heathkit H89 microcomputer; he found that the microcomputer lacked important software and thus began developing new software and ports of his own, including a fullscreen editor and a compiler for the C programming language entitled C/80, the latter based on Ron Cain's public-domain compiler Small-C. Bilofsky subsequently contacted the Heath Company, which made the Heathkit series of microcomputers, to have it market his software and, in response, was told that the operating system and the BASIC programming language Heathkit microcomputers came with were sufficient. He instead turned to advertise his software in BUSS, a Heathkit hobbyist newsletter, starting in 1980, quickly receiving orders for his software. Bilofsky eventually adopted the name "The Software Toolworks", using it publicly for the first time with an advertisement submitted to the magazine Byte in June 1980. He converted his garage in Sherman Oaks, California, to a two-room office, outfitting it with a disk duplicator, shelving, and a shipping area. This office was later relocated into a garden shed. By the end of the year, Toolworks had entered the video game business, having published Airport, an air traffic control game by Jim Gillogly, and MyChess, a chess game by Dave Kittinger. This continued in 1981, with Robert Wesson developing a clone of Pac-Man, the game Munchkin, and a port of Invaders for the H89, and Bilofksy adapting the artificial intelligence psychiatrist ELIZA. Other early non-game software included the spreadsheet editor Zencalc (later replaced by MyCalc), the text editor PIE, the text formatting application TEXT, and the spelling checker SPELL.

Paragraph 21: In trailers, this remote air-supply is in the form of a tank, which is charged whenever the emergency brakes are released via the red trailer-supply valve on the dashboard. In a dual-circuit air brake system, this tank actually receives its air from both  the primary and secondary reservoirs of the tractor; the air from both of these reservoirs is merged via a two-way check valve. The two-way check valve is a pneumatic device that has two inputs and one output; each input is connected to one these reservoirs. Only the air that is at the higher pressure is allowed to pass through to the check valve's output, which then passes through the tractor-protection valve, and then travels onward towards the trailer's air-tank and spring brake valve via the red trailer-supply line (a.k.a., the emergency line); this releases the trailer's emergency brakes (a.k.a. spring brakes). The tractor-protection valve is a device that prevents air from being lost from the tractor's braking system in the event of the air-lines becoming separated or broken. The tractor's air-lines connect to the trailer's air-lines via metal connectors known as gladhands.  The merged air from both reservoirs of the tractor prevents air-loss from only one tractor braking circuit from causing the trailer's spring brakes to automatically apply. This gives the driver more control, and prevents the vehicle from grinding to a halt in an unsafe location, such as in the middle of an intersection.

Paragraph 22: Tan was born in Singapore in 1974. During her youth she studied at Raffles Girls' School followed by three years in the Netherlands. After her studies in the Netherlands, she studied English literature at the University of East Anglia, from which she graduated with honours. Tan also holds a master's degree in English Studies (1500-1660) from the University of Oxford. After winning the New York Times Fellowship in 1997 she studied creative writing at New York University. She has since received her MFA in creative writing at New York University. She has published various short stories before, and at the age of 23, she got her first book, Foreign Bodies (1997), to print. Her second novel, Mammon Inc (2001), was adapted for the stage during the 2002 Singapore Arts Festival and won the 2004 Singapore Literature Prize. Furthermore, she has received awards from the National Arts Council, the National University of Singapore, the New York Times Foundation and the British Broadcasting Corporation. In 2003, she was awarded the Young Artist Award.

Paragraph 23: In 1993, Bárbara was proclaimed the Ambassador of Ranchera Music. She also earned the El Rostro Bonito de El Heraldo de México ("The Heraldo's Beautiful Face") award. As a result, she was invited to perform for Pope John Paul II during a Mass at The Vatican. When Mass neared its close; however, she still hadn't been given an opportunity to sing, so she interrupted the proceedings, commanded the attention of the Pope, and began to sing. After mass Pope John Paul II approached her, blessed her, and wished her luck in her career. In 1994, she was noticed by record executives from Fonovisa, one of the top labels in the regional Mexican market. After signing with Fonovisa, she created artistic stage name "Ana Bárbara" and launched her self-titled debut album Ana Bárbara. The album was produced and largely written by Aníbal Pastor; it also included songwriting from fellow Mexican singer Joan Sebastian. Songs like Sacúdeme and Nada helped Bárbara establish herself as a Grupero star. Bárbara released her second album titled La Trampa in July 1995, also produced by Aníbal Pastor. La Trampa catapulted her popularity and immediately became a commercial and radio hit. Bárbara received industry accolades as well as invitations to tour and open for some of the biggest regional Mexican artists, such as Vicente Fernandez and Los Tigres del Norte. She has appeared on important Latin American television shows such as Sabado Gigante and Siempre en Domingo. Consecutive hits and popular music videos, such as Me Asusta Pero Me Gusta and La Trampa, topped Billboard Hot Latin Tracks and established her as La Reina Grupera (The Queen of Grupero Music).

Paragraph 24: Within Micronesia, the introduced term “lavalava” is used to describe loom-woven skirts in the Outer Islands of Yap, though weaving and wearing of these textiles once extended further east into present-day Chuuk State.  Worn around a woman's hips, the fringed ends "meet together at the front and are then wrapped to one side and secured by a belt." Among these Western Caroline Islanders, traditional loom weaving has been described as “highly developed” and weavers have long demonstrated “singular ingenuity and resourcefulness” in their work. The skirts’ cultural significance “far exceeds their function simply as items of daily wear.” The lava-lava is nothing less than a “highly condensed visual expression of social and economic relations, ritual affairs, and the aesthetic ideals of Micronesian society.” In addition to being worn daily by all females who have reached womanhood in the atolls of the Western Caroline Island, the skirts are also used for investiture, initiation and the burial of local leaders. While back-strap tension weaving of skirts remains a common practice in the Outer Islands of Yap in Micronesia, among migrants the practice is diminishing.

Paragraph 25: If the form is indefinite and even we may as well assume that it is of nonpositive signature by changing orientations if necessary, in which case it is isomorphic to a sum of m copies of II1,1 and 2n copies of E8(−1) for some m and n. If m ≥ 3n (so that the dimension is at least 11/8 times the |signature|)  then there is a smooth structure, given by taking a connected sum of n K3 surfaces and m − 3n copies of S2×S2. If m ≤ 2n (so the dimension is at most 10/8 times the |signature|) then Furuta proved that no smooth structure exists . This leaves a small gap between 10/8 and 11/8 where the answer is mostly unknown. (The smallest case not covered above has n=2 and m=5, but this has also been ruled out, so the smallest lattice for which the answer is not currently known is the lattice II7,55 of rank 62 with n=3 and m=7. See  for recent (as of 2019) progress in this area.) The "11/8 conjecture" states that smooth structures do not exist if the dimension is less than 11/8 times the |signature|.

Paragraph 26: Giannini was born in Philadelphia on October 19, 1903. He began as a violinist under the tutelage of his mother Antonietta Briglia; he would go on to study violin and composition at the Milan Conservatory on scholarship, and then to take his graduate degree at the Juilliard School. He returned to Juilliard to teach, moving on to the Manhattan School of Music and the Curtis Institute of Music. His students included Herbie Hancock, Nicolas Flagello, David Amram, Mark Bucci, Alfred Reed, Anthony Iannaccone, M. William Karlins, Irwin Swack, John Corigliano, Adolphus Hailstork, Rolande Maxwell Young, Thomas Pasatieri, Avraham Sternklar, Mary Lynn Twombly, and Nancy Bloomer Deussen. Giannini was the founder and first president of the North Carolina School of the Arts in 1965, which he envisioned as a type of Juilliard of the South, bringing artists such as cellist Irving Klein and violinist Ruggiero Ricci to teach there. He remained there until his death in 1966.

Paragraph 27: |In Louis J. Morié's narrative, "Piankhi III" was succeeded by "Amenasro II", who ruled over Aethiopia for 2 years, from 652 to 650 BC and over Egypt for 1 year, 652 to 651 BC. He was the son or brother of "Nouat-Meiamoun". Aethiopian power in Egypt came to end during his short reign due to the Ethiopians being expelled from Egypt by Psamtik I and the Assyrians (this actually happened in the reign of Tantamani). The Hermotybian division of the Egyptian military (made of approximately 240,000 Meshwesh warriors) apparently tried to rebel against Psamtik I but later emigrated en masse to Aethiopia. Psamtik begged them to return to Egypt, but one of them supposedly insulted the king by striking his spear in the ground saying that as long as they had weapons they did not need to return to Egypt. He then showed his genitals and said that wherever they go they will not lack food or children. This insult was supposedly was the reason why they were later the called the "Asmakh" (meaning "People on the left of the king") and were called by the Greeks the "Automoles" (Voluntary Emigrants) or "Sembrites". The "Asmakhs" gave themselves to the service of the king in Napata, "Amenasro II", who gave permission to conquer more territory on his behalf. Morié believed that this territory included what later became the Kingdom of Axum. The "Asmakhs" remained in Aethiopia founded a capital city called "Esar" between the Blue Nile and White Nile, where their descendants lived for 300 years and the territory was were the Shilluk Kingdom was later located. Despite the loss of a large part of his army, Psamtik would attempt to conquer Aethiopia and massacred many people there before relocating the southern boundary of Egypt to the second cataract of the Nile, and area called "Dodekaschoinos" by the Greeks. "Amenasro II"'s daughter and heir "Ait" was taken prisoner and given as a slave to Psamtik's daugher "Amen-merit". "Amenasro"'s wife queen "Hatasou" was killed. As revenge, "Amenasro II" waged war against Egypt but was captured by an Egyptian general named "Ramessou" and taken prisoner. However, "Ramessou" had fallen in love with "Ait" and attempted to flee Egypt with both her and her father "Amenasro". However, Psamtik's daughter "Amen-merit", who "Ramessou" was betrothed to, was jealous and foiled this plan. Only "Amenasro" was able to escape Egypt but a group of Egyptians had been sent to find him and he later died while defending his life and freedom. "Ramessou" and "Ait" were sentenced to death."Amenasro II" had two daughters with his wife, including "Ait". According to Morié, his name can be found on a pink granite lion statue discovered at Jebel Barkal. This likely refers to a granite lion statue bearing the name of Amanislo, a Kushite king who reigned in the 3rd century BC. One of "Amenasro II"'s daughters had a son named "Aspourta" who did not immediately succeed "Amenasro".The 1922 Ethiopian king list extended this king's reign to 16 years.

Paragraph 28: Dennis Schwartz from Ozus' World Movie Reviews gave the film a negative review. In his review of the film, Schwartz called it "One of the most incoherent films ever made because the plot line can't be explained rationally nor are the characters clearly defined." When reviewing the film, Horror News.net also noted the reason behind its negative reputation: "The film itself falls into the 'worst' category with not only a lethargic presentation but with its odd-pieced editing style. Some scenes pop in out of nowhere that really don't seem to have much to do with the previous scene. Others are typical conversation scenes that are just edited back and forth in a haphazard way. I think the film stands better as a piece to be mocked and laughed at than as a real piece of important cinema. In fact, you may find humor in just those elements alone that make the experience one to look for mistakes, continuity errors and ridiculous logic at times. Why they felt the need that it needed some hipster dance scenes thrown in to sell more tickets is beyond me. But the result is so odd that it also deserves a laugh. It's classic B-grade miss mash that only has appeal in its disjointed effort."

Paragraph 29: Dale's death was adulated by commentators, who affirmed that it was a gruesome and emotional scene. Scott Meslow of The Atlantic suggested that because of his death, The Walking Dead embraced a more dark and sinister philosophy. He asserted, "Taken broadly, his death marks the death of a certain morality on the show, and the embrace of a philosophy that's something crueler and darker. Dale, unlike any of the other survivors, maintained his humanity to the very end of his waking life—but even he couldn't choose not to come back as something amoral and inhuman. In a world that seems utterly incapable of getting better, it's a none-too-reassuring sign that things will almost certainly get worse." Gina McIntyre of Los Angeles Times echoed synonymous thoughts: "It's left to Daryl to shoot the man to end his suffering, which is profoundly too bad. Without Dale to raise all those nagging concerns about doing what's right, zombie apocalypse or no zombie apocalypse, I fear for the future of this walker-infested world." Handlen and Calgary Herald Kimberly Potts thought that it was among the shocking moments in the series, while Friedman expressed that she was "riveted by the awesome attack [...] and filled with sadness, as the original gang watched their friend die a slow and painful death". Handlen remarked: "It’s a shocking scene, partially for its straight-forward gore, and partially for the astonished, uncomprehending expression on Dale’s face. [...] This, right here, is the kind of sequence the show needs. There’s too little sense of danger right now." Verne Gay of Newsday described the sequence as "violent", and ultimately summated that DeMunn's absence will be felt as the show progresses. However, Lamar professed that the writers should have written off Dale in a more respectable way; "That wasn't the way to off the show's most annoyingly sane character. Dale's redeeming quality was his ability to guilt everybody into paying lip service to rule of law; his weakness was his naïveté. Having an escaping Randall kill him would've offered some poetic symmetry. I'm not going to miss this character, but he deserved a better send-off." Time journalist Nate Rawlings drew allusions from Dale's attack to the episode title, commenting that "when the lone zombie we see in this episode tears open Dale’s stomach, spilling the contents of his body onto the cold ground, we’re reminded that the walkers are the judges, they’re the jury, and this particular one was a most brutal executioner." Although he was shocked by the sequence, Goldman assailed the earlier development of Dale in the episode, opining that he was obnoxious.

Paragraph 30: The story of the longest 16 seconds in league history would happen in 1980 featuring the Toyota Tamaraws and the U/Tex Wranglers. The two teams tangled in the Finals of the Open Conference title with U/Tex having the privilege of playing their two imports side by side with each other. The two, Glenn McDonald and Aaron James, combined forces with Bogs Adornado, Lim Eng Beng and the diminutive Ricky Pineda to form a solid starting unit. Toyota of course had their resident import Andy Fields partnered with another old reliable in King. In Game 4 of the series and U/Tex ahead 2–1, Tommy Manotoc pulled out all his starters and sent in his shock troopers with more than 7 minutes remaining in the game and the Tamaraws up by only 9 points. Reporters bitterly criticized Manotoc's move for conceding the game at such an early stage, but Manotoc justified this by saying the most famous quote, "one step backwards, two steps forward" in reference to the tactic of relieving his star players and giving them enough time to rest in preparation for the all important Game 5. Toyota won Game 4 handily of course. In Game 5, with time down to 16 seconds, U/Tex in possession and Toyota ahead by four 94–90, the 16-second miracle happened. Upon receipt of the inbound pass from Lim Eng Beng, Aaron James cranked up a jumper from 18 feet to bring the game closer by 2, time down to 11 seconds. Toyota had possession, inbounded from the endline, but the full court press of U/Tex somehow added pressure to the Tamaraws. Instead of just holding on to the ball and waiting for a foul while watching the time tick away, the Tamaraws made one hurried pass after another until it reached the frontcourt. In the ensuing play, Arnie Tuadles made a pass to Abe King, who was unmolested in the paint, but his pass was read well by McDonald, who intercepted the ball. Francis Arnaiz, in haste, fouled McDonald in penalty instead of putting up a solid defense against the 6-foot, 6-inch former Celtic. McDonald proved once again that his 1976 championship performance with Boston was no fluke and sank both free throws with time down to 2 seconds left. The game was tied and Toyota couldn't buy a basket in the remaining seconds, forcing the game into overtime, the very first recorded OT in Game 5 in PBA History (and probably the only one to date). At the end of 5 minutes of extension, U/Tex saw itself at the winning end with a 99–98 victory against the Tamaraws.