Paragraph 1: In February 1989, Anjelica gives birth to her son with her former lover Justin by her side. Anjelica's husband Neil Curtis (Joseph Gallison) misses the birth and Justin steps in, not knowing he is the boy's father. Justin's uncle Victor Kiriakis (John Aniston) names the baby Alexander, after Justin's father, behind Anjelica's back. Anjelica warns him that Neil will fight him in court. Meanwhile, Justin and his estranged wife Adrienne are named the boy's godparents. While Neil is distracted due to his gambling addiction, Victor steals a tape of Anjelica confessing Alexander's paternity and plots to raise Alexander as his own. When Victor and Justin have a falling out, Anjelica convinces Neil to adopt Alexander to keep Victor at bay. Victor suddenly pressures Neil to repay his debts and a desperate Anjelica gives Adrienne a copy of her confession tape. Adrienne confronts Justin and while he admits to the affair, he insist on a DNA test to prove Anjelica's claims. The DNA test proves that Alexander is Justin's son leaving Adrienne devastated and Neil furious over being kept in the dark. Justin promises to provide for Alexander but he refuses to give up on Adrienne. In May 1989, Anjelica takes Alexander and leaves Neil. She tries to rent the apartment next door to Justin, but Adrienne won't allow it. Anjelica later crashes a surprise party for Adrienne's mother Jo (Joy Garrett) begging Justin to take her to the hospital as Alexander is sick. Justin calls Anjelica out for her schemes as Alexander proves to be healthy. When Justin refuses to let her move in with him, she threatens to move in with Victor. Justin calls her bluff and forces Anjelica's hand, so she turns to Victor. Justin legally establishes himself as Alexander's father leaving Adrienne in fear that she'll lose her husband to Alexander and Anjelica. Meanwhile, Anjelica rethinks her decision to raise Alexander around Victor due to his womanizing. Victor offers to marry Anjelica but she rejects him for Justin. Fearing Victor will ultimately turn Alexander against him, Justin schemes to get Alexander, and Anjelica, away from his uncle. A desperate Anjelica accepts Victor's proposal only for Justin to interrupt the wedding and announce that Alexander and Anjelica are moving in with him. Unable to cope with Anjelica and Alexander's presence, Adrienne moves out leaving Justin in turmoil as he cannot choose between his wife and his son. After failing to seduce Justin, Anjelica plans to take Alexander and move out only for Victor to have him abducted from Justin's penthouse. Fortunately, Roman Brady (Drake Hogestyn) rescues Alexander from Victor's henchwoman, Yvette (Lori Hallier). Anjelica starts to spiral as she prepares to move out and Justin ask her and Alexander to stay. In October 1989, Justin moves back to the Kiriakis mansion alongside Alexander and Anjelica just as he and Adrienne are legally separated. In November 1989, Anjelica is worried that Alexander will lose out on his piece of the Kiriakis empire when Victor announces his engagement to Yvette.

Paragraph 2: For the second consecutive season under Bölöni, Gourcuff rotated between the club's reserve team and the senior team. He appeared in nine matches with the reserve team and 21 with the senior team. Gourcuff only started six matches with the latter team scoring no goals and providing one assist. In the 2005–06 season, he was reassigned the number 10 shirt by Bölöni and giving a starting place within the team. In his first season as a starter, Gourcuff appeared in 42 total matches and scored six goals. He formed midfield partnerships with fellow Frenchman Olivier Monterrubio and the Swede Kim Källström and made his European debut on 15 September in a UEFA Cup first round tie against Spanish club Osasuna appearing as a substitute. Rennes won the tie 3–1 on aggregate and were later eliminated in the group stage portion of the competition. Three days after his European debut, on 18 September, Gourcuff scored his first professional goal against Monaco in a 2–0 win. In November, Gourcuff scored goals in back-to-back matches against Troyes and Toulouse. In the latter part of the season, Gourcuff went on a scoring run netting three goals in a span of four weeks. He scored the first of these goals on 25 February 2006 in a 4–1 away win over Lyon. After going a week without a goal, Gourcuff responded by scoring goals in back-to-back weeks in wins over Ajaccio and Metz. In the Coupe de France, Gourcuff appeared in all four of the team's matches as Rennes reached the semi-finals where the club was defeated 3–0 by Marseille. Rennes ultimately finished the season in 7th place in the league, which resulted in the club qualifying for the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Gourcuff finished his Rennes career with 80 appearances, six goals, and nine assists.

Paragraph 3: Chlorocebus monkeys live in multiple male/multiple female groups, which can be as large as 76 individuals. The group hierarchy plays an important role: dominant males and females are given priority in the search for food, and are groomed by subordinate members of the group. They exhibit female philopatry, a social system whereby the females remain in the same home range where they were born, and males leave once sexually mature. These monkeys are territorial animals, and a group can occupy an area of approximately . They use a wide variety of vocalizations. They can with warn off members of other groups from their territory, and they can also warn members of their own troop of dangers from predators, using different calls for different predators. Monkeys scream when they are disciplined by members of the troop. Facial expressions and body posturing serve as additional communication tools. Their social interactions are highly complex. Where alliances can be formed for benefit, deception is sometimes used. Physical affection is important between family members.

Paragraph 4: In the weeks immediately following his side's 2017 premiership victory, Prestia underwent minor ankle surgery. It saw him face a minimally restricted pre-season program, confined to running exercises until mid-January. He faced another set-back in mid-February however, after sustaining a hamstring strain while training. He missed both of Richmond's JLT Community Series pre-season matches as a result despite aiming for a return in the second match of the series. A minor re-occurrence in early March saw him fail to play in round 1, instead making his return to football through the VFL the following week. He was impressive in that match, recording 19 disposals, eight tackles and five clearances on less than three quarters of game-time. He was named to make his return to AFL football in round 3 but was withdrawn from the team just a day later when he suffered a fresh glute strain at training, reportedly unrelated to his earlier soft-tissue injuries. Prestia finally made his AFL return in round 4, but was reduced to limited minutes as a precautionary measure. Despite the restriction he proved an influential player, contributing 23 disposals and a game-high seven clearances in his side's 93-point demolition of the . He remained in the side for a further three weeks including in round 7 where he sustained a minor calf injury and sat out the closing stages of that match. Scans confirmed no serious damage but the club was conservative with his recovery, opting to sit him out of the following week's match but expecting him to miss no more than two weeks. After three consecutive matches on the sidelines however, the club eventually revised their expected return date for Prestia, indicating he would miss at least a further three matches. By mid-June Prestia had made a return to conditioning work, allowing him to return to match play in round 15's clash with . The following week he was among Richmond's best players when he recorded 28 disposals, six clearances and a game high 11 score involvements in a win over , earning him five coaches award votes. In round 18 he posted a career-best total of three goals against St Kilda in a performance that earned him a maximum 10 coaches award votes. Prestia suffered a broken rib in the match that followed, forcing him to miss one week with the injury. While he played the full match upon his return in round 21, Prestia suffered a sore hamstring and missed round 22's clash with Essendon before playing in the club's final match of the home and away season in round 23 against the  After the club secured the minor premiership, Prestia played a key role in Richmond's qualifying final win over  with 26 disposals, five clearances and seven inside 50s along with being named by AFL Media as one of Richmond's best. In the season-ending knock-out preliminary final loss to  that followed, Prestia recorded 24 disposals but was labelled by Fox Footy as "below his best". Prestia finished the year having played 13 matches and placed 11th in the club's best and fairest count despite that low tally.

Paragraph 5: At the same time that the Spaniards were occupying the ancient Otomi settlements, as is the case of the present-day city of Salamanca (Guanajuato), founded in the Otomi settlement of Xidóo ("Place of tepetates)") in 1603 by decree of Gaspar de Zúñiga y Acevedo, viceroy of New Spain. Some Otomi families were forced to accompany the Spaniards in the conquest of the northern territories of Mesoamerica, occupied by the warlike Arido-American peoples. The Otomi were colonizers who settled in cities such as San Miguel el Grande, Oaxaca and other cities of El Bajio. In fact, the colonization process of this territory was essentially the work of the Otomi, with the lordship of Xilotepec as the spearhead. In El Bajío, the Otomí served as a bridge for the sedentism, or the settling of the nomadic population and Christianization of the nomadic peoples, who ended up being assimilated or exterminated by force. The importance of El Bajío in the economy of New Spain turned it into a scenario where different ethnic groups later converged, including the Tlaxcalan migrants, the Purepecha and the Spanish, who would finally end up overcoming all the indigenous groups that supported them in the conquest of this territory that had been the habitat of numerous peoples classified as Chichimeca. However, until the nineteenth century, the Otomi population in El Bajío was still a major component, and some of their descendants remain in municipalities such as Tierra Blanca, San José Iturbide and San Miguel de Allende. Otomí population movements continued throughout the colonial era. For example, in San Luis Potosí, a total of 35 Otomi families were forcibly taken to occupy the periphery of the city and defend it from attacks by the nomadic people of the region in 1711. In several places, the Otomi population was decimated not only by forced or consensual migrations, but also by the constant epidemics suffered by the Mesoamerican tribes after the Conquest. Numerous communities were wiped out between the sixteenth and eighteenth centuries due to disease.

Paragraph 6: The War took its toll on Baker, and he was ordered back in 1943 to England to recuperate. But fate took a hand in delaying his departure by about three months as he waited for a boat in Bombay. During this time he stayed with a Quaker friend, who also happened to be a good friend of the Mahatma. Baker attended many of Gandhiji's talks and prayer-meetings — which eventually led to a more-than-casual friendship between them. This was also the time of the Gandhi-Jinnah talks and the height of the 'Quit India' movement. So though he felt the need to return to India, to settle and work here, Baker was initially discouraged by the nationwide animosity to the Raj and to all Westerners. But the Mahatma reassured him that though the Raj must quit, concerned individuals would always find a welcome place to work with Indians. In fact, Gandhiji showed great interest in the leprosy work in China, and the lives of the ordinary people  there. "It was also from the influence of Mahatma Gandhi I learnt that the real people you should be building for, and who are in need, are the 'ordinary' people — those living in villages and in the congested areas of our cities." Gandhi's idea was that it should be possible to build a home with materials found within a five-mile radius of a site. This was to have a great influence in his later life.

Paragraph 7: The nationalization of the Chilean copper industry, commonly described as the Chileanization of copper () was the process by which the Chilean government acquired control of the major foreign-owned section of the Chilean copper mining industry.  It involved the three huge mines known as 'La Gran Mineria' and three smaller operations.  The Chilean-owned smaller copper mines were not affected. The process started under the government of President Carlos Ibáñez del Campo, and culminated during the government of President Salvador Allende, who completed the nationalization. This "act of sovereignty" was the espoused basis for a later international economic boycott, which further isolated Chile from the world economy, worsening the state of political polarization that led to the 1973 Chilean coup d'état.

Paragraph 8: The club's debut home match in first-class cricket was played at Durdham Down in the Clifton district of Bristol.  This was the only time the county used this venue for a match.  The following year Gloucestershire began to play matches at the Clifton College Close Ground in the grounds of Clifton College in the same part of the city, and this remained a regular venue for the county until the 1930s, hosting nearly 100 first-class matches.  In 1872 the county used a venue outside Bristol for the first time when they played at the College Ground in the grounds of Cheltenham College.  This venue has continued to be used regularly for the county's annual "Cheltenham festival" event, which in the modern era incorporates additional charity events and off-field entertainment.  In 1889 Gloucestershire began to play matches at the Bristol County Ground in Bristol, which has subsequently served as the club's main headquarters and hosted the majority of the county's matches.  It was here that the club played its first List A match in 1963 against Middlesex, and its first Twenty20 match forty years later against Worcestershire.  Somerset have played first-class matches at other venues in the city.

Paragraph 9: The force accelerating a pinewood derby car is gravity; the opposing forces are friction and air drag. Therefore, car modifications are aimed at maximizing the potential energy in the car design and minimizing the air drag and the friction that occurs when the wheel spins on the axle, contacts the axle head or car body, or contacts the track guide rail. Friction due to air drag is a minor, although not insignificant, factor. The wheel tread can be sanded or turned on a lathe and the inner surface of the hub can be tapered to minimize the contact area between the hub and body. Polishing the wheel, especially the inner hub, with a plastic polish can also reduce friction. Often one front wheel is raised slightly so that it does not contact the track and add to the rolling resistance. Axles are filed or turned on a lathe to remove the burr and crimp marks and polished smooth. More extensive modifications involve tapering the axle head and cutting a notch to minimize the wheel-to-axle contact area. Packs can establish additional rules for what, if any, modifications are allowed. In some areas, no changes can be made to the axles or wheels.

Paragraph 10: Wright was born in Willcox, Arizona, though a few sources erroneously give Wright's place of birth as Durango, Colorado, or Durango, Mexico), the youngest of seven children born to James ("Jim") and Clara Wright (née Martin). Wright's maternal grandfather, Caleb Baines Martin, was a runaway slave from Natchez, Mississippi, who fled to the Arizona Territory shortly before the Civil War. After serving in the Union Army as a Buffalo Soldier, he homesteaded 160 acres in Graham County, Arizona. He bought cattle from Colonel Henry Hooker and established a dairy ranch on the property (which eventually grew to 640 acres), making him the first African American ranch owner in Southwest Arizona. He supplied dairy produce to Fort Grant and surrounding settlers.

Paragraph 11: Background and early years: The background behind the creation of the Indian Olympic Association was related to India's participation in the 1920 and 1924 Olympics.  After the 1920 Games, the committee sending the team to these games met, and, on the advice of Sir Dorab Tata, invited Dr. Noehren (Physical Education Director of YMCA India) to be secretary, along with AS Bhagwat, of the provisional Indian Olympic Committee; Dorab Tata would serve as its president.  Subsequently, in 1923–24, a provisional All India Olympic Committee was formed, and the All India Olympic Games (that later became the National Games of India) were held in Feb 1924. Eight athletes from these games were selected to represent India at the 1924 Paris Olympics, accompanied by manager Harry Crowe Buck. This gave impetus to the development and institutionalization of sports in India, and, in 1927, the Indian Olympic Association (IOA), was created at the initiative of Harry Crowe Buck and Dr. A. G. Noehren (both of the Madras (YMCA) College of Physical Education). Sir Dorab Tata was important in financing and supporting the movement and became the first Indian Olympic Association president in 1927. Messrs Buck and Noehren travelled across India and helped many states organise their Olympic associations.  Noehren was the first Secretary and G. D. Sondhi was the first assistant secretary of the Indian Olympic Association, and, after Noehren resigned in 1938, Sondhi and S.M. Moinul Haq became the Secretary and Joint Secretary of the Indian Olympic Association.

Paragraph 12: The fossil fuel industry starting from the 1950s was engaging in campaigns against the nuclear industry which it perceived as a threat to their commercial interests. Organizations such as the American Petroleum Institute, the Pennsylvania Independent Oil and Gas Association and Marcellus Shale Coalition were engaged in anti-nuclear lobbying in the late 2010s and from 2019, large fossil fuel suppliers started advertising campaigns portraying fossil gas as a "perfect partner for renewables" (wording from Shell and Statoil advertisements). Fossil fuel companies such as Atlantic Richfield were also donors to environmental organizations with clear anti-nuclear stances, such as Friends of the Earth. Groups like the Sierra Club, Environmental Defense Fund and Natural Resources Defense Council are receiving grants from other fossil fuel companies. As of 2011, a strategy paper released by Greenpeace titled "Battle of Grids" proposed gradual replacement of nuclear power by fossil gas plants which would provide "flexible backup for wind and solar power". However, Greenpeace has since distanced itself from advocating for fossil gas, instead proposing grid energy storage as a solution to issues caused by intermittent renewable energy. In Germany the Energiewende, which was advertised as a shift to renewable energy but included a gradual phaseout of nuclear power from 2000 to end 2022, caused among other things a rise in fossil gas power production from 49.2 TWh in 2000 to 94.7 TWh in 2020. In the same interval total electricity generation barely changed (576.6 TWh in 2000 vs 574.2 TWh in 2020) while it did rise and fall in the meantime, reaching a peak of 652.9 TWh in 2017. As much of that fossil gas was and is imported from Russia, controversial pipeline projects like Nord Stream 1 were built to satisfy increasing German gas demand. After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine it came to light that significant amounts of Russian lobbying was involved in both the continued anti-nuclear movement in Germany and the anti-fracking movement.

Paragraph 13: The company opened for business in February 2000, funded production of the first cloned cat, CC, in 2001, and launched its pet cloning service in February 2004, operating a "petbank", to which pet owners could send tissue samples for later use in cloning. The company delivered the world's first commercially cloned cat, Little Nicky, in December 2004.  Little Nicky was sold to a Texas woman for a reported US$50,000. He is a genetic twin of "Nicky," a 17-year-old Maine Coon cat that had been kept as a pet. Musician Liam Lynch's cat was cloned after its death, presumably making him the only celebrity to own a cloned pet. 

Paragraph 14: According to historians William Cleveland and Martin Bunton, Beirut became an international banking center because of its “laissez-faire economic system”. Business owners from Cairo, Damascus, and Baghdad moved to Beirut for economic opportunities. Despite Lebanon's cultural liberalism and economic prosperity, sectarian tensions remained as citizens identified themselves through their sects. With Muslims calling for greater representation and with Cold War tensions, Lebanese leadership had to decide whether to ally with the West or with Egypt, Syria and its Arab history. Christians wanted to continue alliances with the West but Muslims were drawn to Nasser's pan-Arabism. Multiple factors including sectarian tensions and Palestinian refugee settlement in southern Lebanon contributed to the beginnings of the Lebanese Civil War. In 1976, Syrian President Hafez al-Assad sent troops into Lebanon to fight PLO forces that were gaining sufficient power inside Lebanon to threaten Syria's dominion. This led to escalated fighting until a cease-fire agreement later that year that allowed for the stationing of Syrian and other Arab troops within Lebanon under an Arab League mandate. These troops, known as the Arab Deterrent Force, were tasked with ending the conflict between the Lebanese and the Palestinians. However, since Syrian troops made the majority of the Arab Deterrent Force, Lebanese citizens felt that their country had lost its sovereignty. With Syria in control, all other Arab forces presence withdrew from the Arab Deterrent Force, and Syria's objectives in Lebanon became quickly evident as it quickly changed sides: soon after they entered Lebanon, Syrian troops turned their guns on the Christian nationalists after they had muzzled the PLO. The Kateab Party and the Lebanese Forces under Bachir Gemayel strongly resisted the Syrians in Lebanon. Following the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982 (whose objective was to dislodge Yasser Arafat's PLO from its Lebanese strongholds) and the siege of Beirut that led to Arafat and the PLO evacuation to Tunis, newly elected President Bachir Gemayel was assassinated in a bomb explosion by the Syrian-affiliated member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party, Habib Shartouni. Bachir's brother Amine Gemayel was quickly sworn in as new President, and the peace plan (the May 1983 accord) Gemayel negotiated with the Israelis under the sponsorship of the United States (militarily present in Lebanon along with Great Britain, France and Italy as the Multi-National Force) was undermined and gutted by the Syrian regime and by Hezbollah that car-bombed the US Marines barracks and the French Paratrooper compound (October 23, 1983) among other acts of terrorism. During the Israeli invasion and occupation of Lebanon (1982-1985), Syria suspiciously never fought the Israeli troops; they merely watched the fighting between the Palestinians and the Israelis, consistent indeed with the fact that, from 1974 (when Henry Kissinger brokered a truce between Syria and Israel in the aftermath of the October 1973 war) to date, Syria never fought the Israeli occupation and annexation of its own Syrian Golan Heights, while encouraging the PLO first, then Hezbollah (after the PLO was evicted by Israel in 1982), to prosecute a decades-long war of attrition from Lebanon against Israel. Neither the PLO nor Hezbollah was ever allowed to try and liberate Syrian territory occupied by Israel from Syria itself.

Paragraph 15:  Written as W. E. Butterworth, William E. Butterworth, or William E. Butterworth, IIIComfort Me With Love (1959)Hot Seat (1959)The Love-Go-Round (1960)Where We Go From Here (1961)The Court-Martial (1962)The Wonders of Astronomy (1964)The Wonders of Rockets and Missiles (1965)Fast Green Car (or Flat Out) (1965)Stock-car Racer (1966)Air Evac (1967)Soldiers on Horseback; The Story of the United States Cavalry (1966)The Image Makers (1967)Helicopter Pilot (1967)Road Racer (1967)Orders to Vietnam (1968)Redline 7100 (1968)Grand Prix Driver (1969)Stop and Search (1969)The Wheel of a Fast Car (1969)Up to the Quarterback (1969)Fast and Smart (1970)Marty and the Micromidgets (1970) (later as Micro-Midget Racer (1973))Susan and Her Classic Convertible (1970)Steve Bellamy (1970)Stars and Planets (1970)Moving West on 122 (1971)Crazy to Race (1971)My Father's Quite a Guy (1971)Flying Army; The Modern Air Arm of the U.S. Army (1971)Return to Racing (1971)Wheels and Pistons; The Story of the Automobile (1971)The High Wind: the Story of NASCAR Racing (1971)The Sex Traveler (1971)Dateline: Talladega (1972)The Narc (1972)Skyjacked (1972)The Race Driver (1972)Flying Army: The Modern Air Arm of the U.S. Army (1973)Hot Wire (1973)Race Car Team (1973)Yankee Driver (1973)Dave White and the Electric Wonder Car (1974)Stop, Thief! (1974)Tires and Other Things: Some Heroes of Automotive Evolution (1975)Careers in the Armed Services (1976)Mighty Minicycles' (1976)

Paragraph 16: However, by the early 1970s, crime was increasing in Harvey, a poverty-stricken and blighted suburb  south of Chicago, and several significant criminal incidents occurred at or near the mall, including three murders in one year alone. In November 1972, a young woman was fatally shot near the mall in a botched robbery attempt. On April 20, 1973, another person was shot and killed in a robbery on the mall property itself. On July 17, 1973, a teenage girl was lured away from the mall by three other teenage girls, and strangled to death. From 1973 to 1978, Dixie lost many stores, including the Montgomery Ward anchor, which closed on October 4, 1976 and Turn Style which closed in January 1978. In a last-ditch effort to bring back shoppers and tenants, the mall changed its name to simply Dixie Mall in late July 1975, and soon after underwent a renovation, re-opening on October 9 of that same year. These efforts failed, as by 1978, it was down to its final twenty stores. The mall officially closed its doors in November 1978, with JCPenney closing in January 1979. A 1978 article in the Chicago Tribune indicated that two major factors in the mall's closure were shoplifting and theft of merchandise by employees.

Paragraph 17: During the 2013–2014 Forever Evil storyline, which took place during The New 52 reboot era, an unidentified Thinker used his intellect to predict the arrival of the Crime Syndicate of America and got incarcerated in Belle Reve. Thinker's brain came at the price of draining energy from the rest of his body while also prematurely aging him. When the Crime Syndicate of America arrived, Thinker was among the villains who swore their allegiance to them, where his motives are to secure a new body for himself: the body of OMAC. Using a hologram of Amanda Waller, Thinker tricked Power Girl, Steel, and Warrant into helping him while also planning to use them to destroy the Suicide Squad. During the fight where both sides found out that they were being manipulated by an imposter Amanda Waller, Harley Quinn followed Thinker's orders by hooking OMAC up to a power source while whispering the activation code in him. While waiting for OMAC, Thinker manipulates King Shark into eating Amanda Waller. In a discussion with James Gordon Jr., Amanda Waller suspected that Thinker snapped the explosive collar around her neck the night the Crime Syndicate of America arrived where she will die either way if she either leaves Belle Reve or Thinker dies. Following a scuffle between Harley Quinn and James Gordon Jr., they found that Thinker had succeeded in his plan to upload his mind into OMAC. While in OMAC's body, Thinker causes an avalanche to bury Amanda Waller and both Suicide Squads. As both teams avoid the avalanche, Amanda Waller gets contacted by Kevin Kho to help free him from Thinker's control. While both teams fight OMAC, Amanda Waller accesses Thinker's computer. After manipulating OMAC into killing King Shark's father Camo, he demands to know where Amanda Waller is. Both teams continue their fight against the Thinker-controlled OMAC. Amanda Waller works with Kevin Kho to get Thinker out of his body or else he will die when OMAC is destroyed. The plan is to get OMAC to the portal that will flush them to The Toilet where the metas that can't be killed or imprisoned go. Thinker starts to feel that Kevin is starting to weaken him from the inside. As Captain Boomerang kicks OMAC into The Toilet, Kevin reclaims his body from Thinker. As Thinker's original body is nowhere to be found, Amanda Waller suspects that Thinker is still out there.

Paragraph 18: During World War II and the siege of Budapest the island was a site of fierce combat. Soviet troops attempted to cross from the Pest riverside by boats in January 1945, but the defending Hungarian and German units thwarted their attempt and sunk the rubber dinghies. On the night of January 19 the ice on the river was thick enough for a few Soviet patrols to cross on foot, and as the sentries in the boat houses overlooking the river fell asleep, they managed to infiltrate and established a bridgehead. The attack soon stalled as the defenders, now trapped in the northern end of the island, managed to stop their advance. Additionally a Soviet marine platoon was also trapped in the northernmost tip of the island, among the half-finished pillars of Árpád Bridge. Several days of close quarters battle followed for the buildings of the island, particularly in the bath houses where the opposing units spent days in their close vicinity. During this time both sides pounded the island with artillery, the Soviets from the Pest side, the Hungarians from the Castle of Buda. Ultimately on January 28 the defenders managed to sneak out under the darkness of the night on rowboats and through the still standing western span of Margaret Bridge to Buda, which was later blown up by Ukrainian SS troops.

Paragraph 19: In 1974 Labor Prime Minister Gough Whitlam offered Queensland Senator Vince Gair the position of ambassador to the Republic of Ireland and the Vatican. Whitlam is believed to have hoped that Gair’s resignation, which was required having accepted the post, would allow Labor to contest and win his vacant seat  in the upcoming half-Senate election, in turn gaining a majority in the Senate. In what later became known as “The Night of Long Prawns” Queensland Premier Joh Bjelke-Petersen issued the writs for the Queensland senate seats for the half-Senate election before Gair was able to formally resign meaning that his seat would not be in contention. Solicitor-General at the time Maurice Byers offered the legal opinion that Gair was no longer a senator and had effectively resigned at either the date that the Executive Council approved the post or the date that Ireland accepted his ambassadorship. Importantly, Byers remarked that both of these dates preceded Bjelke-Petersen issuing the writs. This was responded to by the Opposition who proposed that the government had not opposed Gair being involved in Senate debates and votes at any point before the writs for the half-Senate election were issued. This matter ultimately concluded by Whitlam enacting a double dissolution nullifying the half-Senate election as all seats were in contention.

Paragraph 20: When nearing the breeding season, Arrau turtles migrate to certain sites where the eggs are laid. In some locations nesting occurs in large groups on beaches, which reduces the risk posed by predators. Some beaches have as many as 500 nesting females. Mating occurs in the water. During and just before the nesting season the species frequently basks, typically in groups. It is suspected that the additional heat accelerates the ovulation in the females. At other times the species is generally not found on land. When on land, it is usually very shy and retreats to the water at the slightest hint of danger. The female lays an average of 75–123 eggs (average varies depending on region), which are placed during the night in a  deep nest that is dug on the beach. The eggs are laid during the low water season and hatch as the water starts to rise. If it rises too fast or too early, the nest is flooded and the young die within the eggs. As long as nests are not dug up by predators, the hatching success rate is usually high, averaging at 83%. The eggs hatch after about 50 days and the sex of the young depends on the nest temperature (females at higher temperatures, males at lower). When hatching, the young are around  long and dart directly for the water, but they emerge to the attentions of many predators so that only about five percent ever reach the adult feeding grounds. When hatching, the females emit sounds which attract the young; they stay together for a period in the flooded forests. Vocalizations appear to play an important role in the social life of this turtle and in addition to the "connect to newly hatched young" sound, four primary sounds have been documented during the nesting season: one used during migration, one before basking, one when nesting at night and finally one when in the water after nesting.

Paragraph 21: Reflective practice "is a term that carries diverse meaning" and about which there is not complete consensus. Professor Tim Fletcher of Brock University argues forward-thinking is a professional habit, but we must reflect on the past to inform how it translates into the present and future. Always thinking about 'what's next' rather than 'what just happened' can constrain an educator's reflective process. The concept of reflection is difficult as beginning teachers are stuck between "the conflicting values of schools and universities" and "the contradictory values at work within schools and within university faculties and with the increasing influence of factors external to school and universities such as policy makers". Conflicting opinions make it difficult to direct the reflection process, as it is hard to establish what values you are trying to align with. It is important to acknowledge reflective practice "follows a twisting path that involves false starts and detours". Meaning once you reflect on an issue it cannot be set aside as many assume. Newman refers to Gilroy's assertion that "the 'knowledge' produced by reflection can only be recognized by further reflection, which in turn requires reflection to recognize it as knowledge". In turn, reflective practice cannot hold one meaning, it is contextual based on the practitioner. It is argued that the term 'reflection' shouldn't be used as there are associations to it being "more of a hindrance than a help". It is suggested the term is referred to 'critical practice' or 'practical philosophy' to "suggest an approach which practitioners can adopt in the different social context in which they find themselves". Meanwhile, Oluwatoyin discusses some disadvantages and barriers to reflective practice as, feeling stress by reflecting on negative issues and frustration from not being able to solve those identified issues, and time constraints. With reflection often taking place independently, educators lack the motivation and assistance in tackling these difficult problems. It is suggested that teachers communicate with one another, or have an indicated individual to talk to, this way there is external informed feedback. Overall, before engaging in reflective practice it is important to be aware of the challenges.

Paragraph 22: In Hyderabad State, a princely state, ruled by Uzbek Ali Khan Asaf Jah II, the Nizam, who had recently signed a subsidiary alliance with the British, and whose state was monitored by a British resident, the famine was acute as well.  In 1792-93 great distress prevailed in the Telingana Districts.   When Sir John Kennaway resigned the office of Resident in 1794, he made a report to the Government of India concerning the administration of the State.  He stated that owing to the famine, which had recently occurred many parts of the country had been depopulated, and that in consequence agriculture and cultivation generally were at a low ebb in the Nizam's Dominions.  The famine was a very severe one.  Some idea of its extent and severity may be gathered from the circumstances communicated to Sir John Kennaway by the Minister, Mir Alam: first, that in the space of four months 90,000 dead bodies had appeared by the Kotwal's account to have been carried out from Haidarabad and its suburbs, in which those who perished in their houses and enclosures were not inserted; and second, that of 2,000 weavers' huts which were full of families in a district of Raichur before the famine broke out, only six were inhabited at its close.  The extent of the calamity may be judged from a tradition which exists to this day, that the country in which the famine prevailed is said to have been dotted with skulls.  It is known as the "Doi Barra," or skull famine.  In the year after the famine there were such heavy rains that cultivation could not be attempted, and the distress was in consequence greatly aggravated.  While the famine lasted, the Minister paid the cost of feeding 150 famine-stricken people daily out of his own pocket.  Beyond this no endeavour seems to have been made to provide food for the starving people, and attempts were actually made in many districts to collect revenue.  Forced collections and imposts were levied from some of the Amildars or district revenue collectors, two of whom, those of Nirmal and Aurangabad, fled from their districts, owing (the Nizam's) Government a balance of ninety and twenty lakhs of rupees respectively.  The Resident, Sir John Kennaway, referred to the ruin and mismanagement by which the Minister was surrounded, and it is evident that the country was in a very wretched condition.

Paragraph 23: In 1967, Grossman travelled to Europe, as a first step on a planned journey to India which was not completed. In London he stayed at first with Eric Clapton whom he had met whilst in Chicago Loop and met guitarists and singers on the British folk scene including Bert Jansch, John Renbourn, Davy Graham and Ralph McTell and The Young Tradition. He began playing in folk clubs around the country and made his first solo recordings for the Philips/Fontana label (Aunt Molly's Murray Farm and The Gramercy Park Sheikh) and then for Nathan Joseph's Transatlantic label, including Yazoo Basin Boogie and Ragtime Cowboy Jew (see discography). He also traveled widely in Europe and eventually settled in Italy, where he lived for seven years. Travelling around Europe for gigs brought him into contact with many other fine guitarists, but few of them had record deals. Grossman saw a niche in the market for solo acoustic guitar records which were accompanied by a tablature book to allow the buyer to try playing the arrangements and, with his friend Ed Denson taking care of the US side of business, founded Kicking Mule Records. Over the next few years KM released albums by such artists as John James, Happy Traum, Ton van Bergeyk, Dave Evans, Peter Finger and the late Sam Mitchell. Grossman also released his own original and instructional albums on KM, the latter including seminal works such as Fingerpicking Guitar Techniques, How To Play Ragtime Guitar and Famous Ragtime Guitar Solos which had a major influence on acoustic guitarists in Europe, the UK and the US. During these years Grossman was also touring as a solo artist and in partnership with John Renbourn and continuing to write and publish instructional books, often accompanied by the then new technology of a cassette tape.

Paragraph 24: Scott Livengood (born in 1952 in North Carolina) is the owner and chief executive officer of Dewey’s Bakery, Inc., which was founded in 1930 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. The company owns two brands, Salem Baking Company (SBC) and Dewey's Bakery. Salem Baking Company is a specialty cookie and cracker brand and a private brand manufacturer. Dewey's Bakery is a retail bakery located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, operating a high volume production/retail location and a satellite store. Dewey's Bakery specializes in traditional iced and fondant layers cakes, sheet cakes, cupcakes, cake squares, cake pops, cheesecakes, "cookie cakes", "brownie cakes", and "ice cream cakes and pies".

Paragraph 25: Created by state law in 1951, and officially founded in 1954, the Conservatorio Dramatico e Musical Dr. Carlos de Campos, of Tatuí, represents one of the most successful achievements of the State of São Paulo, and perhaps of Brazil, in the music teaching field. Supported by the State Government, through its Secretaria de Cultura, the Conservatory is managed by AACT, a non-profit organization which employs over 300 teachers, musicians and administrative personnel distributed in the various areas of the institution, such as Classical Music, Orchestras, Big-bands, Brazilian Popular Music, Jazz, Drama and the art of making string instruments – the latter, one of the rare and the most important courses in the area in Brazil.  By means of another State law, the city of Tatuí was nominated “The Capital of Music” in Brazil, due to the Conservatory's relevant performance in both artistic and pedagogic work.

Paragraph 26: Gibbons' effort to stop the discussion of Congo at the Univeral Peace Conference failed, only gaining him criticism for his intervention. Gibbons responded "I fear, that this agitation against King Leopold's administration is animated partly by religious jealousy and partly by commercial rivalry." According to the historian John Tracy Ellis, Gibbons was correct that religious jealousy and commercial rivalry played a part in the reform movement in the Congo Free State.  However, Ellis said that the evidence still showed Leopold as being guilty of serious exploitation of the native population. Gibbons had relied too much on the word of the Belgim government and intermittent reports from Catholic missionaries. "For one of the few times in Gibbons' long life, his normally keen judgment went astray and exposed him to the charge of partisanship and of ignorance of the facts governing an issue. The cardinal should have steered clear of the case."A less flattering account of Gibbons' involvement with the Congo Free State is given in author Adam Hochschild’s King Leopold’s Ghost: "[King Leopold’s] representatives in Rome successfully convinced the Vatican that this Catholic king was being set upon by unscrupulous Protestant missionaries. A stream of messages in Latin flowed from the Holy See across the Atlantic to the designated Catholic point-man for Leopold in the United States, James Cardinal Gibbons of Baltimore. Cardinal Gibbons believed that the Congo reform crusade was the work of “only a handful of discontented men... depending largely upon the untrustworthy hearsay of the natives.” Leopold later awarded Gibbons with the Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown. His support of Leopold gained the recognition of Pope Pius X.

Paragraph 27: Roger meets the High Priest, who is accompanied by Sor Teb and many guards at the High Temple of Kirsti, located near the city walls.  He presents himself as Seran Chang, Baron of Washinghome (one of his minor titles) to the aged High Priest and asks about their petition to travel to the spaceport.  The High Priest, however, wishes to speak about a far more important "needs of the God" and states that the humans have "avoided Service to the Fire Lord" for too long.  Roger infers that the Krath are requiring a "Servant of God" from among the humans and begins to consult with the others.  While Roger and the other humans are willing to leave a volunteer behind (provided that they be treated properly) Pedi is emphatically against it but her explanation as to why is lost upon them.  They conclude that there must be a problem with their translation of Krath language and request a recess to discuss the matter with their colleagues but Sor Teb politely refuses, stating that the Servant must be gathered now.  His response causes the entire human company to tense and Roger decides to dump the translation of Krath from his "toot", loads Cord's language as a baseline and orders Pedi to speak in Shin.  It soon becomes clear that a "Servant of God" is really a sacrifice to the God, who will then be eaten by the body of the Fire God's worshippers. Sor Teb confirms this, and when Roger asks to decline this invitation, Teb points out that he has more guards than he does and that they can either choose to hand over a single human sacrifice or that all of them will be sacrificed as he intends to make sure all Krath know that it was he who finally brought the humans to the God.  It is then that Roger and company open fire on the guards and Pedi immediately tosses off her robes and goes for the High Priest whom she decapitates.  Unfortunately, Sor Teb manages to escape the carnage.  Roger and Kosutic risk a com signal to Pahner and notify him quickly about what transpired with Roger ordering him to make for the gates (which is where they are headed to as well).  After killing the few Krath guards who attempt to storm the camp at the docks and ordering the ships to head back to K'Vaern's Cove, Pahner orders the troops to head for the gates.

Paragraph 28: ON TV ran third in the Metroplex's subscription television wars. By June 1982, the general zenith of STV nationally, VEU had 42,000 subscribers, Preview 30,000, and ON TV 24,800. Of the eight ON TV-branded services nationally, the Dallas–Fort Worth market was the second-smallest behind the newer franchise serving Salem and Portland, Oregon, and of those owned by Oak, it also had the worst relationship between station and STV franchise. Milton Grant, who had joined the Shlenker group and became intimately involved in operations, built up channel 21 as an aggressive independent in program purchasing. When ON TV launched in the Metroplex, as in other cities and with other STV services, it broadcast late-night adult programming as an add-on to the subscription. In 1982, KTXA—already unwilling to cede more hours to subscription broadcasting—and Oak entered into a dispute over these broadcasts, which the station felt were indecent, and KTXA won in a court fight to uphold its right to cancel ON TV programs to which it objected. ON TV characterized the legal battle as an attempt to prevent the subscription service from continuing with plans to lengthen its programming hours. This was followed in February 1983 by the station pulling such adult films as The Pleasure Palace, New Day in Eden, and Portrait of a Seduction from the schedule. KTXA's development as a station outside of ON TV had also been robust. At KTXA, Grant minted a reputation for being extremely promotion-oriented. In contrast to the other two hybrid startups in the Metroplex that "merely appeared", Ed Bark of The Dallas Morning News wrote that channel 21 had "burst into living rooms like a world-champion encyclopedia salesman", with nearly ubiquitous billboards, high-profile programming, and an emphasis on weekend movies.

Paragraph 29: The SR 75 designation was originally established in 1963 with two segments: from I-5 to the ferry across San Diego Bay from Coronado to downtown, and from SR 125 to I-5. In 1967, the Coronado Bridge was scheduled to be added to the route once it was completed, and the portion from Fourth Street to the ferry was deemed as temporary until the bridge opened. Construction began in February. Coronado residents largely opposed the bridge, but Governor Pat Brown "overrode their wishes" according to former city councilman Bob Odiorne, who also claimed that the opposition caused the city to lose opportunities to move the approaches to the bridge away from residential areas. Following attempts from Barbara Hutchinson, the vice president of the Kearny Mesa Town Council, to ask the Coronado and San Diego city councils to intervene in the construction, San Diego city attorney Edward Butler stated that the state had the ultimate authority to decide whether or not to build the bridge, and that the City of San Diego could not interfere. Before the bridge opened, in 1968, the changes originally proposed by the Legislature in 1967 were made to the law; the designation came into effect on February 21, 1969. The bridge eventually opened on August 3, 1969.

Paragraph 30: Model year 1942 saw a dramatic appearance change on all GM vehicles, where the curve of the front fenders extended halfway across the front doors, called "Airfoil" and fastback appearance was adopted company-wide. Vehicles that were built until February 1942 could be identified as lacking chrome trim starting in January when it was prohibited due to wartime production and trim pieces including bumpers were painted. After the War, the Series 61 returned on a  wheelbase. The engine remained the same 346 in³ L-head V8 as before. The grille became more massive in 1942, with even fewer bars and was the beginning of the traditional "egg crate" appearance that all future products adopted. Parking lights became round and fog light sockets became rectangular and were included in the grille area. A bullet shape appeared on the tops of the bumper guards. Fenders were rounded and longer. Front fenders extended into the front doors. The new fenders had heavy moldings along the sides. A new fresh air ventilating system with air ducts leading from the grille replaced cowl ventilators at the base of the windshield. Handbrake control was changed from lever to tee-shaped pull handle. Radiator shutter control of engine temperature was replaced by a blocking type thermostat in the water return fitting in the radiator.