Paragraph 1: Wayne Cao (born Nguyễn Cảo; December 7, 1946) is a Canadian politician and former member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, where he represented the district of Calgary-Fort as a Progressive Conservative.  He was first elected in the 1997 provincial election and was re-elected four times.  He is perhaps best known as the sponsor of the legislation that led to the enshrining of Alberta.  In April 2008, he elected as the Legislature's Deputy Speaker and Chair of Committees and served in that position for the 27th Legislature.  Mr. Cao also served as a member of the Standing Committee on Resource Stewardship.

Paragraph 2: This regiment was organized at Kenton, Hardin County, from Oct. to Dec., 1861, to serve for three years, with an aggregate of 968 men. In Jan., 1862, it moved for Western Virginia, and was first under fire at the battle of Bull Pasture Mountain. It joined in the pursuit of Jackson up the valley; fought in the Battle of Cross Keys, was also present at Cedar Mountain, and participated in a sharp skirmish at Freeman's Ford.  The destruction of Waterloo Bridge being ordered, the work was entrusted to this regiment and a select party dashed forward under a brisk fire, ignited the timbers, and in a few moments the work of destruction was complete.  At the Second Bull Run the regiment lost heavily. It went into winter quarters at Stafford Court House and in the following April moved on the Chancellorsville Campaign.  In the battle of that name it moved steadily into the entrenchments and opened a rapid fire upon the advancing foe. As the enemy swept around the flanks of the regiment it was forced to retreat and when it reached its new position only 134 men were with the colors. It was on duty in the trenches or on the picket line until the army commenced to retire. The regiment went into action at Gettysburg with 22 commissioned officers and 236 men, of whom 19 officers and 147 men were killed, wounded or captured, leaving only 3 officers and 89 men; but this little band brought off the colors safely. In the autumn following the regiment was ordered to join the Army of the Cumberland and at Wauhatchie, Tenn., it led the advance up the steep and rugged slope, driving the Confederates from the summit.  It was held in reserve during the engagement at Orchard knob, but it moved up under a heavy fire from the batteries on Missionary ridge and assisted in the skirmishing which followed that engagement, and in building the entrenchments. In November it moved to the relief of Knoxville, but Longstreet having raised the siege it returned to Lookout Valley.  There, of 349 enlisted men present, 321 were mustered into the service as veteran volunteers in Jan., 1864. After a furlough home the regiment, rejoined its brigade in March and soon afterward entered upon the Atlanta Campaign.  It participated in the charge at Resaca, but sustained little loss, as the enemy was too much surprised and embarrassed to fire effectively.  It was one of the first regiments in position at Peachtree Creek and lost not less than 75 in killed and wounded. During the siege of Atlanta it held an important and exposed position on a hill adjoining Marietta Street, being within range both of artillery and musketry, and on one occasion a cannon shot carried away the regimental colors, tearing them to shreds. The regiment remained in camp at Atlanta, engaged in work on the fortifications for a time, and then started with Sherman's army for Savannah.  It met with nothing worthy of particular note until Wheeler's cavalry was encountered at Sandersville, where one company assisted in dislodging the enemy.  The regiment moved on the Carolinas Campaign and performed its full share of marching, foraging and corduroying. It participated in the affairs at Averasboro and Bentonville, having 10 men wounded in the former and in the latter 11 wounded and 14 missing. It was mustered out on July 24, 1865.

Paragraph 3: Early on in the eleventh Century, the Catholic Church declared Muslims, specifically Moors, infidels as a way to unite all of Christendom around a single cause. Heston states that "The Church in Rome [the Catholic Church] and other Christians to the north envied the prosperity of southern Spain" which was controlled primarily by Moors. There were multiple military campaigns in the eleventh century, primarily in Aragón and Castile, aimed at driving Moors off of the continent they had occupied since the eighth century. These actions were led by the Church and shifted from battles to a full blown crusade. They also served as a precursor to the Crusades to the Holy Land, which began in 1095, as well as the Inquisition. During the First Crusade, Pope Urban II actively worked to divert forces from Jerusalem to al-Andalus, calling the Moors a "threat" and arguing that they needed to be driven off their lands. In the 1100s, Urban II offered indulgences to men who were willing to fight on the peninsula, but only when Christian states were in extreme danger. This was an incentive that was offered to crusaders who "taken the cross" for the Holy Land. Additionally, only people from the peninsula itself or from neighboring lands were supposed to be diverted from their original purpose. In the 1200s, fighting crusades in the Baltics and al-Andalus was "thought to merit the same rewards as fighting in the Holy Land." As a result, many were given indulgences for fighting "infidels" in these regions where it had not been allowed in the previous century. The inability of crusaders to keep Jerusalem under Christian control prompted many to blame outside groups for the losses instead of their own (lack of) military might, which led to the Inquisition. There were three different monastic groups for whom the Inquisition became their "special responsibility." In 1209, the Cathars began overseeing the Inquisition. That authority was then passed to the Dominicans in 1233, during which time the form of the Spanish Inquisition as it is known today was created. Specifically, it developed after the capture of Córdoba in 1236 which was during the Valencian Crusade. The Christians who conquered the town built a church on top of the mosque (the same one that al-Mansur had beefed up using pieces from the Church of St. James) as was a common practice at the time. They also forcibly converted Mudéjars and Jews who remained; those that converted were subject to suspicion and many were the victims of torture. Additionally, Christians viewed "bathing as sacrilegious" and destroyed bathhouses located around the region. In 1246, a year after the signing of the al-Azraq Treaty of 1245 and a year before the ensuing Mudéjar revolts, responsibility for the Inquisition was passed to the Franciscans. In 1492, Ferdinand and Isabella expelled all of the Jews from Spain, resulting in a large migration of Muslims and Jews who still practiced their faith, as well as those who had converted to Christianity, from the country. The last execution for heresy in Spain took place in 1826 and the Inquisition did not end until 1834.

Paragraph 4: At the start of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom, the cinema enacted a mass redundancy of its staff. Lawes informed the staff in March 2020 that most would be made redundant rather than furloughed, with just three employees put on to furlough. As of July 2021, the cinema's website stated: "The future of The Electric Cinema Birmingham faces an even bigger issue than that of Covid due to the impending end of its 88 year lease. As the freeholder has yet to make a decision about its plans for Station Street, we are not currently in a position to reopen the cinema. This uncertainty has also meant we have been unable to apply for the Cultural Recovery Fund or other financial support to assist us financially through the period of closure." 

Paragraph 5: In the final book of the series, Dar'khan flies Anveena over to the ruins of Quel'thalas (the elven homeland), and the four heroes try to stop him. A band of exiled elves led by Lor'themar, a former ranger-captain, try to reclaim Quel'thalas by ambushing lone groups of undead. Meanwhile, Kalecgos, Tyrygosa, Jorad Mace and their juvenile dragon Raac are trying to find out what is going on. Along the way, they are ambushed by a felhound, a large, vicious, magic-eating monster. They are initially unable to stop it, but a distant figure lets out a horrid screech that temporarily stops the Felhound's magic, allowing Kalec to finish it off. They are then confronted by Lor'themar's group, and they band together to try to stop Dar'khan. Meanwhile, Dar'khan takes Anveena to the former sight of SunwelI the source of elven magic, which was destroyed by the undead. Along the way, he explains why he  is taking her there, but in his monologue, Anveena slips off. She is then confronted by a mysterious cloaked figure, who tries to tell her that she was the essence of the Sunwell itself. Anveena doesn't believe him, and soon Dar'khan finds her again. Dar'khan then finds the figure that stopped the Felhound, who proves to be Sylvanas Windrunner, former general of elven forces. She tries to kill him, blaming him for the destruction of her homeland, but he tricks her and takes her prisoner. He then goes to the former site of the Sunwell where he prepares to cast his spell on Anveena, but Lor'themar and his elves attack. They are driven back, but delay him momentarily. Kalec, Tyri, and Jorad then arrive and try to stop Dar'khan. He restrains Kalec with the magical neck collar he put around him in the first book. Tyri is delayed by a massive dragon controlled by Dar'khan, and the hopes of victory look bleak. Raac frees the dragon from Dar'khan's control and they all manage to stop Dar'khan. After he is defeated, the giant dragon is transformed into the cloaked figure Anveena spoke to earlier. He is revealed as Borel, whose real name is Korialstrasz, the consort of Alexstrasza the Life-Binder. At the end, Tyri flies Jorad to confront Arthas, Lord of the Undead Scourge, and Anveena stays in Quel'thalas with Kalec and Lor'themar to hide her power.

Paragraph 6: Reception and legacyEd was seen by many critics a high point of the early alternative comics scene in the 1980s, echoes of which can be seen in such later surrealistic graphics novels as Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron by Daniel Clowes and Black Hole by Charles Burns.  The story won praise from The Comics Journal and mainstream publications such as The Village Voice and Rolling Stone, which placed Ed on an early-1990s "Hot" list.  Time placed Ed at seventh on its list of "All Time Top Ten Graphic Novels",  while publisher and critic Kim Thompson placed Ed 27th on his top 100 comics of the 20th Century, and editor and critic Tom Spurgeon called Ed "one of the three best alt-comix serials of all time".  The book appeared in Gene Kannenberg's 500 Essential Graphic Novels (2008).Ed had a large impact on a number of Brown's contemporaries, including fellow Canadians Dave Sim and Seth, the latter of whom was taken in by the ambitiousness of Brown's storytelling, saying "Those brilliant sequences where he would show a situation and then return to it later from a different perspective, like the death of Josie, really blew me away"—and Dave Cooper, who called Ed "the most perfect book ever".  Others who cite Ed as an influence on their work include Daniel Clowes, Chris Ware, Craig Thompson, Matt Madden, Eric Reynolds and the Canadian cartoonists Alex Fellows, whose Canvas shows the influence of Ed, and Bryan Lee O'Malley, who calls Brown "a Golden God" and whose Lost at Sea was heavily influenced by Ed.  Anders Nilsen calls Ed "completely amazing and one of the best comics ever", placing it in his top five comic books, and citing it as a major influence on his spontaneous Big Questions.

Paragraph 7: Grace is known for her music performances that draw from Philippine sung oral traditions. She has performed in over sixty cities and venues in over twenty countries in Asia, Europe, and North America. These performances have included solo concerts at the Cultural Center of the Philippines in Manila (1995, 2017), the Metropolitan Museum of Manila (1995), the House of the World's Cultures in Berlin (2005), the Circulo de Bellas Artes in Madrid (2006), Mercat de les Flors in Barcelona (2006), the Asia Society in New York (2013, 2015), the Renee Weiler Hall in New York (2012), the Irish Arts Center and Symphony Space in New York (2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014), the Soul Force Sacred Music Festival in Pasadena (2019), the World Exposition on Nature's Wisdom in Nagoya (2005), the WOMAD-Minato Mirai in Yokohama (1996), the National Museum in Singapore (2009), the Singapore Arts Festival (2003), the Hong Kong Festival for the Arts (1998), the Rainforest World Music Festival in Kuching (2018), Asia Society Hong Kong (2013); collaborations with the Asian Fantasy Orchestra in New Delhi, Bombay, Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka, Miyazaki (1998), Bangkok, Vientiane, Yangon, Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City (2003), and with the Gathering of Drummers in Prague and Bratislava (2009); various artists concerts at the Lincoln Center La Casita Festival in New York (2009), the Music Village Festival in London (2002), the World Music Festival in Penang (2012); guest performances and presentations in Monte Carlo (2006), Paris (2002, 2006), Ithaca (2006), Boston (2014, 2016), Toronto (2014), Vancouver (2014, 2016), Huairou (1995), Nanning (2006), Shanghai (2008), Kaohsiung (2005), Seoul, Jaraseom (2008), Jakarta, Honolulu (2006, 2016), Los Angeles (2006), San Francisco (2008), San Diego (2002), Chicago (2002), Ann Arbor (2016), Bloomington (2016), Richmond (2016), Blairstown (2014), Fairfield (2014), Quezon City, Cebu, Iloilo, Roxas, Bikol, Baguio, Sagada, Butuan, Davao, Cagayan de Oro, General Santos, Zambales, Cagayan Valley, Palawan and Mindoro.

Paragraph 8: A reviewer for the UK-based Time Out called it "an almost inconceivable disaster which tries for a worm's eye view of the American Revolution...maybe the original script had a shape and a grasp of events. If so, it has gone. There has clearly been drastic cutting, and nothing is left but a cortège of fragments and mismatched cuts. It's also the first 70 mm movie that looks as if it was shot hand-held on 16 mm and blown up for the big screen. Director? I didn't catch the credit. Was there one?" Vincent Canby of The New York Times called it "a mess, but one that's so giddily misguided that it's sometimes a good deal of fun for all of the wrong reasons. Characters who have met briefly early in the film later stage hugely emotional, tearful reconciliations." Pauline Kael commented that "everything in this picture, which goes from the beginning of the American War of Independence in 1776 to the end of combat in 1783, seems dissociated. The director, Hugh Hudson, plunges us into gritty, muddy restagings of famous campaigns, but we don't find out what's going on in these campaigns, or what their importance is in the course of the war...Hudson and the scriptwriter, Robert Dillon, present the war as a primal Oedipal revolt of the Colonies against the parent country, and the relationships of the characters are designed in Oedipal pairs; Hudson also stages torture orgies to indicate how sadistic the redcoats are, and scenes are devised to set up echoes of the Rocky series and Rambo. This is a certifiably loony picture; it's so bad it puts you in a state of shock."

Paragraph 9: New parliamentary elections were called for 3 February 1997, and Abbasi successfully retained his National Assembly seat as a candidate of the PML-N from Constituency NA-36 (Rawalpindi-I) for the fourth time. He defeated Pakistan Muslim League (J) candidate Babar Awan and independent candidate Javed Iqbal Satti by securing 65,194 votes. PML-N won a clear majority in the National Assembly for the first time. That same year, he was appointed as the chairman of Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. During his two years in this office, he is credited with implementing long-term and comprehensive reforms and getting the airline out of debt. His tenure as the Chairman of PIA was terminated following the 1999 Pakistani coup d'état, during which then-Chief of Army Staff General Pervez Musharraf overthrew Sharif and his existing elected government. Abbasi's tenure as Member of the National Assembly was also terminated with the dissolution of the assembly. Abbasi, along with Sharif, was named in the infamous plane hijacking case. Charges were levelled against him for denying the landing of Musharraf's PIA plane at Karachi's Jinnah International Airport on its way back from Sri Lanka on 12 October 1999, and he was held responsible for conspiring with Sharif to kill Musharraf. He was forced to provide a testimonial statement against Sharif for the hijacking case, but he refused to release the statement. He was also pressured by the Pakistan Army to switch allegiance from Sharif, but he refused. He remained in jail for two years before his acquittal by the court in 2001. By then, Sharif had gone into exile in Saudi Arabia. In a 2008 interview, Abbasi claimed that Musharraf himself took control of the plane in 1999. As chairman of PIA, he was accused of 11 million in corruption in the purchase of 200 computers for the airline, however he was acquitted of this in 2008.

Paragraph 10: The club's debut home match in first-class cricket was played at Durdham Down in the Clifton district of Bristol.  This was the only time the county used this venue for a match.  The following year Gloucestershire began to play matches at the Clifton College Close Ground in the grounds of Clifton College in the same part of the city, and this remained a regular venue for the county until the 1930s, hosting nearly 100 first-class matches.  In 1872 the county used a venue outside Bristol for the first time when they played at the College Ground in the grounds of Cheltenham College.  This venue has continued to be used regularly for the county's annual "Cheltenham festival" event, which in the modern era incorporates additional charity events and off-field entertainment.  In 1889 Gloucestershire began to play matches at the Bristol County Ground in Bristol, which has subsequently served as the club's main headquarters and hosted the majority of the county's matches.  It was here that the club played its first List A match in 1963 against Middlesex, and its first Twenty20 match forty years later against Worcestershire.  Somerset have played first-class matches at other venues in the city.

Paragraph 11: The 78th Guards, leading the 69th and 80th Guards Rifle Divisions of the 21st Guards Corps, arrived at the Dniestr River near the villages of Zhura and Mikhailovka, 13 km northeast of Susleni, late on April 2. At dawn the next day the division assaulted across the river, leading to a three-day battle with forward elements of the 3rd Panzer Division defending security outposts in the Bulaeshty region, 6–8 km north of Susleni; the 78th was soon joined by the 69th and 80th Guards in this fighting. It wasn't until midday on April 5 that the Corps' forces were able to drive the panzer troops back to their Susleni strongpoint. Meanwhile, the five divisions of the 20th Guards Rifle Corps attacked towards Orhei and Chișinău but gained only 3–5 km against stiffening German resistance from the XXXX and XXXXVII Panzer Corps. The history of 4th Guards Army described the difficulties during its advance:Despite the many daunting problems caused by the spring rasputitsa, on April 5 the Army commander, Lt. Gen. I. V. Galanin, resumed the offensive. Four divisions of 20th Guards Corps assaulted the defenses of the 13th and 3rd Panzer Divisions west and north of Orhei but made only modest gains in heavy fighting. The next day the 5th Guards Airborne and 41st Guards managed to seize the city but the arrival of the 11th Panzer Division halted any further advance. Marshal I. S. Konev, the Front commander, was determined to take Chișinău and on April 8 Galanin ordered his two Guards corps to assault and crush the positions of 3rd Panzer south of Susleni. Over two days the German defenses were pounded by artillery and mortar fire and repeated ground assaults but XXXX Panzer Corps threw in reserves to stabilise the situation. On April 10 and 11 Galanin reinforced the see-saw battle for the Orhei bridgehead with the 69th and 80th Guards but his move was met by the 14th Panzer Division which joined the German counterattacks. Overnight on April 12/13 most of the Panzer Corps withdrew south of the Reut River where the 69th Guards already held a bridgehead and its Corps-mates soon linked up to expand this lodgement to about 11 km in width and as much as 5 km in depth. But by now the 4th Guards Army was so depleted from months of fighting that it was no longer capable of offensive operations; the 78th Guards, like the Army's other divisions, was down to roughly 5,000 personnel. On April 18 Konev authorized Galanin to go over to the defense.

Paragraph 12: US 12 and SD 20 cross over some railroad tracks of BNSF Railway and curve to the south. During this curve, they enter Mobridge. Just south of 12th Street West, they curve to the southeast. Just south of 6th Street West, they curve to the east. At 4th Avenue East, SD 1804 joins the concurrency. It intersects Airport Road and Revheim Road, which lead to Mobridge Municipal Airport, the South Dakota National Guard armory, and the Revheim Park Recreation Area. The highways then leave Mobridge. A short distance later, SD 1804 departs to the south, while US 12 and SD 20 continue to the east. Just to the east of 293rd Avenue is a crossing of Blanket Creek. They enter the northern part of Glenham. Immediately, they have an intersection with the southern terminus of Glenham Road, which leads to Pollock. Just to the east of Main Street, they leave Glenham and continue to the east. Just east of 305th Avenue, they intersect US 83, which joins the concurrency. The three highways curve to the southeast and then to the south. They then enter Selby. At an intersection with Scranton Street, they meet the western terminus of SD 130. Just south of Walworth Street, they cross over some railroad tracks of BNSF Railway and pass some sewage disposal ponds. Then, they leave Selby. Just before an intersection with 134th Street, US 12 splits off to the southeast, while US 83 and SD 20 turn right to the southwest. They curve back to the south. Between 136th and 137th streets, they cross over Rieger Creek. Just south of 139th Street, they curve to the southwest. Just northeast of 306th Avenue, they curve to the south. They intersect the eastern terminus of SD 144 (142nd Street). Just north of 144th Street, they curve to the south-southeast and cross over Swan Creek. Just north of 147th Street, they curve back to the south. At 148th Street, on the Walworth–Potter county line, SD 20 splits off to the east, on the county line. Just east of 318th Avenue, it passes Hoven Municipal Airport. At 319th Avenue, SD 47 joins SD 20 in a concurrency to the east. Almost immediately, they enter Hoven. They pass a city park and then make a 90-degree curve to the south. They enter the main part of Hoven and Potter County proper. Between 3rd and 4th avenues, they pass a bus station. Between 5th and 6th avenues, they pass Hoven High School. South of 7th Avenue, they leave Hoven and continue to the south. At an intersection with the eastern terminus of CR 819 (151st Street), SD 20 splits off to the east. It travels just to the south of Tolstoy. At an intersection with 329th Avenue, it enters the northwestern part of Faulk County.

Paragraph 13: Born in Westoe, South Shields, County Durham, England, he was the youngest son of a wine merchant, who moved the whole family to Marylebone, London, in 1877. Stoddart made his reputation in club cricket and was playing for Middlesex by 1885. He was a flamboyant right-handed batsman and a right arm medium pace bowler. He played 16 Test matches captaining England in eight games of which he won three, lost four and drew one. His 173 at Melbourne in 1894–95 was, for 80 years, the highest score by an England captain in Test cricket in Australia. Stoddart was also the first England captain to ask Australia to bat first, and the first to declare a Test innings closed.

Paragraph 14: Along with other popular contemporary Christian artists of the 1980s, Camp made several front covers of CCM Magazine, World Magazine, and Christianity Today, among many others. At the same time, he also wrote several articles for leading Christian publications, in addition to giving numerous interviews on Christian radio. After recording several albums, Camp began attending Christian conferences and making frequent guest appearances at Christian colleges. In 1996, he was an honorable invitee at the Alliance of Confessing Evangelicals Conference, where the Cambridge Document was drafted. One year later, he appeared at the Summit on Church Music Ministry held at Cedarville College in Ohio, contending for sound Biblical theology in Christian music. In late 1998 Camp was once again in Ohio, this time in Celina at a benefit for Harbor House Maternity Home, a Christian home for pregnant teens. 440 people were present to hear Steve do four songs, including Keith Green's "Asleep in the Light" and Camp's own "He's All You Need." He followed up his first set of songs with an even more passionate exhortation, possibly causing some in attendance to be a bit uncomfortable with Camp's straightforward approach to his messages: they must do everything possible to save the unborn and be seen as proactively pro-life.

Paragraph 15: In French, firefighters are known as sapeurs-pompiers or informally as pompiers. The former originally refers to the military-based Paris Fire Brigade. Pompier (firefighter) comes from the word for "pump", referring to the manual pumps originally used for firefighting. Sapeur means "sapper" and refers to the first official firefighting unit created by Napoleon I which was part of the military engineering arm. Firefighters in the Marseille Marine Fire Battalion are known as marins-pompiers (sailor-firefighters). The usual name of a civilian fire services is a service départemental d'incendie et de secours (SDIS) (Departmental Fire and Rescue Service). Young French citizens can fulfill the mandatory service Service national universel (SNU) in one of the fire brigades.

Paragraph 16: The civil parish meets with Rothley to the south, and some houses are actually in Rothley parish near the southern A6 junction. To the west of the parish is a nature reserve. North of here, the Leicestershire Round passes east–west through the north of the village. The parish boundary meets Quorndon where it first meets the quarry near Buddon Wood. North of there, it crosses the former A6,  towards Quorn from the roundabout for the A6 roundabout. Close to the bypass, the River Soar becomes the parish boundary and south of the A6 northern junction it meets Sileby at the point where it crosses the A6 bypass.  south of there, the boundary leaves the river to the west, with the river becoming the Sileby-Rothley boundary.

Paragraph 17: In 747, the village now known as Rüdesheim an der Nahe was a Frankish settlement named Lefrietesheim. There is disagreement over where the village’s current name comes from, with suggestions such as Rudersheim or Rodersheim (the former an apparent reference to rowing, and the latter to land clearing). Also in contention as the namesake is a knight of the House of Rüdesheim. Whoever is right, the name does come from Frankish times, like all placenames that end in —heim, —hausen, —weiler and so on. The wine was brought here by the Roman legionaries, who could call this place home even before the Franks came. For the epithet “wine village”, Rüdesheim still has the Romans to thank, even now, in the third millennium. In the years 1125 and 1126, the villagers found themselves in a fight against famine and the Plague. In 1334, Rüdesheim, along with Bockenau, Weinsheim and Sponheim, was burnt to the ground in the feud between Archbishop of Trier Baldwin of Luxembourg and the Counts of Sponheim. During the Thirty Years' War, the village had to deal with military requisitions, plundering and deliberately set blazes. In the wake of all this, the village’s population sank to roughly half what it had been by the time the war ended. The first sewerage was laid in Rüdesheim at the early date of 1661. The French Revolution, too, left its mark on Rüdesheim. In 1794, the village was occupied by French Revolutionary troops. On 1 October 1795, the German lands on the Rhine’s left bank were annexed to the French First Republic, French became the official language and the operative constitution was the French one. Schinderhannes (or Johannes Bückler, to use his true name) supposedly amused himself at the inn “Zum Krönchen” during this time. After Napoleon’s defeat and the delivery of the terms of the Congress of Vienna, Rüdesheim passed in 1814 or 1815 to joint Austrian-Bavarian rule. In 1853, the seat of the Amtsbürgermeisterei (“Amt mayoralty”) was established. The Amtsbürgermeistereien of Rüdesheim, Wallhausen, Winterburg and Waldböckelheim all took part in 1893 in the planning for the narrow-gauge railway. Besides passengers, this railway also transported wood from the Soonwald, ore, brownstone and material from the Bockenau quarries. The narrow-gauge railway ran through Rüdesheim along the Ellerbach. The right-of-way is now a street called “Im Wiesengrunde”. The railway station stood at “Am Kesselberg 8” (at the corner of “Im Wiesengrunde”). At the beginning of the First World War, this report came from Rüdesheim:It was a sweltering August day in the year 1914. In the evening, the whole village gathered in the street. A celebratory calm prevailed. The chairmen of the clubs spoke and all enthusiastically agreed to the Kaiserhoch (a cheer). There was a parting celebration taking place for the men who were going off to the war. The next morning, one could see at the narrow-gauge railway station parting scenes. In the years that followed, 254 Russian prisoners of war were assigned to agricultural work in the Rüdesheim Bürgermeisterei (“mayoralty”) region. The time that followed generally brought social and economic hardship, currency devaluation, sometimes famine and coal shortages, and bartering flourished. In the Second World War, many evacuees came from the Saar to Rüdesheim. Other things that locals had to deal with throughout the war were aerial defence measures, collecting drives, receiving ration cards, standing in queues for groceries and other everyday needs, air-raid alerts, searching for potato beetles, collecting scrap, news from the war, funeral services for the fallen and so on. The swimming pool was opened in 1939. During the approach to an air raid on Bad Kreuznach, bombs were accidentally dropped on Rüdesheim. When American tanks rolled through Rüdesheim on 16 March 1945, the village found itself under American occupation. The “Economic Miracle” that set in after the war also made itself felt in Rüdesheim: In 1963, sewerage was laid throughout the village. Also that year, a new school building was dedicated on Schulstraße. A kindergarten, too, was opened. New building zones were laid out as well. On 7 June 1969, in the course of administrative restructuring in Rhineland-Palatinate, Rüdesheim was amalgamated with the town of Bad Kreuznach. The town wanted to expand its industrial park, but Rüdesheimers were mostly against this proposal. Rüdesheim therefore took the state of Rhineland-Palatinate to court. The Constitutional Court (Verfassungsgerichtshof) found in Rüdesheim’s favour on 17 December 1969, and the amalgamation was overturned, splitting the village away from the town once again. In 1970, the old Amtsbürgermeisterei became the Verbandsgemeinde of Rüdesheim. In 1994, the Bundesstraße 41 bypass was dedicated.

Paragraph 18: Quentin Burdick was born in Munich, North Dakota, as the oldest of three children of Usher Lloyd Burdick and Emma Cecelia Robertson. His father was a Republican politician who served as Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota (1911–1913) and a U.S. Representative (1935–1959). His mother was the daughter of the first white settler in the area of North Dakota that lies west of Park River. He was the brother of Eugene Allan Burdick, who was judge of the Fifth Judicial District of North Dakota from 1953 to 1978. His sister Rosemary was married to Robert W. Levering, who was a U.S. Representative from Ohio (1959–1961).

Paragraph 19: He next turned his attention to the outlying parts of the province, which during the eight years of weak and divided rule had fallen into disorder and become a prey to the raids of Miyana and Khosa robbers. Vagad was brought under order and made to pay revenue. The town of Sanva, whose unruly chief had refused to pay tribute was taken and plundered, and its bands of robbers broken and driven out of the country. After Vagad had been brought under order, only two towns resisted the Rao's authority. One of these, Mundra in which Dosal Ven had settled, was attacked and surrendered, Dosal Ven withdrawing with a pension to Betta in Abdasa. As Mandvi, the only remaining town, was too strong to be taken by assault. Fateh Muhammad made ready a fleet of boats and seized its rich trading vessels. Disgusted with their loss, the Mandvi merchants determined to quit Mandvi, whose ruler gave them no protection. Anticipating this result, Fateh Muhammad came to meet them restored their property. In return for this generous treatment the merchants went back to Mandvi, bought over the garrison, and delivered the place into Fateh Muhammad's hands.   Besides in bringing disorderly vassals to obedience, Fateh Muhammad spread the Rao's power by recovering arrears of tribute from the Jam of Navanagar State, and obtained from the Girasias the cession of the Bhachau district in Vagad, which under his management became one of the richest and most populous parts of Kutch. One of his projects of improvement was to make Lakhpat a great port. A fort was built and the place prospered, its revenue doubling in a few years. With the establishment of order he introduced a system of strict and fair government in Kutch. To each district he appointed a manager, and forced them to treat the people with great consideration. At the same time, so long as they had his confidence, he placed in their hands almost unlimited power, neither listening to stories against them nor cramping them by requiring too close an adherence to rules. He thus roused an enthusiasm among his dependents who carried out his orders with a spirit and trust that ensured success. His example was worthy of his precepts. Though the number of his mercenaries was much increased, he, seldom in passing through the country, allowed one of his men to enter a village. The headmen had beforehand orders for supplies, and the greatest care was taken to prevent irregularities. During these years, Kutch, favoured with fruitful seasons, recovered from its misrule, and probably at no time was its trade or its revenue more flourishing.

Paragraph 20: The song tells the tale of Richard Cory from the perspective of a man who works in his factory.  The worker is envious of Cory.  The advantages and recreations available to Richard Cory are enumerated in the song and the worker openly envies not only these specific advantages but Cory's presumed happiness.  The last verse of the song ends similarly to the Robinson poem: Richard Cory went home last night and put a bullet through his head.  Whereas the original poem  concludes with this closing revelation and its implications, the repetition of the chorus in Simon's version (still pressing an insistent envy following Cory's suicide) discloses a second, darker revelation about what the worker wants.

Paragraph 21: Parameswara continue his journey to the north, where he reportedly visited Sening Ujong (now Sungai Ujong) before arriving at a Malay fishing village at the mouth of Bertam River (now Malacca River). He decided to stop there to rest. While he was resting under a tree, he saw his follower's hunting dogs fighting with a small mouse deer before they were kicked into a river by the deer. Amused by this, he thought the place he rested must be an unusual place; following this event, in 1396 he announced the place would be called Malaka. Soon, the site became the centre of the Malay world in the 15th and 16th centuries and the most prosperous entrepôt in the Malay Archipelago. In 1403, the first official Chinese trade envoy led by Admiral Yin Qing arrived in Malacca. Later, Parameśwara was escorted by Zheng He and other envoys in his successful visits. Malacca's relationships with Ming granted protection to Malacca against attacks from Siam and Majapahit and Malacca officially submitted as a protectorate of Ming China. This encouraged the development of Malacca into a major trade settlement on the trade route between China and India, Middle East, Africa and Europe. To prevent the Malaccan empire from falling to the Siamese and Majapahit, he forged a relationship with the Ming dynasty of China for protection. Following the establishment of this relationship, the prosperity of the Malacca entrepôt was then recorded by the first Chinese visitor, Ma Huan, who travelled together with Admiral Zheng He. On his descriptions, he wrote;

Paragraph 22: Jack begins integrating the extrapolator into the TARDIS to speed up the engine recharge. Rose and Mickey hang out together, and he claims to her that he is dating someone else because she is not there for him. Before Rose can answer whether she will come back to Mickey, Cardiff is struck by a large earthquake that is coming from the Rift. The Doctor, Blaine, Rose, and Jack regroup and find that the extrapolator was a trap meant to redirect the energy from the TARDIS into the Rift, rupturing it. Jack and the Doctor are unable to stop the energy transfer, and Blaine takes Rose hostage and demands the extrapolator. The heart of the TARDIS opens on the console, bathing Blaine in light. While she is captivated by the light, Jack and the Doctor close the rift and disable the extrapolator. As the console closes, they find that Blaine's human suit is empty except for an egg. The Doctor surmises that the TARDIS sensed that Blaine wanted a second chance at life and gave it to her. The TARDIS crew decides to return the egg to Raxacoricofallapatorius so Blaine can be raised in a different family. Rose realises Mickey has left without saying goodbye. She runs out to look for him, but finds he has gone.

Paragraph 23: Skating for the Soviet Union, Pavel Pegov finished second behind Japanese skater Akira Kuroiwa at the World Sprint Championships of 1983. In March that year, on the Medeo rink at Alma-Ata, he broke Yevgeny Kulikov's two-year-old world record on the 500 m. On the 25th of that month, he clocked 36.68, and a day later he sharpened the record to 36.57. That same weekend, he raced a perfect 1000 m – setting a legendary world record time of 1:12.58. He was the first speed skater to skate the 1000 m in less than 1 minute and 13 seconds and, although Igor Zhelezovski managed to equal this time six years later, Pegov's world record would stand undefeated for over ten years; Kevin Scott clocked 1:12.54 in Calgary 19 December 1993. His four Medeo races of 36.68, 1:12.58, 36.57, and 1:14.83 gave him another world record – the sprint combination samalogue point sum 146.955. This record lasted until Igor Zhelezovski very narrowly improved it to 146.945 in Heerenveen in February 1989. 

Paragraph 24: Upon arrival in Bekabad he worked in the construction of the Farhad hydroelectric station, where he organized a theater ensemble at the construction site. He later attended Central Asia University. Despite living under strict conditions and harsh penalties for defying the Soviet government, he participated in the Crimean Tatar Civil Rights Movement from his early days in exile, meeting in secret with other prominent Crimean Tatars, where they read poetry mourning the loss of their beloved Crimea and founding the National Movement of Crimean Tatars. After working as a cinema director he became an editor at the fiction publisher in Tashkent, where he worked from 1967 to 1972. His works included poems and short stories such as "Беяз чечеклер", "Атешли куньлер", "Козьлеринде кедер сездим", "Бульбульнинъ эляк олувы", "О кузь чечеклерини север эди", and "Хатырлав". Having become a member of the Union of Writers of the USSR in 1967, he was admitted to the Union of Journalists of the USSR in 1968. He continued to write about Crimea in both Russian and Crimean Tatar, but his participation in the Crimean Tatar movement led to him having to leave Central Asia. He resettled in Novorossiysk, which was closer to Crimea, but due to the lack of a sizable Crimean Tatar population, his ability to participate in the Crimean Tatar movement was somewhat stifled and it was harder to get his writings in Crimean Tatar published, since almost nobody in Novorossiysk was fluent in the language. For the next few years most of his writing was in Russian. He later continued his work with the Crimean Tatar movement, becoming one of the organizers for the July 1987 Moscow picket for the right of return, where he gave a speech. He later participated in the march from Taman to Simferopol, resulting in him being condemned by name in the newspaper Pravda Vostoka for his role in organizing the protest despite his membership in the Union of Writers of the USSR. After the publication of the newspaper, he and other participants in the march faced intense persecution for their role in it. Despite ongoing persecution of activists in the Crimean Tatar movement, he continued to support the cause; he eventually got his works published in Crimea in the late 1990s, but he lived in Novorossiysk for the remainder of his life. After he died on 21 March 2004 he was buried there, and in 2014 a monument in his hometown of Albat was erected in his memory. His poetry mourning the loss of his beloved Crimea remain popular today.

Paragraph 25: Born in Nitro, West Virginia, Burdette was signed by the New York Yankees in 1947, and after making two relief appearances for the team in September 1950, he was traded to the Braves in August 1951 for four-time 20-game winner Johnny Sain. Along with left-hander Warren Spahn and right-hander Bob Buhl, he gave the Braves one of the best starting rotations in the majors during the 1950s, winning 15 or more games eight times between 1953 and 1961. Burdette led National League pitchers in earned run average in . When Milwaukee won the 1957 World Series against the Yankees, Burdette became the first pitcher in 37 years to win three complete games in a series, and the first since Christy Mathewson in 1905 to pitch two shutouts (Games 5 and 7), starting Game 7 after Games 1 and 4 starter Warren Spahn was stricken by the flu. In the 1958 Series, however, the Yankees defeated Burdette twice in three starts. The final setback came in Game 7, which he again started on only two days' rest, a decision for which manager Fred Haney was widely criticized. In addition to winning 20 games in  and tying Spahn for the National League lead with 21 victories in , Burdette won 19 in 1956 and 1960, 18 in 1961, and 17 in 1957.

Paragraph 26: Zamindar Koteswara Rao (Tyagaraju) belongs to the royal family, the happiness arises in their palace when his wife Janaki Devi (Savitri) becomes pregnant after a long time. Learning it, Zamindar's brother-in-law Bhaskar Rao (Rao Gopal Rao), a vicious person becomes jittery and arranges his men to slaughter the newborn child. To the fortune, the child is protected by a circus owner Chalapati Rao (Allu Ramalingaiah) and rears him. In the nick of time, Janaki Devi delivers the second child. Years rolled by, and the younger one Raja (N. T. Rama Rao) a good-hearted person exploited by Bhaskar Rao and submerged in all sorts of vices. Bhaskar Rao also plans to perform his daughter Jaya's (Jaya Prada) marriage with Raja to catch hold of the proprietary. Advocate Yugandhar (Prabhakar Reddy), the personal solicitor to Zamindar always suspects Bhaskar Rao and keeps an eye on him. Once Raja in a drunken state makes an accident in which a person dies, moving forward, he too hits and collapses when a woman, Ankamma (Sujatha) saves him, after recovery, he realizes that the person who died is Ankamma's father. Here he burns out of contrition and accepts his sin before Ankamma when she forgives him. There, he starts loving her which Zamindar opposes, so, he marries Ankamma in the temple. Bhaskar Rao becomes aware of it and makes an accident with Raja, by which he loses his memory. Parallelly, Bhaskar Rao misleads Zamindar by spreading the bereavement of Raja which Zamindar could not tolerate, and dies. After that, Bhaskar Rao hides Raja in a secret place claiming that he has been sent to a foreign for treatment. On the other side, Anakamma becomes pregnant, gives birth to a baby, and reaches the palace when Bhaskar Rao necks her out. Yugandhar spots all these atrocities, fortuitously, he encounters the elder one Ramu (again N. T. Rama Rao) and reveals the entire story. Now Ramu decides to teach a lesson to Bhaskar Rao he enters the palace as Raja, but Jaya recognizes him when Ramu divulges the truth, so, she too joins him and they fall in love. At Present, Bhaskar Rao is stuck in between, so, he guns Ankanmma on Ramu. In that predicament, Ramu accepts her as his wife, afterward, he clearly explains the reality, all of them play a drama that starts teasing Bhaskar Rao, finding the whereabouts of Raja and safeguarding him in the circus company. Eventually, Bhaskar Rao detects their play and plans to kill Raja. Knowing it, Ramu rushes to the circus and saves him. In that quarrel, Raja gets back his memory and both of them see the end of Bhaskar Rao. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Ramu & Jaya.

Paragraph 27: On 3 October 1916 William Tritton, about to be knighted for developing the Mark I, proposed to the Tank Supply Committee that a faster and cheaper tank, equipped with two engines like the Flying Elephant, should be built to exploit gaps that the heavier but slow tanks made, an idea that up till then had been largely neglected. This was accepted on 10 November and approved by the War Office on 25 November. At that time the name for the project was the Tritton Chaser. Traditionally, the name Whippet (after the fast-running dog breed) is attributed to Sir William himself. Actual construction started on 21 December. The first prototype, with a revolving turret taken from an Austin armoured car — the first for a British tank design, as Little Willie's original turret was fixed — was ready on 3 February 1917 and participated (probably without one) in the tank trials day at Oldbury on 3 March. The next day, in a meeting with the French to coordinate allied tank production, the Commander-in-Chief of the British forces Field Marshal Haig ordered the manufacture of two hundred vehicles, the first to be ready on 31 July. Although he was acting beyond his authority, as usual, his decisions were confirmed in June 1917. The first production tanks left the factory in October and two were delivered to the first unit to use them, F Battalion of the Tank Corps (later 6th Battalion), on 14 December 1917. In December 1917 the order was increased from 200 to 385 but this was later cancelled in favour of more advanced designs, the Medium Mark B, Medium Mark C and Medium Mark D.

Paragraph 28: Alongside Shadow Dancer, the game is a sequel to Shinobi, and features an original score by Yuzo Koshiro. The game was included in the compilations: Mega Games 2, Mega Drive 6 Pak, Sega Classics Arcade Collection (for the Sega CD), and Sega Smash Pack (for the PC and Dreamcast). It was also re-released for the Wii Virtual Console in 2009, on the PlayStation 3 via PlayStation Network and Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade download services in 2012, and for iOS and Android devices in 2017 via Sega Forever.The game also appears on the Sega Genesis Classics (released as Sega Mega Drive Classics in PAL regions) for Windows, Linux, macOS, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Nintendo Switch.

Paragraph 29: Boulder Mountain is routinely held in high regard by Utahan's as a fisherman's paradise. Fishing opportunities began on the mountain in the 1950s when juvenile fish(fry) were carried via horseback and planted in the area's high alpine lakes and streams. In 1971, the state record brook trout (7 pounds, 8 ounces) was caught in Boulder Mountain's waters. Brook trout are the prominent species stocked on Boulder Mountain. Colorado River Cutthroat are the fish species native to the area. In 2014, a committee consisting of anglers and residents convened to determine the future management of the fisheries on Boulder Mountain.  This committee assisted the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources in resolving the issue of overpopulating brook trout in the alpine lakes of Boulder Mountain. Based on the discussion, 35 percent of the lakes would be managed for trophy brook trout. The management plan categorized each lake into ten different sections: North Creek, North Slope, South Slope, East Slope, West Slope, Boulder Top, Griffin Top, and Escalante Mountain. The management plan introduces splake, tiger, and cutthroat trout to the waters that the committee deemed appropriate. Colorado cutthroat populations have steadily decreased since the introduction of brook trout to the area. Emphasizing the importance of re-establishing a healthy population of native trout in the area, sterile brook trout (triploid) and other sterile trout species, such as tiger and splake trout, were introduced to increase fishing opportunities.

Paragraph 30: In 2011 Agricantus receive the award for the Mediterranean culture Bodini, that the group will dedicate to Amnesty International, which will be present at their live for the fiftieth anniversary of the founding, doing a series of concerts and TV broadcasts. In May 2012 Agricantus play in Barcelona in support of free radio, will be published in a CD with songs of all participants in the festival. On August 7, 2012 on Rai Uno Tonj Acquaviva announces the release of the new concept album Kuntarimari, thematic work inspired by the tales of the sea with various collaborations of international musicians. And in an interview on August 10 Ecoradio, send a preview of the title track of the album "Kuntarimari".  In October 2012, the Agricantus have the Cd Kuntarimari in Barcelona the seat of the SGAE (Spanish Society authors publishers). In November, the album will be presented to the “house of the Italian” with a screening of the documentary "Agricantus by Tonj Acquaviva" dedicated to the greatest composer of the band. The presentation will be made at the concert Tradicionarius, the theater more representative for world music in Barcelona, within the festival "Cose di Amilcare," in collaboration with the Catalan festival "Barnasants." Creator of the festival Sergio Sacchi Secondiano "cultural soul" of the Club Tenco, (the festival that in 1996 awarded the Targa Tenco Group Agricantus) of the event will be made a CD, "Cose di Amilcare" with songs of all participants in the festival. At the end of 2012 Mario Crispi, Mario Rivera and Paolo Dossena meet and decide to resume production of Agricantus through the project "reunion", calling on all artists who in the past had contributed to the creative level in various capacities, including, Acquaviva and Wiederkehr. Acquaviva and Wiederkehr respond negatively to the invitation, because in full activity with Agricantus. Immediately after, unbeknownst to Acquaviva and Wiederkehr, Paolo Dossena, Mario Rivera and Mario Crispi register the mark Agricantus claiming to be the sole holder of the right to represent continuity with the original project. In the same year, Rivera, Crispi and Dossena create the formation "Agricantus Reunion" involving the musician Federica Zammarchi, as female voice, and Giovanni Lo Cascio on drums. With this lineup the band does some concerts and participates in the video / single Uommene / Omini produced by :Blob, Amnesty International and Legambiente. In August 2013 Tonj Acquaviva and Rosie Wiederkehr released the album Kuntarimari with Discmedi / Warner Music editions España receiving an excellent reception from audiences and critics. In 2014 Agricantus Reunion publish Turnari, early exit of the single 'Nsunnai and its video, nonché dal Concerto del Primo Maggio 2014 tenuto a Piazza San Giovanni a Roma, as well as from the Concerto del Primo Maggio 2014 held in Piazza San Giovanni in Rome, where Federica Zammarchi is considered to be the new voice of Agricantus Reunion.  Following the controversy triggered by the contemporary use of the name between, Mario Crispi, Mario Rivera, Paolo Dossena on the one hand, and on the other Tonj Acquaviva and Rosie Wiederkehr, the two sides, confirming the two different paths, testify to the bitter legal conflict still course.  To avoid overlapping Tonj Acquaviva and Rosie Wiederkehr decide to use Agricantus "by Acquaviva."