Paragraph 1: Venkatesh Kumar. G was born on 25 June 1981 to Advocate Govindaswaminathan and G. Mallika at Cuddalore, Tamil Nadu. He later moved to Chennai and graduated from SRM College of Physiotherapy. While struggling as a director, he worked in many call centres, and simultaneously made his short films.  Though he is a physio, his passion was in film making and he hardly practised his profession and got into film making and has directed ten short films, six documentaries and 3 feature films so far. All his Short Works were Screened at the famous VGIK in 2013 during his visit to Moscow under the program of Russian Federation "Generation Next". He was the only Tamil Delegate to be a part of the 8 member Indian Delegation. He is the winner of two Indo-Russian Awards. He made his debut into Tamil film industry with Unakkul Naan In 2016 the Film "Unakkul Naan" was premiered at Norway and was released worldwide in April 2016 and received mixed reviews and critics for the film. His second film, Lightman, highlighted the plight of the downtrodden "Lightmen". His Recent Film The Beautiful Eye explored the world of visually challenged and was released on the "World Sight Day" 2017 Worldwide. He is currently directing a Biopic on Tamil Leader Velupillai Prabhakaran and it is titled சீறும் புலிகள் the raging tigers and scheduled to release in 2019. He was invited by the Leo Tolstoy estate museum at yasnaya polyana in September 2019 to present a Tamil book "Kadhaimanikkovai" which was written by his great-grandfather Rao.Sahib K.Kothandapani Pillai in 1932. The book carried three short stories of leo tolstoy translated in Tamil it was a text book for Tamil school students from 1930 to 1950 and the first of its kind in Tamil language. Mr. Kothandapani Pillai served as the deputy collector and controller of Emigration Madras till Indian republic. Mr Kumar delivered a speech on the topic leo tolstoy influence on Tamil literature at yasnaya polyana He was invited as a Guest Speaker to participate in the 100th anniversary celebrations of Leo Tolstoy estate museum at yasnaya polyana from Tamil Nadu in 2021. He was awarded the "Honorary Diploma" by Russian Federal Agency Rossotrudnichestvo For active work on the development of international humanitarian and public relations, exemplary organization, preparation and holding of significant events in the field of culture and education, popularization of the Russian language in December 2021.

Paragraph 2: Above all else, Quintilian advocates that a good orator must be a vir bonus, a good man (12.1.1). To aid the orator in becoming a good man, Quintilian discusses methods for influencing his character, coupled with the study of philosophy (12.2). Quintilian then emphasizes the study of civic law as essential to orator's ability to advise the state (12.3). Also discussed are the orator's ability to draw from past and present examples (12.4), as well as a certain "loftiness of the soul" that situates the orator above fear (12.5.1). Quintilian does not offer a specific age at which the orator should begin to plead; he reasons that this age "will of course depend on the development of his strength" (12.6.2). The orator's careful selection of cases is then discussed, alongside the question of payment (12.7). In (12.8), Quintilian stresses that the orator must devote time and effort to his study of cases. But above his other duties, Quintilian makes clear that the orator "should never, like so many, be led by a desire to win applause to neglect the interest of the actual case" (12.9.1). Lastly, Quintilian compares various styles of Greek and Roman oratory (especially Atticism and the Asiatic style), also commenting on artistic styles of painting and sculpture (12.10). As he concludes, Quintilian discusses when the orator should retire and examines the possible advantages of such a career. His final words urge the orator to devote himself fully to the task: "Wherefore let us seek with all our hearts that true majesty of oratory, the fairest gift of god to man, without which all things are stricken dumb and robbed alike of present glory and the immortal record of posterity; and let us press forward to whatsoever is best, since, if we do this, we shall either reach the summit or at least see many others far beneath us" (12.11.30).

Paragraph 3: He joined the family business in 1963.  Upon the death of his uncle Karl Schmitz-Scholl in March, 1969 he became the group's managing director.  Haub concentrated the Tengelmann group business on the retail trade. Under his guidance Tengelmann expanded:  in 1971 it took over the grocery chain Kaiser's; in 1972 Haub founded the discount grocery retailer Plus.  In the following years, Tengelmann focused on the development of its international business, which led to the 1979 takeover of The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company.  In 2000, he handed the position over to his son Karl-Erivan, and joined the supervisory board.

Paragraph 4: Beattie was fit to play by the start of the 1977–78 season, but a knee injury sustained in a league match led to him withdrawing from the England squad to face Luxembourg. Further investigation revealed he had damaged cartilage in his knee, which required an operation. Having had three weeks' recuperation and a cortisone injection, he was restored to the Ipswich squad in time to play in the third round UEFA Cup home leg against FC Barcelona. Ipswich won the fixture 3–0, and even though he suffered a reaction in his knee, he insisted he was able to play in the away leg. Robson disagreed, and Beattie was left out of the side for the game; Ipswich were knocked out on penalties. Cortisone injections became commonplace for Beattie, who returned to the team in time for the FA Cup fourth-round victory against Hartlepool. Although Ipswich's form in the league was poor, they were safe from relegation by the time they faced West Bromwich Albion in the FA Cup semi-final at Highbury, a game for which Beattie was given the all-clear. A 3–1 victory saw Ipswich into the final, yet the next day his knee was once again swollen and his participation in the final was in jeopardy. According to Beattie, "the boss secretly told me that if I felt fit enough to play then I was in". Robson did not announce the Cup final team until the last minute: it included a formation change to include five midfielders and Paul Mariner as a lone striker – and Beattie in defence. Roger Osborne's late goal for Ipswich was the only score of the game, and they won the trophy. Beattie had three cortisone injections to get through the final. Following the cup final success, he and teammates Robin Turner and David Geddis were awarded the freedom of Carlisle. Beattie had represented Ipswich 21 times during the course of the season, without scoring a goal.

Paragraph 5: Gruff American gangster Dickey pushes his broken-down car along a causeway through rising seawater while his eccentric companion Albie lies inside, bleeding from a gunshot wound after a bungled robbery. Cut off by the unexpected rising tide, they are on the only road to a bleak and remote tidal island (Lindisfarne in Northumberland), where, in a dark castle on a hilltop, a deeply neurotic and effeminate middle-aged Englishman named George lives with his second wife, the young and promiscuous Teresa. Dickey breaks into the castle and telephones his underworld boss, Katelbach, to send someone to get him and Albie. He then disconnects the phone lines and proceeds to hold the couple hostage while awaiting the arrival of Katelbach the next day.

Paragraph 6: Recruited by the Green Lantern known as Starkaor, he is known to have come to Earth on several occasions. In the American Old West, he teams up with an ancestor of Hal Jordan's to battle an alien named Traitor (who was responsible for the death of Starkaor). Abin would then wield Starkaor's ring after his mentor's death. In 1873, while severely wounded, he recruits the lawman Daniel Young to be a temporary Green Lantern. During World War II, he encounters Starman and Bulletman when the three battle an alien being under the control of Mr. Mind. On a later visit, his ring's power is neutralized by the foe he is tracking. He discovers the unconscious forms of Alan Scott and Jay Garrick, and borrows Scott's slightly different ring. He uses it against his adversary, taking advantage of the ring's effectiveness against the color yellow. He also visits Earth at some point between the Golden and Silver Ages, when he encounters the Martian Manhunter. At one point, Abin Sur imprisons the evil wizard Myrhydden inside his own ring, depriving him of the voice needed to cast his spells. Later, he is sent to retrieve Earth's most infamous gangster, Al Magone, whose evil had brought him to the notice of the Guardians. Abin Sur imprisoned Magone on a prison planet where time did not pass, an action that would have ripples throughout the Corps for decades to come.

Paragraph 7: DC Comics/Vertigo/WildstormRose and Thorn #1–6 (with Adriana da Silva Melo, DC Comics, February – July 2004)Action Comics #827–831 & 833–835 (with John Byrne, DC Comics, July – November 2005 & January – March 2006) collected as:Superman: Strange Attractors (192 pages, May 2006, )Villains United #1–6 (with Dale Eaglesham, DC Comics, July – December 2005) collected as:Villains United (144 pages, January 2006, )Secret Six #1–6 (with Brad Walker, DC Comics, July 2006 – January 2007) collected as:Six Degrees of Devastation (144 pages, March 2007, )Birds of Prey #56–90, 92–108 (DC Comics, August 2003 – July 2007) collected as:Of Like Minds (with Ed Benes, collects Birds of Prey #56–61, 144 pages, March 2004, )Sensei & Student (with Ed Benes, collects Birds of Prey #62–68, 168 pages, February 2005, )Between Dark & Dawn (with Ed Benes, collects Birds of Prey #69–75, 176 pages, March 2006, )The Battle Within (with Joe Bennett and Ed Benes, collects Birds of Prey #76–85, 240 pages, October 2006, )Perfect Pitch (with Joe Bennett and Paulo Siqueira, collects Birds of Prey #86–90 and #92–95, 224 pages, February 2007, )Blood and Circuits (with Nicola Scott, Paulo Siqueira and James Raiz, collects Birds of Prey #96–103, 208 pages, August 2007, )Dead of Winter (with Nicola Scott, collects Birds of Prey #104–108, 128 pages, February 2008, )Welcome to Tranquility #1–12 (with Neil Googe, Wildstorm, February 2007 – January 2008) collected as:Volume 1 (collects Welcome to Tranquility #1–6, 160 pages, December 2007, )Volume 2 (collects Welcome to Tranquility #7–12, 144 pages, May 2008, )The All-New Atom #1–15, 17–18, 20 (DC Comics, September 2006 – April 2008) collected as:My Life in Miniature (collects The All New Atom #1–6, 160 pages, )Future/Past (collects The All New Atom #7–11, 128 pages, )The Hunt For Ray Palmer (collects The All New Atom #12–16, 128 pages, )Small Wonder (collects The All New Atom #17–18 and #20–25, 198 pages, )JLA: Classified 2004 (DC Comics, January 2008) collected as:The Hypothetical Woman (with Jose Luis Garcia-Lopez, Klaus Janson, and Sean Phillips, collects JLA: Classified #16–21, January 2006 – May 2006, ≈134 pages, softcover, January 2008, )Wonder Woman vol. 3 #14–44, vol. 1 #600, & vol 5 #750 (DC Comics, January 2008 – July 2010) collected as:

Paragraph 8: After running a mile down its limestone valley, the Leach reaches Northleach, the first settlement to which it gives its name. The river enters Northleach to the south west, where it gushes out of a Victorian conduit just below the Fosse Way. At this point it is also known as the Seven Springs. The site of the first watermill on the river is in a part of Northleach called Mill End. A section of the river is confined into mill race type stonework, close to the churchyard and runs behind houses marking the town boundary. The river can next be seen at a road bridge at the end of the town. It is still little more than ditch-sized, and as such continues down the valley to the hamlet of Eastington running alongside a lane before passing through a culvert and away through grazing land.

Paragraph 9: The British Foreign Secretary Anthony Eden anticipated that by 1940 Germany might be persuaded to return to the League of Nations, accept arms limitations, and renounce her territorial claims in Europe in exchange for remilitarization of the Rhineland, return of the former German African colonies and German "economic priority along the Danube" The Foreign Office's Ralph Wigram advised that Germany should be permitted to remilitarize the Rhineland in exchange for an "air pact" outlawing bombing and a German promise not to use force to change their borders. However, 'Wigram did not succeed in convincing his colleagues or cabinet ministers'. Eden's goal has been defined as that of a "general settlement", which sought "a return to the normality of the twenties and the creation of conditions in which Hitler could behave like Stresemann" (chancellor, foreign minister and democrat during the Weimar Republic). On 16 January 1936, the French Premier Pierre Laval submitted the Franco-Soviet Pact to the Chamber of Deputies for ratification. In January 1936, during his visit to London to attend the funeral of King George V, Neurath told Eden: "If, however, the other signatories or guarantors of the Locarno Pact should conclude bilateral agreements contrary to the spirit of Locarno Pact, we should be compelled to reconsider our attitude." Eden's response to Neurath's veiled threat that Germany would remilitarize the Rhineland if the French National Assembly ratified the Franco-Soviet pact convinced Neurath that if Germany remilitarized, then Britain would take Germany's side against France. There was a clause in the Locarno treaty calling for binding international arbitration if the one of the signatory powers signed a treaty that the other powers considered to be incompatible with Locarno. Both Neurath and his State Secretary Prince Bernhard von Bülow professed to every foreign diplomat with whom they spoke that the Franco-Soviet Pact was a violation of Locarno, but at the same time both strongly advised Hitler not to seek international arbitration in order to determine whether the Franco-Soviet pact really was a violation of Locarno. Seeking international arbitration was a "lose-lose" situation for Germany: resolving the dispute either way would remove Germany's ability to use it as an excuse for remilitarization. Although Neurath indicated several times in press conferences in early 1936 that Germany was planning on using the arbitration clause in Locarno in order to help convince public opinion abroad that the Franco-Soviet pact was a violation of Locarno, the German government never invoked the arbitration clause.

Paragraph 10: This arcade game was ported to the Genesis/Mega Drive in 1991, developed and published by Treco. The port uses fewer (though brighter) colors and, to compensate for the large sprites animating on screen, it features top and bottom black frames; the player's data is shown on the top bar, including a visible life bar for the opponent (which the arcade game lacks). The game implements a betting system where players can win money for winning a fight or throwing one (similar to the later PSP game The Con), as well as a new last boss. The Genesis/Mega Drive port lacks the two players vs. the CPU mode (two players only fought onscreen in the "Grudge Match" after each taking turns against a CPU opponent). This was done due to memory limitations of the system at the time. In the Genesis/Mega Drive port, "Karate Man" wears a red outfit instead of a white one. Both characters are also given a new spinning "power move" (by pressing all three buttons at once) that can take an enemy down in one hit but reduces the player's health. There are three endings to the game, depending upon if the players are broke or not when the final boss is defeated. Should players be "broke", the final image is that of the players in rags, sitting in the gutter. Attaining a respectable amount of money will see the character well dressed, in a fashionable car with an attractive girlfriend. If the character earns an outstanding amount of money (usually gained by gambling all winnings on the player to win before each round), he is shown as a made man with four girls, in an apartment full of money. A final difference between the Genesis/Mega Drive port and the arcade game lies in the console version's ability to grant the player "points" at the end of each successful match that can be assigned to character attributes. The player can gain a larger lifebar, greater speed or power, for example, so that the character will be much more deadly by the end of the game than at the beginning.

Paragraph 11: By far the most common mechanical improvement is the tuning or complete replacement of the engine (otherwise known as an engine swap). The factory standard 5E-FHE produced  when new, and is the most powerful of the naturally aspirated versions of the Toyota E series. However, with minimal modifications to the car itself, this unit can be replaced with the 4E-FTE engine from the Toyota Starlet GT Turbo ('Glanza') which develops . This has been successfully transplanted in a number of Seras in Japan, Australia and the UK where the 'bolt-on' nature of the change and the relatively cheap price of both the replacement engine and additional parts (due to the large numbers of Starlets produced) make it much more attractive than tuning the existing 5E-FHE with custom parts. The Starlet Turbo can be additionally tuned to give substantially more power (175-200 bhp) than those officially released by Toyota. However, in order to achieve these levels of power it is necessary to make quite a number of changes, such as exchanging the intercooler for a larger version and relocating it to the front bumper, installing a revised exhaust and induction kit, plus a number of electronic engine management devices to alter the fuelling and turbo boost safety points.

Paragraph 12: In September 1939, Panthier was called and assigned to a military field hospital. He was released from service in August 1940 in Castres after the Germans invaded France. He resumed his research on typhus under the direction of Paul Giroud in the vaccine department of the Pasteur Institute in Paris. He participated in one of the first French movement of resistance fighters, the Armée des Volontaires (A.V.). Following the arrest, on 11 February 1942, of Marie-Auguste Chabaud, research assistant in the leprosy laboratory of the Pasteur Institute and head of the AV group in the 15th district of Paris, he was sent quickly on a mission by Jacques Trefouël, director of the Pasteur Institute, first at the Pasteur Institute in Algiers (Algeria) and then at La Roche Beaulieu in the remaining free part of France (Zone libre), to create production centers for typhus vaccine. At that time, the Pasteur Institute faced a sensitive issue : the German authorities requisitioned serums and vaccines while typhus raged in French prison camps in Germany. Decision was made to produce typhus vaccine on a large scale using the Durand - Giroud process. The vaccine produced in the unoccupied territories was sent to the prison camps. Upon his return to occupied Paris in May 1943, he participated in the subversive activities of the Wizard (Jean Millet/William Savy) network of the Special Operation Executive, and became an underground agent (P2) from March to September 1944. Wizard network tasks led to the identification of a secret ammunition dump containing 2,000 V1 rockets ready to fire in the stone quarries at St-Leu-d'Esserent, near Paris. Bomber command stove it between 27 June and 5 August 1944. He was entrusted in November 1944 the establishment of a medical service responsible for the reception of prisoners, deportees and refugees in Lille at the northern tip of France. Recalled at his request in the Far East Expeditionary Force, he volunteered to participate in the reduction of one of the last pockets of Third Reich resistance along the Atlantic coast of France, in Royan. He was injured on 15 April 1945 by a mortar shrapnel during military operation. He embarked as a lieutenant doctor on 5 November 1945 aboard the victory ship Kings Point Victory for Indochina where he was appointed chief medical officer of the Indochina-South military laboratory and head of the bacteriology laboratory of the Pasteur Institute in Saigon (currently Ho Chi Minh City). He was demobilized in Marseille on 28 February 1947 and returned to the Pasteur Institute in Paris.

Paragraph 13: Kerplunk (stylized as Kerplunk!)  is the second studio album by American rock band Green Day, released on December 17, 1991, by Lookout! Records. Kerplunk was Green Day's last independent release on the Lookout Records label, and was also the first album to feature Tré Cool on drums. Kerplunk officially includes only 12 tracks, but the versions released on CD and cassette also include the 4 tracks from the Sweet Children EP. One of those tracks is a cover of The Who's "My Generation". Green Day guitarist and singer Billie Joe Armstrong stated in a 2021 Vulture magazine interview that Kerplunk is his favorite album, citing it as "kind of autobiographical."

Paragraph 14: Natesan is frequently visited by an old "Mental" looking old man who demands money from Natesan most of the time. Natesan is irritated by his acts, and yet he supports him with the money. The old man is actually a scientist who has invented many things. Natesan gets angry that the old man cheated on him once, visits his home and is surprised to see all the inventions. The old man explains that he is inventing the machine which makes people invisible. He also shows him a receiver which can receive abnormal frequencies powerful enough to intrude Indian defence. Natesan hears an intrusion that a famous scientist shall be killed by some people. So he rushes to the police station to warn them. The scientist is saved because of his warning. Hence he earns the enmity of Raja Bhupathy as he is behind the master plan of killing the scientist. Bhupathy's men sets off to find the receiver in Natesan's house and find that the receiver is with the old man. The old scientist finally invents the "invisibility" machine. But he is killed by Bhupathy's men. Before dying, he hands over the machine to Natesan and tells him to fight for justice in the country with this. Natesan and one of his children test the machine and sees that it works. Hence Natesan uses the machine and becomes invisible. He once saves Meenakshi from Bhupathy's men when she tried to find their truth and got trapped. The invisible man introduces himself as "Vaathiyaar" (nickname of Thiru M.G.R.) who has come back to the world to fight for justice. Soon Natesan gains fame as invisible "Vaathiyaar" due to his good deeds for society. Since he does good things and does not trouble the public and the government, the police do not arrest him. The child, who is the only person to know about Natesan's invisibility, finds that the invisible man can be seen through red colour, and he wears red glasses. Meenakshi is very proud that she is a friend of "Vaathiyaar" and tells everybody she is his pet. This irritates Natesan and once nose-cuts her in front of everybody to teach her a lesson. Natesan's inferiority complex prevents him from proposing his love for Meenakshi, and he expresses his love to her as "Vaathiyaar", hoping that she would love the hero. But Meenakshi rejects his proposal as she reveals that she loves a poor auto driver who is a gentle man and tells Invisible Man to go out of her life. Natesan reveals his secret to her and is very happy to have won her love.

Paragraph 15: 'Mama' and 'papa' use speech sounds that are among the easiest to produce: bilabial consonants like , , and , and the open vowel . They are, therefore, often among the first word-like sounds made by babbling babies (babble words), and parents tend to associate the first sound babies make with themselves and to employ them subsequently as part of their baby-talk lexicon. Thus, there is no need to ascribe to common ancestry the similarities of !Kung ba, Aramaic abba, Mandarin Chinese , and Persian baba (all "father"); or Navajo amá, Mandarin Chinese , Swahili mama, Quechua mama, and Polish mama (all "mother"). For the same reason, some scientists believe that 'mama' and 'papa' were among the first words that humans spoke.

Paragraph 16: There are seven figures in the painting: from left to right they are John, Jesus, Judas, three soldiers (the one farthest to the right barely visible in the rear), and a man holding a lantern to the scene. They are standing, and only the upper three-quarters of their bodies are depicted. Judas has just kissed Jesus to identify him for the soldiers. The figures are arrayed before a very dark background, in which the setting is obscured. The main light source is not evident in the painting but comes from the upper left; the lesser light source is the lantern held by the man at the right (believed to be a self-portrait of Caravaggio; also, presumably, representing St Peter, who would first betray Jesus by denying him, and then go on to bring the light of Christ to the world). At the far left, a man (St John) is fleeing; his arms are raised, his mouth is open in a gasp, his cloak is flying and being snatched back by a soldier. The flight of the terrified John contrasts with the entrance of the artist; scholars claim that Caravaggio is making the point that even a sinner one thousand years after the resurrection has a better understanding of Christ than does his friend.

Paragraph 17: Because Henry Kelly is "the best Fiddler in the Country," the crew convinces the boss to let them "treat today like a Saturday" and let them have a party and drink the liquor Ryan bought at the store in Blackville. Ryan has a bit too much to drink, gets carried away in his Irish dancing, and steps on McPherson's foot. Twice. A fight breaks out, and it takes the whole camp to calm Ryan and McPherson down. After a lullaby by Mr. Kelly, the men go to bed, and one of the characters, possibly McPherson, walks in covered under a jacket and puts something in Ryan's personal teapot. In most productions, this is where the intermission would begin, and in many cases, a meal be served to the guests by the cast. Turkey was the most common meal. The play then resumes when the crew are just getting out of bed. McGregor complains of symptoms of a hangover, but the boss tells them to go to work anyway. Hogan requests pies for when they get back. Peter Ryan sits down at the table to enjoy his tea, then suddenly collapses on the floor. Boss picks him up, puts him on the bed, and then the crew comes in, as there is too much snow to work. they find Pete Ryan on the floor dead, and accuse each other for his death. After much bickering and arguing, they decide that it is not right to sleep with a dead body in the camp, so they take him out to the spring and bury him. Upon their return, Whoops and Howls leave and unsettling atmosphere. The Lord's Prayer is recited, and they get to sleep. The grave is later blessed by a priest, and all remains calm deep in the Dungarvon Woods.

Paragraph 18: Thus Andronikos II's successor Andronikos III Palaiologos (1328–1341), immediately after his accession, with the help of contributions from various magnates, assembled a large fleet of reportedly 105 vessels. This he personally led in the last major foray of a Byzantine navy in the Aegean, recovering Chios and Phocaea from the Genoese and forcing various smaller Latin and Turkish principalities to come to terms with him. His campaigns against the Ottomans in Bithynia were failures, however, and soon the Ottomans had established their first naval base at Trigleia on the Sea of Marmara, from where they raided the coasts of Thrace. To defend against this new threat, towards the end of Andronikos III's reign a fleet of some 70 ships was built at Constantinople to oppose the Turkish raids, and headed by the , Alexios Apokaukos. This fleet was very active during the civil war of 1341–1347, in which its commander played a prominent role. Following the civil war, Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos (1347–1354) tried to restore the navy and merchant fleet, as a means of both reducing the Empire's economic dependency on the Genoese colony of Galata, which controlled the trade passing through Constantinople, and of securing the control of the Dardanelles against passage by the Turks. To that end, he enlisted the aid of the Venetians, but in March 1349, his newly built fleet of nine warships and about 100 smaller vessels were caught in a storm off the southern shore of Constantinople. The inexperienced crews panicked, and the ships were either sunk or captured by the Genoese. Undeterred, Kantakouzenos launched another effort at building a fleet, which allowed him to re-establish Byzantine authority over Thessalonica and some coastal cities and islands. A core of this fleet was maintained at Constantinople, and although Byzantine ships remained active in the Aegean, and scored some successes over Turkish pirates, they were never able to stop their activities, let alone challenge the Italian navies for supremacy at sea. Lack of funds condemned the fleet to a mere handful of vessels maintained at Constantinople. It is characteristic that in his 1418 pamphlet to the  Theodore II Palaiologos, the scholar Gemistos Plethon advises against the maintenance of a navy, on the grounds that resources were insufficient to adequately maintain both it and an effective army.

Paragraph 19: Lesado: Whose name means "(mentally) injured" in Portuguese, is a mentally affected 40-year-old man, that is friends with Espinha and Fimose, who cannot discern reality from fantasy due his abuse in use drugs and suffer of frequents lapses of memory. Despite his mental instability, Lesado is straightforward person, being well aware of his condition and being an honest and intelligent (though deranged) guy, or was Espinha and Fimose claims, he is "crazy, but not stupidy!". He is often characterized by his weakened appearance with muscle and movement problems and often wears a Gentle Giant green t-shirt. A running gag involving him is that he is that he never refer people by the right name, usually reversing the names Espinha and Fimose or calling Lipo a "chubby boy who doesn't remember his name". . According to Mauricio Ricardo, Lesado was inspired by a co-worker. At first Lesado was introduced as a neighbor of Espinha and Fimose called Eduardo, but the name was quickly forgotten. In later years the character was renamed Diego Arnaldo (in honor of Diego Maradona and Arnaldo Baptista, for having already been involved with drugs). Over the years, the character has gained more prominence, with his parents revealed in the 2013 saga Transando essa Transa being the son of the singers of the old band Alfa Sigma (who derived his full name Eduardo Diego Arnaldo) and also being a youth friend of Coisa Ruim from Só Levando series in the 2020 saga Todo Mundo em Casa!, where it was also revealed that Lesado's mental problems are not due to his high consumption of drugs but because he received infinite knowledge from the Oracle from Tonin series. Lesado also proclaims himself as the main enemy of the Inca Venusians (reference in the villains of National Kid) who according to him aim to use their high wisdom to conquer the world, including having a chip implanted in his brain. In old animations it was believed that they were just a figment of imagination based on Lesado's childhood, but since Todo Mundo em Casa! the Inca Venusians have been revealed to be real and in a parallel timeline Lesado became a hero of Earth in the distant future.

Paragraph 20:  Historical and travel writing A Far Country: travels in Ethiopia, Century, 1990, The Crossing Place: a journey among the Armenians, HarperCollins, 1993,  (Somerset Maugham Award in 1994). This book is being currently translated into Spanish thanks to an Artist Residency granted by the Banff Centre in Alberta, Canada, and the Mexican National Fund for Culture and the Arts.The Bronski House: a return to the Borderlands, HarperCollins, 1995,  – "a story of multi-generational Polish exile involving Zofia Ilinska, friend, neighbour and poet"eCampus blurb: "More than half a century after fleeing the Russians and Nazis, the poet Zofia Ilinska, nee Bronski, went back to the little village of her birth, which was then in Poland but now is part of Belarus. Accompanied by her friend, the travel writer and author Philip Marsden, she was looking for her home, though hoping to find much more -- a key to her childhood, and to her family. Marsden narrates the story of Zofia's return movingly but without sentimentality. And when she gives him her mother's diary, and letters, he begins to peel away the layers of Bronski history. From Zofia's journey we move back in time to the beautiful, courageous Helena, Zofia's mother, whose own family had had to uproot itself during the catastrophic events of 1914. From this chronicle of lost times and displaced souls emerges a passionate, magnificent epic of mother and daughter, a stirring elegy for the worlds that our century has left behind, and an unforgettable testament to love's power to reconstruct and forgive."The Spirit-Wrestlers: a Russian journey, HarperCollins, 1998 (Thomas Cook Travel Book Award 1999)The Chains of Heaven: An Ethiopian Romance, HarperCollins, 2005, The Barefoot Emperor: An Ethiopian Tragedy, HarperPress, 2007,  (A life of Tewodros II).Aida Edemariam, "Birth of an empire: Aida Edemariam is moved by Philip Marsden's vivid exploration of the founding of Ethiopia, The Barefoot Emperor" (review), The Guardian, 12 January 2008.The Levelling Sea: The Story of a Cornish Haven in the Age of Sail, HarperPress, 2011, Rising Ground: A Search for the Spirit of Place, Granta, 2014, The Summer Isles: A Voyage Of The Imagination, Granta, 2019, 

Paragraph 21: Despite his troops' numerical superiority, Windisch-Grätz was paralyzed by increasing fear of a Hungarian attack, and because of this he tried to discover the numbers and strength of the Hungarian armies which were on the Eastern bank of the Tisza river, but his spies were unable to obtain any information. In the second half of March, the Hungarian successful attacks against the Austrian troops northwest to the Tisza river increased (most importantly the Hungarian raid on Losonc from 24 March 1849), and their attempts to start a massive counter-offensive intensified (the crossing of the Hungarian main army to the right bank of the Tisza between 26 and 29 March). Because of this Windisch-Grätz spread his troops out to prevent an outflanking attack from the north (mainly because of the reports overexaggerating the size of the Hungarian troops which attacked Losonc), which he feared that they would relieve the imperial siege of the fortress of Komárom, and could cut his lines of communication. Also the contradictory reports of the commanders of the Austrian troops he sent as outposts to the line of the Tisza, about the alleged crossings of Hungarian troops on the different bridges, augmented his uncertainty and indecision. Spreading his corps, divisions, and brigades across such a wide geographical distance, Windisch-Grätz handed the Hungarians the possibility of victory on a silver plate. On 23 March the commander of the I. corps, Lieutenant Field Marshal Josip Jelačić, informed Windisch-Grätz about the crossing of the Tisza of "important forces" at Cibakháza, that they planning a general attack against his positions, and because of this he asked for at least one of Schlik's III. corps divisions as reinforcement. Windisch-Grätz, who was not sure about the reality of this report, wrote to Schlik, to decide for himself to send, or not the required division to Jelačić. On 24 March Windisch-Grätz was informed that his 500-600 soldiers' strong detachment from Losonc was attacked by Hungarian forces, which captured half of them. The leader of the Austrian detachment, Colonel Károly Almásy wrote a very exaggerated report that the Hungarian troops were 5000-6000 strong (while in reality, they had about 400 soldiers), which alarmed Windisch-Grätz, making him fear that the Hungarians want to relieve Komárom. So, as a result of his new orders, on 26–27 March the Ramberg division occupied Balassagyarmat, the Csorich division took a position at Vác, the Lobkowitz division of the Schlik corps stood at Gödöllő, and his Liechtenstein division at Tápióbicske, while the I. corps of Jelačić remained until 1 April around Cegléd, and to supervise the safe keeping of the locomotives, wagons, salt-stock, and other kinds of value stocks from Szolnok, then on 2 April to march to Alberti.

Paragraph 22: Shooting Star's identity was at some point taken over by an unnamed demon in the employ of Master Pandemonium, who believed Firebird to be one of the possessors of his fragmented soul. To keep the Rangers from meeting regularly and perhaps posing a threat to him before he had completed his study of Firebird, Pandemonium dispatched the demon to take Shooting Star's place. Firebird nevertheless believed the demon to be hiding among the Avengers' West Coast branch and with her guidance the Rangers confronted the heroes, only to flush the demon in Shooting Star out of hiding. The demon claimed that Shooting Star was a human guise it had taken long before, that there never was a Victoria Star. The Avengers imprisoned the demon at their Compound and began an investigation of Master Pandemonium, but the Texas Twister, demonstrating a curious lack of concern, did not accompany them. Soon, however, Texas Twister returned to the Avengers Compound at a time when Hawkeye was alone, demanding to see the captive demon. Twister declared his love for the demon, which turned back into Shooting Star. Texas Twister went on to explain that the demon had come to him months ago when Twister's powers seemed to be fading, making him afraid that he would lose Shooting Star if their rodeo act broke up on account of his lost powers. The demon offered to augment the Twister's powers in exchange for his soul, and the Twister agreed, but after his powers were restored he begged to be spared, so the demon possessed Shooting Star instead, casting a spell that prevented Twister from telling anyone about this. Twister studied the occult until he found a means to expel the demon from Star. The demon then possessed Twister himself and battled Hawkeye and Shooting Star. Ultimately, Star threatened to kill the demon rather than allow the possession to continue, and the demon reluctantly imprisoned itself in a statue. Texas Twister and Shooting Star were reunited.

Paragraph 23: Adherents of the Union side in the Civil War regarded secession as illegal by any means and President Abraham Lincoln, drawing in part on the legacy of President Andrew Jackson, regarded it as his job to preserve the Union by force if necessary.  However, President James Buchanan, in his State of the Union Address of December 3, 1860, stated that the Union rested only upon public opinion and that conciliation was its only legitimate means of preservation; President Thomas Jefferson also had suggested in 1816, after his presidency but in official correspondence, that secession of some states might be desirable. Beginning with South Carolina in December 1860, eleven Southern states and one territory both ratified an ordinance of secession and effected de facto secession by some regular or purportedly lawful means, including by state legislative action, special convention, or popular referendum, as sustained by state public opinion and mobilized military force.  Both sides in the Civil War regarded these eleven states and territory as de facto seceding.  Two other Southern states, Missouri and Kentucky, attempted secession ineffectively or only by irregular means.  These two states remained within the Union, but were regarded by the Confederacy as having seceded.  Two remaining Southern states, Delaware and Maryland, rejected secession and were not regarded by either side as having seceded.  No other state considered secession.  In 1863 a Unionist government in western Virginia created a new state from 50 western counties which entered the Union as West Virginia. The new state contained 24 counties that had ratified Virginia's secession ordinance.

Paragraph 24: While working as a team, Shankar and Jaikishan used to compose their songs separately. Generally, Shankar liked to work with Shailendra and Jaikishan with Hasrat Jaipuri though there are notable instances where Shankar worked with Hasrat and Jaikishan with Shailendra. Of course there are a number of songs done jointly in which both of them contributed. Between the two, Shankar was the senior partner and hence, he would usually arrange the orchestra, even for Jaikishan's songs. There was a gentleman's agreement between them for not identifying the actual composer of the song. As a result, it has been a popular pastime for S-J aficionados to try to tell a Shankar song from a Jaikishan song. Dance numbers, title/theme songs and soulful songs were Shankar's forte while Jaikishan was a master of composing background score, apart from romantic songs (he is generally regarded as the best ever in this genre) and simple, catchy compositions which became instant hits ("Ehsaan Mere Dil Pe" being a typical example of such songs). However, Shankar was no smaller in this aspect of devising simple 'straight line' tunes: "Mera Joota Hai Japani" (Shri 420, 1955), Yeh Mera Deewanapan Hai (Yahudi, 1958) Awaara Hoon (Awaara, 1951), Kisi ke Muskurahaton (Anari, 1959), also being the best example of this genre.

Paragraph 25: On completion, the CEO of Designbridge, the 16 Clerkenwell Close neighbour contacted the councillor sitting as chairman of Planning Committee B, responsible for all planning approvals within the Clerkenwell Ward receiving more than five public objections. Both neighbour and councillor mistakenly thought the building was constructed without approval, having received planning approval by delegated powers without having to be presented to the Planning Committee of councillors. Without realising the error and already campaigning for election and promotion as chair of all planning committees, the councillor began a press campaign stating, "it is the ugliest building I have ever seen, being of brutalist concrete, I have given an order for its demolition". A demolition order was issued during June 2017 and withdrawn the same month on the council receiving copies of full approval notices, drawings for the stone façade and internal department notes and certificates confirming planning and conservation officers and their heads of department had approved and signed off the design and its final details. Still on their election campaign the councillor was informed of the cancellation of the demolition order, maintaining the withdrawal was an error possibly due to a spelling mistake and that it would be reissued. Stating "the building is not stone and if it is then it cannot be loadbearing and any fossils must have been carved by hand on site and are therefore fake", when questioned by Richard Waite of the Architects' Journal. February 2018 another demolition order was issued following "an investigation" by the same councillor because "neighbours were unable to see the stone facade as the drawings had not been placed online for the public to see". On searching both online and original paper files no certificates, drawings, photographs of stone nor internal notes approving the design could be found, only the previously approved brick design option whose drawings were superseded. Additionally, that had approval had been granted for a stone building, the final design differed from the approved design. This order cited the location of the fossils within the stone façade as "[...] deleterious to the conservation area and listed buildings" due to their "haphazard" placement. When copies of the full approved set of information was sent in again, the head of the Planning Enforcment Department replied that as no information relating to a stone design could now be found within the planning department, the constructed building cannot have planning approval and must therefore be demolished. 

Paragraph 26: The HT-6000, released in late 1987 but not widely available until late 1988, was an entirely different SD synthesizer which greatly expanded SD the synthesis engine. While designed as a consumer model, it was far more powerful than the more professional-appearing HZ-600 whose synthesis engine the other HT's utilized. The HT-6000 introduced for the HT line some of the more high-end features previously only included by Casio in the CZ line, such as ring-modulation, detuning, key-follow, and initial-touch (which, among the CZ's, was only found on the most advanced model, the CZ-1). The HT-6000 used an impressive 4 DCO's per voice (vs. 1 on the other SD synths, and 2 on the CZ synths). It had 64 DCO wave forms to choose from (32 basic, 16 with noise [white or metallic], and 16 with ring modulation). It had 8 independent VCF filters (1 per voice, vs. 1 per channel), and added key-follow parameters for both the DCA and VCF. The DCA also added attack and decay curves (acute and obtuse). It also added an independent ADSR envelope for noise. The 4 DCO's each use the same waveform, VCF and DCA envelopes, but can have separate tunings, velocity response curves, and relative DCA envelope depths. Stacking the oscillators with detunes allowed the creation of flange and chorus effects, fat "super saws", and the creation of dual-note or even triad and 4-note leads. The filter cutoffs could be set to respond to velocity which added some expressiveness. Because each oscillator could have separate tuning and velocity response, it was also possible to have the pitch change according to pressure, if one of two differently tuned oscillators had an inverse velocity curve. Ring modulation used oscillator 4 to modulate oscillator 3, and allowed the creation of metallic and pulse sounds, lower bass harmonics and even distortion. Like the HZ-600 but unlike the others, the HT-6000 had a complete parameter list silkscreened on the outer panel, somewhat alleviating the need for a manual. In terms of "home keyboard" features the HT-6000 improved the auto-accompaniment versus the previous HT's by including some additional PCM drum sounds, an additional accompaniment part ("obbligato"), 4 bass patches (versus one), additional chord inversions (including more tonic, suspended and subdominant triads), and the addition of "Intro" and drum and chord "Variation" for auto-rhythms. The HT-6000 was also sold in Germany by Hohner as the KS-610/TR. The HT-6000 was reviewed in Keyboard Magazine, November 1988, p. 149. If the HT-6000, rather than the HZ-600, had been packaged as the "professional" model, it may have sold much better.

Paragraph 27: In the 19th century Allington comprised two parishes, East and West, but centred on one village as a township which looked after the poor of both parishes. In 1872 White's Directory reported that East Allington had a population of 267, and West Allington 141. The combined area of both parishes was , two-thirds of which was owned by the lord of the manor, John Earle Welby of Allington Hall. Noted was the "farm house... in Elizabethan style" [on Bottesford Road] "said to be the ancient manor house". The village cross is mentioned, as is a "copious" chalybeate spring called 'Saltwell' at the south. The ecclesiastical parish of Holy Trinity Church in West Allington was a rectory in the gift of the Lord Chancellor; the incumbent, in lieu of tithes, received  of glebe – an area of land used to support a parish priest – and a rectory house built in 1870 for £1,250. The parish of East Allington, under St James Church (restored in 1855), received a benefice which was combined with that of Sedgebrook, and included  of glebe. The feast day for both Allington parishes was on Old Michaelmas Day. A National School had been built in 1848 by the lord of the manor, and in 1858 a Primitive Methodist chapel was built for £250. Professions and trades listed in 1872 for West Allingon were the parish rector, a tailor, two joiners & undertakers, and four farmers, two of whom were also graziers. Listed for East Allington were a schoolmistress, a shopkeeper, a mason who was also a bricklayer and contractor, a brewer, the licensed victualler of the Welby Arms who was also a farmer and grazier, and five further farmers, one of whom was also a coal & lime merchant, two a grazier, and another a grazier and butcher.

Paragraph 28: In 1993 she arrived in New York City to study acting at the Circle in the Square Theatre School. The following year, discovered by an agent while working as a waitress, she was cast as the female lead in the 1994 science fiction film Stargate, for which she received a Sci-fi Universe award. She has appeared in films such as Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man opposite Johnny Depp, Doug Ellin's Kissing a Fool opposite David Schwimmer, Polish Wedding opposite Claire Danes, and Robert Benton's The Human Stain opposite Anthony Hopkins. In 1999, she portrayed a Bosnian rape victim in the pilot episode of the long-running NBC legal drama, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. Avital appeared in three other episodes of the series: "Parasites", "Manhattan Vigil", and "Depravity Standard". She also appeared in the Law & Order: Criminal Intent episode "Palimpsest". Her television work includes Scheherazade in the Emmy-nominated ABC miniseries Arabian Nights to rave reviews, Jon Avnet's Uprising, and After the Storm . In 2009–2010 Avital appeared in the FX TV show Damages, in a recurring role as the mistress to the husband of Patty Hewes (Glenn Close). She appeared in the 2012 ABC television series 666 Park Avenue.

Paragraph 29: With aid from the Guardian, Osiris discovers that the phased object was in fact Saint's shotgun, the Perfect Paradox. Following a unique frequency attuned to the weapon, the Guardian is able to use the Sundial to travel through the Corridors of Time to try and find Saint before he is killed by the Vex. Instead, the Guardian arrives to find Saint in his first off-world mission, fighting Fallen on Mercury, centuries before the events of the first game. After the Fallen are defeated, the Guardian shows Saint a vision of the Last City in order to inspire him to be the hero he would become in the future, and gives him the Perfect Paradox, resulting in a bootstrap paradox: the weapon had actually been crafted by the Guardian themselves at the Infinite Forge on Mercury (played out in a side story in Curse of Osiris), so that they could deliver it to Saint in the past. After the Guardian activates further obelisks on Mars, Earth, and Nessus, Osiris receives a distress signal from Saint's Ghost inside the Vex network, and sends the Guardian to Nessus to enter the network and find it. Upon recovering the dead Ghost and recharging the Sundial, the Guardian again uses it to travel through the Corridors of Time, managing to arrive at the proper moment. Saint's Light has already been drained by Agioktis, Martyr Mind, who was originally responsible for the Titan's death. The Martyr Mind traps Saint in a Vex loop as it fights the Guardian; after a pitched battle, the Guardian manages to weaken it before it traps the Guardian, which releases Saint from his own trap to deliver the final blow. His survival now assured with the death of Agioktis, Saint asks the Guardian to open a gate for him in their own time, while he spends the years in between smashing through the Vex in the Infinite Forest. Returning to their present, the Guardian opens the gateway from the Forest, allowing Saint to return to reality, without alerting the past. Grateful that the Guardian was able to do what he could not, Osiris remarks that the world that Saint knew has changed dramatically, and asks the Guardian to guide him. Saint eventually returns to the Tower, where he and the Guardian build the Tower Obelisk (connecting to the obelisk network) to guide "those who are lost" to the city, and to memorialize the lost colonists of the Golden Age.

Paragraph 30: He was educated at Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand, and at Auckland Teachers College.  He subsequently worked as a teacher in Fiji, before going into the civil service where he served from 1972 to 1980 in a number of government departments.  He was also a member of the Council of the University of the South Pacific in Suva from 1974 to 1980.  He was Fiji's Ambassador to the United States and the United Nations from 1980 to 1983, when he became a project administrator of the Pacific Islands Development Program in Honolulu, Hawaii, where he remained till 1986.