Paragraph 1: After the Flyers traded away Jeff Carter and Mike Richards in the 2011 off-season, Giroux took over the role as first line centre for the club. The trading of Richards and Carter also made him the second-longest tenured member of the Flyers. Giroux formed a new top line with Scott Hartnell and free agent acquisition Jaromír Jágr. Giroux led the League in point-scoring for much of the season, and was considered a favourite for the Hart Memorial Trophy for League MVP at the season's All-Star break. He finished the season, however, 16 points behind eventual Hart Trophy winner Evgeni Malkin. On April 13, 2012, Giroux recorded his first career hat trick during game two of the first round of the 2012 playoffs against Pittsburgh. He recorded six points during that same game, earning a Flyers record for most points during a single Stanley Cup playoff game. On May 7, 2012, Giroux received a one-game suspension for a hit to the head of New Jersey Devils forward Dainius Zubrus during Game 4 of the Eastern Conference Semi-finals. After the Flyers were eliminated by the Devils, Giroux ended the season as both the Flyers' top regular season point-scorer (93 points) and top playoff point scorer (17 points). After the Flyers' elimination, Giroux had surgery on both of his wrists; the right to repair torn cartilage, and the left to remove bone spurs. He later claimed that Sidney Crosby had repeatedly slashed his wrists during face-offs in the first round series against Pittsburgh. At the time news of the surgery was revealed, Giroux was still the playoffs' leading point scorer, even though his team had been eliminated two weeks earlier. On June 20, 2012, Giroux was named the cover athlete for NHL 13 at the NHL awards in Las Vegas; he became the first Philadelphia Flyer on an EA Sports NHL video game cover since Eric Lindros on NHL 99.

Paragraph 2: This part of the Guinea coast was made known by the Portuguese voyagers of the 15th century. In consequence, largely, of the dangers attending its navigation, it was not visited by the European traders of the 16th-18th centuries so frequently as other regions north and east, but in the Rio Pongo, at Matakong (a diminutive island near the mouth of the Forekaria), and elsewhere, slave traders established themselves, and ruins of the strongholds they built and defended with cannon, still exist (e.g., Fortin de Boké). When driven from other parts of Guinea the slavers made this difficult and little known coast one of their last resorts, and many barracoons were built in the late years of the 18th century. It was not until after the restoration of Goree to her at the close of the Napoleonic wars that France evinced any marked interest in the region.  At that time the British, from their bases at the Gambia and Sierra Leone, were devoting considerable attention to these Rivières du Sud (i.e, south of Senegal) and also to the Futa Jallon. René Caillié, who started his journey to Timbuktu in 1827, did much to quicken French interest in the district, and from 1838 onward French naval officers, Bouèt-Willaumez and his successors, made detailed studies of the coast.

Paragraph 3: Peay was commissioned as a second lieutenant of Field Artillery in 1962. His initial troop assignments were in Germany and Fort Carson, Colorado. From December 1964 to September 1966, he served as aide-de-camp to the Commanding General, 5th Infantry Division. He went on to serve in other assignments, including two tours in the Republic of Vietnam. In his first tour, from May 1967 to July 1968, he commanded both Headquarters Company, I Field Force, Vietnam, and a firing battery (Battery B, 4th Battalion, 42nd Field Artillery Regiment) with the 4th Infantry Division in the Central Highlands. During his second tour from August 1971 to June 1972, he served as the assistant operations officer for the 3d Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, and as operations officer for the same division's 1st Battalion, 21st Artillery Regiment.

Paragraph 4: Hank Aaron led off the second inning with a triple, then made it safe at home on Joe Adcock's single. The Yankees responded with one of their own in the bottom half of the second. Again in the third inning, the Yankees and Braves each scored one run, leaving the score 2–2 heading to the fourth inning. Both managers were worried about their starting pitchers, and after three straight singles from Adcock, Andy Pafko, and Wes Covington and with two runs in, Yankees manager Casey Stengel replaced Bobby Shantz with reliever Art Ditmar. Ditmar had finished the regular season with an 8–3 record, a 3.25 ERA and six saves.

Paragraph 5: The trade winds in the low-latitudes of both Earth's northern and southern hemispheres converge air towards the equator, producing a belt of low atmospheric pressure exhibiting abundant storms and heavy rainfall known as the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ). This equatorward movement of air near the Earth's surface constitutes the lower branch of the Hadley cell. The position of the ITCZ is influenced by the warmth of sea surface temperatures (SST) near the equator and the strength of cross-equatorial pressure gradients. In general, the ITCZ is located near the equator or is offset towards the summer hemisphere where the warmest SSTs are located. On an annual average, the rising branch of the Hadley circulation is slightly offset towards the Northern Hemisphere, away from the equator. Due to the Coriolis force, the trade winds deflect opposite the direction of Earth's rotation, blowing partially westward rather than directly equatorward in both hemispheres. The lower branch accrues moisture resulting from evaporation across Earth's tropical oceans. A warmer environment and converging winds force the moistened air to ascend near the equator, resulting in the rising branch of the Hadley cell. The upward motion is further enhanced by the release of latent heat as the uplift of moist air results in an equatorial band of condensation and precipitation. The Hadley circulation's upward branch largely occurs in thunderstorms occupying only around one percent of the surface area of the tropics. The transport of heat in the Hadley circulation's ascending branch is accomplished most efficiently by hot towerscumulonimbus clouds bearing strong updrafts that do not mix in drier air commonly found in the middle troposphere and thus allow the movement of air from the highly moist tropical lower troposphere into the upper troposphere. Approximately 1,500–5,000 hot towers daily near the ITCZ region are required to sustain the vertical heat transport exhibited by the Hadley circulation. 

Paragraph 6: Marjorie Sweeting has been a prominent British geomorphologist and professor as she has an excellent understanding of geomorphology. She was constantly willing to discuss new concepts and ideas that later went on to improve geological understandings of limestone landscapes. An integral aspect of geology is thorough and focused analysis of the tangible world. It is the deliberate observation of the paleozoic, mesozoic, and cenozoic layers in earth’s crust that reveal the historical happenings on the planet which can then be correlated to construct an adequate story. Marjorie Sweeting professionalised in exactly this as her passion attracted and drew her to topographic and geophysical research. She released geological literature on certain areas that had not been analysed in depth or using this earth science, for example the karst areas of China. The quote from her book, “Karst in China,” showcases how she utilised the aforementioned concepts to the Karst phenomena, “China plain, carbonate rocks from the Proterozoic-Mid-Ordivician are buried by thousands of metres Cenozoic strata. In covered karst, the karst features in the soluble rocks are covered by unconsolidated or loess sediments.” Her application of integral geological principles to Chinese landscapes is evident and paved the way for her success. Her research was new, thorough, and very well explained. Sweeting specialised and was greatly interested in the karst phenomena which was briefly hinted in the quotation from her book. This concept explains and observes a topographic state which has come in contact with an abundant water source such as rain, tsunami, flood, river flow and more. The bedrock of such an area has faulting and other intrusions caused by various events of the past. This is justified and understood using the principle Nicholas Steno developed, cross-cutting relationships. Essentially, the water meanders and is absorbed into the cracks of said bedrocks resulting in a topography heavily formed as a direct result of dissolving water underground. In her incredibly detailed and well-written book, “Karst in China,” she meticulously described why this phenomena is accurately applicable to China, “Because China is part of the large mass of Asia, it is drained by some of the greatest rivers in the world . . . their tributaries, bring down enormous volumes of water and have been able to cut deep canyons into the karstic terrain.” She had such a magnetic interest in this phenomena that she simply did not want to be geographically apart and thus moved to China so she could advance her research in her later days

Paragraph 7: Per U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulations, Romano cheese can be made from cow, goat, and/or sheep's milk. It must contain less than 34% water and at least 38% milkfat. Cream, skim milk and/or dry milk and water can be added or removed to create the correct level of milkfat. Milk can be bleached with benzoyl peroxide or a mixture of benzoyl peroxide with potassium alum, calcium sulfate, and magnesium carbonate but, in that case, vitamin A must be added after treatment. Safe artificial blue or green coloring may be added only to counter any yellow coloring of the milk. Rennet does not need to be used and any "suitable milk-clotting enzyme that produces equivalent curd formation" may be used. Curd must be broken up to the size of corn kernels, stirred and heated to . The curd is drained, pressed into forms and the cheese is then soaked in brine for 24 hours. After brining, it is rubbed with salt and washed several times. Next it is dry-cured. It is occasionally turned and scraped, and may be coated with vegetable oil. Romano must be aged at least five months.

Paragraph 8: The partisan group was fairly active in the Brzozów area of operations for the Home Army. The staff would meet in the home of M. and H. Klepacki since the location was off to the side of the village. The group was involved in a number of armed actions as well as sabotage acts that were directed at the occupying German forces. One of the first sabotage acts occurred in the time period from June 23 to October 30, 1942, when the group dropped massive amounts of blacksmith nails on the roads between Targowiska- Jasienica Rosielna, Rymanów - Besko, as well as Trześniów - Wróblik Szlachecki. The nails were made by Jan Rozenbajger, who was a member of the partisan group as well as a blacksmith. These nails were then distributed to Jan Rysz and Andrzej Szopiak (both from Jabłonica) who would spread the nails on the designated routes. The following operation was for the group to excavate and remove ammunition and grenades that were left behind by the retreating Polish Army in 1939 in the garden of the Jasionów manor house. After gathering information from the countess Doszotów, the group decided to go ahead with the operation. In the operation that occurred during the end of October in 1943, ten partisans under the command of Lt. Nowak as well as six partisans from the Home Army group from Domaradz conducted the operation. Since there were German soldiers quartered in the manor house, the partisans split up their force into three groups - group one would provide cover for the manor house, the second group would cover the nearby roads from Brzozów to Jasionów, and the third group would retrieve the ammunition and grenades as well as load them onto horse-drawn carts that would take the items away. All of the partisans were armed in case of the expected clash between the Germans and the partisans, however the entire operation went without incident and the partisans retrieved a few boxes of grenades as well as ammunition. These items were taken to Zmiennica where they were inspected and finally preserved for future use. Half of the grenades went to the partisans in Haczów while the other half went to the group in Domaradz. The next operation occurred on June 18, 1944, which was to remove grain from a German mill located in Haczów. The operation was commanded by the assistant commander of the partisan force, Stanisław Szuber, while the group that was to provide cover was under Lt. Nowak who was located  away from the mill in Wróblik. Twenty partisans were involved in the operation and during the early morning hours of June 19, 1944; the operation was completed and a total of 40 tons were taken from the German mill which was later redistributed among the poorest people in the Brzozów County.

Paragraph 9: Freight trains initially operated out of Lumsden and ran five days a week until 1956. Services were re-organised to operate from Gore in 1959 and operated thrice-weekly.  In 1930 and 1952, the line was not considered to be a branch and thus was not assessed in the branch line commissions of those two years, but in 1967, it was announced that its future was under review.  The district negotiated a reprieve for three years, promising extra traffic, and DJ class diesel locomotives replaced steam locomotives on the line in January 1969, but less than 24,000 tonnes were carried annually and through trains ceased running in October 1970, replaced with two shunting services, one from Gore to Riversdale and the other from Lumsden to Kingston Crossing, leaving a 9 km gap of line unused, although the tracks were still in place and closure of most of the line came on 1 April 1971. A number of excursion trains ran on the line in its final weeks. Demolition of the line from Balfour back to Gore began in the later part of 1971. Although there were proposals to retain the line from Gore to Mandeville as an industrial siding to serve a proposed freezing works in the area, this proposal never eventuated and the line was lifted from Balfour all the way back to Gore. The last 2 km section of line from the junction points at Gore to the Gore Gravel and Crushing Company's plant was retained as an industrial siding until it too was closed on 1 October 1972. The 16 kilometres from Lumsden to a silo at Balfour remained open for the transport of wheat, but the quantity was not enough to justify the continued existence even of the truncated portion of the line, and it closed on 15 January 1978.

Paragraph 10: The life of Stojan Aralica can be followed through his studies in Munich (1909–1914), a brief stay in  Prague, advanced studies in École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris, then period in Zagreb and his final move to Belgrade in 1941. He remained in Belgrade for the rest of his life, with the exception of his stay in Stockholm from 1946 to 1948. In the same way, as we can differentiate between the stages of his life, we can distinguish four clearly distinct periods in his painting opus: the Munich, Prague, Paris, Zagreb, and Belgrade periods. During his education in Munich portraits and nudes prevailed thematically, and were in a form close to academism and the late echoes of the Secession. The brief domination of form over color (1922–1925) was replaced by a period of artistic maturing, beginning with his arrival in Paris (1926). Joining the active local artistic mainstream, he turned away from the decorative and towards pursuing a purely visual interest. His formerly emphasized full-volume form was slowly disintegrating into colored surfaces. This significant turning point began with small nudes and still lifes painted in the studio of André Lhote, and the coloristic organization of his paintings was developed on the landscapes around the countryside Malakoff, Casisse and especially St. Tropez. The necessary refinement ended in the next, the Zagreb period (1933–1941) when Aralica rejoined the current trends in his home country. His technique, which was close to that of fauvists, is particularly prominent in his seaside landscapes from Dubrovnik, Orebić, Korčula. Finally, the Belgrade period, especially between 1951 and 1959, can be considered as his creative zenith. By painting lyrical atmospheres with broad and layered impastos on a series of landscapes from Rovinj, Belgrade and more often Lika, he departed from the confines of intimistic painting, only to develop it to a monumental whole of universal significance. Although Aralica's work was always in touch with current trends of European art, in a narrower sense it still belonged to the same climes as that of domestic coloristic painters, whose art drew its strength and inspiration from their own, native soil. He contributed to the further development of contemporary art in the second half of the twentieth century with a series of significant works painted in the years after World War II.

Paragraph 11:  Neal McDonough appears again as Damien Darhk in Legends of Tomorrow. In season one, he is a minor antagonist. He attends a weapons auction held by Vandal Savage in the 1970s. Damien returns in season two as a recurring character, one of the two secondary antagonists alongside Merlyn, and a member of the Legion of Doom. He also serves as an archenemy to Sara Lance, Laurel's sister and the Legends' leader. Although initially hesitant to work with Eobard Thawne / Reverse-Flash, he quickly joins forces upon learning of his future death and the failure of his plans from Sara. Together with Eobard, his future/former accomplice and the rest of the Legion of Doom, he works to find the fabled Spear of Destiny to change his fate. After they succeed, Damien makes himself mayor of Star City and regains his magical artifact. However, the Legends manage to travel back in time to stop the Legion's success. Eobard also travels back in time to warn the past Legion, so Damien sets out with the Legion to stop the Legends in a final battle. Using swords and a futuristic gun courtesy of Eobard, Damien eventually kills the future counterpart of Citizen Steel before engaging in hand-to-hand combat with Sara. Sara manages to overpower and knock him out. After the Legion is defeated, the Legends return each member of the Legion to their respective place in the timeline and wipe their memories of time travel, so Damien ends up dying in 2016 as before. In season three, Damien is the secondary antagonist. He is resurrected from his death by his time-displaced daughter Nora Darhk with his memories restored and resumes his feud with Sara, the Legends and their allies. He later encounters Gorilla Grodd upon saving him from the napalm bombing during the Vietnam War and claims to have time traveling technology that will let Grodd travel through time at will. It is revealed that his alliance with Mallus is intended to ensure Mallus' release from his prison dimension by causing temporal aberrations that will weaken it, but this effort is complicated when tension arises between Damien and his daughter over their differing approaches to their relationship. Damien, after being convinced by Steel and the Atom that his daughter will cease to exist if Mallus is set free, decides to help the Legends stop Mallus from taking Nora's body, but ends up taking Nora's place and is killed by Mallus in the season three finale. In season five, Astra Logue grants Damien a second chance at life. He was supposed to cause misery, but instead went to go see Nora. She had to hide the fact of her current status by stating that Constantine is her boyfriend and that Sara and Ava are now her henchmen. Everything unraveled when the ring that Ray bought was placed in a chocolate mousse. Nora's latest charge wishes them all into an episode of Mr. Parker's Cul-De-Sac (a parody of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood) where they all worked out their issues in the most unlikeliest of ways. Afterwards, Damien allows Nora to marry Ray. After talking to Sara what Astra wanted him to do, Damien briefly borrowed the Hellsword previously used by Genghis Khan and stabbed himself.

Paragraph 12: AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine stated that the success of singles such as "The Sign" was attributed to "relentless" beats and an "incessantly catchy" hook. Howard Cohen from Herald-Journal noted that it is flavoured with "faux reggae rhythms". Chuck Campbell from Scripps Howard News Service claimed that "The Sign" "could be a bigger hit" than "All That She Wants", due to its "infectious Europop energy and cosmic synths set to a reggae beat". Writing for the Dance Update column of Music Week, James Hamilton described it as a "US smash typical 96.7bpm cod-reggae jogger". Jim Farber from New York Daily News compared the song's "dinky synths, impish dance beats and miniaturized vocals" to musicians from the 1980s such as A Flock of Seagulls and Falco. Neil Strauss from The New York Times wrote that Ace of Base used "a deceptively mystical hook over a minimal bass line" to create the song. A reviewer from People acknowledged that tunes like "The Sign" "prove Ace of Base to be more substantive than a mere ABBA clone." Press-Telegram stated that it is "packed with unforgettable hooks". The Rolling Stone Album Guide compared "The Sign" to Gloria Gaynor's 1978 song "I Will Survive", writing that it was "the wisest, catchiest, most triumphant kiss-off". 

Paragraph 13: DeLonge would reunite with Blink-182 near the end of 2008. At this time, Barker had recently survived a private plane crash, in which four others were killed. DeLonge's realization of Barker's near death incident was the catalyst for DeLonge desire to be included in the band's reformation. DeLonge found out via the TV news at an airport while waiting to board a flight; within minutes, he was crying in his seat. "I thought he was going to die", says DeLonge, who quickly reached out to his former bandmate, mailing him a letter and photograph. "Instantly after the plane crash, I was like, 'Hey, I want to play music with him again'". DeLonge was the first to approach the subject of reuniting, and Blink-182 announced their reunion, a new album, and a reunion tour in February 2009 at the 51st Annual Grammy Awards. Blink-182 embarked on a reunion tour of North America from July to October 2009, supported by Weezer and Fall Out Boy. The tour was successful, selling out amphitheaters nationwide: "I was completely blown away and dumbfounded by how big that reunion tour was. [...] We were very fortunate, very blessed", DeLonge later said. "And truthfully, that's why we continued, because we were so blown away. We were like, "Wow, we got to suck this up and start acting like adults because this is beautiful'".

Paragraph 14: Hashim Ridha was a natural goalscorer, deadly around the six-yard box. He started his career at Karbala FC. He started his football career joining the Karbala junior team in 1993. In 1998, he earned a move to Al-Shorta. There he finished as joint top scorer of the 1998/99 season, scoring 19 goals and winning both the best striker and best young player awards. He also scored 14 goals in the 1998/99 Iraq FA Cup, which is the record for the most goals that a player has scored in a single Iraq FA Cup tournament. He was part of the Iraqi Olympic team that failed to qualify for the 2000 Olympic games in Sydney, after losing 5-0 to Jordan, a few days after beating the same team 4-2. After his Olympic disappointments, Hashim was given his first call up to the national team by Najih Humoud during the International Friendly Tournament in 1999, he also was called up by Milan Zivadinovic into the 2000 Asian Cup squad but was one of the players that missed out of a place in Lebanon. In the 2001/02 season, after loan spells at Al-Zawraa and Al-Talaba, he bagged a mighty 32 goals for Al-Shorta and finished as top scorer of the Iraqi Premier League for the second time in his career. He helped Al-Shorta to win three Umm Al Maarek Cup (Mother of All Battles Cup)'s in a row but a recurring injury kept keeping him out of games. He then moved to a professional club, Qatari club Al-Shamal in the 2002/03 season. He scored seven goals for them in that season, the third highest amount in the league. He was one of the best players in the 2004 Algomhuria International Cup when he returned to Al-Shorta and Al-Shorta finished 4th in the tournament. He left the club on 2006 to join his hometown club Karbala FC where he scored three goals in the 2006/07 season. He returned to Al-Shorta in 2007/08, scoring three more goals for the club, and then moved back to Karbala in 2009. He scored six goals for Karbalaa in the 2009/10 season and then moved back to Al-Shorta for the 2010/11 season in which he was the captain of his club. He scored one goal in that season against Ramadi FC and then made his last career move, returning to play for Karbala for the fourth time in his career. After adding another two goals to his long list of career goals in the 2011/12 season, Hashim decided to retire at the age of 34 and as one of the deadliest Iraqi strikers of all-time, and he is one of Al Shorta's most legendary players. He had a retirement ceremony at Al Shaab Stadium before Al Shorta took on Al Zawraa (two of his former clubs) in a league match on 31 August 2013.

Paragraph 15: InfoWorld in 1984 called One on One "perhaps the most talked-about sports game of the new year". The magazine praised its portrayal of the two players' individual styles, backboard shattering, crowd noise, and instant replay, concluded that "One On One delivers the goods: a realistic simulation of a lively sports matchup". Computer Gaming World in 1984 called One on One "incredibly realistic" and predicted that it would be one of the year's best sports games. The magazine cited the "absolutely fantastic" graphics, simple controls, and the instant replay as positives, only criticizing the lack of clarity of ball possession under the basket and lack of overtime. ST.Game stated "This is the sports game of 1984", noting the realistic feel of the two players' playing styles. While noting the inability to stop dribbling to fake out the other player, the magazine concluded that "Highly addictive, thrilling, sometimes frustrating, and always involving are ways to describe One-on-One. It's a winner". Ahoy! in 1986 called the Commodore 64 version "a must-have", praising its graphics and gameplay. Compute! in 1986 approved of the Amiga version's improved graphics and sound but noted that the gameplay was the same as on 8-bit computers, stating that this was "a testament to careful research and clever programming" of the original version.

Paragraph 16: Lloyd's Coffee House was the first marine insurance market. It became the meeting place for parties in the shipping industry wishing to insure cargoes and ships, and those willing to underwrite such ventures. These informal beginnings led to the establishment of the insurance market Lloyd's of London and several related shipping and insurance businesses. The participating members of the insurance arrangement eventually formed a committee and moved to the Royal Exchange on Cornhill as the Society of Lloyd's. The establishment of insurance companies, a developing infrastructure of specialists (such as shipbrokers, admiralty lawyers, bankers, surveyors, loss adjusters, general average adjusters, et al.), and the growth of the British Empire gave English law a prominence in this area which it largely maintains and forms the basis of almost all modern practice. Lord Mansfield, Lord Chief Justice in the mid-eighteenth century, began the merging of law merchant and common law principles. The growth of the London insurance market led to the standardization of policies and judicial precedent further developed marine insurance law. In 1906 the Marine Insurance Act codified the previous common law; it is both an extremely thorough and concise piece of work. Although the title of the Act refers to marine insurance, the general principles have been applied to all non-life insurance. In the 19th century, Lloyd's and the Institute of London Underwriters (a grouping of London company insurers) developed between them standardized clauses for the use of marine insurance, and these have been maintained since. These are known as the Institute Clauses because the Institute covered the cost of their publication. Out of marine insurance, grew non-marine insurance and reinsurance. Marine insurance traditionally formed the majority of business underwritten at Lloyd's. Nowadays, Marine insurance is often grouped with Aviation and Transit (cargo) risks, and in this form is known by the acronym 'MAT'.

Paragraph 17: The police dashcam video shows that 40 seconds elapsed between when Yanez first started talking to Castile through the car window and when Yanez began shooting at him. According to the dashcam, after Yanez asked for Castile's driver's license and proof of insurance, Castile gave him his proof of insurance card, which Yanez appeared to glance at and tuck in his outer pocket. Castile then calmly informed Yanez, "Sir, I have to tell you that I do have a firearm on me." Quoting the Star Tribune description of the next 13 seconds of the video: Before Castile completed the sentence, Yanez interrupted and calmly replied, "OK," and placed his right hand on the holster of his own holstered weapon. Yanez said, "Okay, don't reach for it, then ... don't pull it out." Castile responded, "I'm not pulling it out," and Reynolds also said, "He's not pulling it out." Yanez repeated, raising his voice, "Don't pull it out!" as he quickly pulled his own gun with his right hand and reached inside the driver's window with his left hand. Reynolds screamed, "No!" Yanez removed his left arm from the car and fired seven shots in the direction of Castile in rapid succession. Reynolds yelled, "You just killed my boyfriend!" Castile moaned and said, "I wasn't reaching for it." Reynolds loudly said, "He wasn't reaching for it." Before she completed her sentence, Yanez again screamed, "Don't pull it out!" Reynolds responded, "He wasn't." Yanez yelled, "Don't move! Fuck!" Of the seven shots fired by Yanez at point blank range, five hit Castile and two of those pierced his heart. Events immediately after the shooting were streamed live in a 10-minute video by Reynolds via Facebook. The recording appears to begin seconds after Castile was shot, just after 9:00 p.m. CDT. The video depicts Castile slumped over, moaning and moving slightly, with a bloodied left arm and side. In the video, Reynolds is speaking with Yanez and explaining what happened. Reynolds stated on the video that Yanez "asked him for license and registration. He told him that it was in his wallet, but he had a pistol on him because he's licensed to carry." Castile did have a license to carry a gun. Reynolds further narrated that the officer said, "Don't move" and as Castile was putting his hands back up, the officer shot him in the arm four or five times. Reynolds told the officer, "You shot four bullets into him, sir. He was just getting his license and registration, sir." Reynolds also said "Please don't tell me he's dead", while Yanez exclaimed: "I told him not to reach for it! I told him to get his hand open!"

Paragraph 18: Despite a lack of attention to Malet, it is known that she wrote at least 17 novels, two books of short fiction, many short stories, literary essays, and poems. She also finished at least one of her father's novels. Talia Schaffer notes that her "literary ideologies were shaped by writers ranging from George Eliot to Zola." Her father, niece and cousin were all writers as well, but today Malet remains the least studied of the Kingsley writers: her "authorial persona emerges as a way to escape her biographical situation." Malet's first novel was Mrs. Lorimer, a Sketch in Black and White, (1882) while her first critical success was Colonel Enderby's Wife (1885). The Wages of Sin, generally regarded as one of Malet's most important novels, was published in 1891: the novel is believed by some critics to have been a major influence on Thomas Hardy's Jude the Obscure. The late nineteenth century English author George Gissing thought it 'a wooden book, without a living character or touching scene. The dialogue preposterous. So much for popular success'. On the other hand, he described her 1888 novel A Counsel of Perfection as 'not bad'. Henry James was both an admirer of Malet's writing and eventually a close personal friend. Malet's The Gateless Barrier (1900) is a novel-length ghost story – an example of how, where her early novels were genteel Victorian romances, by the 1890s Malet was using the ideas of the aesthetic movement to explore more transgressive themes, such as adultery and sadism.

Paragraph 19: After full-scale war between Japan and China broke out in 1937 Stewart was continued to spend much of her time at Chinese ports and was stationed at Tsingtao and Shanghai from 15 August to 17 October 1937. On 1 October, Stewart was at Shanghai when Chinese aircraft carried out several air raids against Japanese ships and troops, with several bombs dropped near Stewart. After a mail run to Yokohama, Japan between 17 and 30 October, she returned to Chinese waters, leaving Shanghai on 18 December carrying newreel footage of the Japanese sinking of the American gunboat . Stewart was again stationed at Chinese ports from 21 February to 21 March 1938. On 30 July 1938, Stewart and the destroyers Pope and  left Manila to search for the missing Pan American Airways flying boat Hawaii Clipper with the search continuing unsuccessfully until 6 August. Stewart returned to Chinese waters from 3 June to 4 September 1939. On the latter date, after the outbreak of war in Europe, she was ordered south for patrol duties in the Philippines, which she continued until entering the Cavite Navy Yard for overhaul on 5 April 1940. Upon leaving the yard on 1 June, Stewart acted as plane guard vessel for seaplanes flying between Guam and the Philippines and then made a final tour of Chinese Yellow Sea ports from 7 July to 23 September 1940. During 1941, she remained in the Philippines as the international situation worsened, carrying out patrols in Manila Bay and the southern Philippines.

Paragraph 20: Robson gave Webb his full international début, against West Germany on 9 September 1987 at the age of 24, becoming the 1,000th player to be capped by England. His first goal came against Turkey on 14 October that year, in an 8–0 victory at Wembley in a Euro 88 qualifier. He appeared in two of England's group games at Euro 88 (which all ended in defeat), but his next international appearance – against Denmark in a friendly on 14 September 1988 – he scored the only goal in the game at Wembley. On 3 June 1989, he scored the third international goal of his career with a 3–0 World Cup qualifier victory over Poland, again at Wembley. On 24 April 1990 Webb made his first appearance with the England B team, playing in the 2–0 win over the Czechoslovakia B team at Roker Park. Despite missing the bulk of the 1989–90 season at Manchester United with injury, he was included in England's 1990 World Cup squad and made his solitary appearance of the competition in the third place playoff defeat by Italy. Before the year was out he would become the first player to be sent off whilst on England duty in three years when he saw red for the England B team in a match against the full Algeria team. On 12 May 1992, he scored what would be his final goal for England in a 1–0 friendly win over Hungary in Budapest. He would make four more international appearances for England, the last coming on 17 June 1992 when England lost 2–1 to hosts Sweden in their final Euro 92 group game. Webb was capped 26 times in five years for the England team, and scored 4 goals.

Paragraph 21: The Royal Alexandra Hospital for Sick Children, "an important part of Brighton life and a well known local landmark", was officially opened on 21 July 1881 and was used until 22 June 2007, when a new children's hospital opened on the Royal Sussex County Hospital campus elsewhere in the city. Designed by Thomas Lainson, it was a three-storey Queen Anne-style building of red brick with terracotta dressings and mouldings, enlivened by Dutch gables, cupolas and a moulded cartouche. Extensions included a colonnade of balconies (later enclosed) by the Clayton & Black firm in 1906 and a Vernacular-style recessed wing of two storeys in 1927–28, partly tile-hung and with timber decoration to the gables. The first mention of its potential closure came in 2001, when the Government allocated £28 million towards new facilities at the Royal Sussex County Hospital on Eastern Road in Kemptown. By 2004, it seemed likely that the building would be demolished and the site redeveloped with luxury flats. Montpelier residents were unsuccessful in their attempt to get the former hospital listed by English Heritage, who stated that Lainson's original design had been altered so much that much of its character had been lost. Taylor Wimpey, a housebuilding company, bought the hospital in December 2006, but their proposals to clear the site and build a combined residential development and GP surgery were refused twice by the city council, in 2007 and 2008. In 2009 Taylor Wimpey appealed against the latest refusal to grant planning permission for 149 flats and a four-day public inquiry was held at Brighton Town Hall in May 2009. The local conservation group, the Montpelier and Clifton Hill Association, led the opposition to Taylor Wimpey's plans to demolish the hospital. The planning inspector, John Papworth, turned down Taylor Wimpey's appeal, praising the architectural quality of Thomas Lainson's main building. "I consider that the main block and particularly its southern façade and the southern end of the Dyke Road frontage contribute positively to the character and appearance of the conservation area,” said Papworth. In 2010 Taylor Wimpey abandoned its plans to clear the site and put forward a compromise plan, which kept the main Lainson building but demolished the later ancillary buildings on the site. This plan, which was supported by the Montpelier and Clifton Hill Association was approved by the council in 2011. Flats on the site went on sale (marketed as Royal Alexandra Quarter) in 2012. The iconic main hospital building, to be called the Lainson building, is currently being restored and converted to provide 20 flats.

Paragraph 22: The lieutenant governor of Saskatchewan () is the viceregal representative in Saskatchewan of the , who operates distinctly within the province but is also shared equally with the ten other jurisdictions of Canada, as well as the other Commonwealth realms and any subdivisions thereof, and resides predominantly in  oldest realm, the United Kingdom. The lieutenant governor of Saskatchewan is appointed in the same manner as the other provincial viceroys in Canada and is similarly tasked with carrying out most of the monarch's constitutional and ceremonial duties. The current lieutenant governor is Russell Mirasty, who was appointed on July 17, 2019, following the death in office of Lieutenant Governor W. Thomas Molloy, on July 2, 2019.

Paragraph 23: The Westmeath hurlers experienced a successful period in the mid 1930s, when they won the Leinster League twice in succession, the Junior Championship in 1936, and beat Laois to qualify for the 1937 Leinster Senior final. Rickardstown's John 'Jobber' McGrath, who played for the county in the 1950s and 1960s, is regarded as Westmeath's greatest hurler, and as one of the greatest players never to have won an All-Ireland senior hurling title. Westmeath played in the first division of the National Hurling League in 1985–86, and were the only team to beat Galway in an 18-month period. This team included the three Kilcoyne brothers and produced an All Star award for David, who was the team's free taker and top scorer in 1986. The first All Star award for any Westmeath player in hurling or football. In 2005, the county won the first Christy Ring Cup and thereby gained promotion to the 2006 Liam MacCarthy Championship. In 2006, they beat Dublin in the first round of the Leinster Senior Hurling Championship before losing the semi final to Kilkenny in Mullingar by 14 points. They then lost to Waterford, Galway and, disappointingly, Laois before tamely losing a relegation playoff against Dublin on a scorching July day in Tullamore. Despite progress made in 2006, the GAA condemned the county's hurlers to the Christy Ring Cup - this time without the prospect of promotion. Further rule changes and a Christy Ring win in 2010 allowed Westmeath back into the 2011 Liam MacCarthy. Further progress came on 20 April 2008 with victory in the NHL (Division 2), winning the final against Carlow. That day also saw their footballing counterparts move into Division 1 of the NFL also, with a win over Dublin. In 2015, the Westmeath minor hurlers surprised heavy favourites Wexford by two points in the Leinster quarter-final, the win has been regarded by the manager as the 'biggest result in history of Westmeath hurling'. The senior hurlers beat Carlow by two points in the Leinster Qualifier group and extended their winning run beating favourites, Antrim 1–21 to 0–7. A famous victory over near rivals Offaly was achieved in May 2016 in the Leinster Championship. Westmeath led by some distance for the entire game before winning 2–21 to 1–10.

Paragraph 24: Sergei Grinkov was born in Moscow to Anna Filipovna Grinkova and Mikhail Kondrateyevich Grinkov and had an older sister, Natalia Mikailovna Grinkova. He married Ekaterina Gordeeva in April 1991. They had two ceremonies because the USSR did not recognize religious ceremonies.  The legal, official state-approved wedding was on 20 April, and a religious wedding in the Russian Orthodox Church took place on 28 April. On 11 September 1992, Gordeeva gave birth to their daughter, Daria "Dasha" Sergeyevna Grinkova, in Morristown, New Jersey. After the 1994 Olympics, they settled in Simsbury, Connecticut. Daria took up skating seriously at age 9, appearing with her mother in several skating shows from 2003–2007 but quit competitive skating to pursue other interests in 2007. However, Daria still skates with her mother in amateur ranks.

Paragraph 25: For the final session, the track was cooling down and German Nico Rosberg was told to think about that in his warm up lap. He was the first to set a timed lap early on with six minutes remaining in the session. The top speed of his car down the long back straight was only 314 km/h as he hit the 7th gear rev-limiter meaning that Mercedes cars didn't have the highest top speed but rather made up time through a better acceleration through the f-duct system as he was one of the quickest past the start/finish line speed trap. Rosberg posted a 1:35.121 which was by far the fastest time of the weekend so far. Teammate Michael Schumacher was half a second slower than Rosberg, as was Hamilton, further highlighting how good Rosberg's lap was. Schumacher on his radio was told Rosberg's lap time and in reply said "not bad". After seeing Webber more than a second off his fastest lap time, Rosberg got out of his car with just under two minutes still left in the session. After confidently leaving his Mercedes, Rosberg watched everyone else fall short of his time and claimed his first pole position of his 111-race career. Following him was Hamilton half a second off (who lined up 7th on the grid after a gearbox change incurred a 5 place grid penalty) and teammate Schumacher in 3rd. Kamui Kobayashi qualified 4th fastest in his best ever qualifying result of his Formula One career to date. His previous best qualifying result was 7th in his home race at the 2011 Japanese Grand Prix. Räikkönen, like in Malaysia, posted the 5th quickest time while Button was more than a second from Rosberg's time in 6th. Webber, in the Red Bull, was 7th while Pérez, in the second Sauber, was an impressive 8th with - like his teammate -  his best ever qualifying result in his Formula One career to date. His previous best was a 9th in the 2011 Belgian Grand Prix. Alonso, like Räikkönen, was in the same position as the Malaysia qualifying session and lined up on the grid in 9th, while Grojean in the second Lotus didn't complete a timed lap and hence was 10th. In another milestone, it was the first time that both Saubers had qualified in the top 10 since the 2009 season when team were known as BMW Sauber.

Paragraph 26: Mullan was delayed in beginning work, as the Fort Colville Gold Rush (also known as the Idaho Gold Rush) and the Clearwater Gold Rush made it difficult and expensive to find men and animals. Mullan had proposed (in August 1860) to begin work on April 1, but his late arrival in Washington Territory prevented that. Mullan later proposed departing on May 5, but he did not leave Fort Walla Walla until May 13. Mullan set out with a civilian work crew of 60, with 21 soldiers of the 9th Infantry Regiment as a guard. Another 39 soldiers of the 9th Infantry led and guarded the supply train. Due to the risk of Indian attack, another 79 men of the 9th Infantry, under the command of Lieutenants Nathaniel Wickliffe Jr. and Salem S. Marsh, followed a few days later. Mullan reached the Snake River on May 20, and Marsh caught up to him on May 23. By June 4, the work crew had regraded and repaired about  of road, and had reached the farm and ferry of Antoine Plante on the Spokane River. Lt. Charles G. Harker from Fort Colville arrived with more men, and Mullan's civilians and soldiers began cutting through dense timber north of Lake Coeur d'Alene on June 5. To ensure that they could not get cut off if Native Americans attacked the long supply route, the party built two supply depot storehouses as they worked east into the Rocky Mountains. They reached the top of the pass (Fourth of July Summit) on July 4, having cut just  through the thick forest. They added another  by July 14. The party reached the Coeur d'Alene Mission on July 31, a month behind schedule. Mullan now learned of the loss of the steamer Chippewa due to fire and explosion at the confluence of the Poplar and Missouri rivers. The steamer was transporting Mullan's supplies, which meant Mullan now had to send riders back to Fort Walla Walla to purchase far expensive supplies in the town. On August 11, 1862, while Mullan was slowly cutting his way through the dense timber of the Bitterroot Mountains, the War Department promoted him to Captain. On August 13, Mullan dispatched Lt. Marsh with 50 soldiers and civilians to lightly repair the road ahead, with an eye to moving supplies into the Bitterroot Valley for the winter camp. Three days later, the party reached the  marker on the Mullan Road.

Paragraph 27: SkavenDeathmaster Snikchm,  - Deathmaster Snikch is the chief assassin and prime agent of Lord Sneek, Lord of Decay and Nightlord of clan Eshin. Possible murderer of Valten.Grey Seer Thanquolm,  - Thanquol is one of the most powerful and active of the Grey Seers. He is always accompanied by Boneripper, his mechanized undead Rat Ogre. Though he is supremely cunning and a masterful schemer, his plans are nearly always thwarted by Gotrek and Felix (the defeats are often compounded by Skaven cowardice and incompetence), and he hates and fears them in equal measure.Ikit Clawm - Ikit Claw has dedicated his long life to the study of all forms of magery, including the spells of Men and Elves. His loyalty is to clan Skryre.Lurk Snitchtongue - Grey Seer Thanquol's servant who secretly tries to double cross his master numerous times in the Gotrek and Felix series of novels. He later becomes mutated by sneaking aboard Malakai Makaisson's airship The Spirit of Grungi which ventured into the Chaos Wastes. Lurk eventually believes he is the chosen of the Horned Rat and leads a skaven rebellion.Plague Lord Nurglitchm - The first plague lord of clan Pestilens and member of the Council of Thirteen. It was his corrupting disease that now marks clan Pestilens members as different from the other clans.Lord Skrolkm - Skrolk was a simple Plague Monk at the beginning of his life, but his devotion to the Horned Rat aided him in the long struggle for power, eventually leading him to Skavenblight to offer his services to Nurglitch, the seventh Arch-Plaguelord.Skweel Gnawtoothm - Skweel is clan Moulder's greatest packmaster. Born a runt, his continual fight for survival eventually led to great skill in commanding the larger, more unstable rats like Rat Ogres.Thrott the Uncleanm - Master mutator of Clan Moulder.  Possesses a warpstone eye and three arms, which prove an advantage in combat, as he can wield both a mancatcher and sword at onceTretch Craventailm - Tretch is the Clanchief of the Skaven clan Rictus and is known for his cunning and ability to survive any situation. He took his title as Clanchief by disguising himself as a stalactite and falling upon the previous Clanchief, splitting him in two.VerminLord Skreech verminking Lord skreech verminking is the avatar of the horned rat. He was part of the original council of thirteen and when they displeased the horned rat and were imprisoned skreech ate them and turned into the most powerful skaven of all time Warlord Queek headtakerm - Warlord Queek the Head-taker is the right claw of Warlord Gnawdwell, the ruler of Clan Mors and the City of Pillars. Gnawdwell is one of the Lords of Decay and without doubt one of the most powerful warlords in the Under-Empire.

Paragraph 28: The series of addresses were given as a reflection on the creation of man as male and female, as a sexual being. They sought to respond to certain “distorted ideas and attitudes” fundamental to the sexual revolution. Pope John Paul II addresses how the common understanding of the human body which analyzes it as a mechanism leads to objectification, that is, a loss of understanding of its intrinsic, personal meaning. Pope John Paul's thought is influenced by his earlier philosophical interests including the  phenomenological approaches of Edmund Husserl and Max Scheler, and especially by the philosophical action theory of Thomas Aquinas which analyzes human acts in the context of what is done, freely chosen, and felt, while presupposing that those acts are made possible due to the substantial union of soul and matter as required by hylomorphism. Key pre-papal writings on these topics include Love and Responsibility, The Acting Person, and various papers collected in Person and Community. These themes are continued in John Paul II's theological anthropology, which analyzes the nature of human beings in relation to God. The Theology of the Body presents an interpretation of the fundamental significance of the body, and in particular of sexual differentiation and complementarity, one which aims to challenge common contemporary philosophical views. Nevertheless, the pope's personalistic phenomenology is "echoing what he learned from St. John of the Cross" and is "in harmony with St. Thomas Aquinas".

Paragraph 29: During the late 1540s, his reputation as a music theorist grew. He established his reputation as a composer with his publication of a book of madrigals in Venice in 1546, and in 1551 he took part in one of the most famous events in 16th century music theory, the debate between Vicente Lusitano and himself in Rome in 1551. The topic of the debate was the relationship of the ancient Greek genera to contemporary music practice, in particular whether contemporary music could be explained in terms of the diatonic genus alone (as Lusitano claimed) or (as Vicentino claimed) was best described as a combination of the diatonic, chromatic, and enharmonic genera, the last of which contained a microtone. The debate was rather unlike those among contemporary musicologists, being more like a refereed prize fight, with a panel of judges; they awarded the prize to Lusitano. In 1555 Vicentino published an account of the debate that was recognised as misleading at the time, but nevertheless went on to influence later composers.

Paragraph 30: There has been scholarly debate about John Calvin's use of the concept of accommodation which continues to the present day. Scholars like E. David Willis and Ford Lewis Battles, and more recently Arnold Huijgen, have argued that Calvin developed the idea from sources related to classical rhetoric while others such as David F. Wright and Jon Balserak have argued that Calvin's usage of the idea of divine accommodation is too diffuse to fit into any concept (such as decorum) associated with rhetoric. None of these scholars are disputing Calvin's credentials as a Renaissance humanist but rather whether they explain his appreciation and use of divine accommodation. Both groups acknowledge Calvin's indebtedness to the Church Fathers from whom he appropriated the motif, or cluster of motifs, of divine accommodation.