Paragraph 1: Fernandez is perhaps the most ambidextrous player to have played the game since Carlos Loyzaga a generation before him. Almost always, whenever he would get the defensive rebound he would assume the role of "point-center", leading the fast-break (a throwback to his point-guard days), which he admitted was a habit he could not break in the pros. Fernandez would dribble the ball running the middle of the court, either hitting the open man on either wing or finishing a lay-up with either hand. There were many instances when he would switch the ball from right hand to left hand, often drawing a foul or setting up a three-point play. One of his more famous moves was the "kili-kili" (armpit) shot, which he set up by driving down the middle of the lane coming from the right side of the court, faking a right-handed shot and then, at the last second when the defender has committed himself, switching the ball to his left hand for a scoop shot under the armpit of the same defender that almost always drew a foul. He had an ambidextrous hook shot that was almost impossible to stop and a weird-looking variation of a lay-up that was executed while "fading away" from the basket which made it equally intriguing. His "elegant shot" often came after a right-handed cross-over dribble and moving away from a defender. He used pivot moves, pump fakes, lookaway or no-look passes, looping shots, fadeaways and an array of what seemed to be trick shots from near or under the basket that he executed to perfection. He was doing this before Kevin McHale was doing his moves worthy of a chapter in an NBA playbook. Fernandez owned what was perhaps the craziest no-look pass that was executed on Philippine hardwood: an assist initiated as a fake behind-the-back pass going to one direction only to go the opposite direction at the precise moment when the recipient is ready to receive the pass. He did this in front of a capacity crowd on May 30, 2003 during the Crispa Redmanizers vs. Toyota Super Corollas Reunion game at the Smart Araneta Coliseum. With Toyota up 37-29, Fernandez intercepted a pass from Bernie Fabiosa underneath the Crispa basket, dribbled with his left hand, crossed-over a defending Atoy Co, brought the ball down the full length of the court with his right hand and just after entering Toyota's shaded lane shovelled the no-look pass to teammate Rolly Marcelo on the right side for an unmolested layup. Broadcaster Dick Ildefonso who was calling the game that night along with Emy Arcilla described it on air as "a pass that nobody saw except the receiver". His pinpoint passing ability was so devastating to opponents because he often executed them at critical junctures of the game, either coming from his right or left hand. It didn't matter to Fernandez whether he was hitting the open man through a crowd of defenders or hitting the same open man via a Hail Mary pass from outside the backcourt. Philip Cezar and Abe King, two premier defenders of local players and imports alike, in television interviews, always said that Fernandez was the toughest assignment they ever had to handle.

Paragraph 2: Sanz Briz was born on 28 September 1910 in Zaragoza. He earned a degree in law at the Central University of Madrid, and then in 1933 entered the diplomatic School in Madrid.  At the beginning of the Spanish Civil War he volunteered to join the Nationalist side in response to the atrocities of the socialist-communist terror plot from the government of Largo Caballero. Sanz Briz served as a truck driver in the Cuerpo de Ejército Marroquí, a unit of Francisco Franco's army created in 1937 and commanded by General Juan Yagüe. In that same armed conflict and on the same side he fought the one who, years later would be one of his main collaborators in Budapest, the Italian Giorgio Perlasca.

Paragraph 3: Pupo's first album release, Come sei bella ("You are so beautiful"), came in 1976. His second album, Gelato al cioccolato, was his first major success , containing the hit singles "Ciao" and "Gelato al cioccolato", written with Cristiano Malgioglio; the album was the artist's first of 11 gold records. In 1980 Pupo competed for the first time in the Sanremo Music Festival with the gold record winning song "" ("Above us"): the song was included in his third album Più di prima ("More than before"), which was Pupo's best selling record and also included "Firenze Santa Maria Novella", a love letter to the city of Florence.

Paragraph 4: Garborg grew up on a farm named Garborg, near Undheim, in Time municipality at Jæren in Rogaland county. He grew up together with eight siblings. Although he was to become known as an author, it was as a newspaperman that he got his start. In 1872 he established the newspaper Tvedestrandsposten, and in 1877 the Fedraheimen, which he served as managing editor until 1892. In the 1880s he was also a journalist for the Dagbladet.  In 1894 he laid the ground, together with Rasmus Steinsvik, for the paper Den 17de Mai; which changed its name to Norsk Tidend in 1935. As of 1898 Garborg was among the contributors of Ringeren, a political and cultural magazine established by Sigurd Ibsen.

Paragraph 5: Ted and Robin are now a couple; meanwhile, a heartbroken Marshall tries to continue his life without Lily. After enduring numerous emotional breakdowns, Marshall's friends step in, and Barney, using sly catchphrases and pick-up lines, tries to get Marshall back in the dating game. Marshall becomes Barney's new ‘wingman’ as Ted is now in a relationship with Robin. Barney mentors Marshall in the art of flirting with women. Marshall fails at impressing women, but he finally obtains a barista's number. Later, Lily, after finally realizing she is not meant to be an artist, returns to New York. They remain separated as Marshall begins to date another girl, the barista whose number he earned, described by the gang as having 'crazy eyes'. The date with the girl does not end well and eventually leads to Lily and Marshall becoming reunited, and their engagement eventually resumes. When Robin refuses to go to the mall or explain why, Marshall suspects she is married, and Barney suspects she has performed in adult films. They bet on it, appointing Lily as "Slap Bet Commissioner." Lily oversees the search for the truth, as they discover that Robin was a teenage pop star named "Robin Sparkles", and Marshall eventually earns the right to slap Barney five times whenever he wishes. He uses one slap immediately and another later in the season. It is revealed that Barney has a gay African American half-brother named James (Wayne Brady) and, unaware that his mother lied to him, believes that Bob Barker is his father. As a result of this he takes a trip to California to be a contestant on The Price Is Right to meet his "father". While on the show, Barney wins all the prizes and gives them to Lily and Marshall as a 'happy early wedding' present.

Paragraph 6: Fox was raised as the third of four children — in 2001, his older brother, Ethan Crane (now Winthrop), approximately five to eight years his senior, was revealed to be the product of their mother's adulterous affair with now-police chief Sam Bennett. Fox also has two sisters — Fancy Crane is one to two years his senior, while Pretty Crane is a few years his junior.  While they were raised in the lap of luxury, the Crane siblings, excluding Ethan, had a dysfunctional childhood, with Ivy admitting that her youngest three children had a father who was "either absent or intoxicated" and a mother "who just didn't care".  Ivy favored Ethan over her other children because he was the son of her "true love", Sam Bennett, and not her husband, whom she loathed, and Fox, as well as his sisters, came to resent their mother for this.  Unlike his sisters, however, Fox also came to resent Ethan for their mother's favoritism, and the two men shared an adversarial relationship until the stillbirth of Ethan's daughter, Sarah Winthrop, in 2003. Fox also bore a great deal of anger towards his father, also unlike his sisters, and the two did not improve their relationship until 2006.

Paragraph 7: In the future, humankind has developed a new interpretation of gaming in the form of a virtual reality system known as the VirtNet, which contains various games, including "Lifeblood", a re-creation of real life. Michael and his two friends Bryson and Sarah are three talented hackers who can use the game code to manipulate items, and they are employed by VirtNet Security (VNS) to track down a cyber-terrorist known as Kaine, who has been trapping people inside the VirtNet. The gamers who are trapped often commit suicide in real life by coding out their Cores, the virtual objects that differentiate between their Auras, or their virtual bodies, and their real-life bodies. The VNS wants Michael and his friends to find out about the Mortality Doctrine, a program created by Kaine. Using information from Cutter, a barber in the game Lifeblood, Michael and his friends hack their way into the high-end Black and Blue club. They meet Ronika, the owner, who tells them that to get to Kaine's base in the Hallowed Ravine, they must get through The Path, which can be accessed through a weak spot in the code within the game Devils of Destruction. However, creatures programmed by Kaine known as KillSims, which suck the life out of VirtNet players' Auras and leave their real-life bodies brain-dead, attack and destroy Ronika. Michael begins to have serious but occasional headaches. Michael and his friends then manage to gain access to The Path through Devils of Destruction, which they find very difficult to beat, after hacking through the age restriction. Once they enter The Path, they find themselves on a massive stone disk with a riddle. After solving it, they enter an infinitely long corridor, from which the only exit is to go through a hole in the wall. The three best friends have to overcome their fears to keep moving on. At one point, Bryson's Aura is killed by strange, animated corpses that attack whenever anybody makes noise. Along the way, they meet Gunner Skale, a legendary gamer who mysteriously disappeared from the VirtNet, who leads them to realizing that Kaine is actually a rogue Tangent, or an AI in the VirtNet. After escaping from Skale, as he attempted to kill them, Michael and Sarah continue on The Path, but Sarah's Aura is also killed when she is burned by lava. Eventually, Michael reaches a crossroads, where he is given the choice of either leaving the Path or entering the Hallowed Ravine. When he chooses the Hallowed Ravine, a silver machine destroys his Core, so that if his Aura were to die, he would die in real life. After reaching the Hallowed Ravine and discovering a group of Tangents controlled by Kaine, the VNS sends agents to his location to attack. However, in the ensuing battle, with the KillSims attacking, a large number of VNS agents die. Kaine manages to force Michael into a room, from which Michael escapes, allowed by Kaine to do so. He is attacked by KillSims, but he uses his hacking ability to delete, rather than manipulate, things, for the first time. Michael suffers another headache and begs Kaine to save him. Michael then wakes up in a Coffin, or a coffin-like enclosure from which the VirtNet is accessed, but realizes that his body and his surroundings are different. He finds that Kaine left him a message that explained how Michael was a Tangent, and that he was the first successful subject of The Mortality Doctrine, which implants Tangent intelligence into human bodies. Michael is also told that since he is now human, his headaches were actually caused by Decay, a condition that results from the deterioration of a Tangent's code. Michael then realizes that he had resided in the game Lifeblood Deep during his time as a Tangent, and when he had entered his Coffin, he had entered the game used by human beings, Lifeblood.  He opens the door and meets Agent Weber, the VNS agent who contracted him to stop Kaine, who informs him that Bryson and Sarah are real. He is also told to attempt to impersonate the human whose body he is in.

Paragraph 8: In the year 1800, there lived a group of people called Agsalog (Igorot) in the East Hinterlands of Golot (Mountain Province). Some groups of these people were hospitable, while some were fierce fighters, head hunters, animal rustlers, robbers and the like which worsened the already impoverished state of their place. Tired of such constant inconveniences, the hospitable and peaceful people plotted to leave after holding a secret meeting. They grouped themselves into three: one group to head for the North, another to the South and the third to the West. Being Igorots with customs and traditions firmly instilled by their ancestors, they observed their usual religious rites before starting the journey. A number of chickens were killed and offered to Kabunian (God) and his son Lumawig.  It is a peace offering meant to appease the gods in order not to anger them.  After the ceremony, a safe and peaceful passage to a wonderful land destined especially for them, is expected. The night after the ceremony was held, the peaceful people started their journey.  They moved silently under cover of the tall, thick trees eastward and the shining stars up above served as their guide. The group that traveled to the west were the ones who reached the place, which would be known in the future as Lidlidda. Members of this group had such names as Conay, Caoas, Digay, Caoeng, San-E, Gumanab, Anggon, Calugay and others. Along the way, they met obstacles and hardships associated with the mountainous terrain and the constant feeling of hunger and tiredness. After twenty days of hiking, they arrived in a place that looked suitable for building homes. It was a valley with grassy plains, a river along its sides, creeks, brooks, and wells. There were plenty of fish, wild animals and game for food. The surrounding hills and mountains abundantly covered with tall trees and bamboo could provide them with shade and fruit. The immediate belief that soon a peaceful, progressive and happy community would be positively established in the said place compelled the travelers to stop their seemingly nomadic existence and settle on the area.

Paragraph 9: In conclusion, the rise of Rashtrakutas of Manyakheta had a great impact on India, even on India's north. Sulaiman (851), Al-Masudi (944) and Ibn Khurdadba (912) wrote that their empire was the largest in contemporary India and Sulaiman further called it one among the four great contemporary empires of the world. According to the travelogues of the Arabs Al Masudi and Ibn Khordidbih of the 10th century, "most of the kings of Hindustan turned their faces towards the Rashtrakuta king while they were praying, and they prostrated themselves before his ambassadors. The Rashtrakuta king was known as the "King of kings" (Rajadhiraja) who possessed the mightiest of armies and whose domains extended from Konkan to Sind." Some historians have called these times an "Age of Imperial Kannauj". Since the Rashtrakutas successfully captured Kannauj, levied tribute on its rulers and presented themselves as masters of North India, the era could also be called the "Age of Imperial Karnataka". During their political expansion into central and northern India in the 8th to the 10th centuries, the Rashtrakutas or their relatives created several kingdoms that either ruled during the reign of the parent empire or continued to rule for centuries after its fall or came to power much later. Well known among these were the Rashtrakutas of Gujarat (757–888), the Rattas of Saundatti (875–1230) in modern Karnataka, the Gahadavalas of Kannauj (1068–1223), the Rashtrakutas of Rajasthan (known as Rajputana) and ruling from Hastikundi or Hathundi (893–996), Dahal (near Jabalpur), Rathores of Mandore (near Jodhpur), the Rathores of Dhanop, Rashtraudha dynasty of Mayuragiri in modern Maharashtra and Rashtrakutas of Kannauj. Rajadhiraja Chola's conquest of the island of Ceylon in the early 11th century CE led to the fall of four kings there. According to historian K. Pillay, one of them, King Madavarajah of the Jaffna kingdom, was an usurper from the Rashtrakuta Dynasty.

Paragraph 10: By 1887, it was decided to reverse the flow of the Chicago River through civil engineering.  Engineer Isham Randolph noted that a ridge about  from the lakeshore divided the Mississippi River drainage system from the Great Lakes drainage system. This low divide had been known since pre-Columbian time by the Native Americans, who used it as the Chicago Portage to cross from the Chicago River drainage to the Des Plaines River basin drainage. The Illinois and Michigan Canal was cut across that divide in the 1840s. In an attempt to better drain sewage and pollution in the Chicago River, the flow of the river had already been reversed in 1871 when the Illinois and Michigan Canal was deepened enough to reverse the river's flow for one season. A plan soon emerged to again cut through the ridge and reverse the flow permanently carrying wastewater away from the lake, through the Des Plaines and Illinois rivers, to the Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico.  In 1889, the Illinois General Assembly created the Sanitary District of Chicago (SDC) to carry out the plan. After four years of turmoil during construction, Isham Randolph was appointed Chief Engineer for the newly formed Sanitary District of Chicago and resolved many issues circulating around the project. While the canal was being built, permanent reversal of the Chicago River was attained in 1892, when the Army Corps of Engineers further deepened the Illinois and Michigan Canal.

Paragraph 11: With a regiment in September 1904, he marched from Liaoyang to Fynhuangcheng and on to Yala. On April 11, Lechitsky was entrusted with protecting a section of the Yalu River from the village of Syndyagou to s. Kuluza, over 18 miles, with a detachment from the battalion of the 24th East Siberian Rifle Regiment, a company of the 10th East Siberian Rifle Regiment, the 1st East Siberian Mountain Battery and 2 hundred. Ussuri Cossack Regiment. Having made a forced transition of 44 miles, Lechitsky at dawn on April 12 arrived at the mouth of the river. Ambihe and took his assigned unit detachment, mainly against the mouth of the river. Ambihe is an important crossing point. Apr 18 Tyurenchensky battle broke out. Absolutely not oriented from the headquarters of the Eastern detachment, Lechitsky only received information about him from the Chinese on the 19th and therefore left on the 20th, and on the 21st joined the right column of the Eastern detachment, retreating to Modulinsky Pass. On May 1, all parts of the Eastern detachment retreated to Lyandansyan, leaving the advanced units at the passes, including on Modulinsky — the Lechitsky detachment from the 24th V.-Sib. page pp. with 2 op. and 1 hundred. kaz. June 14, by order of the head of Vost. detachment of the 24th V.-Sib. p. n. moved to Thavuan, forming a general reserve. Having no reliable information about the enemy, the head of the Eastern detachment, Count Keller, appointed an intensified reconnaissance on the night of June 21, during which Lechitsky, with a detachment of 2 battalions, had to find out the forces of the protest on the right. crest of Ufanguansk. the pass. All intelligence has been reduced to a number of departments. bayonets. fights with outposts Japan. the watchman. protection. Having determined that the first ridge is Ufanguansk. The pass is occupied by a whole regiment, but without artillery, L. began to depart at 5.30 a.m. It was already light, and therefore, with the detachment to Lidapuz and further along the high road, detachment L. carried the chapters. Losses - 12 of. and 355 lower rank .; L. himself was shell-shocked rouge. right bullet right. temple. On July 4, L. took part in the establishment of a part of the East. detachment (26 battalions) to Ufanguansk. pass. For outstanding manhood in previous battles, L. was awarded the Order of St. George of the 4th degree, and on 11 August. granted by the adjutant wing to His Imperial Majesty. Aug 10 L. with his regiment and 4 batteries took the rights. section of the Landasyansky position near the village of Kofintszy, and on August 13. in the morning to the position of the 24th V.-Sib. p. p. began the present part of the 1st brigade of Japan. Guard of General Assad, supported by a strong artillery. by fire, but failed completely. 8 times the Japanese tried to take possession of the trenches, but were recaptured in unison. the efforts of valiant. shooters of the 24th p., acting in notice. connection with artillery under the general. leadership of their courage. com pa When the concentration of our army near Liaoyang began, Lechitsky and the regiment formed one of the vanguards of the III Siberian Corps, which was entrusted with the difficult task of holding the enemy until the crossing through the Vanbatai Pass of all convoys and artillery of the corps ended. With rearguard battles, Lechitsky on August 15 retreated to the forefront of Liaoyang positions and located in the vicinity of the village of Mindyafan, and on August 16 he occupied a site at Tsofantunsky position, which he defended stubbornly in the days of the Liaoyang battle.

Paragraph 12: Three years after, Gabriel has returned and challenged Milo in a gambling game. If Gabriel wins, he get all of Milo's estate, but if Milo wins, he will have Gabriel's new automobile and PHP 100,000 cash. Gabriel and Carmina reunited and told them that he came from a rich family and was kidnapped when he was a child and he already took Milo's estate, after Milo was defeated. Milo became a lowly servant to Gabriel, after Gabriel notarized the Deed of Transfer. Gabriel told Carmina that he still loves her. But Carmina said that he loves Alan and he can't leave him. Gabriel met Sandra and they fell in love. But, Alan disapprove their relationship because of being a houseboy and because of some gossips on how he became rich that easily. Sandra told Carmina that Gabriel proposed her for marriage. But, Carmina told Sandra that she should not marry Gabriel because he will hurt her. Sandra said to Carmina that the reason why she wanted to stop the wedding because she had feelings for Gabriel. She threatened her to get rid of Gabriel if she don't want Alan to knew about it. Carmina asked Gabriel not to drag Sandra to get his revenge on Alan. But, Gabriel said that he's not getting his revenge on Alan, but to Carmina. She also asked Alan to stop Sandra for marrying Gabriel, but Alan said that he has nothing to do with it, but Carmina said that she would die if the two would marry. Carmina and Gabriel met at the hill once again rekindling their love for each other. Carmina is willing to be with Gabriel, but she has to say goodbye to Alan. When Carmina asked Alan for their separation, he became more violent and lock her up. Gabriel who is waiting for Carmina in the hill, received a letter from her. The letter said that she can't leave Alan because he's still her husband. It found out that Alan forged a letter for Gabriel. During the wedding of Sandra and Gabriel, Carmina fainted and was found out to be pregnant. Sandra also found out that Gabriel still loves Carmina. She asked Gabriel to love her, but Gabriel never spoke. When Carmina attempts to go to Gabriel, Alan came and became more violent. He believes that the child Carmina is carrying is Gabriel's. Carmina then admits that she only married Alan because of his wealth and in the three years of their marriage, she still loves Gabriel. Alan then told Carmina that he will abort the child in her womb, but she refused. When Carmina attempts to escape, Alan tried to stop her, but Carmina fought back. Because she's locked in the house, Carmina lock herself in the bathroom. There she suffered a miscarriage because of the beating she suffered from Alan. She then took a blade and slit her wrist. Yaya Adora came to Gabriel, and Gabriel went to Carmina. He told Carmina that it was her fault that she didn't fought for their love. Yaya Adora told Gabriel that Alan might come. But Gabriel said that he will never leave, even if Alan would kill him.

Paragraph 13: Smokey Robinson and Claudette were divorced in 1986, after 27 years of marriage. Motown founder Berry Gordy gave Claudette the official title of the "First Lady of Motown", as noted in his autobiography, because, as a member of the Miracles, Motown's first group and first recording act, she was the first female artist ever signed to a Motown-affiliated record label (Tamla). Several years ago, Claudette began writing her autobiography, A Miraculous Life, a book of her memoirs, and of her life with the Miracles. Robinson is a board member of the national Rhythm & Blues Foundation and the HAL Awards. Her cousin, original Miracles member Bobby Rogers toured with the last incarnation of the Miracles throughout the United States, Canada and Europe, until his death in 2013. Claudette still performs and makes selected appearances with the Miracles. Claudette can be seen on stage with the Miracles live at the Apollo Theatre in a rare 1962 film clip on the 2006 Motown/Universal DVD release, Smokey Robinson & the Miracles: The Definitive Performances. She can also be seen onstage with original Miracles, Smokey Robinson, her cousin Bobby Rogers, Pete Moore, and Marv Tarplin (but not Ronnie White) on the DVD release of The "Motown 25" Television Special.

Paragraph 14: The team gathers in Simon's house and they set out to devise a cunning plan to retrieve the tape from the bank. One evening they find that Kirsty, Simon's first client when he started his new job in Manchester, has broken in and is attempting to steal his television. When she sees what they are doing, she asks to join the gang to rob the bank, but Simon says she is too young. They tell her she has to leave but she convinces them that she will be small enough to slip through a vent that someone needs to access as part of their heist plan. The team members train together, organise equipment, deploy a computer virus, and invent a GOTLER (George-operated time-lock equalising robot). Over time they bond as a group, have fun together, and formulate their plan. However, one night, DI Burton and several police officers (including Emma) search the house for the head of the murdered accountant. DI Burton has obviously planted it in Simon's house and, despite Kirsty's attempt to dispose of it, manages to frame Simon and the others: they are arrested, and end up in a police cell. Kirsty is taken away by the police, but manages to slip away from them at a garage. Simon tries to explain to Emma about the plan to clear his name but, because she feels that he has hidden things from her, she is reluctant to listen. Simon, George, Colin, and Jeff are in their cell wondering what to do when the back of a van crashes through the wall – it is Kirsty, who has stolen a van and is rescuing them. They jump in and speed off with Kirsty at the wheel, determined to try to get to the bank and put the plan into action.

Paragraph 15: Northward, I-684 begins as two separate spur routes. The primary spur, which is officially designated I-684, begins at the White Plains–Harrison line at exit 9A of the Cross-Westchester Expressway (I-287) in Westchester County, New York. The other, officially designated as New York State Route 984J (NY 984J) but signed as I-684 in the northbound direction, begins in Harrison north of exit 16A (formerly exit 26) on the Hutchinson River Parkway. NY 984J has one independent exit with Manhattanville Road, which serves Manhattanville College, before joining the spur to I-287. The spurs, I-287 and the Hutch, surround an office park. From the junction of the two spurs, the Interstate Highway takes a straight course to the north-northwest through a wooded corridor with Century Country Club on the west and residences on the east. After the Barnes Lane overpass a mile and a half () north of the spurs, it veers to the north-northeast for a half-mile () before turning to the north alongside Rye Lake, part of Kensico Reservoir, one of many that provide water to New York City. It remains in an increasingly narrow strip of woods between the lake and Westchester County Airport into its first exit, Airport Road,  from its southern terminus. NY 120 parallels the highway to the east.

Paragraph 16: One major event in Hells Angels' history involved the December 6, 1969 Altamont Free Concert at the Altamont Speedway – partially documented in the 1970 film Gimme Shelter – featuring Jefferson Airplane, The Flying Burrito Brothers, and The Rolling Stones. The Grateful Dead were also scheduled to perform but cancelled at the last minute owing to the ensuing circumstances at the venue. The Angels had been hired by The Rolling Stones as crowd security for a fee which was said to include $500 worth of beer. The Angels parked their motorcycles in front of the stage in order to create a buffer between the stage and the hundreds of thousands of concertgoers. Crowd management proved to be difficult, resulting in both spectator injury and death. Over the course of the day, the Hells Angels became increasingly agitated as the crowd turned more aggressive. At a later murder trial of Hells Angel Alan Passaro, a security guard testified he heard the Hells Angels being summoned over the loudspeakers when the helicopter bearing The Rolling Stones landed. Debate after the event was over whether the Hells Angels were to manage security for the entire concert or just for The Rolling Stones. Sam Cutler, the Stones' agent who had arranged to pay the Hells Angels said their role was as bodyguards to the Rolling Stones. This was denied by the Hells Angels as well as others connected to the event. During the opening act of Santana, the Hells Angels surged into the crowd numerous times to keep persons off stage. By the time The Rolling Stones took stage, numerous incidents of violence had occurred both between the Hells Angels and internally within the crowd, not the least of which featured a circus performer weighing over 350 pounds stripping naked and running amok amid the concertgoers. Audience members attempted to detain him. Eventually, the irate man was subdued after Angels intervened with fists and makeshift weapons, while a crowd of 4,000–5,000 looked on from the edge of the stage. The aggression did not subside there. After an Angel's motorcycle was toppled, club members' tempers continued to escalate, their ire spread wide between the audience and performers alike. At one point, Marty Balin of Jefferson Airplane was knocked unconscious following an altercation with an Angel, an event later depicted in Gimme Shelter. The Grateful Dead refused to play following the Balin incident, and left the venue. A shoving match erupted near the stage during a rendition of the song "Under My Thumb". As the song began, a man in the audience, Meredith Hunter, was allegedly harassed, then violently pushed back by the Hells Angels. He returned, producing a handgun. Hunter was stabbed to death. A Hells Angel member, Alan Passaro, was later acquitted of murder on grounds of self-defense. After the concert and critical media attention given to the HAMC, Sonny Barger went on a local California radio station to justify the actions of the Hells Angels and to present their side of the story. He claimed that violence only started once the crowd began vandalizing the Hells Angels' motorcycles. Barger would later claim that Hunter fired a shot which struck a Hells Angels member with what he described as "just a flesh wound."

Paragraph 17: Abul-Fath Khan Javanshir, was one of the sons of Ibrahim Khalil Javanshir, that through his sister was the brother-in-law of Fath-Alī Shah Qajar. In the First Russo-Persian War Abul-Fath Khan supported the Iranians and fought on the side of the crown prince Abbas Mirza. After Karabakh was ceded to Russia and even before it, Abul-Fath Khan withdrew from Karabakh along with his fellow tribesmen, and Abbās Mirza made him governor of Dezmār. Dezamār lay on a southern tributary of the Aras, which flowed into the main river at Ordubad. In the years following 1813 Abul-Fath Khan smuggled his warriors back across the Aras into southern Karabakh and took up residence in the village of Garmī (eight farsangs south of Shusha). Presumably, this must have been done with the connivance of his brother Mahdiqoli Khan Javanshir, who had succeeded his father in 1806 as governor of Shusha in the service of the Russians. In 1818, long before the outbreak of the Second Russo-Persian War, Abbas Mirza invaded the territory to which the Russians laid claim and which was de facto under their sovereignty; supported by 100 horsemen, he brought Abul-Fath Khan back by force. What happened to Abul-Fath Khan thereafter is not known; he does not appear to have taken part in the battles of the Second Russo-Persian War. His brother Mahdī-qolī Khan crossed into Iranian soil in 1822. Under the terms of the Treaty of Turkmanchay in 1828, the whole of Karabakh was finally ceded to Russia.

Paragraph 18: Denny Varney and Eugene Johnson are rehearsing for the “Dream of a Lifetime” Talent Search (“Life Could Be a Dream (Sh-Boom)”), hosted by Big Whopper Radio. Denny, a former member of the Crooning Crab Cakes glee club at Springfield High School, grabs the spotlight as Eugene struggles to keep up with him. They rehearse in Denny's basement, and it becomes clear when their friend Wally arrives that Denny's mother is ready for him to grow up and move out (“Get a Job”). Wally Patton joins the singing group and suggests they ask if Big Stuff Auto will sponsor them in the contest. Denny's mother, Mrs. Varney, tells the boys to keep the noise down, but no one can stifle these boys and their musical ambitions (“Mama Don't Allow It”). The next night the boys are anxiously awaiting their audition for “Big” Earl, the owner of Big Stuff Auto, when mechanic Duke Henderson shows up instead. Trouble comes in the form of Lois Franklin, “Big” Earl's daughter, who shows up to help Duke evaluate the group, but who also broke Eugene's heart many years before. Eugene works through his pain as the boys audition (“Tears on my Pillow”). Lois likes the boys, but thinks they need to add a fourth member to become a proper doo-wop quartet. After hearing Duke sing (“Fools Fall in Love”), the boys welcome him into the group and Lois realizes her budding romantic feelings for him. As the newly formed quartet rehearses, Denny struggles with Duke singing lead (“Runaround Sue”). Lois tries to add polish to the rough edges of their act (“Lonely Teardrops”), triggering Wally, Eugene, and Denny to fantasize about their love for her (“Lovin' Lois Medley”). Little do the boys realize that Lois has fallen hard for Duke (“I Only Have Eyes for You”), and she surprises him with a kiss. Duke is startled and runs off, leaving the boys oblivious to the unfolding drama, begging Lois to stay and rehearse with them (“Stay”). The next night, Denny, Wally, and Eugene rehearse while imagining themselves with Lois (“(Just Like) Romeo and Juliet”), when Duke arrives to offer the guys some advice about girls and love in general (“A Sunday Kind of Love”). When Lois arrives, Duke quits the group and runs out. Lois tells the boys that she told her parents she was in love with Duke, and then her father fired Duke from the Auto Shop. Lois laments her unrequited love (“Unchained Melody”).

Paragraph 19: As the Japanese pressed southward through the Philippines and into Indonesia, the Allies could hardly hope to contain the Japanese offensive in the East Indies. With too few ships and practically no air support they strove to harass the Japanese forces in an attempt to delay their advance, and to prevent the invasion of Australia. Anxious to strike back at the Japanese, Ford departed Surabaya 11 January 1942 for Kupang, Timor, where she arrived on the 18th to join a destroyer striking force. Two days later the force sailed for Balikpapan to conduct a surprise torpedo attack on Japanese shipping. Arriving off Balikpapan during mid watch 24 January, the four destroyers launched a raid through the Japanese transports while Japanese destroyers steamed about Makassar Strait in search of reported American submarines. For over an hour the destroyers fired torpedoes and shells at the astonished enemy. Before retiring from the first surface action in the Pacific war, they sank four Japanese ships; one of them, the IJA transport Kuretake Maru, fell victim to John D. Ford's torpedoes and was lost along with six crewmen and 272 troops. In the darkness, Ford also fired on the Japanese hospital ship Asahi Maru, causing minor damage. The striking force arrived Surabaya 25 January.

Paragraph 20: There is 'rapidly growing interest in disorganized attachment' from clinicians and policy-makers as well as researchers. Yet the Disorganized/disoriented attachment (D) classification has been criticised by some for being too encompassing. In 1990, Ainsworth put in print her blessing for the new 'D' classification, though she urged that the addition be regarded as 'open-ended, in the sense that subcategories may be distinguished', as she worried that the D classification might be too encompassing and might treat too many different forms of behaviour as if they were the same thing. Indeed, the D classification puts together infants who use a somewhat disrupted secure (B) strategy with those who seem hopeless and show little attachment behaviour; it also puts together infants who run to hide when they see their caregiver in the same classification as those who show an avoidant (A) strategy on the first reunion and then an ambivalent-resistant (C) strategy on the second reunion. Perhaps responding to such concerns, George and Solomon have divided among indices of Disorganized/disoriented attachment (D) in the Strange Situation, treating some of the behaviours as a 'strategy of desperation' and others as evidence that the attachment system has been flooded (e.g. by fear, or anger). Crittenden also argues that some behaviour classified as Disorganized/disoriented can be regarded as more 'emergency' versions of the avoidant and/or ambivalent/resistant strategies, and function to maintain the protective availability of the caregiver to some degree. Sroufe et al. have agreed that 'even disorganised attachment behaviour (simultaneous approach-avoidance; freezing, etc.) enables a degree of proximity in the face of a frightening or unfathomable parent'. However, 'the presumption that many indices of "disorganisation" are aspects of organised patterns does not preclude acceptance of the notion of disorganisation, especially in cases where the complexity and dangerousness of the threat are beyond children's capacity for response'. For example, 'Children placed in care, especially more than once, often have intrusions. In videos of the Strange Situation Procedure, they tend to occur when a rejected/neglected child approaches the stranger in an intrusion of desire for comfort, then loses muscular control and falls to the floor, overwhelmed by the intruding fear of the unknown, potentially dangerous, strange person'.

Paragraph 21: After recording two albums for RCA Victor, Jennings was cast in the Jay Sheridan film Nashville Rebel.  In the authorized video documentary Renegade Outlaw Legend, Jennings recalled, "I went and auditioned for that and I thought I was terrible.  But I was the one they wanted...I don't know how in the world I did it 'cause I was  out of it [on pills] most of the time."  The album includes a cover of The Beatles' "Norwegian Wood" from Rubber Soul (1965), although it was not featured in the movie.  Jennings later recalled, "Chet [Atkins, Jennings' record producer] came up with the left-field idea of doing a version of The Beatles' 'Norwegian Wood.'  It was this kind of unpredictability that endeared Chet to me.  He loved those Beatles tunes, and I did too." It also features several songs written by Harlan Howard, and Jennings would record a full album of Howard's songs on his next LP.  The Howard-written "Green River" was released as a single and peaked at #11 on the charts.  When the album was released, it was listed as "Reprocessed Stereo" (an electronic technique applied to monophonic recordings in order to create a simulated "stereophonic" effect) although all of the songs on side one are indeed true stereo.  "Norwegian Wood" wasn't issued in true stereo until 1999, but the five movie instrumental tracks (tracks 8-12) have never been available in true stereo anywhere. Tom Jurek of AllMusic writes: "While the title of the album may be prophetic in terms of the radical changes in Waylon Jennings' career around 1971, the music found here is anything but. While Jennings brought seven of the 12 songs to these sessions, and starred in the film, the soundtrack feels and sounds dated and overwrought - mostly from a production point of view."

Paragraph 22: Born in Frankfurt, Germany, Schiff migrated to the United States after the American Civil War and joined the firm Kuhn, Loeb & Co. From his base on Wall Street, he was the foremost Jewish leader from 1880 to 1920 in what later became known as the "Schiff era", grappling with all major Jewish issues and problems of the day, including the plight of Russian Jews under the Tsar, American and international anti-semitism, care of needy Jewish immigrants, and the rise of Zionism. He also became a director of many important corporations, including the National City Bank of New York, Equitable Life Assurance Society, Wells Fargo & Company, and the Union Pacific Railroad. In many of his interests he was associated with E. H. Harriman.

Paragraph 23: Amouzegar served as deputy minister in Iran's ministry of health under Jahanshah Saleh in 1955. In 1959 Amouzegar replaced Hassan Akhavi as agriculture minister when Akhavi was removed from the cabinet of Prime Minister Manouchehr Eghbal. He was appointed minister of labor and then minister of health in the cabinet led by Prime Minister Hasan-ali Mansour. He subsequently became minister of finance in the cabinet of Amir Abbas Hoveida after the assassination of Prime Minister Mansour in 1964, remaining in that post for nine years. From 1965 to 1974 he headed several ordinary meetings of the OPEC. In 1971, he and Saudi Oil Minister Ahmed Zaki Yamani were instrumental in implementing the series of price hikes that ultimately quadrupled the price of oil and provided the resources for Iran to modernize its infrastructure, agriculture, and defense. For this accomplishment, Amouzegar was awarded the Taj-e Iran, first-class, an honor normally reserved for only the prime minister and former prime ministers. He was appointed minister of interior in 1974. On 21 December 1975 he was taken hostage by the Venezuelan terrorist Carlos the Jackal during an OPEC meeting. Carlos was ordered to execute him but did not do so, and Amouzegar was released along with the other hostages after a few days. Carlos flew him and a Saudi to Algeria. From there, they were released. 

Paragraph 24: The son of a butcher from County Durham, Reed began performing at the end of World War II, joining the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in 1951.  After eight years as understudy to Peter Pratt, he became the principal comedian of the company in 1959, remaining for two decades, playing all the famous Gilbert and Sullivan patter roles, including Sir Joseph in H.M.S. Pinafore, the Major-General in The Pirates of Penzance, Bunthorne in Patience, the Lord Chancellor in Iolanthe, Ko-Ko in The Mikado, Jack Point in The Yeomen of the Guard and the Duke of Plaza-Toro in The Gondoliers, among others.  He was known for his "fleet-footed clowning", dry and roguish wit, comic timing, "crystal clear diction" in the patter songs, and his amusing character voice, recording all of his principal roles with the company.

Paragraph 25: In 1533 he accepted the ideas of the Anabaptists, and was baptized in Delft by Obbe Philips. According to the Mennonite Encyclopedia, "He was an influential figure in Anabaptism's consolidation period following the fall of Münster." He rejected the violence of Münster, but theoretically accepted polygamy (he is not known to have practiced it). After the Münster debacle, a number of diverse disciples of Hoffman gathered for counsel at Bocholt in 1536. Joris had some success in highlighting their common beliefs, while defusing the ideas of those who wanted vengeance. He believed that God would take vengeance, but that the saints should not. He promoted compromise on the question of polygamy, stating he thought the number of wives a man had was not important, as long as the family obeyed God. The group made no decision on the issue. David Joris remained on the "mystic" edge of Anabaptism, leading by citing dreams, visions and prophecies. Against this is his rationalist approach to the topic of the devil and supernatural evil. David Joris anticipated the views of Thomas Hobbes, John Epps and John Thomas in interpreting the devil as an allegory. He adapted in his own interest the theory of three dispensations: the old, with its revelation of the Father, the newer with its revelations of the Son, and the final or era of the Spirit.

Paragraph 26: The monorail uses nine fully automatic Bombardier MVI trains, each consisting of four cars. These are very similar to the six-car Mark VI monorails at Walt Disney World (which were operated by pilots until 2014). The guideway is built to the "ALWEG" track standard. For the first seven years, the line only ran as the MGM Shuttle, between MGM and Bally's stations. During this time, two ex-Walt Disney World Mark IV monorail trains were used.  Though the Las Vegas and related train equipment appear superficially similar to the original ALWEG design (as exemplified by the Seattle system), their suspension and propulsion systems differ substantially.  A Seattle train may be walked end-to-end which is impossible on a Las Vegas or Florida train. The ALWEG Mark VI system used in Las Vegas Monorail consists of two inline large truck tires per car that support the load over the concrete guideway with a rectangular cross section and eight guide tires that straddle the guideway from both sides. The total capacity of the four-car trains is roughly equivalent to two articulated buses at 80 seated and 160 standing passengers. The maximum speed is , although that speed is only reached during one short straight segment of the line.

Paragraph 27: Spence sortied with TG 58.4, the fast carriers, on 6 June, to attack the Mariana Islands. As aircraft struck the islands, the destroyer moved in and bombarded Japanese positions on Guam and Saipan. The planes attacked Iwo Jima on the 16th and then returned to shell the Marianas. Spence participated in the "Marianas Turkey Shoot" during the Battle of the Philippine Sea on 19 and 20 June. On 23 and 24 June, aircraft bombed targets on Guam, Saipan and Tinian. The destroyer conducted shore bombardment against Rota, Saipan and Guam from 26 June through the end of the month setting fuel tanks afire and sinking two sampans on the 27th. Spence replenished at Eniwetok in July and, on 4 August, sailed for the California coast via Pearl Harbor and arrived at San Francisco on 18 August. She was drydocked all of September and, on 5 October, sailed for Pearl Harbor and the Marshalls. She arrived at Eniwetok on 31 October and was ordered to Ulithi in early November, where she was assigned to TG 38.1, the Support Unit for the fast carriers of TF 38. She screened the carriers in Philippine waters as they launched attacks against Luzon during November and the first part of December.

Paragraph 28: The civil parish meets with Rothley to the south, and some houses are actually in Rothley parish near the southern A6 junction. To the west of the parish is a nature reserve. North of here, the Leicestershire Round passes east–west through the north of the village. The parish boundary meets Quorndon where it first meets the quarry near Buddon Wood. North of there, it crosses the former A6,  towards Quorn from the roundabout for the A6 roundabout. Close to the bypass, the River Soar becomes the parish boundary and south of the A6 northern junction it meets Sileby at the point where it crosses the A6 bypass.  south of there, the boundary leaves the river to the west, with the river becoming the Sileby-Rothley boundary.

Paragraph 29: As early as 1804, US Naturalization Acts specifically tied married women's access to citizenship to their state of marriage. Provisions of the Naturalization Act of 1855 extended coverture by tying wives' citizenship and those of her children to the citizenship of their white husband or father. Upon passage of the Expatriation Act of 1907, marriage completely determined a woman's nationality. The law held that all wives acquired their husband's nationality upon any marriage occurring after March 2, 1907. Thus, the immigrant wife of an American man immediately became a US citizen upon marriage, but an American woman who married a foreigner lost her citizenship if her husband was not naturalized. The law was retroactive and loss of citizenship occurred without notice, leaving many women unaware that they had lost their US citizenship.

Paragraph 30: On 8 May 2012, Redzz released his sixth and most recent single titled Through The Eyes (formally known as I'm An Alcoholic) which caused a huge online stir on its initial release gaining over 116,000 views on YouTube and trending number 1 on Twitter as the most shared video ahead of Justin Bieber. On 14 May 2012, Redzz was interviewed by Chicago Monthly & Chelsea Monthly magazines where he talked about the story behind 'Through The Eyes' and his views on combating alcoholism which also prompted a supportive response from former Liberal Democrats MP Lembit Opik who said; "I think it is very important what Redzz is doing with the 'Through The Eyes' song, especially when it concerns young people. The more education they get the better informed they are". On 16 May 2012, Through The Eyes went number 1 on The Official International Independent Charts. The song is based on a true story about an old friend of Redzz named Del, who was an alcoholic. In the song Redzz raps in First-person narrative as if he is Del the alcoholic, portraying the downward spiral in Del's life, dealing with the effects of alcoholism and also explaining why Del became an alcoholic to help the listeners sympathize with the character. The music video to Through The Eyes was the first music video to be co-directed by Redzz himself, it was also co-directed by Sal Warner & Elmino Da Great. In the music video Redzz is depicted as either (left open for the viewers to debate) a guardian angel or a Grim Reaper who is seen by the viewer but not by Del (Simon Paice). This is made clear at the end of the music video when a newspaper with the title "Rapper Redzz Dies Of Alcoholism" is read by a man in a pub. He then unknowingly, walks past Redzz who then proceeds to follow him, indicating the man is to be the next victim. The music video features cameo roles from; Simon Paice, Ian Duck (from the films Derailed, Run Fat Boy Run & Wimbledon) & Sal Warner. Scenes in the music video were primarily filmed in and around Redzz home towns Leyton & Leytonstone in East London such as The Coach And Horses pub, Leyton Supermarket & Thatched House. On 18 May 2012, Redzz teamed up with National Association for Children of Alcoholics also known as NACOA to help raise awareness on the effects of alcoholism, particularly children with alcohol dependent parents and is planning on donating some of the proceeds for his single towards the charity. On 3 June 2012, Redzz performed 'Through The Eyes' at the annual Upfest, a charitable festival in association with NACOA. Redzz changed the name of 'I'm An Alcoholic' to 'Through The Eyes' as he was having difficulties in radio support as the name 'I'm An Alcoholic' was to hard hitting. In a tweet on Twitter Redzz stated "It's sad how a song about getting drunk out of your face is acceptable, but a song about the negative effects of alcohol is seen as a taboo."