Paragraph 1: Blood atonement is a disputed doctrine in the history of Mormonism, under which the atonement of Jesus does not redeem an eternal sin. To atone for an eternal sin, the sinner should be killed in a way that allows his blood to be shed upon the ground as a sacrificial offering, so he does not become a son of perdition. The largest Mormon denomination, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), has denied the validity of the doctrine since 1889 with early church leaders referring to it as a "fiction" and later church leaders referring to it as a "theoretical principle" that had never been implemented in the LDS Church.

Paragraph 2: The definitive host within this life cycle is primarily canines, and occasionally felines, and in rare cases young children. The intermediate hosts include fleas (Ctenocephalides spp.) and chewing lice.  The first stage in the life cycle is when the gravid proglottids are either passed out through faecal matter, or actively crawl out of the anus of the host. The gravid proglottids once out of the definitive host release eggs. Then, an intermediate host (the larval stage of a flea or chewing louse) will ingest an egg, which develops into a cysticercoid larva. The cysticercoid larva remains viable, but is not infective to carnivores until the flea hatches to an adult and begins feeding on a host (e.g. a dog). Approximately 36 hours after the flea has consumed a blood meal, the infective metacestode develops inside the flea. The metacestode larva must be ingested in a flea by the dog or cat during grooming in order to develop. Humans can also become infected by D. caninum by accidentally ingesting an infected flea. In the small intestine of the definitive host, the metacestode develops into an adult tapeworm, which reaches maturity 4-6 weeks after ingestion. This adult tapeworm produces proglottids, and over time, the proglottids mature and become gravid and eventually detach from the tapeworm and the life cycle starts all over again.

Paragraph 3: In the summer of 1918, the Board of Trustees of Rutgers College voted to establish a college for women that would be encompassed by the larger Rutgers University. Since the university’s original chartering in 1766 as Queen’s College, it had been committed to give the young adults of the state of New Jersey access to higher education. At the turn of the 20th century, as more and more young men went off to fight in the war, education for women began to be discussed further and was of greater importance. In fact, Mabel Smith Douglass, the first dean of the Women’s College, “along with the New Jersey federation of Women’s Clubs, led the movement, which began in earnest in 1911, to establish the institution." At this same meeting where the Board of Trustees voted to establish this college, a special committee was appointed to oversee the planning and management, to basically oversee the fruition of this decision. Locations for the college we are discussed in length as well as how much it would take to establish the college and who would run it. According to the recorded minutes, “The Board of Trustees has decided to take over the estate of Mrs. John N. Carpender, New Brunswick, near the college property” and Mrs. Douglass was to be appointed the Dean of the Women’s College. The estimated cost for the establishment of the college was $75,000. In addition to this, the board also hoped that the college could be established quickly enough to open that coming September. In the address given by university President, William Henry Demarest, in reference to the board’s meetings, he states, “An item of utmost importance is the coming into the market of the John N. Carpender property, near the college farm, 9 acres and a very large stone house [College Hall], which in the judgement of all consulted would be a best possible location and building for a start of the enterprise.” He later goes onto mention how the asking price for said property is $60,000, and himself and the board do not know how to finance their purchase. This leads to various meetings that would result in different campaigns to fund the purchase of the estate and the founding of the college. For each of these campaigns, more money was collected from private donors as well as the state so that the property could be rented out the college for the first few years of operation. However, the location of the college was not secure until a donation of $50,000 from Mr. James Neilson was made for the purchase of the College Hall Property in 1921.

Paragraph 4: UTEP turned to Oklahoma offensive line coach Bill Michael, the Miners' defensive coordinator from 1964 to 1966, to right the ship. However, the struggles continued. Under his tutelage, the Miners compiled a 5–43 record, with no more than two wins coming in a single season. Michael was relieved of his duties as head coach two games into the 1981 season, with assistant coach Billy Alton leading the Miners as interim head coach for the remainder of the season. In 1977, the UTEP Miners went 1–10. Michael's squad began the season with three losses; dropping contests to North Texas, Wyoming and Oklahoma State. The Miners picked up their only win of the season in the season's fourth game against rival New Mexico State. UTEP closed the season by losing its last seven to Colorado State, San Diego State, Arizona State, New Mexico, Utah, Arizona and No. 18 BYU. Michael led his team to a 1–11 record in his second season. Like the previous season, the UTEP Miners dropped their first three games of the season; losing to North Texas, Air Force and New Mexico State. After defeating San Diego State by a score of 31–24 to record its first win of the season, Texas El-Paso lost its last eight of the season to Arizona State, Colorado State, BYU, New Mexico, Hawaii, Utah, UNLV and Wyoming. UTEP compiled a 2–9 mark in 1979, their best season under Michael. After losing the season opener by a score of 35–0 to North Texas, the Miners defeated Pacific by a score of 31–7. After losing a nailbiter to New Mexico State by a score of 14–13, Michael's squad defeated UNLV by a score of 17–15 to record what would be their last win of the season. UTEP finished the season on a seven-game losing streak; losing to BYU, Wyoming, Colorado State, New Mexico, Hawaii, Utah and San Diego State. The Miners finished 1–11 in 1980. UTEP lost to Texas Tech, New Mexico State, North Texas and Pacific. After defeating Hawaii by a score of 34–14, the Miners finished with losses to Utah, UNLV, New Mexico, No. 17 BYU (by a whopping 83–7), Colorado State, San Diego State and Wyoming. In 1981, the UTEP Miners finished 1–11. After losing to New Mexico State and Texas A&M Kingsville to kick off the season, Bill Michael was fired as head coach and assistant coach Billy Alton was named interim head coach for the remainder of the season. UTEP then lost to No. 13 BYU by a score of 65–8. The Miners dropped games to Utah, New Mexico and Wyoming before defeating Colorado State by a score of 35–29 to earn its first win of the season. Texas-El Paso closed the year with four straight losses to Arizona, Hawaii, San Diego State and UNLV.

Paragraph 5: When the Doctor encountered him, Sabbath was attempting to build a temporal battleship, the Jonah, in order to travel beyond the realm of human understanding, though he was callous about other people's lives in his quest. Indeed, Sabbath was not the main villain of the book, and was in fact instrumental in saving the Doctor's life. Sabbath's literal role was made clear when the Doctor spoke with a character that fans assume by the description to be the Master (though he is never mentioned explicitly). The Master claimed that Sabbath-like characters were the new masters of time, a position once held by the Doctor's people until the destruction of their home world. Sabbath was intended as a new breed of villain, time-active and less apt to pure megalomania.

Paragraph 6: Robinson Crusoe on Mars was so obviously a director’s tour de force, that there was nobody to interfere and tell me how to shoot ... I can’t think of any other film I’ve made, unless it was The War of the Worlds, where I had such complete autonomy ... that I had as much genuine pleasure and fulfillment from as Robinson Crusoe on Mars. It was as fulfilling as cinematography had ever been. Everything I set out to do, I accomplished as well as one possibly could ... We made exploratory trips into Death Valley, and I conceived a key to credible verisimilitude ... I would abandon shots from the valleys, make them from up on the ridges. Death Valley had been seen in hundreds of westerns, but they were all shot from the bottoms of the canyons, because that’s where horses could gallop through. On the top of these weird looking ridges of marshmallow sands, the vista was something else. It looked like another planet — certainly not Death Valley. Additionally, I conceived making the blue skies red ... It was wintertime, and the skies were deep blue. They formed a perfect traveling mattep. 92 Miller, Thomas Kent Mars in the Movies: A History. McFarland, 2016

Paragraph 7: The origins of the Skylark can be traced back decisions made in the aftermath of the Second World War. Unlike some powers, the United Kingdom had not opted to immediately proceed with work on long-range rocketry; however, the Ministry of Supply did work on defensive guided weaponry, leading to the arrival of surface-to-air missiles such as the Bloodhound during the 1950s. To conduct these programmes, the ministry developed a series of test missiles for research and development. During May 1953, amid the preparations for a major conference in Oxford on rocket-based exploration of the upper atmosphere, the Ministry of Supply approached the Gassiot Committee of the Royal Society with an offer of using ministry rockets for scientific research. This offer, while positively received, was quickly realised to far exceed what would be affordable to the universities. During February 1954, a group of scientists enthusiastically responded to a closed briefing on a Royal Aircraft Establishment (RAE) project, the CTV.5 Series 3 rocket (which would later adopt the name Skylark). The CTV series of rockets had originally been used to investigate aerodynamic control of missiles, yet the Skylark was stated to be capable of carrying a payload of 100 lb to an altitude of 200 km (124 mi).

Paragraph 8: The OFI sees itself as representing the island rather than the state, and hence uses the name "Ireland". It changed its own name from "Irish Olympic Council" to "Olympic Council of Ireland" in 1952 to reinforce this point. (The change from "Council" to "Federation" was a 2018 rebranding after the 2016 ticketing controversy.) At the time, Lord Killanin had become OCI President and delegate to the IOC, and was trying to reverse the IOC's policy of referring to the OCI's team by using an appellation of the state rather than the island.  While the name "Ireland" had been unproblematic at the 1924 and 1928 Games, after 1930, the IOC sometimes used "Irish Free State". IOC President Henri de Baillet-Latour supported the principle of delimitation by political borders. At the 1932 Games, Eoin O'Duffy persuaded the Organisers to switch from "Irish Free State" to "Ireland" shortly before the Opening Ceremony. After the 1937 Constitution took effect, the IOC switched to "Eire"; this conformed to British practice, although within the state's name in English was "Ireland".  At the opening ceremony of the 1948 Summer Olympics, teams marched in alphabetical order of their country's name in English; the OCI team was told to move from the I's to the E's. After the Republic of Ireland Act came into effect in 1949, British policy was to use "Republic of Ireland" rather than "Eire". In 1951, the IOC made the same switch at its Vienna conference, after IOC member Lord Burghley had consulted the British Foreign Office. An OCI request to change this to "Ireland" was rejected in 1952, In late 1955 Brundage ruled that "Ireland" would be the official IOC name, and  Lewis Luxton of the Organising Committee for the 1956 Melbourne Games said that "Ireland" would be used on scoreboards and programmes. The OCI had argued that this was the name in the state's own Constitution, and that all the OCI's affiliated sports except the Football Association of Ireland were all-island bodies.  However, in the buildup to the Games, Lord Burghley (now Marquess of Exeter) protested at the IOC decision and insisted that the athletics events would use the IAAF name of "Eire". On the first day of athletics, "Ireland" (code "IRE") was used, but from the second day it changed to "Eire"/"EIR".

Paragraph 9: Peek was selected by the Houston Texans in the third round (67th overall) in the 2003 NFL Draft. In his rookie season, he played in ten games and made 28 tackles. He made his NFL debut at the Miami Dolphins on September 7. In his second season with the Texans, he played in 14 games and finished the season with 12 tackles and two sacks. In the game against the Jacksonville Jaguars on December 26, he returned a fumble 66 yards for his first NFL career touchdown. In 2005, Peek started in every game for the first time in his career. He finished the season with 57 tackles and his career-high six sacks was the second highest on the team. The start of the 2006 season was frustrating for Peek as he missed the first five games with an injury. However, he appeared in the final 11 games and finished the season with 13 tackles.

Paragraph 10: The conventional Faraday cup is applied for measurements of ion (or electron) flows from plasma boundaries and comprises a metallic cylindrical receiver-cup – 1 (Fig. 1) closed with, and insulated from, a washer-type metallic electron-suppressor lid – 2 provided with the round axial through enter-hollow of an aperture with a surface area .  Both the receiver cup and the electron-suppressor lid are enveloped in, and insulated from, a grounded cylindrical shield – 3 having an axial round hole coinciding with the hole in the electron-suppressor lid – 2. The electron-suppressor lid is connected by 50 Ω RF cable with the source   of variable DC voltage . The receiver-cup is connected by 50 Ω RF cable through the load resistor  with a sweep generator producing saw-type pulses . Electric capacity     is formed of the capacity of the receiver-cup – 1 to the grounded shield – 3 and the capacity of the RF cable. The signal from  enables an observer to acquire an I-V characteristic of the Faraday cup by oscilloscope. Proper operating conditions:   (due to possible potential sag) and , where  is the ion free path. Signal from  is the Faraday cup I-V characteristic  which can be observed and memorized by oscilloscope

Paragraph 11: After New Orleans, David Farragut's force moved up the Mississippi, and Terry was present when the salt water fleet ran the gauntlet at Vicksburg and joined Flag Officer Charles Henry Davis' riverine fleet above the Confederate stronghold. In January 1863, Terry was promoted to lieutenant commander. On March 14, his ship joined others of the fleet in bombarding the batteries surrounding Port Hudson so that Farragut could dash past them and establish a blockade cutting the Confederacy's Red River supply line. In his last major engagement, the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864, Terry helped to close the last major Confederate port on the Gulf of Mexico.

Paragraph 12: Round Lake National Natural Landmark lies within Green Lakes State Park, which lies a few miles east of the city of Syracuse, New York and adjoining the village of Fayetteville. Round Lake itself and the adjoining  of old-growth forest were designated a National Natural Landmark in 1973 by the U.S. Department of the Interior. Hubert W. Vogelmann, a professor of botany at the University of Vermont, wrote the evaluation to the National Park Service that concurred with the recommendation of National Natural Landmark status for the region around Round Lake. Vogelmann's evaluation noted the "outstanding virgin mesophytic forest" adjoining Round Lake on its southwestern side; this text became part of the citation when the landmark was created. Vogelmann also noted Round Lake's importance as an extremely rare, "meromictic" lake. It shares this distinction with Green Lake, which lies a few hundred meters to the east.

Paragraph 13: The current church was built on the foundations  of a metropolitan cathedral demolished in the first decade of the 6th century by the barbarian invasions that brought the early Slavs into the region. The next church was built during the First Bulgarian Empire, after the official conversion to Christianity. Some sources date the building of the church during the rule of Knyaz Boris I (852 – 889). It was basically rebuilt in the last decade of the 10th century as a patriarchal cathedral in the form of a dome basilica, after the replacement of the capital of Bulgaria in Ohrid, during the reign of Tsar Samuil, when the church was the seat of the Bulgarian Patriarchate, an autocephalous Patriarchate. Later it became a seat of the Archbishopric of Ohrid, under the Patriarchate of Constantinople until the 18th century.

Paragraph 14: In the early 1990s the Autococker quickly rose to become one of the most popular markers used by top professional teams, used by such teams as Bob Long's original Ironmen. Although heavily criticized for reliability and a number of design defects, it proved to be an easy platform to work off and aftermarket parts soon appeared shortly after its inception. One of the most fundamental and important upgrades was the Palmer "Rock" low pressure regulator (LPR) to replace the troublesome stock LPR. With a variety of options appearing for parts, Belsales in the UK became the first company to build WGP-certified aftermarket cockers, called "Evolution" in 1993. Throughout the remainder of the 1990s, dozens of shops ranging from large notables such as Dave Youngblood Enterprises (Dye), Shocktech, Planet Eclipse, Belsales and FreeFlow down to small one man pro-shop operations made a business of servicing and customizing Autocockers with price tags of nearly $2000 for high-end models. A combination of performance, upgradeability and cosmetic options made it one of the top tournament markers of the 90's. Only the Automag rivaled it in popularity until electronic markers appeared. Indeed, the autococker was so ubiquitous that its barrel threading became one of the most commonly used standards on high-end markers (akin to how firearm cartridge sizes are often named for the first popular gun model or manufacturer to use them). To this day, most high-end markers, and many entry-level as well, accept barrels with "autococker threads".

Paragraph 15: Act 2: The second act opens with a flashback sequence of Ceci, Misha, Rene and Alvaro pretending to be ants when they were kids. Within this dream-like flashback sequence, the shadows of Alvaro and Rene kiss behind a sheet. After this the play returns to present reality and Rosa gives Misha a gold Cross pen because she feels guilty for not being able to stop Claudio from beating him up. Rosa then takes Lydia shopping, and also, it is later revealed, to see about getting her papers so she can stay in America legally.  Alvaro visits again and another flashback occurs, in which Ceci asks Alvaro to be her first dance at her Quinceanera after her father's dance. She also wants to know what he and Rene are planning to do that night and she wants to come, but Alvaro won't tell her and says she cannot come. Ceci then professes her love for Alvaro and they kiss. Returning to the present, Rosa returns with Lydia and Rene. Alvaro gives Rene a jacket he bought him in Vietnam, then lets it slip that he loves him. Rene gets extremely angry and reveals that he saw Lydia and Claudio making love. Rosa and Misha ask what is actually going on between Rene and Alvaro. Lydia says that Ceci will tell them what actually happened the night of the accident, and proceeds to "translate" for Ceci. There are moments when Ceci speaks for herself, but to the family everything is coming from Lydia. Ceci tells the story through Lydia of that night, where she says she snuck into the back seat of Rene's car, wanting to surprise Alvaro when Rene picked him up. She heard Alvaro get into the car, and then heard them kissing and Alvaro saying that they should go to the border like they always do. Rene and Alvaro made love in the front seat of the car as Ceci listened from the back, getting angrier and angrier because she was in love with Alvaro too. When they were done and started to drive away, she jumped up screaming at Rene. She started pummeling him over the head so he couldn't see where he was driving, and the car swerved and crashed into the telephone pole.  Rosa is completely shocked at this story, and after Rene admits it is true, he throws the jacket Alvaro gave him on the ground and leaves the house, never to return. Rosa whispers something to Alvaro and he goes to Lydia's room and pulls her out of the house to Misha's protestations. She will be sent back to Mexico as an illegal immigrant. After Alvaro leaves with Lydia, Claudio enters and Rosa and him go to bed together. Misha is left alone with Ceci, and he goes to give her her physical therapy. She struggles and is able to say his name once. Then she guides his fingers under her dress. He reluctantly does what he knows she wants and in her ecstasy Ceci sets the pull tab of her blanket on her tongue and swallows it.

Paragraph 16: Well-appreciated as a teacher, Fran Lhotka soon stood out for his compositions as well. He arrived in Zagreb when the European music of transition of the first two decades of the 20th century was in full swing. The oeuvres of Dora Pejačević, Josip Hatze and Blagoje Bersa were part of the new profiling of Croatian modernism. Lhotka found himself in the midst of the revolutionary Western European novelties and freedoms typified by the works of Arnold Schönberg, Igor Stravinsky, Anton Webern, Béla Bartók and Alexander Scriabin and of the increasing dominance of the “national course” in music. At the time when writing in the spirit of folk music confirmed that a composer belonged to a national culture, and was committed to its development, Lhotka found himself inspired by the folk music of this country, gracefully incorporating it into his compositional principles, which had developed out of the best Czech tradition. As well as choral works and arrangements of folk songs that he wrote almost entirely for the needs of performing practice, arrangements of works of other composers, solo songs, cantatas and chamber music, it seems that he was most attracted by orchestral, and even more by stage, music. His works for orchestra, his two operas (Minka and More / The Sea), his film music (documentaries and features, among which the last was Svoga tela gospodar / Master of his Own Body), and a number of ballet works were the mainstay of his creative work. He achieved particular successes with ballets created in association with Pia and Pino Mlakar, both of them dancers and choreographers. With them he produced Đavo u selu, balada o jednoj srednjovjekovnoj ljubavi / Devil in the Village, Ballad of a Middle Aged Love and The Bow. In fact, Devil in the Village was so omnipresent on the stage that it seemed to epitomise the Croatian ballet. After it was first performed in 1935 in the City Theatre in Zurich, the media wrote of “a real celebration”, ”an outstanding success”, “great charm” and “virtuoso use of orchestration” . It had equal success when it was first performed in Zagreb on 3 April 1937. How successful it was can be seen from further performances Europe-wide: Karlsruhe, Prague, Munich, Hamburg, Berlin, Frankfurt, Dresden, Vienna, Genoa, Sofia, Athens and Salzburg. Lhotka's masterfully orchestrated score was often praised as a complete achievement on its own, just as impressive without the visual stimulus (in 1939 Lhotka made two orchestral suites from the ballet, as he did from other stage music of his). It is not surprising then that most of his music remained in the shadow of Devil in the Village.

Paragraph 17: The military activities of Demosthenes are first recorded from 426 BC when he led an Athenian invasion of Aetolia. This was a failure. Demosthenes lost about 120 Athenians along with his second-in-command, Procles.  Demosthenes' allies also suffered heavy losses. As a result of this loss, Demosthenes did not return to Athens, fearing for his life. However, later that year, Ambracia invaded Acarnania. The Acarnanians sought help from Demosthenes, who was now patrolling the coast of the Ionian Sea with twenty Athenian ships. He landed at Olpae and defeated a Spartan army under Eurylochus, which had come to assist the Ambraciots. Eurylochus was killed in the Battle of Olpae and the Acarnanians and Ambraciots signed a peace treaty.

Paragraph 18: His lack of success led Hamon to accept a job as a designree in the Sèvres porcelein factory, but an enamelled casket designed by him attracted notice at the London International Exhibition of 1851. He received a medal, and, inspired by his success, left his post to try his chances again at the Salon of 1852. "La Comédie humaine", which he then exhibited, turned the tide of his fortune, and Ma sœur n'y est pas (purchased by the emperor Napoleon III) obtained for its author a third-class medal in 1853. At the Paris International Exhibition of 1855, when Hamon re-exhibited the casket of 1851, together with several vases and pictures of which L'Amour et son troupeau, Ce n'est pas moi, and Une Gardeuse d'enfants were the most important, he received a second class medal and the ribbon of the legion of honor.

Paragraph 19: The Diocese of Moray was a regional bishopric  unlike the pre-eminent see of the Scottish church, St Andrews, which had evolved from a more ancient monastic Celtic church and administered scattered localities. It is uncertain whether there were bishops of Moray before c. 1120  but the first known prelate—possibly later translated to Dunkeld—was Gregory (or Giric, in Gaelic) and was probably bishop in name only. Gregory was a signatory to the foundation charter of Scone Priory, issued by Alexander I (Alaxandair mac Maíl Choluim) between December 1123 and April 1124, and again in a charter defining the legal rights of the same monastery. He is recorded for the last time when he witnessed a charter granted by David I to Dunfermline Abbey in c. 1128. These actions are all that is known of Gregory with no basis for later assertions that he was a promoted monk in a 'Pictish Church'. After the suppression of Óengus of Moray's rebellion in 1130, King David must have regarded the continued existence of a bishopric in Moray as essential to the stability of the province. Yet the next bishop was the absentee titular bishop William (1152–1162), King David's chaplain who had probably been an aide since 1136 and had likely done little to improve the stability of the see by the time he died in 1162. Felix was the next bishop and is thought to have been prelate from 1166 to 1171 although no accurate dates are known—details of his tenure are almost unknown with only one appearance as a witness in a charter of William the Lion at his court held in Elgin.  Following Felix's death, Simon de Toeni, King William's kinsman and a former abbot of Coggeshall, in Essex became the next bishop.  Bishop Simon was the first of the early bishops to adopt a hands-on attitude towards his diocese and was said to be buried in Birnie Kirk, near Elgin, after his death on 17 September 1184 although this suggestion first appeared in the 18th century.  He was followed by Richard of Lincoln, once again a royal clerk, and one who struggled to build up the revenues of the bishopric during and after the insurgence of Domnall mac Uilleim (Donald MacWilliam).  Richard is regarded as the first significant resident bishop of the see.

Paragraph 20: The conservatory consists of a vestibule, four display halls and fifteen propagating and growing houses. The vestibule and Palm House were built and opened to the public in 1892 and contain giant palms and rubber trees, including a 15 m (50 ft) fiddle-leaf rubber tree planted in 1891. The  Palm House, has a display of more than twelve different types of palms. The most unusual palms include Dwarf Sugar, Bottle, Fiji Fan, and Everglade palms. Some of the most recognized palms include the pygmy date plan and the coconut palm due to its fruit. Furthermore, this large house also includes plants that produce food: banana plants, a grapefruit tree, orange trees, papaya plants, a coffee tree, and a cacao tree, among others. The Palm House contains  Garden Figure, a sculpture by Frederick Hibbard. The Fern Room or Fernery, approximately five and a half feet below grade, was opened in 1895. It contains plants of the forest floor, primarily a vast collection of ferns and one of the most historical plants, the cycads. Fossils of these plants date back at least 250 million years. These plants are similar to conifers and the ginkgo tree rather than palm trees. The Tropical Room was originally called the stove house. Opened in 1895, it contained an assortment of tropical plants suspended from bark-covered walls. It is now called the Orchid Room and has a collection of approximately 25,000 natural species. This room contains hundreds of orchids, bromeliads and a few tropical carnivorous plants. Orchids, just like bromeliads, get their water from the humidity in the room. The Display House or The Show House is used for seasonal flower exhibits. The "Spring Flower Show"  starts on January 21 and ends on May 13. Following that show is the "Tropical Summer Show" that starts on June 2 and runs through September 23rd. Finally, the year ends with the "Winter Flow and Train Show" that runs starts on November 24 and ends on January 6.

Paragraph 21: The Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 made allowance for the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary, known in German as k.u.k. (based on German for "Emperor and King"). The twin cities underwent rapid growth and expansion, and finally formally merged. In 1870, under Prime Minister Gyula Andrássy, the Metropolitan Board of Public Works (modeled on the London Metropolitan Board of Works) was created to develop more stringent standards for construction and a long-term plan for the city. While competing with Vienna, the country's resources were concentrated in Budapest (e.g. through tax breaks) Its favourable transport-geographical position was reinforced by the radially built road and rail network. Conscious urban development began with the establishment of the Metropolitan Council of Public Works. The Council was composed of aristocrats - Gyula Andrássy and Baron Frigyes Podmaniczky - who planned and proportioned the inner area of Budapest, creating large ring roads and boulevards. The rapid pace of construction resulted in a unified eclectic style for the city centre. Districts with different functions were separated: business, residential and industrial districts were created. Pest was extensively rebuilt based on the model of Paris, with the main artery: Nagykörút (Great Boulevard) and Andrássy Avenue which lead to Heroes' Square and a great park with fountains and lakes. Budapest's millennial anniversary celebrations of the settlement of the Magyars in the region in 1896 brought a fresh rush of construction and development, including the opening of the first line of the Budapest Metro under Andrassy Avenue. The Heroes' Square and Vajdahunyad Castle, located at end of Andrássy Avenue are just two perfect examples of the monumental scale and style that influenced the period. New suburbs were created to make room and house the rapidly growing and financially expanding population, which by now was predominantly Magyar, although there developed a sizable German as well as a Jewish community due to immigration to the city.  In texts from around that period, Budapest was commonly rendered as "Buda-Pesth" (or "Budapesth") in English. 

Paragraph 22: Itoi thought of the concept behind Mother 3 towards the end of Mother 2 production, a "detective story where the city was the main character". He thought of a hack, small-time, womanizing private investigator who would become engrossed in a big murder case, and the story would unfold from a young female clerk at a flower shop who would slowly recall parts of a story consequential to the plot. Thus, the city would appear to grow. This idea of a "single place changing over time" was central to Mother 3. Unlike previous RPGs, which he saw as "road movies" with little reason to revisit, he wanted the player to see the town gossip grow dynamically. It was enough of a departure from the series that the development team questioned whether fans would consider it part of the series. Itoi intended the game to have 12 chapters with various game mechanics and rotating player-characters. He conceptualized the development as moving 3D puppets before realizing the degree of programming required. As development wore on, Itoi reduced the scope of the chapters until seven or nine were left. The "uncomfortable beauty" of chimera—multiple creatures fused into one—was central to the game and the idea behind the metallic and wooden Mother 3 logo. Itoi served less of a manager role and more as a team member and scriptwriter than in previous Mother development cycles. He saw himself as simultaneously making the game he wanted to play and setting traps for the player, and as making a game Nintendo could not.

Paragraph 23: The Supreme Court's decision in Bilski v. Kappos affirmed but sharply qualified the Federal Circuit's 2008 en banc decision in In re Bilski. The decision announced a "machine-or-transformation" test of patent eligibility that, if it had been accepted as the exclusive for process patents, would have made ineligible many business-method patents granted in the last decade. Although the Supreme Court rejected its exclusive use, the test is still important as a "useful and important clue" for determining patent eligibility of claimed process inventions. Under this test: first, processes that transform an article from one state or thing to another are patent eligible regardless of whether their use requires a machine. Processes involving transformation of abstract financial data, such as that claimed in machine format in State Street, are probably patent ineligible. Second, processes that do not make patent-eligible transformations are patent eligible only if they are claimed to be carried out with a "particular machine." It appears that a programmed general-purpose digital computer is not a particular machine, for this purpose. It is unclear from Bilski whether a particular machine must be novel and nonobvious, and specially adapted for carrying out the new process.  The Supreme Court's decision in Parker v. Flook seems to call for that, but the Bilski court did not choose to opine on this point at that time.

Paragraph 24: Barnett was the sole state premier opposed to Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's key Health reform policy deal at the April 2010 COAG meeting. Barnett at the time led the only Liberal State Government in Australia, while all others states were led by Labor Governments. The reasoning for Barnett's strong opposition towards the reform was because it would require the State Governments to forfeit a proportion of their GST revenue. The Rudd Government's proposal was that 30 per cent of the GST revenue pool was to be dedicated towards the Commonwealth's contribution for hospital services, which had a disproportionate impact on those States receiving a less than per capita share of the GST pool (for Western Australia, this would have resulted in an estimated 64 per cent of GST revenue being forfeit). Barnett had already been angered that Western Australia was given a decreased 7.1 percent amount of the GST revenue (lower than last year's revenue amount of 8.1 percent) while Western Australia is a state that will be heavily relied upon for the nation's economic growth due to its booming resource sector. Western Australia therefore would be heavily dependent on GST revenue to fund major resource sector projects although they would not be supported by GST revenue, thus becoming extensive expenditure for the state.

Paragraph 25: Tatanka was suspended on August 30, reportedly as a preemptive measure for being named in a lawsuit to be filed by a woman stemming from an incident in Anaheim, California, following a WWF event in late 1994. According to sources, the woman was said to have been drugged, sodomized and her head shaved on only one side. Kevin Nash reiterated this story in an interview with Kayfabe Commentaries. The woman was having drinks with him and Undertaker the night prior. When the wrestlers were leaving the hotel the following morning, Nash noticed that she was seated in between two police officers. The hallway was smeared in blood. She had half her head shaven as she was crying, reporting the incident to the officers. In the interview, however, Nash presumed the person who did this was Jimmy Del Ray because of similar stories of Del Ray. During representation by Tatanka's attorney the facts showed that Tatanka was not involved in the incident at all and Del Ray was fired from the company; Tatanka's suspension was lifted and he returned with full-pay to the active WWF roster. As Nash noted in his interview, he knew that Tatanka was not involved at all, but he had been around Del Ray that night, which caused Tatanka to also be named and unfairly suspended.

Paragraph 26: Yılmaz Güney was born in 1937 in the village of Yenice in Adana province. His father, Hamit, who was from Siverek in Şanlıurfa province, moved to Yenice after both of his brothers were murdered. His mother was from Varto in Muş province. His parents migrated to Adana to work as labourers in the cotton fields and the young Yılmaz grew up surrounded by the Kurdish working class. Besides working in the fields he had several other jobs including movie delivery boy, horse-cart driver and writing short stories for a local magazine. His first article was published in August 1955 and his first poem a week later while he was still attending high school. His writing brought him into difficulties with the authorities, especially for a short story he wrote about a person aiming for a better world, which was deemed Communist propaganda and for which he had to stand trial. These experiences laid the ground for his future work which generally focused on a realistic portrayal of the downtrodden and marginalised in Turkish society. In 1957, Güney started studiying law at Istanbul University but was quickly drawn into the film industry in which he already had connections from his time in Adana. In Istanbul he met the novelist Yasar Kemal, who connected him with other people from Adana working in the Istanbul film industry.

Paragraph 27: Route 87 begins at an interchange along U.S. Route 54 (US 54) which is also shared by Route M. The route runs northwest and then curve west just before an abandoned Rock Island railroad crossing. The route continues west until it encounters the intersection with US 54 Business (US 54 Bus.), where it makes a right turn an runs northeast in a concurrency. At the intersection with Manor Drive, Route 87 leaves the concurrency with US 54 Bus. and travels straight north, along the east side of Eldon Model Airpark. The northern trajectory ends at the intersection of Boulder Road where Route 87 makes a right curve and resumes later at the blinker-light intersection with Route P, which leads east to Olean. Further north, it crosses a bridge over South Moreau Creek, and later the Miller–Moniteau county line. Within Moniteau County, and well as much of the route, the surroundings are primarily rural and agricultural, and the highway travels along various hills and ridges. Among the few developed communities, Route 87 travels east of High Point where the closest representation to a major intersection is a blinker-light intersection with Route C. The highway continues to meander through the rural agricultural hills of Central Missouri, until it approaches a partial cloverleaf interchange with US 50, the northwest quadrant of which includes a decorative welcome sign for California. North of there, Route 87 is named Oak Street. The route doesn't officially enter California until between the intersections with Kevin Street and Quail Hollow Road. With a few exceptions, the surroundings along Route 87 are primarily residential until the road approaches U.S. Route 50 Bus. Continuing through downtown California, it later it crosses a pair of railroad lines formerly owned by Missouri Pacific Railroad. At Main Street, Route 87 makes a right turn and Oak Street becomes Route O. It then travels along Main Street for two blocks, then turns north again at East Street. North of Walnut Street, the route curves northeast as it leaves the city limits and becomes Jamestown Road, resuming its run through the rural hills of Moniteau County. It travels through Kliever, and later crosses a bridge over Moniteau Creek. The highway enters Jamestown just as it curves to the west at South Mill Street (Route AA), then at the intersection with West Row Street joins up in a concurrency with Route 179. The two highways turn out of town back to the north and later the northwest. After the end of the concurrency with Route 179, Route 87 curves to the west. Between the intersections of two dirt roads, Homestead Road and Splice Creek Drive, it crosses the Moniteau–Cooper county line and enters Prairie Home. Shortly after the intersection with Route D, it turns northwest again, gradually curving toward the north after leaving that community and running through rural Cooper County.

Paragraph 28: Rebecca Mader's audition scene was a fake flashback and she was disappointed that it was not used for the show.  The character's name was spoiled months in advance of broadcast.  Charlotte was originally envisioned as an American; however, the writers preferred Mader's natural English accent to her fake American accent and they changed Charlotte accordingly.  Lost's writer-producers compared Mader to "a young Nicole Kidman".  During the casting process, Charlotte was described as a "successful academic".  It was falsely rumored that Kristen Bell was offered the role of Charlotte; Bell had actually spoken to the producers about having a part; however, no role was offered to her.  Despite never having seen Lost, Mader decided that she "was not going to leave [the auditioning] room until [she] made [Lindelof and Cuse] fall in love with [her]".  Mader subsequently began to watch the first three seasons of Lost and was watching the fourth episode when she received the news that she had been chosen for the role.  In the next two to three weeks, Mader – who was then signed on as a recurring guest star – watched the rest of the first three seasons, watching the third-season finale a matter of hours before she began shooting her first "Confirmed Dead" scene, in which Charlotte meets Locke and his group.  Mader was told little about her character by the writer-producers, except that "she was sort of like a female Indiana Jones type".  Mader has found it challenging but fun to play a character with an unknown backstory and motives.  Charlotte's full name is Charlotte Staples Lewis, which is an homage to the author C.S. Lewis, best known for The Chronicles of Narnia and various books about Christianity.  Lewis was one of Mader's favorite authors as a child and found it "wicked" and "cool" for her character to be named after him.  Mader also enjoyed that she only requires a small amount of hair and makeup done, saying that "I just wanted to rough it.  I wanted to roll around in the mud with a gun."  Mader claims that she has "never had so much fun in [her] life" as when she is shooting Lost. In the episode, Charlotte's birthday is said to be July 2, 1979. This led to a minor continuity error in the fifth-season episode "LaFleur", when Charlotte is depicted as being a little girl in 1974. Executive producers Cuse and Lindelof claimed in a podcast that the original script for "Confirmed Dead" listed Charlotte's birthday as being in 1970 and that Mader had it changed because she did not want people to think she was significantly older than she actually is. This caused a controversy when Mader later stated on her blog that Gregg Nations, the script coordinator, was the one who suggested the change. Cuse and Lindelof later conceded that she was right.

Paragraph 29: Patrice Yvonne Holloway was born on March 23, 1951 in Los Angeles, California, the youngest of three children born to Wade Holloway, Sr. (August 13, 1920 – June 24, 2001) and his wife, the former Johnnie Mae Fossett. Patrice is the younger sister of Motown artist Brenda Holloway. Holloway also had a contract with Motown, recording songs such as "The Touch of Venus" and "For the Love of Mike", none of which were released. She recorded a few minor singles for the Capitol Records label during the mid-1960s, notably "Love And Desire", "Ecstasy" and "Stolen Hours", which became popular on the Northern Soul scene in the 1970s. She sang background vocals with her sister on many records for other artists, including Joe Cocker and the Grease Band's 1968 cover version of The Beatles' "With a Little Help from My Friends", later the theme song to the 1980s television series The Wonder Years. Patrice also recorded the soul classic, "Stay With Your Own Kind", which was noteworthy for its direct treatment of inter-racial relationships at a time when this was highly controversial. Patrice also co-wrote 'You've Made Me So Very Happy', which in 1969 rose to No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 when the band Blood Sweat & Tears covered it, two years after it was co-written and originally recorded by her sister Brenda.

Paragraph 30: The Springfield Union newspaper of September 6, 1932 quoted Doolittle as saying, "She is the sweetest ship I've ever flown. She is perfect in every respect and the motor is just as good as it was a week ago. It never missed a beat and has lots of stuff in it yet. I think this proves that the Granville brothers up in Springfield build the very best speed ships in America today." Another Springfield paper of the same date quoted Doolittle as saying, "The ship performed admirably. She was so fast that there was no need of my taking sharp turns although if the competition had been stiffer I would have. I just hope Russell Boardman can take her out soon and bring her in for a new record. There were lots of things we might have adjusted more properly if we had had time to run tests with the ship, and they would have meant more speed. I am sure Russell Boardman can take her around at quite a bit more than 300 miles an hour so you see my record may not last long after all." 