Paragraph 1: The most important monuments are in the chancel and the chapel.  Behind the altar is the free-standing tomb chest of Sir Thomas St. Pol, who died in 1588, and his wife.  On the sides of the chest are pilasters decorated with acanthus leaves, and the panels between them contain shields with wreaths.  On top of the chest are effigies of a man and a woman.  The man is dressed in plate armour and is holding a sword and a prayer book. His head rests on a helmet, his feet on a cushion.  The woman is wearing a long dress, a cloak and a hat, and is holding a Bible.  Above them is a canopy carried by six pillars.  The entablature is decorated with an egg and dart frieze.  On the top of the canopy, above each pillar, is the statue of a weeping figure.  In the centre is an altar, in front of which is a kneeling female figure, and on the top is a male figure, also kneeling.  The whole monument is painted and gilded.  On the north side of the chapel is the tomb of Sir George St. Pol, who died in 1613, and his wife.  On the side of the tomb are three niches.  The central niche contains a carving of Sir George's daughter, and the lateral niches have mourning putti.  On the tomb are two recumbent effigies, each lying on their right side, propped on an elbow.  The nearer effigy is a female in mourning dress with a ruff and a hat, holding a prayer book.  Behind in a higher position on a step is a male figure in plate armour, holding a sword.  The effigies are contained in a semicircular-headed recess, the archivolt of which is decorated with roses.  The back wall has an inscribed panel surrounded by scrolls and memento mori.  At the sides are pillars supporting a frieze and an entablature.  On top of the monument are flaming urns, an achievement of arms, shields and obelisks.  In the north wall of the chapel is an alabaster painted and gilded plaque to Robert Rich, 1st Earl of Warwick who died in 1619.  It contains a circular medallion carved with the head and shoulders of the deceased, behind which is the profile of his wife.  On each side are pilasters, and above is an entablature  carrying a coat of arms and heraldic supporters.  Underneath is a panel inscribed with a poem.  This memorial is thought to have been made by Epiphanius Evesham.  Elsewhere, on the east wall of the chapel and the south wall of the chancel, are brass memorial plaques.

Paragraph 2: Dr. Rex sends her to Professor Sigmund Friend, who claims that the Transformation is justified as it has led to the end of war and hate in society, along with many health benefits, in addition to the change in appearance.  When Marilyn protests that she still does not want the procedure, he has Marilyn confined to a hospital room against her will, ostensibly to psychologically examine her and cure her of her reason for refusing the procedure. Marilyn suspects that despite not being legally required, the Transformation is not optional, and is being maintained by the leaders of society to ensure conformity. Her best friend Valerie, who has already undergone the Transformation, shows no emotional reaction to Marilyn's protests, even when she is driven to tears. Marilyn realizes that no one who has undergone the Transformation remains capable of any empathy for or understanding of her. She tries to escape from the hospital, but ends up in the operating room to undergo the Transformation.

Paragraph 3: As a Finnish peculiarity, the law may in some cases provide that a special, out-of-court appeal measure known as "rectification request" (oikaisuvaatimus) be taken before an administrative court may actually hear the case. The rectification request is lodged with the public authority (or private actor using public power) that made the original decision. By means of the request, the authority may double-check its decision (to rule out potential unintentionally incorrect application of law, spelling errors etc.) and possibly modify it, in order that an undisputedly unlawfully made decision need not be settled at court. The rectification process is regulated by the Administrative Procedure Act (434/2003). If the decision is not modified through rectification, an actual appeal may (in most cases) be lodged with the administrative court. That appeals process is regulated by the Administrative Judicial Procedure Act (586/1996). On appeal, the administrative court reviews the legality of the decision of the authority. The appeal may usually be made by an involved person, or by another authority charged with the supervision of public interest in the matters of its jurisdiction. Depending on the type of the case and the laws involved, the review by the administrative court may cover only the formal legality of the authority's procedure, but it may extend to the actual appropriateness of the decision. If the authority in question is overturned, the administrative court issues a decision in the case or submits it back to the authority for further consideration of facts. If the appellant or the authority is discontent with the decision of the administrative court, it is possible to appeal to the Supreme Administrative Court.  The proceedings are chiefly written, but if the case requires, the administrative courts may conduct surveys, hold oral proceedings, hear witnesses, experts or involved parties, or receive opinions from other authorities.

Paragraph 4: George Walton Academy was founded in 1969 during school desegregation in Good Hope, Georgia. It is now located in Monroe, Georgia and serves PK-12th grades with a student-teacher ratio of 10:1. According to brigadier general, author, and GWA alumnus Ty Seidule, the school was founded for one purpose: "Ensure white kids didn't have to go to school with Black kids." Initially, the school was located in Good Hope, Georgia, where the school took over the facilities of two public schools, the previously all-white Good Hope School and the previously all-black Good Hope-Peters School. In 1975, the school moved from Good Hope to Monroe.

Paragraph 5: Reviewing for Rolling Stone in December 1970, Jon Landau said that Sly Stone's style is "so infinite and revolves around so many crucial aspects that it has only come together perfectly on a handful of his singles", the best of which are compiled on Greatest Hits. Although he found occasionally "trite" music and lyrics, Landau felt that most of the songs "alone stand as a tribute to one of the most original and creative rock musicians." In the March 1971 edition of Ebony, Phyl Garland hailed it as among the best recent "best of" LPs and "a true bonanza" of psychedelic soul, recommended especially for fans of the genre. In Christgau's Record Guide: Rock Albums of the Seventies (1981), Robert Christgau said that, although he has "doubts" about the band's studio albums, Greatest Hits is "among the greatest rock and roll LPs of all time", adding that Stone's political songs are "uplifting but never simplistic or sentimental". He also asserted that the music's flashy stereo separations, vocal sounds, and register alterations made Greatest Hits "the toughest commercial experiments in rock and roll history".

Paragraph 6: On 12 June, Real Madrid named Julen Lopetegui, the head coach of the Spain national team, as their new manager. It was announced that he would officially begin his managerial duties after the 2018 FIFA World Cup. However, the Spain national team sacked Lopetegui a day prior to the tournament, stating that he had negotiated terms with the club without informing them. The club then began aggressively re-shaping the squad in the summer of 2018, which included the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Juventus for a reported €117 million. Madrid began their 2018–19 campaign by losing to Atlético Madrid 2–4 a.e.t. in the 2018 UEFA Super Cup. After a disgraceful 1–5 loss to Barcelona in El Clásico on 28 October which left Real Madrid in the ninth place with only 14 points after 10 games, Lopetegui was dismissed a day later and replaced by then Castilla coach, Santiago Solari. On 22 December 2018, Real Madrid beat Al Ain by a 4–1 margin in the FIFA Club World Cup final. With their win, Real Madrid became the outright record winners of the Club World Cup with four titles. They are considered to have been the world champions for grand total of seven times because FIFA officially recognizes the Intercontinental Cup as the predecessor of the FIFA Club World Cup. They also extended the record for most consecutive titles with their third in a row. Solari won 10 out his first 13 La Liga matches, but the team started to struggle again soon after that. First, they were knocked out of the Copa del Rey at the semi-final stage by Barcelona, losing 0–3 at home on 27 February 2019 after a 1–1 away draw in the first leg. Then there was another El Clásico a few days later, this time in the league, and Madrid against lost a home game to Barça, 0–1. Finally, on 5 March 2019, Real was thumped by Ajax 1–4 (3–5 on aggregate) in a home game, crashing out of the Champions League at the round of 16 stage after eight consecutive semi-finals appearances. On 11 March 2019, Real Madrid dismissed Solari and reinstated Zidane as the head coach of the club. Madrid went on to win five, draw two and lose four remaining league matches under Zidane, finishing third with 68 points, 12 losses and a +17 goal difference, making it Real's worst points total since 2001–02 and worst goal difference since 1999–2000. The club won one out of five possible trophies in one of the most disastrous seasons in its modern history.

Paragraph 7: After the match the Auckland team was chosen to play against Australia with Mincham chosen on the wing. The match was played at Carlaw Park on 14 September and before a crowd of 15,000 Auckland went down 16 points to 8. Mincham scored a try and kicked a penalty in the loss. Mincham had seemingly been moved into a more central position as his try was described: "Mincham cut in between (Ross) McKinnon and (Ray) Hines and sent the ball along to Lou Brown. The winger made ground and then whipped an in-pass to Mincham. The centre accepted and finished off a really magnificent effort" which made the score 8–3 in favour of the Australians. He was also involved in a break which eventually led to Bill Telford scoring. The Auckland Star stated after the match that "Mincham was brilliant at centre at times". Mincham was then selected for the New Zealand team to play Australia in the first test. The test was played at Carlaw Park on 28 September and saw New Zealand pull off a shock upset 22-14 before an estimated crowd of 20,000. The win was based largely on New Zealand's defence. With the "backs taken collectively [being] uneven on attack, although some of them, notably (Arthur) Kay, Lou Brown and Mincham, teamed sweetly at times".  Early in the game after Australia had opened the scoring with a try Mincham made "a nice run… on the wing, [which] placed New Zealand in a good position". Minutes later New Zealand attacked further and scored a try to level the scores. Mincham had the opportunity to kick two goals later in the match but he failed to convert either of Brown's tries with the second hitting the upright. Mincham was chosen again to play in the second test which was scheduled for the Wednesday also at Carlaw Park. New Zealand were well beaten 29-8 and Mincham was said to have been "below form on the left wing, and was outwitted time and time again by R. Hines, his vis-s-vis". He also had an opportunity to kick a penalty early in the second half after 3 other kickers had been used but failed. Following the loss Mincham was dropped for the third test and was replaced by his Richmond teammate Alf Mitchell with the Auckland Star saying that he "certainly did not perform satisfactorily". The Herald said that his dropping was "rather surprising, as last Wednesday was the first occasion on which Mincham failed to reveal his best form this season".

Paragraph 8: The Phillies were 47–58, 15 games behind the first-place Nationals, and 10 games behind the second wild card after their series against the Nationals on August 2. The Phillies started the month by taking 2 of 3 from the Arizona Diamondbacks. The game 3 victory was huge for Ryan Howard, who had struggled since coming off his injury. After getting booed by striking out when the game was tied in the 8th inning with the bases loaded, Ryan Howard came through by hitting an RBI single with the bases loaded in the ninth inning to win the game and the series. The victory also put them out of last place in the NL East for the first time since June 27. The Phillies then took 1 of 3 from the Braves, a team that they got swept by in the past 2 series. In game 1 of the series, the Phillies saw their sellout streak end when the Phillies did not have a sell-out crowd. This ended their streak at 257 games, the third-longest sellout streak in MLB history. The Phillies then took 2 of 3 from the St. Louis Cardinals and came back from 3 runs down to win game 3 in extra innings. The Phillies then also took 2 of 3 from the Miami Marlins. The Phillies then split the series at 2–2 against the Milwaukee Brewers and Cincinnati Reds. After their game 4 win against the Reds, the Phillies moved up to third place in the division for the first time since April 12. The Phillies then pulled off a three-game sweep of the Nationals, marking their second three-game sweep of the season. The Phillies would however take just 1 of 3 from the New York Mets. To finish the month, the Phillies would pull off a comeback win against the Braves in game 1 on August 31. The Phillies ended up taking 2 of 3 from that series. They could have swept the series, but the Phillies blew a 7–3 lead in the bottom of the 9th inning in game 3. The Phillies finished August by going 17–12, their best month of the season overall so far. However, Carlos Ruiz, who had been the star of the Phillies with his remarkable performance this season, had to sit out for 4–6 weeks because of a fractured knee that took a beating throughout the month. Ruiz was replaced by Erik Kratz due to catcher Brian Schneider also suffering an injury. This month also saw a huge improvement by Kyle Kendrick. After Charlie Manuel got really disappointed in an awful outing by Kyle in a 12–6 loss when he allowed 6 runs, he has been the hottest Phillies's pitcher since. Right away in his next outing, he shut the Miami Marlins out, allowing no runs. He did the same in his next outing against a normally strong Milwaukee Brewers offense. Although in his next outing Kyle allowed a 2-run home run against the Washington Nationals, Kendrick received his 3rd win in a row when the Phillies won 4–2. Kendrick picked up his fourth win in a row when the Phillies won 3–2 against the New York Mets.

Paragraph 9: He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1872 to the Forty-third Congress.  He has been incorrectly labeled as a slave holder on this page who got incorrect information from an article written by the Washington Post, listing all Slave Holder officials, but unfortunately, that paper is a biased instrument of a group of people trying their hardest to disparage almost every government official who had a part in the first 120 years of this young United States.  There is no documentation to support ownership of slaves by Bigby and frankly his life was busy with education in law and then eventually becoming a judge and then a Republican Congressman for Georgia.  He openly spoke of the common behavior of those in Georgia and the poor reflection they give but makes sure to let the Speaker of the House and its members know that the Republican Party in Georgia sees the issues and is obviously afraid of being lumped in with their views and behavior. Rigby closes his speech with these heart felt feelings about the state he loves but the conflict it presents, "The murmurs of the stream which but a few years ago rolled along in silent grandeur is not hushed by the music of the buys factory. Under the influence of their beneficent sway all the noble impulses of a generous humanity are called into action, and every one, feeling that feedom is his inheritance, strives for a higher place in the scale of an honorable manhood. In this contest the colored man is not indifferent to the claims which society has upon him, nor does he underestimate the boon which the friends of freedom have bestowed upon him. Right nobly has he acted his part since the manacles of slavery were stricken from his limbs, and he sent forth upon the mission of life with all the rights of a citizen and an equal before the law.  Nor is his mind vailed in the night of darkness which the enemies of human liberty would fain have the country believe. It is true, that in the arts and sciences, in polite literature and classic lore, the colored voting population have not yet made much advancement (only seven years has passed since emancipation is why); but they are keenly alive to all duties of good citizenship and fairly comprehend the principles of government upon which the substantial prosperity of the nation depends.  Nor has he, as a general thing, been immodest in his aspirations for positions of honor and trust. In many instances he has been compelled to seek position because there is no one of the more favored race (sarcasm) who would consent to become the exponent of the principles of his party.  It is not strange, therefore, that he has been found in conventions which made organic law, and in Legislatures which enacted the needful laws for the government of the country.  That he is worthy of the elective franchise is abundantly shown by the care and fidelity with which he has exercised it.  And that party (Republican) which conferred it upon him, and which would secure him in its peaceful enjoyment, deserves to live forever in the memory of a grateful people (for what they had done for the country as slaves)."

Paragraph 10: Before the show started, a countdown timer, ticket purchase verification and concert information appeared on the homepage. Pentagon showed a colourful appearance under the four chapters under the keyword 'L:VE', which can be interpreted in various ways. After the end of the countdown, Pentagon opened the stage with intense stages such as "Basquiat", "Gorilla" and "Can You Feel It". After the songs, Pentagon took a breather to interact with their fans as they introduced themselves and greeted fans in various languages such as Japanese, Hindi, French, and German and more. The member apologized saying, "We should have had a concert two weeks ago, but I'm sorry to see you only now. It's a more confusing time than ever. I am really grateful for being able to meet you on the stage like this." Next was, "The Black Hall", a song that had been much requested by their fans for the group to perform. In Chapter II - We L:ve with Color, the group performed unit stages according to the member's personality, starting with a supercool performance by Hui and Shinwon. The duo performed their unreleased self-composed song "WTH", which was unveiled for the first time. The second unit performance was performed by Yuto and Wooseok. They presented a fun hip-hop stage wherein they performed the tracks, "Poison (독)", "Always Difficult Always Beautiful", and "Repeat:II (도돌이표)". Yanan and Hongseok presented a warm winter sensibility with Ailee's "I Will Go to You Like the First Snow". Lastly, Yeo One and Kino showcased a rendition of Taemin's "Move". On this day, Jinho, a member who enlisted in the military in May, watched the performance online and communicated in real time through comments, giving a different fun and impression. Jinho showed off his strong friendship by sending passionate support to each stage of the Pentagon. Fans also responded with comments, and held comment events such as 'I love Pentagon' and 'We are always with Pentagon'. Next, Pentagon start with a classroom skit during Chapter III - We L:ve Young, where Pentagon members introduced themselves, including member Jinho to their teacher Yeo One and their new classmate Kino. They continued to present stages with their hit songs from "Happiness" (Korean version), "Shine", "Naughty Boy" and "Spring Snow". During Chapter IV - We L:ve on Stage, the group expressed the meaning of 'stage' means to them. Hui expressed that the stage is not just his workplace but also his battlefield where he feels most pressured and where he has the most hardships and where it brings him the greatest pain. The stage is also a place that brings me the greatest happiness, as well as the greatest joy and achievements. It is a space where contradicting emotions exist". In this section, Pentagon performed never-before-seen "Paradise (별이 빛나는 이 밤)" and "You Like" as well as "Sha La La" and "Daisy". Before the final chapter We L:ve in Universe, a special video "To Universe" with words from Pentagon for their fans was displayed. Next was "Nostalgia" as an encore song where they showed the unibong choreography made by member Kino. During this stage, they were surprised by the fans from across the globe joined and sang along with them. Concluding the show, Pentagon gave fans a precious gift in the form of a track made by member Kino titled "Eternal Flame".

Paragraph 11: The Walla Walla Sweets went 28-26 in the 2014 season. They missed the playoffs by 2 games to the Yakima Valley Pippins. One of the most memorable nights in that season was a cool summer's night, the game was going in Kitsap's favor with a score of 2-1 in the top of the 4th inning, a runner on 2nd, Copper Hummel catching, and 2 outs, the pitch was delivered and the runner went. Hummel went to throw the ball but the backswing of the batter hit Hummel making him throw the ball all the way in to the mid-right outfield, the runner rounded 3rd and scored, the ruling should have been batter interference, the batter making the 3rd out and ending the inning but, the umpire never called batter interference, this in-turn caused a major uproar in the crowd and players. Head Coach J.C. Biagi went to go talk to the umpire but then retreated to the dugout but, before Biagi could get back Pitching Coach Mark Michaud yelled from the dugout "GET THE CALL RIGHT UMP'!" The argument with Michaud lasted about 5 minutes before Michaud was ejected and, left the field of play. Later in the game, Mikey Duarte was up to bat and turned to have the upcoming pitch hit his back instead of his side and he did get hit by the pitch. Now, in baseball if you get hit by the pitch you are awarded a walk to first base but, in some High School and Collegiate leagues, if the batter made no attempt to get out of the way of the pitch they are not awarded their base, the WCL is not one of these leagues. The umpire told Duarte to get back to the plate and finish his at-bat because he never got out of the pitch's way. Biagi got out of the dugout to complain to the umpire, except this Biagi got ejected and took 7 minutes to leave the field of play. One of the spectators claim from the crowd was "FORGET THE UMPIRES CODE AND MAKE THE RIGHT CALL!" The Umpires Code is a code between umpires where the other umpires will back up the umpire who made the call no matter how bad it was. Biagi and Michaud's appeal did not go their way and both were suspended for 4 games. After a five year run that included winning the Eastern division twice and one appearance in the WCL Championships, as well as impacting the community in so many ways through camps, business connections and leadership programs for children manager J.C. Biagi and pitching coach Mark Michaud stepped down. Biagi went to pursue other interests, while Michaud still lives in Walla Walla and is a full-time teacher in Milton Freewater where he also coaches boys basketball at McCloughlin High School. During the off-season, the Sweets hired Frank Mutz, former MLB pitcher, as the new head coach for 2015. The sweets averaged 1,188 fans a night drawing in 36,823 fans in 31 regular season games.

Paragraph 12: Later, the village head, with the support and testimonies of some villagers of the instances which had Anji (Nithiin) doing unreal things, holds Anji (Nithiin) responsible for the death of the black magician and tries to kill him, claiming that he is performing black magic. But this is stopped by the head priest, who pleads the village head to not kill Anji (Nithiin) and asks him to just expel him out of the village as a punishment. Anji (Nithiin) gets expelled out of the village, but he does not care and comes again to the village. He is stopped by the villagers, but some of them start bowing down to Anji for the support he got from Lord Hanuman. Anji (Nithiin), unable to get their point, questions them and happens to realize that the Anji (Arjun) who has been with him all these days was not visible to any other villager except him. He even tells many instances which had Anji (Arjun) with him performing unreal things. But all the villagers say that they have not seen anyone with the name Anji beside Anji (Nithiin) all these days. Later, Anji (Nithiin) realizes through the head priest that the one with the name Anji (Arjun) who has been with him all the time was none other than Lord Hanuman. Anji (Nithiin) ultimately gets shocked and realizes his mistake. He hits his head with a brick in front of Lord Hanuman's statue out of remorse and falls unconscious. He witnesses Lord Hanuman instructing him to build the dam and name it as Seethamma Thalli Dam. Anji (Nithiin) starts doing so, but the village head once again tries to kill him. This time, Lord Hanuman helps Anji (Nithiin) and beats up the villains. Finally, Anji (Nithiin), with the help of the villagers, completes the dam, thereby fulfilling his parents' dream of constructing the dam.

Paragraph 13: While sharing much of its body with the Montclair, the Turnpike Cruiser was distinguished by several exterior design features.  Although not legalized across the entire United States until 1958, "Quadri-Beam" dual headlamps were fitted as standard equipment (the only 1957 Mercury to do so, as well as one of very few cars from that year to be equipped as such); for states that still allowed the use of single headlights only, the Turnpike Cruiser also used the then-standard singles setup.  In place of contrasting paint, the scalloped tailfins were gold-anodized.  Distinguished by its retractable "Breezeway" rear window, the Turnpike Cruiser received a separate roofline, along with a windshield curving into the roof; the windshield was among the first to use tint to reduce solar glare.  As a consequence of the compound-curve design of the windshield, Mercury added rooftop ventilation intakes to the Turnpike Cruiser to cover a body seam, and unusually in a secondary function, each intake also housed a fake radio antenna, as the functional radio antenna was mounted on the passenger side front fender.  Coupled with the retractable rear window, the Turnpike Cruiser was among the first cars to offer flow-through ventilation; air conditioning and power side windows were additional cost options.  For 1958, the Turnpike Cruiser adapted the styling changes of the Montclair and Monterey, shifting the grilles into the front bumper.  The rear fascia multiple changes, as the gold-anodized trim was removed from the scalloped fins; "rocket-style" taillamps were added.  To distinguish the model line from the Montclair (and Park Lane), the Turnpike Cruiser was given gold trim for its badging (including the Mercury "M" grille badge).

Paragraph 14: The second single was nevertheless a huge country/pop success and later that year, Colter launched a nationwide tour as part of Waylon Jennings' program at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium. In 1976 Colter released her second and third Capitol studio albums, Jessi and Diamond in the Rough. Both albums were as successful as Colter's 1975 album, both debuting at No. 4 on the Top Country Albums chart. The lead single from her Jessi album, "It's Morning (And I Still Love You)" was a Top 15 country hit in 1976 on the country charts. Her second album that year, Diamond in the Rough produced only one charting single, "I Thought I Heard You Calling My Name". At this point, Colter had established herself as a big-selling "albums artist," rather than a casual honky-tonk hitmaker, given that her talents were far more inclined to soul-rock than to mundane country music. For the remainder of the decade, Colter toured with her husband, Waylon Jennings, and released her studio album Mirriam in 1977. She then released her next album, That's the Way a Cowboy Rocks and Rolls the following year. Her success began to decline through the remainder of the decade, with her final two albums of the decade not producing any Top 40 country hits.

Paragraph 15:   RKO gave Holt his first lead in the B-film The Rookie Cop. It was popular, and RKO put him in The Girl and the Gambler opposite Leo Carrillo. He was then cast as the romantic lead for the studio's biggest star, Ginger Rogers, in 5th Avenue Girl (1939). It was popular and the Los Angeles Times said Holt "does unusually well in this", although the New York Times thought he "seems a trifle young to be running a great corporation".  He was meant to play the eldest son in Three Sons (1939) with Edward Ellis, but he was withdrawn and replaced by William Gargan. He was also meant to star in a Western, Silver City, with Betty Grable, but it was not made.  In early 1940 it was announced Holt and Ginger Rogers would be reunited in an adaptation of The Enchanted Cottage. The film was not made until several years later with different stars. Instead he was assigned to play Fritz Robinson in the studio's expensive adaptation of Swiss Family Robinson (1940). He also played the lead in Laddie (1940); the Los Angeles Times called him "engaging and capable". Swiss Family Robinson was a financial failure and Laddie was not particularly popular.

Paragraph 16: Tsamis started his football career at Panetolikos youth team, at the age of 16. The team's coach at the time, Lukas Aurednik immediately recognized his rich talent and expressed flattering words about the youngster to the club's managers. The following year the coach of the team Sotiris Karpodinis took him to the preparation of the men's team. He played as a substitute in a friendly against Arta and impressed with his performance and thus established himself in the first team. He soon became an international player with the Youth and Hope national teams. A law of the regime at the time that allowed the transfer of players only within a prefecture or in a neighboring prefecture stopped the transfer of Tsamis to a team from Athens. His common spell with Apostolos Toskas in the squads of the youth national teams contributed to his desire to transfer to AEK Athens. When Branko Stanković saw him in a friendly match between Panetolikos and AEK in Agrinio, he immediately suggested his transfer, which took place in an episodic way. The then head of the group, Stamatis Papastamatiou, was forced to flee and hide Tsamis in the houses of friends and acquaintances so that he would not be claimed by the other big clubs. The transfer was completed for around 2.3 million drachmas, a record amount for the time, but the obstacles that kept coming in and delaying the issuance of a sports card to the footballer forced him to stay on the stand for about a year before he played for the first time in the second leg of the UEFA Cup against in Liverpool on November 8, 1972. Tsamis helped the club in the first difficult years, but was also in the golden era of ownership of Loukas Barlos that followed. The team of Barlos and the manager Fadrhonc, where Tsamis was a starter, exceled in Greece and abroad as they progressed to the UEFA Cup semi-final in 1977. winning 2 Championships and 1 Greek Cup including a double in 1978. Tsamis played "box-to-box" and certainly owed a lot to the training of Fadrhonc who worked on his talent and developed him into an ultra-modern footballer. During his spell with the yellow-black jersey he without never received a card, a fact that demonstrates in addition to his footballing acumen and his morals. He always formed a successful duo with his partners in midfield and was one of the most important footballers in the history of the club. In 1980 he left AEK and signed for Korinthos where he ended his career in 1982 at the age of just 31.

Paragraph 17: Mel De Lloyd began his rugby union career playing alongside his brothers at Resolven RFC, aged seventeen he then played alongside Bill Clement for Llanelli RFC, he was spotted by Eddie Waring, and was recommended to rugby league club Warrington, he made his début for Warrington on Saturday 26 September 1936, he played  in Warrington's 8-4 victory over Barrow in the 1937 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1936–37 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 23 October 1937, during World War II he appeared as a guest player for Wakefield Trinity making his début for during March 1941, playing 9-matches up to May 1941, he also he appeared as a guest player Keighley, during a game against Hull F.C. on Saturday 3 January 1942 he was sent off after disputing a decision by the referee, Mr L. Dolby, alleged that De Lloyd had later "struck him", on Wednesday 7 January 1942, the Rugby Football League disciplinary committee suspended De Lloyd indefinitely (sine die), the suspension was lifted 10-months later in October 1942, he resumed playing having missed 14-games, he scored 1-try, 3-conversions, and 3-drop goals for a total of 15-points in the 21-0 victory over Huddersfield in the first leg of the 1943 Yorkshire County Cup semi-final during the 1943–44 season at Lawkholme Lane on Saturday 13 November 1943, during his time at Keighley they appeared in two Yorkshire Cup finals, the only Yorkshire Cup finals that Keighley have appeared in, the 7-10 aggregate defeat (2-5 at Odsal Stadium on Saturday 27 November 1943, and 5-5 at Lawkholme Lane on Saturday 4 December 1943) to Bradford Northern in the 1943 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1943–44 season, and the 3-17 defeat by Wakefield Trinity in the 1951 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1951–52 season at Fartown Ground, Huddersfield on Saturday 27 October 1951, after the war he resumed playing for Warrington, playing his last game for them on Saturday 11 October 1947, he then signed for Keighley in 1947, eventually retiring from playing in 1952, he appears to have scored no drop-goals (or field-goals as they are currently known in Australasia) for Wakefield Trinity, nor Keighley, but prior to the 1974–75 season all goals, whether; conversions, penalties, or drop-goals, scored 2-points, consequently prior to this date drop-goals were often not explicitly documented, therefore '0' drop-goals may indicate drop-goals not recorded, rather than no drop-goals scored. In addition, prior to the 1949–50 season, the archaic field-goal was also still a valid means of scoring points.

Paragraph 18: Morbidity and mortality (M&M) conferences are traditional, recurring conferences held by medical services at academic medical centers, most large private medical and surgical practices, and other medical centers. Their use in psychiatric medicine is less prevalent. Death, deterioration and complications may be unavoidable in some patients due to underlying disease processes. However they may also be associated with errors or omissions in patient care. M&M conferences involve the analysis of adverse outcomes in patient care through peer review. The objectives of a well-run M&M conference are to identify adverse outcomes associated with medical error, to modify behavior and judgment based on previous experiences, and to prevent repetition of errors leading to complications. Conferences are non-punitive and focus on the goal of improved patient care. The proceedings are generally kept confidential by law. M&M conferences occur with regular frequency, often weekly, biweekly or monthly, and highlight recent cases and identify areas of improvement for clinicians involved in the case. They are particularly important for identifying systems issues (e.g., outdated policies, changes in patient identification procedures, arithmetic errors, etc.) which affect patient care.

Paragraph 19: The major challenge for binary XML is to create a single, widely adopted standard. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) published the Fast Infoset standard in 2007 and 2005, respectively. Another standard (ISO/IEC 23001-1), known as Binary MPEG format for XML (BiM), has been standardized by the ISO in 2001. BiM is used by many ETSI standards for digital TV and mobile TV. The Open Geospatial Consortium provides a Binary XML Encoding Specification (currently a Best Practice Paper) optimized for geo-related data (GML) and also a benchmark to compare performance of Fast InfoSet, EXI, BXML and deflate to encode/decode AIXM.

Paragraph 20: Dillon Phillips is twelve years old, and also burdened with a father who is the Prime Minister and has just been voted "Naffest Man in Britain" by his favourite pop magazine. His dad's smarmy and unlikeable spin doctor, Duncan Packer, interferes with everything and the slightest bit of bad behaviour may trigger an international crisis. Dillon's mother, Clare, is a successful businesswoman and has little time for him, while his older sister, Sarah, is annoyingly bossy and dismissive of her brother and his problems: however, the pair do occasionally join forces in order to fight against their oppressive regime, and especially against Packer. At school, Dillon's only real friend is a boy known as 'Geezer', the other boys (a boy known as 'Flash', his main nemesis, in particular) frequently picking on him because of his father's position, especially when the latter shows him up, for example by arriving at the school's sports day in a helicopter. Dillon achieves some solace through imagining himself as a feisty, Jeremy Paxman-style, newsreader and interviewer, constantly interrogating his parents and sister and the odious Packer on matters that impinge on him. Most episodes open and close with these 'fantasy' newsflashes. He also occasionally gets some support from his kindly paternal grandmother, who takes surprisingly little interest in Michael's political career, preferring instead to focus on the achievements of her other son and her grandchildren.

Paragraph 21: Robert first showed up in Port Charles under suspicious circumstances, tracking Luke and Alexandria Quartermaine in search of an ugly black statue called "The Ice Princess" which in reality was a large uncut diamond that had a secret formula which could create carbonic snow, which could either help in medical procedures to fix severe burns or in the wrong hands create world mayhem. For months, Luke and Robert believed each other to be the enemy, but when Luke learned the truth about the Ice Princess offered to work with Robert to stop the insane Cassadine family who was bent on world domination. Robert was joined in Port Charles by Agent O'Reilly (Billie Hayes). a feisty older woman who kept him on his toes and unfortunately ended up being murdered by the Cassadines. Because of her death, a vengeful Robert and Luke immediately boarded the Cassadine Yacht, "The Titan", finding Laura there, and stayed out of sight until they got to the private island where Mikkos Cassadine revealed his plans to his esteemed group of guests. Robert, Luke and Laura found help from Tiffany Hill, the mistress of Victor Cassadine who wanted to stop Mikkos from going through with his evil plans. While Robert and Laura held Mikkos's guards at gunpoint, Luke confronted Mikkos which resulted with Mikkos freezing to death in his own ice chamber and Luke frantically trying to guess the code to unfreeze Port Charles. Luke succeeded, and they all returned to Port Charles as heroes, with Tiffany joining them. Luke and Robert agreed the formula and the ice machine needed to be destroyed to avoid the risk of falling into the wrong hands. Robert left the W.S.B. over disagreements over destroying the ice machine and formula, and for a while dated Tiffany, but the spark that had captured them on the island fizzled after a while. Robert was Luke's best man when he married Laura in a big ceremony in November 1981. At the wedding, Robert was reacquainted with Mikkos's vengeful widow, Helena Cassadine, who came to town to make a huge donation to General Hospital but secretly put a curse on Luke and Laura.

Paragraph 22: 1947 was an exceptionally successful year for Daly. He became the first Irish winner of the Open Championship, the first Irish winner of the News of the World Match Play and the first Irishman to play in the Ryder Cup. He was the first Irishman to win an important professional tournament in Great Britain. 1947 was a busy season on the British circuit with a number of new tournaments. Daly played in three events before the Open, finishing third in the Daily Mail Tournament, tied for third in the Spalding Tournament and tied for seventh in the Manchester Evening Chronicle Tournament. The Open Championship was held at Royal Liverpool Golf Club, Hoylake. After a first round 73, Daly scored 70, the best round of the day, to lead by four strokes. On the final morning Daly scored 78 and was in a four-way tie for the lead. Reg Horne set an early target, finishing on 294. Daly had played well on the back-9 until he took a double-bogey 6 at the 17th. Needing a par-4 at the last to tie with Horne, he holed a 10-yard putt to lead by one. The American amateur Frank Stranahan came to the last hole needing an eagle-2 to tie Daly. He nearly holed his second shot and finished tied with Horne for second place. The following week Daly defended his Irish Open title. He led after two rounds but had a disappointing final day and finished tied for 4th place. Daly returned to competitive golf in September, qualifying as the Northern Ireland representative for the final stages of the News of the World Match Play. Daly won his early matches comfortably and then beat Henry Cotton in the semi-final and Flory Van Donck in the final to take the title. He was just the second player, after James Braid in 1905, to win the two most important British tournaments in the same year. Daly finished the British season by competing in the Dunlop Masters, where he finished tied for 9th.

Paragraph 23: Leonardos talks of the bonds between Greece and Russia. From Greek Mystras to Catholic Rome, and from there to medieval Moscow, the life of Zoe-Sophia Palaiologina traces the collapse of one civilisation and the rise of a new one. Heir to the imperial titles of the Second Rome, vanquished Constantinople, the daring Byzantine princess managed to escape Rome and, as the wife of Ivan III, create the Third Rome from the emerging Russian Empire. The first Tsarina in Russian history, the avowed enemy of the Tatars who had Russian lands under their rule, comes alive in the pages of his new historical novel by George Leonardos, and sheds light on aspects of history that are not widely known. Historical scholarship, a thrilling adventure, a reminder of the true power of Orthodoxy and of Russia, in a plot that thunders forward like a juggernaut. The novel depicts the developing relations between the Byzantine Empire and the Grand Duchy of Moscow. The bonds strengthened after the marriage of Zoe-Sophia Palaiologos, niece of the last Byzantine Emperor, Constantine XI Palaiologos who fell defending the City against the Ottoman army, to Ivan III the Great, himself a descendant of the Rurik Dynasty. With the help and at the instigation of his Greek consort, Ivan III managed to reject Tatar rule and unite the fragmented principalities and hegemonies under a large, and powerful central leadership, the predecessor to today’s Russia. Because of his marriage to Sophia Palaiologos, the sole heir to the Byzantine Empire, he also succeeded in making his state the heir to the vanquished and fragmented Eastern Roman Empire, and thus adopted the Empire’s symbols, such as the double-headed eagle, and also became a power in the Orthodox world, declaring Moscow the Third Rome, after Rome itself and Constantinople. The novel begins in Rome where Zoe Palaiologina was raised and describes the machinations of the Greek Orthodox and later Catholic Cardinal Bessarion and a series of Popes, the last of whom was Sixtus IV, to marry Zoe off to Ivan III, then Grand Duke of Moscow, so that she could convert the Russians to Catholicism. As soon as she planted her feet on Russian soil, Sophia’s Byzantine Orthodoxy awoke and she changed her name to Sophia, as the Russians considered the name Zoe to be Catholic. At Sophia’s instigation – she often nagged him that she had not “married to become a vassal of the Tatar infidels” – Ivan managed to overthrow Tatar hegemony over the Russian people, particularly after the bloodless confrontation in the Ugra River, and make his domains a powerful state. It was for this reason, as well as his patriotism and policies that Ivan III was proclaimed ‘the Great’, the first in Russian history. Ivan’s and Sophia’s grandson was Ivan the Terrible.

Paragraph 24: The casino houses multiple restaurants. Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill is an English pub, a type of restaurant Ramsay felt was "missing on the strip". The Nobu Restaurant is an Asian restaurant. The Old Homestead Steakhouse is the first west-coast location of a New York restaurant chain. Rao's opened in 2006, the second branch of the restaurant after New York City to open. Flay's first restaurant venture outside New York, Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill was opened at Caesars in 2004 and featured southwestern cuisine; it closed in November 2020 and was replaced in early 2021 with a "fish-and-pasta" concept called Amalfi by Bobby Flay. Chef Brian Malarkey opened Searsucker Las Vegas – the fourth branch of the restaurant after San Diego, Del Mar, California, and Austin, Texas – in March 2015. The  dining area has a "retro Americana" theme, with "cowboy culture" motifs reflected throughout the furnishings and paintings designed by Thomas Schoos.  Beijing Noodle No. 9 is a Chinese restaurant with an overhead metal-cut white screen and large aquariums filled with goldfish are all backlit by LED bulbs. Serendipity 3 was a 1950s style diner, featuring burgers, fries and ice cream delicacies. The ice cream parlor themed restaurant, which was a branch of the New York City Serendipity 3 establishment, opened in 2009. In addition to seating in the dining area and counter seating, there was a patio with views of the Strip and the Caesars Palace fountains. It closed on January 2, 2017. Hell's Kitchen opened in its place in January 2018, and was originally planned to be used as the studio for the filming of the American television show Hell's Kitchen for Seasons 19 and 20, but with full bookings of customers to serve and a lack of cameras (and no dormitories for the contestants), shooting was instead moved to the Caesars Entertainment Studios property near the Las Vegas Strip. The major restaurant of the Augustus Tower is the Guy Savoy, namesake of the three-star Michelin chef. When Savoy was approached to open a second restaurant in Vegas, he initially said no, until Caesars told him they wanted him to recreate what he had done in Paris. His request was that to maintain quality, the restaurant must be limited to service five days a week, to which the management agreed. The restaurant opened in 2006 and in 2008, Savoy brought his executive chef from the Paris restaurant to Vegas. 

Paragraph 25: Virgil begins his poem with a dedication to Maecenas, then a summary of the four books, followed by a prayer to various agricultural deities as well as Augustus himself. It takes as its model the work on farming by Varro, but differs from it in important ways. Numerous technical passages fill out the initial half of the first book; of particular interest are lines 160–175, where Virgil describes the plow. In the succession of ages, whose model is ultimately Hesiod, the age of Jupiter and its relation to the golden age and the current age of man are crafted with deliberate tension.  Of chief importance is the contribution of labour to the success or failure of mankind's endeavours, agricultural or otherwise.  The book comes to one climax with the description of a great storm in lines 311–350, which brings all of man's efforts to nothing.  After detailing various weather-signs, Virgil ends with an enumeration of the portents associated with Caesar’s assassination and civil war; only Octavian offers any hope of salvation.

Paragraph 26: Anatoly Sukhorukov has derived the general paraxial equation describing beam diffraction in anisotropic crystals, and originated the paraxial theory for three-wave interactions of beams and pulses under the presence of phase- and group-velocity mismatches, diffraction, and group velocity dispersion. He has developed a spatio-temporal analogy between optical beams and pulses, and predicted the effect of diffraction-dispersion incoherence for modulated waves, which limits the efficiency of frequency conversion and results in parametric mutual focusing in quadratic media. He has also predicted the phenomenon of anomalous diffraction in the parametric amplifier, and determined the optimal conditions for high-efficiency generation of the second and third harmonics in focused laser beams. He has first investigated the possibility of total energy conversion in the process of double phase-matched interaction between three frequency harmonics. He has developed the theory of up- and down parametric frequency conversion under the presence of group velocity mismatch, described the formation of three-frequency optical dissipative solitons, parametric pi – pulses, a giant parametric pulse (confirmed experimentally), calculated the modes of the parametrical amplifier with a pulsed pump, developed the theory of stimulated Raman scattering taking into account the relaxation time and group velocity mismatch, found the quasi-phase-matching conditions for slow and fast modes in 3D photonic crystals. He has predicted the existence of a new class of localized structures – parametric three-frequency solitons in media with quadratic nonlinearity (results published in 1974, confirmed experimentally in 1995), also discovered a new type of wave self-focusing, namely, mutual – focusing of just three beams at different frequencies in quadratic media. He has investigated the walk-off effect on quadratic solitons, analyzed dynamics of spatial soliton trapping and interactions in bulk media, in cavities (based on the full round-trip model), in gratings (model for counter-propagating waves); proposed parametric soliton model based on the analogy with coupling of three quasi-particles; considered the tunneling of slow parametric solitons through a bounded grating. He has analyzed the quasi-phase-matched hybrid interactions in periodically polled crystals (layer model), asymmetric modes of parametric solitons, properties of ultra-narrow quadratic solitons, propagation of ultra-short optical pulses inducing plasma generation, and parametric interactions of two non-axial vortices, methods of spatio-temporal vortices generation and recording, all-optical switching with parametric refraction and reflection. He developed the theory of dispersion managed interactions of few-cycle pulses in quadratically nonlinear layered media. He has investigated the nonlinear refraction, total internal reflection and scattering of optical beams and pulses in defocusing media with Kerr, cascaded quadratic, photorefractive, and thermal nonlinearities.

Paragraph 27: The next day, Barlow played a decisive role in the Battle of High Bridge near Farmville, Virginia. Barlow was pursuing Confederate troops who had crossed High Bridge the previous day. The Confederate troops included men led by Gen. Gordon, who at the time believed that he had killed Barlow at the Battle of Gettysburg. The Battle of High Bridge included two skirmishes, the first of which took place in the evening of April 6, prior to Barlow's arrival. Confederate forces captured roughly 800 men and wounded or killed others. They then planned to destroy the bridge afterward in order to prevent its use by Union forces. However, a delay in sending an order to destroy the bridge proved to be advantageous for Barlow's men, who arrived in the early morning of April 7 to find the lower level of the bridge in flames and collapsing. Barlow commanded some of his men to charge the bridge and put out the fire, and the second skirmish of the battle ensued. Union forces successfully crossed the upper level of the bridge and fought with the Confederates. The Confederate forces eventually retreated towards Appomattox Station, away from Farmville, where they hoped to find food and supplies. These actions by Barlow and his men potentially shortened the war by several days and put additional pressure on Gen. Robert E. Lee to surrender.

Paragraph 28: After a coaching change with the Giants in 2004 he joined the Buffalo Bills coaching staff as the running backs coach under offensive coordinator Tom Clements. The Bills would finish the season 9-7, their last winning record until the 2014 season, by scoring 24.6 points a game, with Bills running backs 13th in the NFL in rushing. Studesville is largely given credit for the emergence of Willis McGahee, who, after recovering from a catastrophic knee injury sustained in college, gained 1297 yards from scrimmage. In 2005, the running game was the main highlight of an otherwise stagnant team led by journeyman Kelly Holcomb and 2nd year quarterback J. P. Losman, as the Bills finished 5-11 while McGahee gained 1,425 yards from scrimmage. In 2006, Mularkey was fired and Dick Jauron was brought on to replace him; Jauron would keep Studesville as the team's running backs coach under offensive coordinator Steve Fairchild. After a pedestrian year for the Bills rushing attack spearheaded by Willis McGahee and Anthony Thomas in 2006 (the same year that Division III Coe College product Fred Jackson was recruited to the Bills by its then-general manager and fellow alum Marv Levy and remained on the practice squad that season), in 2007, the Bills drafted Marshawn Lynch who gained 1299 yards in his rookie season under Studesville's tutelage. 2007 also saw Fred Jackson's call-up from the practice squad and emergence as a threat, as he played in 8 games and gained nearly 500 yards from scrimmage while maintaining a special teams role as well. 2008, under new offensive coordinator Turk Schonert, the Bills offense experienced a renewed commitment to its running backs and Studesville pupils Lynch and Jackson combined for 2,224 yards from scrimmage. 2009 brought about an unsettled year for the Bills offense, as Turk Schonert was fired midway through training camp with former Bills quarterback and quarterbacks coach Alex Van Pelt being appointed in his stead. Studesville's charges saw a reversal of fortunes, as Lynch experienced injuries and off-the-field troubles leading to a suspension, and Fred Jackson led the way with 1,433 yards from scrimmage as they combined for a total of 2,062 between Jackson and Lynch. Head coach Dick Jauron was fired midway through the season and replaced by interim head coach Perry Fewell for the remainder of the season. The entire Bills staff was let go following the 2009 season. Studesville would not be retained under new head coach Chan Gailey.

Paragraph 29: Rodney Hatch, a barber, is engaged to Gloria Kramer. While visiting an art museum, he feels drawn to a sculpture of Venus the Roman goddess of love, though the other patrons dismiss it as out of step with the current art trends. On a whim, Rodney puts his engagement ring on the statue's finger, causing the statue to come to life. Venus falls in love with Rodney for giving her life and begins pursuing him, causing turmoil in his relationship with Gloria. When Venus becomes annoyed with Gloria, she transports her to the North Pole. Adding further complications, with the statue gone from the museum, Rodney is arrested for art theft, but Venus helps him escape. Rodney begins to fall in love with the goddess, but their time together is cut short when she is called away by the gods, and becomes a statue again. When Gloria returns from the North Pole she is furious with Rodney and breaks off their engagement. Rodney returns to the museum and looks at the statue again. He unexpectedly bumps into a young woman from out of town who bears a striking resemblance to the statue. Rodney leaves the museum with her, and as she starts to tell him her name he responds 'You don't have to tell me. I know.'

Paragraph 30: The success of AKAT-1 enabled Karpiński to be put forward by Poland as its candidate for the UNESCO worldwide award for young engineers in 1960. Karpiński's work was evaluated with around 200 other contestants by an UNESCO international committee, and he turned out to be among the six laureates. As a reward, he was allowed to go on a half-year scholarship in the United States to visit major technological centres in the country. During the scholarship, which has been eventually extended to a full year, Karpiński managed to visit around twenty universities and laboratories, among them Computation Laboratory at Harvard, Caltech, UCLA and Los Alamos National Laboratory. During his stay he met with a number of leading computer scientists of the time including John Eckert, Claude Shannon and Edward F. Moore. Despite the numerous offers to stay in the United States and move his work there, Karpiński decided to come back to Poland. Later, it emerged that before and during his stay in the United States, Karpiński cooperatated with Polish intelligence to collect data, which sparked controversies around his person. Karpiński himself, interviewed on the matter after the fall of communism, was reluctant to comment the matter, but insisted the agreement with intelligence officer cpt. Zygmunt Goć was limited to reporting on the state of technical progress of American facilities.