Paragraph 1: The first method of traverse is to rely entirely on movement along a curved section of track or on a turntable with no provision to traverse the gun on its mount. The second is to traverse the rail car body on its trucks, known as a car-traversing mount. Generally this is limited to a few degrees of traverse to either side unless an elaborate foundation is built with a centre pivot and traversing rollers. The design of the foundation is the only limit to the amount of traverse allowed in this latter case. The third choice is to allow the separate gun mount to rotate with respect to the rail car body, known as a top-carriage traversing mount. This usually requires the gun to be mounted on a central pivot which, in turn, is mounted on the car body. With few exceptions these types of mounts require some number of outriggers, stabilisers, or earth anchors to keep them in place against the recoil forces and are generally more suitable for smaller guns. The American post–World War I assessment of railway artillery considered that the utility of even a small amount of traverse for fine adjustments was high enough that either of the two latter traversing methods is preferable to a fixed mount.

Paragraph 2: Seymour Joseph Cassel (January 22, 1935 – April 7, 2019) was an American actor who appeared in over 200 films and television shows, with a career spanning over 50 years. He first came to prominence in the 1960s in the pioneering independent films of writer/director John Cassavetes. The first of these was Too Late Blues (1961), followed by Faces (1968), for which he was nominated for an Academy Award and won a National Society of Film Critics Award. Cassel went on to appear in Cassavetes' Minnie and Moskowitz (1971), The Killing of a Chinese Bookie (1976), Opening Night (1977), and Love Streams (1984).

Paragraph 3: Elective Affinities (German: Die Wahlverwandtschaften), also translated under the title Kindred by Choice, is the third novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, published in 1809. Situated around the city of Weimar, the book relates the story of Eduard and Charlotte, an aristocratic couple enjoying an idyllic but somewhat mundane life on a secluded estate; although it is the second marriage for both, their relationship deteriorates after they invite Eduard's friend Captain Otto and Charlotte's orphaned niece, Ottilie, to live with them in their mansion. The invitation to Ottilie and the Captain is described as an "experiment", as it indeed is. The house and its surrounding gardens are described as "a chemical retort in which the human elements are brought together for the reader to observe the resulting reaction." As if in a chemical reaction, each of the spouses experiences a strong new attraction, which is reciprocated: Charlotte, who represents reason, to the sensible and energetic Captain Otto; the impulsive and passionate Eduard to the adolescent and charming Ottilie. The conflict between passion and reason leads to chaos and ultimately to a tragic end.

Paragraph 4: Adolfina Rangel Arceo, Agua Azul, Agua Escondida, Agua Fría Papaloapan, Agua Fría Piedra del Sol, Amapa, Arroyo Chiquito, Arroyo Cohapa, Arroyo Limón, Arroyo Zuzule, Atilano Cruz, Base Estrella, Benemérito Juárez, Bethania, Buenavista, Buenavista Gallardo, Buenavista Río Tonto, Buenos Aires el Apompo, California, Camalotal, Camarón Salsipuedes, Camelia Roja, Campo Nuevo, Canutillo, Caracol, Cándido Cuevas, Centro de Población Rosario Ibarra de Piedra, Cerro Bola, Claudio Vicente Justo, Colonia la Fe, Colonia Mancilla y Acevedo, Colonia Obrera (Ejido Benito Juárez), Colonia Obrera Benito Juárez, Colonia Ortega, Colonia Víctor Bravo Ahuja (Segunda Etapa), Conjunto Residencial Fapatux, Conjunto Residencial Sebastopol, Curva las Consuegras (Ejido las Ánimas), Desviación Piedra Quemada, Don Juan (San Antonio), Dos Caminos, El Azufre, El Basurero Municipal, El Cañaveral, El Caminante, El Cedral, El Chaparral, El Crucero, El Desengaño, El Encajonado, El Escobillal, El Esfuerzo, El Guayabo (Boca de Coapa), El Jimbal, El Mangal, El Milagro, El Mirador Mata de Caña (Lino Ramírez), El Naranjal, El Ojillal (Boca de Coapa), El Palmar, El Panalito, El Paraíso, El Paraíso Zacatal, El Peal, El Placer, El Porvenir, El Progreso 1, El Progreso 2, El Recreo 1, El Recreo 2, El Recreo 3, El Recuerdo, El Suspiro, El Tonto, El Triunfo, El Yagual, El Zapotal, Esperanza Arroyo la Gloria, Finca el Progreso, Francisco I. Madero (Los Cerritos), Francisco I. Madero de los Cerritos Río Tonto, Frente al Ingenio, Fuente Misteriosa, Fuente Villa, Galera de Soto, General Lázaro Cárdenas, Huerta San Gerardo, Ignacio Zaragoza, Jazmín, Jimaguas, La Aurora y Anexas, La Carlota, La Coconal (Desviación  Agua Fría), La Esmalta, La Esmeralda, La Esperanza, La Esperanza Agua Pescadito, La Huerta, La Hulera, La Mina, La Montaña, La Nueva Revolución, La Pequeña, La Pita (Efrén Garduño), La Pita (El Mexicanito), La Pochota, La Puerta del Recreo, La Redonda (Boca de Coapa), La Reforma, La Trinidad, La Unión, Las Delicias, Las Palmas, Las Palmas (El Nanche), Las Palomas, Lic. Ignacio Martínez Bautista, Los Anzures, Los Ávalos, Los Ávalos, Los Cocos, Los Juanes, Los Mangales (La Estopa), Los Mangos, Los Pinos, Los Reyes (Ampliación Santa Úrsula), Macín Chico, María Domínguez, Mata de Caña, Mixtancillo (Boca de Coapa), Mundo Nuevo, Nuevo Horizonte, Ojo de Agua, Palmilla, Pantoja, Papaloapan, Paso Canoa, Paso de Armadillo, Paso Rincón, Piedra Quemada, Pillo García (Buenavista), Pio V Becerra Ballesteros, Playa del Mono, Pueblo Nuevo Ojo de Agua, Pueblo Nuevo Papaloapan, Puente del Obispo (La Joya), Rancho de San Antonio 1, Rancho de San Antonio 2, Rancho Doña Mimí, Rancho el Águila, Rancho el Sábalo, Rancho Mis Abuelos, Rancho Nuevo Jonotal, Rincón Bonito, Roberto Figueroa, Rodeo Arroyo Pepesca, Sabino Pérez, San Bartolo, San Felipe de la Peña, San Fermín, San Francisco 1, San Francisco 2, San Francisco Salsipuedes, San Isidro las Piñas, San José, San Juan Bautista de Matamoros, San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec, San Lorenzo (El Zapotal), San Martín las Caobas, San Miguel Obispo, San Pedro, San Rafael 1, San Rafael 2, San Román, San Rosendo, San Silverio el Cedral, Santa Úrsula, Santa Catarina, Santa Elena, Santa Isabel Río Obispo, Santa María Amapa, Santa María Obispo, Santa Rosa Papaloapan, Santa Silvia, Santa Teresa (Boca de Coapa), Santa Teresa Papaloapan, Santo Tomás, Sebastopol, Silvano Reyes, Silverio la Arrocera, Soledad Macín Chico, Tacoteno el Consuelo, Tecoteno el Tular, Toro Bravo, Vista Hermosa, and Zacate Colorado

Paragraph 5: In the 1960s, like other parts of India, modern Hindi Theatre movement also started in Bihar. Satish Anand, actor and director, is the maker of modern Hindi theatre in Bihar. He is known as trend setter in contemporary modern Indian theatre. Satish Anand established his own theatre group Kala Sangam at Patna, capital of Bihar in 1962. Created a very healthy theatre environment and popularize Hindi plays and theatre by constantly and regularly staging plays like Dharmvir Bharti's Andha Yug, Mudrarakshash's Merjeeva, Mohan Rakesh's Adhe-Adhure, Ashadh Ka Ek Din and Lahron ke Rajhans, Badal Sircar's Baki Itihas, Ballabhpur Ki Roopkatha, Pagla Ghora and Juloos, vijay Tendulkar's Khamosh Adalat jari hai, Jat Hi Puchho Sadhu Ki,Gireesh Karnad's Tughlaq, Sophocles Greek tragedy Oedipus, Rambriksha Benipuri's Ambapali, Shanti Mehrotra's Thahra Hua Pani, Ek Tha Gadha, Kisi Ek Phool Ka Naam Lo, Godan, Chandrashekhar Kambar's Aur Tota Bola, Ibsen's Enemy of the people(Janshatru), Ben Johnson's Volpony (Chor Ke Ghar Mor), Delhi Uncha Sunati Hai, Manoj Mitr's Rajdarshan, Debashish Majumdar's Tamrapatra,Sushil Kumar Singh's Singhasan Khali Hai, Bertolt Brecht's Three Penny Opera ( Do Takkey Ka Swang), Jyoti Mahpseker's Beti Aayee Hai etc. Kala Sangam's director Satish Anand had taken every new production as a theatre workshop. He worked hard and trained actors-actresses in every department. Production of Adhe-Adhure in 1973 was considered a great happening in History of the cultural field of Bihar. This incident was considered as renaissance of theatre in Bihar. Kala Sangam always preferred to take up socio-political-economic issues in its plays. Variety in designing the play-productions with innovative ideas and high class powerful performances injected and created a keen interest for theatre among the people of Bihar. The conservative and orthodox society opened up slowly and started liberalizing their views about theatre and its actors-actresses. A large number of working women and school-college-going girls were allowed by their guardians and parents to participate actively in plays and they made their presence felt with their talents. Hundreds of boys and girls were trained by Satish Anand during these years. The quality and class of Kala Sangam's play-productions established Kala Sangam as one of the leading theatre group of India. Patna became the one of the most theatre-active center of India in 70s, 80s and 1990s. Kala Sangam had organised its first theatre festival and first all India theatre Seminar in 1978. Kala Sangam presented its five plays, Andha Yug, Ashadh Ka Ek Din, Lahron Ke Rajhans, Ballabhpur Ki Roopkatha and Singhasan Khali Hai. The subject of the All India theatre seminar was "Aaj Ka Natak Aur Rangmanch" (Today's Drama & theatre) Mr. B.V Karanth, Dr. Pratibha Agarwal and Sachidanand Hiranand Vatsyayan were the guest speaker of this seminar. 2nd Kala Sangam's Theatre festival and All India theatre Seminar was organised in 1979. Scholar theatre critic Nemi Chand Jain, Dhyaneshwar Nadkarni had participated in the seminar and also witnessed plays presented in the festival. Kala Sangam had organised its nine theatre festivals from 1978 to 1995 respectively. Kala Sangam's work had inspired many people in Bihar to start theatrical activities in their respective places.

Paragraph 6: Another organic approach to Facebook optimization is cross-linking different social platforms. By posting links to websites or social media sites in the profile 'about' section, it is possible to direct traffic and ultimately increase search engine optimization. Another option is to share links to relevant videos and blog posts. Facebook Connect is a functionality that launched in 2008 to allow Facebook users to sign up to different websites, enter competitions, and access exclusive promotions by logging in with their existing Facebook account details. This is beneficial to users as they don't have to create a new login every time they want to sign up to a website, but also beneficial to businesses as Facebook users become more likely to share their content. Often the two are interlinked, where in order to access parts of a website, a user has to like or share certain things on their personal profile or invite a number of friends to like a page. This can lead to greater traffic flow to a website as it reaches a wider audience. Businesses have more opportunities to reach their target markets if they choose a paid approach to SMO. When Facebook users create an account, they are urged to fill out their personal details such as gender, age, location, education, current and previous employers, religious and political views, interests, and personal preferences such as movie and music tastes. Facebook then takes this information and allows advertisers to use it to determine how to best market themselves to users that they know will be interested in their product. This can also be known as micro-targeting. If a user clicks on a link to like a page, it will show up on their profile and newsfeed. This then feeds back into organic social media optimization, as friends of the user will see this and be encouraged to click on the page themselves. Although advertisers are buying mass reach, they are attracting a customer base with a genuine interest in their product. Once a customer base has been established through a paid approach, businesses will often run promotions and competitions to attract more organic followers.

Paragraph 7: The traditional culture of Samoa is a communal way of life based on Fa'a Samoa, the unique socio-political culture. In Samoan culture, most activities are done together. The traditional living quarters, or fale (houses), contain no walls and up to 20 people may sleep on the ground in the same fale. During the day, the fale is used for chatting and relaxing. One's family is viewed as an integral part of a person's life. The aiga or extended family lives and works together. Elders in the family are greatly respected and hold the highest status, and this may be seen at a traditional Sunday umu (normal oven).

Paragraph 8: After learning that Jonathan Bacon had moved into a condo at 651 Nootka Way in Port Moody, on February 3, 2009, the Port Moody police warned in a public statement that to associate with any of the three Bacon brothers was to put one's life in danger. Langton wrote: "Not surprisingly, the Port Moody warning didn't work. If anything, it only made the gangsta-wannabe kids in the Lower Mainland admire the Bacon Brothers even more. The boys had proved they were not just untouchable by law enforcement, but also by their enemies....Their lives were like the twisted fantasies of a bored 12-year old. The warning only put an official stamp on it". Later on the same day of the Port Moody warning, an associate of the brothers, Raphael Baldini was gunned down in Surrey. People in the Lower Mainland flooded social media sites with praise and tributes for Baldini. On February 6, 2009, a Bacon brother associate, Kevin LeClair, was shot in the front of the Marketplace IGA grocery and died the next day. On February 16, 2009, Nicole Marie Alemy, the wife of a UN gang member, Koshan Alemy, was gunned down in her car. As she was driving only with her 4-year old son and the windows of her Cadillac CTS coupe were clear, it is believed that this was not a case of mistaken identity, but rather that her killers had targeted her intentionally as a way to bring grief to her husband. The murder of Alemy finally changed public opinion in the Lower Mainland and people began to supply information about the underworld. For the first time, the police phonelines for tips was overwhelmed as thousands of people called in to supply potential information about the Alemy murder. Mountie Corporal Dale Carr told the media: "We're starting to see a bit of a groundswell, if you, of people just saying, 'enough is enough, we're fed up, we're going to give a call'". Two of the callers identified themselves as long-time members of the Red Scorpions who both stated that they were disgusted by the cold-blooded execution of a mother in front of her 4-year old son, and the information they supplied proved to be very useful to the police. On February 22, 2009, an anti-gang rally was held in Surrey's Central City Plaza, where the lead speaker was Eileen Mohan who demanded once again that the police take action to arrest those responsible for the Surrey Six massacre.

Paragraph 9: Born in the mid-ninth century in Baghdad, Iraq, his father Judah ben David was Exilarch from 840-857, and a fifth-generation descendant of Bostanai. Following his uncle, Zakkai ben Ahunai's death in 890, he succeeded Zakkai as Exilarch, rather than Zakkai's son David, who was deemed too controversial for the position. Mar Ukba's early years as Exilarch were relatively calm, however, following the appointment of Kohen Tzedek Kahana ben Joseph as Pumbedita Goan in 917, a violent controversy broke out between him and Mar Ukba, over the question of the income of the academy from the region of Khorasan. This ultimately resulted in a boycott by Kohen Tzedek's wealthy and influential friend, Joseph ben Phinehas, who convinced Abbasid Caliph Al-Muqtadir to depose Mar Ukba, which he did in 917. Soon afterward, Mar Ukba moved to Kermanshah in the spring of 917. However, after the young Caliph moved to his summer palace in Safran, Mar Ukba devised a scheme to win the royal favour by meeting Al-Muqtadir's secretary daily in his gardens and greeting him with the recitation of beautiful verses of poetry. These pleased the Caliphs secretary so much that he wrote them down and showed them to his master, who in his turn was so delighted that he sent for Mar Ukba. When the Caliph saw Mar Ukba, he asked him to express any wish. To this, Mar Ukba requested to be reinstated as Exilarch. The Caliph granted this wish, and soon after, Mar Ukba returned to Baghdad, where he was reinstated as Exilarch in 918. However, only a few months after his reinstatement, Kohen Ẓedeḳ and his friends once again succeeded in securing his deposition and banishment from the country. Following this, Mar Ukba moved to Kairouan, Tunisia, where he was received with great esteem as a member of the House of David. In the Kairouan Synagogue, a throne was built or him near the Torah ark, and he was always the third to read the weekly parashah. His immediate descendants are unknown, however, they probably immigrated to Francia. According to Jewish tradition, Yitskhak Eizik Meisels (b. 1425), the progenitor of the Meisels family was a 10th generation descendant of Mar Ukba.

Paragraph 10: Twelve years later, Robert's half brother David Tanaka applies to visit him in prison, as part of his studies into psychopathic tendencies. Robert agrees to the visit and is seen by David and his husband Aaron Brennan (Matt Wilson). As Robert is about to speak, Paul appears and Robert abruptly leaves. He subsequently declines any further visitation requests, including that of his daughter Harlow Robinson (Jemma Donovan), whose existence he discovered while in jail. Months later, Robert agrees to meet Harlow. He apologises and tells her that he wants to get to know her better. He learns that Harlow is living with Paul and that he has recently married again. Robert explains that it was a challenge meeting David in person, when Paul showed up. Harlow tells Robert that David is seriously ill and needs a kidney transplant. Robert agrees to get tested and passes the first two tests. He later meets with Paul and his wife Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou) to tell them that he will donate his kidney if he is moved to a minimum security prison closer to Harlow - Paul agrees. Robert is brought to Erinsborough Hospital and David thanks him for being his donor. However, before the surgery, and with everyone believing he has been sedated, Robert assaults the guard removing his handcuffs and flees the hospital in a stolen ambulance. He drives to the Lassiters Complex and watches Paul, before making his way to Ramsay Street. Robert sees that a heavily pregnant Elly Conway (Jodi Anasta) has recognised him and he forces her inside Number 28, where he holds her at knifepoint and she goes into labour. When Finn Kelly (Rob Mills) hears Elly's screams, he runs inside to help and Robert orders him to deliver the baby. Elly gives birth to a daughter and Robert leaves the house. After stealing a phone, he calls Harlow and asks her to meet him with some money. Robert tells Harlow that he will send for her when he is settled, but she persuades him to return to the hospital and go through with the transplant by promising to visit him every week. After the surgery, Robert is taken back to the prison to recover in the hospital there. Harlow and David later visit him and David expresses his gratitude for what Robert did for him. Robert asks after Elly and then says that what he did was stupid, but he panicked. Paul enters the room and watches on as Harlow and Robert discuss books, before deciding that he wants to talk with Robert alone. Paul asks why Robert came after him, and Robert explains that he just wanted to tell Paul that he was letting go of all the anger towards him for Harlow's sake. Just before he leaves the room, Paul thanks Robert for saving David's life.

Paragraph 11: In more recent years, Arendt has received further criticism from authors Bettina Stangneth and Deborah Lipstadt. Stangneth argues in her work, Eichmann Before Jerusalem, that Eichmann was, in fact, an insidious antisemite. She utilized the Sassen Papers and accounts of Eichmann while in Argentina to prove that he was proud of his position as a powerful Nazi and the murders that this allowed him to commit. While she acknowledges that the Sassen Papers were not disclosed in the lifetime of Arendt, she argues that the evidence was there at the trial to prove that Eichmann was an antisemitic murderer and that Arendt simply ignored this. Deborah Lipstadt contends in her work, The Eichmann Trial, that Arendt was too distracted by her own views of totalitarianism to objectively judge Eichmann. She refers to Arendt's own work on totalitarianism, The Origins of Totalitarianism, as a basis for Arendt's seeking to validate her own work by using Eichmann as an example.  Lipstadt further contends that Arendt "wanted the trial to explicate how these societies succeeded in getting others to do their atrocious biddings" and so framed her analysis in a way which would agree with this pursuit. However, Arendt has also been praised for being among the first to point out that intellectuals, such as Eichmann and other leaders of the Einsatzgruppen, were in fact more accepted in the Third Reich despite Nazi Germany's persistent use of anti-intellectual propaganda.  During a 2013 review of historian Christian Ingrao's book Believe and Destroy, which pointed out that Hitler was more accepting of intellectuals with German ancestry and that at least 80 German intellectuals assisted his "SS War Machine," Los Angeles Review of Books journalist Jan Mieszkowski praised Arendt for being "well aware that there was a place for the thinking man in the Third Reich."

Paragraph 12: Criticisms still persist, such as 1UP.com which, in an article discussing the "lamest Pokémon" of the series, referred to it as the "infamous blackface Pokémon". Washington Post writer Mary C. Morton described Jynx as having "explicitly, albeit grossly caricatured, womanly features", and challenged the assertion that the games crossed gender barriers with such. In their podcast, Retronauts, they emphasized it further, noting the design as "creepy" and that it maintained the issue of racism still. IGN also criticized the design, characterizing Jynx as a "transvestite midget in racially offensive makeup". GameDaily ranked it first on their list of the "Top 10 Weirdest Looking Pokémon", noting its design suggested the presence of breasts, and echoing qualms regarding its resemblance to blackface performers. Games.net ranked it fourth on their "Top 10 Disturbingly Sexual Game Characters" list, questioning why the character was clothed in what resembled a "slinky dress and push-up bra". In the book Gaming Cultures and Place in Asia-Pacific, David Surman defended Jynx's design, suggesting that Sugimori developed it—along with Mr. Mime—to draw upon the humor of heta-uma (a term meaning bad/nice). The book notes that the designs "oscillate between the poles of good and bad," and as a result offer diversity within the game and invite scrutiny from players. Jim Sterling of Destructoid included it in their list of 30 "rubbish" Pokémon, and stated "Don’t act like you didn’t know it was f*cking coming." GamesRadar described Magmar and Jynx as the Romeo and Juliet of Pokémon. GamesRadar's Carolyn Gudmundson compared Jynx to the Gothita line due to both's designs being based on an "overtly feminine form", though describing Gothita's line as "way less creepy". Author Loredana Lipperini described Jynx as an "opera singer". Russ Frushtick of Polygon claimed that Jynx is a worst first-gen Pokémon that should be wiped from existence, and further stated that Jynx is just problematic at every turn. Liz Finnegan of The Escapist listed Jynx as worst Pokemon design, and further stated that the problem with Jynx is that she’s not menacing, nor is she cute. Jynx is just plain old ugly. VentureBeat placed Jynx on a list of "seriously ugly Pokémon" from the past twenty years, and claimed that Jynx has always weirded him out. Ben Skipper of International Business Times ranked Jynx as one of the very worst Pokemon designs. Sam Loveidge of Digital Spy listed Jynx as worst Pokémon design ever, and further stated that it got some seriously racist connotations and manages to look just human enough to be totally creepy-looking. Elijah Watson of Complex described Jynx as the best Pokemon, but stated that it is also one of the strangest-looking Pokemon out there, but it can handle its own better than we may think. Patricia Hernandez of Kotaku described Jynx as a literal blackface of Pokemon. In 2016, a Japanese poll voted which Pokémon is the ugliest with Jynx receiving 37 votes and fourth most voted. David Lozada of GameRevolution listed Jynx as the weirdest Pokémon ever, stating that Jynx is the embodiment of weird.

Paragraph 13: In 1904, Davenport became director of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, where he founded the Eugenics Record Office in 1910. During his time at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Davenport began a series of investigations into aspects of the inheritance of human personality and mental traits, and over the years he generated hundreds of papers and several books on the genetics of alcoholism, pellagra (later shown to be due to a vitamin deficiency), criminality, feeblemindedness, seafaringness, bad temper, intelligence, manic depression, and the biological effects of race crossing. Additionally, Davenport mentored many people while working at the Laboratory, such as Massachusetts suffragist, Claiborne Catlin Elliman. Before Charles Davenport came across eugenics, he studied math. He came to know these subjects through Professors Karl Pearson and gentleman amateur Francis Galton. He met them in London. Upon meeting them, he fell in love with the subject matter. In 1901, Biometrika, a journal of which Charles Davenport was a co editor, gave him the opportunity to use the skills that he had learned. Davenport became an advocate of the biometrical approach for the rest of his life. He began to study human heredity, and much of his effort was later turned to promoting eugenics. His 1911 book, Heredity in Relation to Eugenics, was used as a college textbook for many years. The year after it was published Davenport was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. Davenport's work with eugenics caused much controversy among many other eugenicists and scientists. Although his writings were about eugenics, their findings were very simplistic and out of touch with the findings from genetics. This caused much racial and class bias. Only his most ardent admirers regarded it as truly scientific work. During Davenport's tenure at Cold Spring Harbor, several reorganizations took place there. In 1918 the Carnegie Institution of Washington took over funding of the ERO with an additional handsome endowment from Mary Harriman. Davenport was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1907. In 1921 he was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.

Paragraph 14: Shaw was born in Chicago, Illinois, to Edgar Shaw, a railroad employee and house painter, and Camilla (Murphy) Shaw, a housekeeper.  He attended the University of Illinois Chicago from 1963 to 1968. He served in the United States Marine Corps, including stints in Hawaii and at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina, where in 1962 he was a "Message Center" specialist, achieving the rank of Corporal, E-4. He exhibited a passionate interest in the print media, clipping articles from newspapers, and often traveled on weekends to Washington, D.C. He cultivated an acquaintance with Walter Cronkite and had an interest in baseball.

Paragraph 15: The following day, Hercules is working in the smithy with Nessus, the centaur. He watches his children playing outside when a woman, Iole, comes looking for him and faints. She says she is from the village of Gryphon and that they need Hercules' help. Hercules agrees to help, but Deianeira tells the girl to rest first. During the night, Iole tells Deianeira that she thought she saw something outside her window. Deianeria tells her nothing or nobody is there. Deianeira gets a lantern and goes outside; she finds Nessus in the smithy and he tells her that she cannot trust Hercules with Iole as she is a virgin young woman, Hercules will not be able to resist. She defends him saying that Hercules would be faithful to her but she starts to doubt when sees the virgin maiden sleeping naked. In the morning Hercules, Iole and Nessus leave for Gryphon. Before leaving Iole gives Deianeira a necklace to thank her for looking after her the night before. Deianeira goes to the market where a woman tells her that the necklace is a sign that she has lost her husband and tells Deianeira about the necklace is given to women whose men are to be killed by Nurian maidens trained so well in the art of seduction that they can get any man in their power. Deianeira goes after Hercules to warn him and finds the three at a river bank. She tells Iole to leave, but Hercules says he already knew she was a Nurian maiden, but that he loves Deianeira, and would never be unfaithful to her. After reassuring Deianeira, Hercules and Iole continue to Gryphon with Hercules holding Iole in his arms to help her cross the river, but Nessus begins to stir doubts in Deianeira's mind, and after she tries to get away he attacks her. Nessus tries to rape her. She calls for Hercules, who shoots an arrow which strikes Nessus in the back. As he lay dying, Nessus showing Deianeira the cloak his blood drenches tells her that his blood is powerful and will prevent Hercules from being unfaithful. She gives the cape to Hercules and tells him to wear it if he gets cold.

Paragraph 16: Natalie Craig writing for The Sydney Morning Herald said Toadie was always destined for greatness. She said as a teenager he was a "major ratbag with a major mullet to match", but a genius at the same time. Craig opined many "memorable Toadie moments" occurred when he shared his home. She cited her favourite ever scene as being one in which Toadie, Joel and Lance had a stand-off over the washing up. Toadie was placed at number six on the Huffpost's "35 greatest Neighbours characters of all time" feature. Journalist Adam Beresford described him as an "Aussie everyman" with a "disastrous" love life; adding he is a "prime example" of the joy long-term featured characters give viewers. Beresford described his transformation from "class clown" to lawyer after he "ditched the Hawaiian shirts and the greasy ponytail." The critic concluded that Toadie "earned his place among the Neighbours greats." In 2022, Kate Randall from Heat included Toadie in the magazine's top ten Neighbours characters of all time feature. Randall opined that Toadie had "come a long way" to become a lawyer. She described him as once being a "ratbag with long hair and loud Hawaiian shirts." She added that Toadie and Stonefish "wreaked havoc" on Ramsay Street. Toadie was placed first in a poll ran via soap fansite "Back To The Bay", which asked readers to determine the top ten most popular Neighbours characters. In response the Daily Mirror's Susan Knox assessed that Toadie "has faced endless trials and tribulations". In an Irish Independent feature profiling "the top 12 Neighbours icons", Sheena McGinley titled Toadie as the most iconic. McGinley assessed that "Toadie's been many things — cheeky, caring, seemingly gifted in the bedroom department, a lawyer, and a dad." She continued to list his many stories but noted his comic persona. McGinley concluded that his comedy "is why he's the most multi-faceted, relatable character to ever grace the street." Lorna White from Yours profiled the magazine's "favourite Neighbours characters of all time". Toadie was included in the list and White stated that he had "become a hugely popular character in the series." A reporter from The Scotsman included Toadie and Sonya's wedding day explosion as one of the show's top five moments in its entire history. Toadie and Dee's wedding was placed at number five in a feature compiled for The Guardian, celebrating the show's most memorable moments. Critic Sam Strutt also likened Dee and Toadie's romance to the tale of the Beauty and the Beast.

Paragraph 17: Widener was tasked to capture the scene of the Tiananmen crackdown on June 5, 1989. He had brought camera equipment and film to the hotel where he later took the photo, but was at the risk of being denied entry by security personnel. He was helped inside by Kirk Martsen. Widener eventually ran out of film, so he asked Martsen to try and find some. Martsen found John Flitcroft, an Australian backpacker in the hotel lobby, and asked him if he had any spare rolls of film, explaining that Widener had run out of film. John said he would give him the roll of film, if he could come up to the hotel room, which overlooked Tiananmen Square. It was this roll of film which Widener used to take the Tank Man photo. Martsen later borrowed Flitcroft's rented bicycle to deliver the photo film to the AP office at the Diplomatic Compound.

Paragraph 18: It is the smallest species of chipmunk, measuring about  in total length with a weight of . The body is gray to reddish-brown on the sides, and grayish white on the underparts. The back is marked with five dark brown to black stripes separated by four white or cream-colored stripes, all of which run from the nape of the neck to the base of the tail. Two light and two dark stripes mark the face, running from the tip of the nose to the ears. The bushy tail is orange-brown in color, and measures  long. In some areas, where range overlap with the yellow-pine chipmunk occurs, it may be difficult or impossible to distinguish the two species in the field; laboratory examination of skeletal structures may be required.

Paragraph 19: By the middle of the Archaic Period of ancient Greece (roughly 800 BCE to 480 BCE), the art that proliferated contained images of people who had the archaic smile, as evidenced by statues found in excavations all across the Greek mainland, Asia Minor, and on islands in the Aegean Sea. The significance of the convention is not known although it is often assumed that for the Greeks, that kind of smile reflected a state of ideal health and well-being. It has also been suggested that it is simply the result of a technical difficulty in fitting the curved shape of the mouth to the somewhat-blocklike head typical of Archaic sculpture. Richard Neer theorizes that the archaic smile may actually be a marker of status, since aristocrats of multiple cities throughout Greece were referred to as the Geleontes or "smiling ones". There are alternative views to the archaic smile being "flat and quite unnatural looking". John Fowles describes the archaic smile in his novel The Magus as "full of the purest metaphysical good humour [...] timelessly intelligent and timelessly amused. [...] Because a star explodes and a thousand worlds like ours die, we know this world is. That is the smile: that what might not be, is [...] When I die, I shall have this by my bedside. It is the last human face I want to see."

Paragraph 20: Sculptural depictions of Jain Tirthankaras, particularly of Rishabhnath and Parshwanath are found in Nasik (in the temple premises of Khandeswar), Manapur-Gadama (in Raghunathpur Block), Nuadhana in Biridi Block, Sahada (in the temple of Suvarneswara) and in Sujang in the temple of Dhabaleswara. All Tirthankara images found in Jagatsinghpur district are in Kayotsarga Mudra and they probably belong to the 9th -10th century AD. Though no Buddhist Chaitya, Stupa or Vihara have been discovered in this district, a plenty of Buddhist archaeological remains have been traced by various scholars over ages. Dr. Nabin Kumar Sahoo and Professor Donaldson have made an extensive study on the Buddhist images found in Tarapur, Balia, Kamalapur, Baredia, Nasik, Kalyanpur, Dihasahi, Kundeshwar, Kaduapada, Tanra, Paradeep Garh, Mudupur and Marichipur. The four stone sculptures preserved in a newly built temple in Tarapur have been identified as the Buddha in Bhumisparsha mudra, the eight-armed Marichi, Manjubara Manjushree and the last image is goddess Prajna Paramita. In the Bhagavati temple of Balia we find Tara's image. In Kamalapur village there is a five-headed Oddiyana Marichi, cutely standing on a chariot drawn by seven swines. In Kaduapada village we also find another Marichi image. She is eight-armed and is being driven on a chariot by seven swines. In Paradeep Garh we find two temples. In the Pareshwara temple in the northern niche there is Avalokiteshwara Padmapani. The Lokeswara Temple in Paradeep Garh has drawn the attention of many scholars. The sanctum sanctorum has been built following the Buddhist temple architectural plan. It is Gajaprustha as it resembles the back and rear portion of an elephant. This architectural representation is unique in India. The Lokeswara image enshrined in the sanctum sanctorum is four-armed. Buddhist Lokeswara holding a string of beads, a water pitcher and a stump of lotus and the fourth hand showering blessings. Probably this temple belongs to the 8th -9 th century AD. The above narration is merely a brief introduction to the Hindu, Jain and Buddhist monuments in the district of Jagatsinghpur. A panoramic picture is available in the 1st volume of "Jagatsinghpur: Atita O’ Barttamana", compiled by Dr. Bholanath Rout (2006).

Paragraph 21: Although Hinduism is a little-practiced religion in China, it had a significant, but indirect role in influencing Chinese culture through Buddhist beliefs, practices and traditions (which share a common Dharmic root with Hinduism) which diffused and spread to China from India from the 1st or 2nd century CE onwards. During this influence and synthesis of ideas, some terms were mapped into pre-existing concepts - raksasas as luocha, others terms were introduced - pisacas in Hinduism as pishezuo in Chinese. As a result, traces of Hinduism's influence on Chinese culture can be found in Chinese Buddhism, which has syncretized many Hindu deities within its pantheon. One example is the Chinese Buddhist belief in the Twenty-Four Devas, a grouping of protective dharmapalas of Buddhism. Twenty-one of the devas in the group consists of deities borrowed from Hinduism, including, but not limited to, Dàzìzàitiān (Shiva), Dìshìtiān (Indra), Dàfàntiān (Brahma), Jíxiáng Tiānnǚ (Lakshmi), Biàncáitiān (Saraswati) and Yánmóluówáng (Yama). Statues of the Twenty-Four Devas are enshrined in many Chinese Buddhist temples and monasteries, usually in the Mahavira Hall. Aside from the deities, other beings from Hinduism are also shared in Chinese Buddhist belief, such as the Eight Legions of Devas and Nāgas (Chinese: 天龍八部; Pinyin: Tiānlóngbābù) which includes beings like asuras, mahoragas and kinnaras. Yakshas (Chinese: 夜叉; Pinyin: Yèchā) originally from Hinduism, are a class of nature ghosts or demons in Chinese Buddhism. Belief in the Yaksha made its way to China through the Lotus Sutra, which was originally translated into Chinese by Dharmaraksa around 290 CE, before being superseded by a translation in seven fascicles by Kumārajīva in 406 CE. Garuda, the mount of Vishnu, is also well known as Jiālóuluó (Chinese: 迦楼羅; Pinyin: Jiālóuluó) or The Golden Winged Great Peng (Chinese: 金翅大鵬雕; Pinyin: Jīnchì Dàpéng Diāo). Rakshasas (Chinese: 羅剎; Pinyin: Luóchà) are also well known in Chinese communities as human-eating demons or ghosts. For example, Princess Iron Fan, a demonic antagonist from the popular 16th century novel Journey To The West is described as a rakshasi. Another example is the Lokapālas, who take the form of the Four Heavenly Kings (Chinese: 四大天王; Pinyin: Sìdà Tiānwáng) in China, Taiwan and other Chinese communities. Various bodhisattvas are also described as manifesting in the form of Hindu deities. For example, Mǎtóu Guānyīn (馬頭觀音) is a manifestation of the Bodhisattva Guanyin who takes the form of the horse-headed god Hayagriva. The another manifestation of Guanyin, Zhǔntí Guānyīn (準提觀音), known in English as Cundi, is also considered to be an adaptation of the goddess Chandi, an alternate form of the goddess Parvarti. In another example, the deva or bodhisattva Mólìzhītiān (摩利支天), known in English as Mārīcī, is also identified with Cundi and with Mahēśvarī, the consort of Maheśvara, and therefore also has the title Mātrikā (佛母 Fo mǔ), Mother of the Myriad Buddhas. Many legends and stories in Chinese folk religion, such as Nezha, have been traced to Hindu mythology, such as through the 10th century translations of Tianxizai. Hanuman is also believed by some scholars to be a source for the Chinese mythological character Sun Wukong.

Paragraph 22: The community area was annexed from Cicero Township in 1869. After the 1871 Great Chicago Fire, plant workers moved to the area to support a new McCormick Reaper Company plant. Demographics shifted in 1890 towards immigrants from the Austro-Hungarian Empire, with many Czech cultural institutions and churches established in the area. The Czech in the area migrated towards the suburbs until a new influx of residents, Jewish former residents of Maxwell Street, became the majority around 1918 before moving northward around 1955. In the 1950s, another wave of residents, black people from the South Side and American South, became the new majority. Real estate brokers used blockbusting and scare tactics to remove white residents throughout the next decade.

Paragraph 23: Largely due to the company nature of the settlement, development was slow, with the first bank not opening until 1859. Until the National Bank established the first branch in Kooringa, most exchange was either in the form of company scrip or at shops operating as money exchanges. All towns, except Kooringa, were built outside the mining lease but were still close to the mine as it was at the northern edge of the lease. The formation of the townships was forced by the refusal of SAMA to grant any freeholds within Kooringa, so miners began moving into other townships from the end of 1849. During their early lives, each of the townships largely had their own hotels, churches, post offices, schools, and shops and identity. In 1851 the gold rush near Bathurst, New South Wales, emptied the town of many miners. Whole families, government officials and other townspeople left for the gold fields and by 1854 the town appeared largely deserted. The number of townships increased dramatically as a result of an 1858 proposal to extend a railway line from Gawler. When the railway failed to be built most of the new townships failed and, in 1876, the remaining townships formed the Corporation of Burra.

Paragraph 24: Anupama Kaul is a woman whose sister lives in New York. One day she gets a call from her sister and while they are talking on the phone, her sister is killed by the September 11 attacks. Anupama is devastated. A few years later Anu is happily engaged to Arpit Oberoi then Arpit leaves for America for business reasons and Anu is wooed by a man named Aman. Anupama accidentally meets Aman who tells her he is a secret agent appointed for special mission to kill terrorists, gradually Anupama gets attracted to Amans hard working and caring character. When Arpit comes back from America, Anu tells him that she is in love with Aman and she can't marry Arpit. Then Arpit starts asking questions: Who is Aman?  Where does he live? She can answer these questions but there's no evidence to support her answers, which leads Arpit to ask "Does he even exist?" The truth is Aman doesn't exist. He is just a figment of Anupama's imagination. Her friends and family try to explain to her that Aman doesn't exist. Anupama refuses to listen. Anupama is shown to psychatrist who tells Anupama mind is affected by her sisters death she heard in phone and is in szhizophrenia, Anupama close friend tells to parents that she saw a boy similar to Aman. Then, suddenly, Aman comes and everyone can see him. On Anupama's and Aman's wedding day Aman confesses that he is really Arpit and that he got plastic surgery. The only way that his face looks exactly like Aman's is that Arpit got the drawings from Anupama's sketchbook. Anupama hears this confession for which Arpit now tells there is no other way than this for him to get her married for their two families friendly relation. Anupama's best friend asks her to show proof. Anupama shows pictures of her and Aman at the movies when Arpit is still in America without even taking a second glance at the pictures. Her friend shows the pictures to her and she sees that Aman wasn't there. Marriage happens. 6 months later , pschatry doctors conference hall, doctor declares amupama as the 1st pt cured from szizophrenia and Anupama tells to audience all because of Arpit who now sitting with his original face. Later, it is revealed that she was the victim of schizophrenia and Aman was just a part of her imagination. Ending scene Arpit and Anupama walk out of the hall to car and now anupama see Aman infront of car but turns to Arpit and then turns to Aman and now nobody is seen infront or around that area, and Anupama enters the car and arpit also enters the car and car keeps moving and aman is seen again approach to car window side where anupama sits but anupama turns and sits attached to Arpith .

Paragraph 25: Taking shelter along with the Stinkies and Skun-ka'pe, who is soon abducted by the clones, Sam and Max uncover a mysterious cloning chamber under Stinky's diner, where the mysterious 'Clone Master' is using the clones to gather the remaining toys of power. They begin a search for the Clone Master and soon meet Mr. Papierwaite and Dr. Norrington, revealed to be the elder god Yog-Soggoth. The two explain that they were fused together when Sameth and Maximus disrupted Papierwaite's ritual in the past and the reason they fought for Max was so they could use his power and the Toybox to send Yog-Soggoth back home then destroy the Toybox for the good of everyone. Yog-Soggoth further explains that his race: The Elder Gods lived on earth and caused havoc before the Mole People banished them to the Dark Dimension and the Devil's Toybox was created to contain his childhood toys (The Toys of Power) to distract his grandson, Junior, while the Mole Men banished them both to the dark dimension, and if all the Toys are returned to The Devil's Toybox, Junior will be summoned and bring about the end of the world. Sam and Max learn that Momma Bosco is missing from Boscotech, and after calling her back in a seance, she reveals that she was paid handsomely by the Clone Master to supply the technology. Sam and Max restore her to life using the cloning machine in exchange for her help. Back in Stinky's Diner, Flint Paper is interrogating Stinky over the mysterious underground passages and exchanges between Stinky and her lover 'Mr. S'. Sam and Max help her escape from the Diner and then follow her to a meeting with Mr. S, who is revealed to be Sal. Shortly afterwards, the two fall under the control of the Clone Master but with their indirect help, Sam and Max follow the clones to where the Toybox has been taken. Before they can recover the toy box, they are stopped by Charlie Ho-Tep, an evil ventriloquist dummy and one of the Toys of Power in their possession who reveals himself to be the Clone Master. Sam and Max are captured and taken to the Statue of Liberty, where Charlie Ho-Tep plans to complete the ritual to summon Junior in the hope that he will be played with again. With the help of Dr. Norrington and Papierwaite, Max unleashes his psychic powers so that he no longer needs the Toys to defeat Charlie, tricking him into destroying the Toybox and himself. However, Max accidentally swallows some of the demonic essence left by Junior, causing him to turn into a giant beast.

Paragraph 26: In 2010 Staal realized the exhibitions Art, Property of Politics and Art, Property of Politics II: Freethinkers’ Space, in 2011 Art, Property of Politics III: Closed Architecture  and in 2012 Art, Property of Politics IV: Freethinkers' Space in which he researched the role of contemporary art in the political process. The first part took place in exhibition space TENT. in Rotterdam, during the municipal elections of 2010, in which he showed the artworks of all parties involved in the elections. The second part took place in the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven, the Netherlands and existed of artworks that were selected by the liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie, VVD) and the far-right Party for Freedom (Partij voor de Vrijheid, PVV) in their so-called ‘Freethinkers’ Space’: and exhibition space that the parties opened in Dutch parliament for artists that had dealt with religious (Islamic) censorship. The third part opened in Extra City in Antwerp, and continued in the form of a theater piece in Frascati in Amsterdam. Central in the project is a thesis entitled Closed Architecture (2004) written by the far-right MP Fleur Agema, number two on the list of the Dutch Freedom Party (Partij voor de Vrijheid, PVV). The thesis comprises a sketch for a new prison model, which Agema has developed during her master's degree in Interior Design. In the project Staal expanded Agema's sketches into a fully developed model.<ref>Website Jonas Staal [http://www.jonasstaal.nl/works/kunstbezitIII_en.html Documentation of the publication, film and maquette 'Art, Property of Politics III: Closed Architecture] </ref> Moreover, it investigates the extent to which her earlier architectural work is the blueprint from which she now exerts an influence on current government policies, and hence the organization of our present society.Staal, Jonas (08-12-2011) “De samenleving als gevangenis”, Groene Amsterdammer  The fourth part took place in the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven and in art space De Appel in Amsterdam as a result of an open call made by Rogier Verkroost, politician for the social-liberal Democrats 66 party, and GreenLeft politician Jesse Klaver to immediately re-open the Freethinkers’ SpaceGroenlinks.nl (12-11-2011) Klaver neemt Vrijdenkersruimte over’ that had been closed in 2011 by the liberal VVD and extreme-right PVV. The creation of these new Freethinker's spaces was supported by Staal and the museum. Verkroost's and Klaver's Freethinkers‘ Spaces opened in September 2012,Klaver, Jesse (17-11-3012) ‘Nederland als Vrijdenkersruimte’, Freethinkers' Lecture on website Joop.nl followed in Amsterdam by a Freethinkers’ Space curated by Carolien Gehrels, alderman for arts and culture for the Labour Party in Amsterdam.

Paragraph 27: Each military settlement consisted of 60 interconnected houses (дома-связи) with a regiment of 228 men. Each such house had four masters with indivisible household economy. The life in a military settlement was strictly controlled. In fact military settlers did not live in these rather comfortable specially built interconnected houses (svyaz), because they were built only to be shown to higher military officials as a proof that the Emperor’s wish had been fully accomplished. Military settlers found shelter in small side houses. The internal regulations enforced by Arakcheyev strictly prohibited any residents to be inside of these houses. If someone had been seen inside a living apartment of the house, he was subject to immediate severe corporal punishment. It was restricted to use or even touch pots and similar household things inside living parts of the houses. The Arakcheyev’s instructions strictly prescribed that each pot must be placed on the specified place inside the house. If a pot was removed from its place, military resident of the respective house was punished. The peasants had to undergo military training, which caused tardiness and unseasonableness in agricultural activities. Corporal punishment was common. Military settlements were being created on fiscal lands (казённые земли), which would often provoke riots among the state-owned peasants (казённые крестьяне), like the ones in Kholynskaya and Vysotskaya volosts of the Novgorod guberniya in 1817 and among the Bug Cossacks in 1817–1818. Alexander I, however, stood his ground and announced that "military settlements will be created, even if we have to pave the road from Saint Petersburg to Chudov [today’s Chudovo; some  away from Petersburg] with dead bodies". By 1825, Russia had already built military settlements in Petersburg, Novgorod (along the Volkhov River and near Staraya Russa), Mogilev, Sloboda Ukraine, Kherson, Ekaterinoslav and other guberniyas. They made up for almost one fourth of the Russian army (one third, according to other accounts) and accumulated some 32 million rubles worth of savings, but still were not able to satisfy the army’s recruiting needs.

Paragraph 28: Sangat revolves around the tale of Adnan (Mikaal Zulfiqar) and Ayesha (Saba Qamar) and how their lives change when Ayesha is raped by Shavez (Zahid Ahmed), giving birth to a baby girl named Sangat. On her 'Aqiqah' ceremony, Adnan's sister lights up some candles which create smoke and Sangat has trouble breathing. When they take Sangat to a hospital, the doctors say that she has Thalassemia and they give a DNA test, proving that Sangat is not Adnan's daughter. At first, Adnan doesn't believe it, but later he gets the DNA test again from a different hospital but the result is same. Then, he confronts Ayesha, and she tells him everything she went through. At first, he ask who assaulted her, but she lies and says she doesn't know and he had a cloth around him. Adnan later gets drunk and stays away for Sangat. Shavez has to keep on donating blood and eventually comes closer to Sangat; playing with her, taking care for her etc. Shavez however, has in own problems. He wants to leave the city but her aunt (Ayesha's mum) is telling him that he should get married and then move with his wife (Salma). After seeing Shavez emotionally attached to Sangat, Ayesha tells him not to leave and stay with her mum. Salma on the other side, is jealous of Shavez's relationship with Ayesha and wants the marriage to proceed quickly as possible. Shavez is having second thoughts about the wedding as if he isn't going to move, then he doesn't need to get married and ends up in Ayesha problems. Adnan wants to stay with Ayesha, but she thinks they shouldn't as Sangat will always be a part of her life and therefore to reaccept Ayesha, he will have to reaccept Sangat. Adnan cannot do so, so he lets Ayesha stay in her mothers house with Shavez, unaware that he is the man that assaulted Ayesha. Ayesha lies to her mum about the operation being the problem as to why she needs some rest. Adnan's sister and mother both try to figure out why the relationship is breaking but they are not able to as Adnan is lying about the operation money, (they need a lot of money for the operation). With Ayesha and Shavez living in the same house they are becoming even closer and Ayesha has now had a change of heart and tries to keep her calm from Shavez.

Paragraph 29: Silver, who is going simply by her last name, is introduced during the pilot and quickly becomes good friends with Annie Wilson, and develops a romantic interest in Annie's adopted brother Dixon Wilson, which quickly blossoms into a relationship. Before the first season, Silver warns Annie not to trust Naomi Clark, informing her that they were once best friends. Silver tells Annie that during their friendship, Silver confided in Naomi about her father's affair, but that Naomi caused it to become public knowledge; this resulted in Silver's mother relapsing. During the series, Silver celebrates her half-birthday because her mother always seems to mess up her real birthday. In "By Accident", Dixon dumps Silver after taking advice from his mother, but later in 'Help Me, Rhonda' they get back together after Silver finally admits that she is in love with him. On Valentine's Day, Dixon and Silver lose their virginity to one another. It has been clear from the start of the season that Silver has a slightly manic personality, but in "Life's a Drag", she becomes more unbalanced. She visits Dixon at the Peach Pit, where they end up having sex. Silver secretly tapes it and then shows the tape to an entire theater, causing Dixon to break up with her. She ends up breaking into Ryan Matthews' house, claiming that he destroyed her relationship with Dixon, and threatening him with a bottle of wine unless he fixes everything. Silver then attempts to run away to Kansas, stating repeatedly that going there would help her solve her problems with Dixon. At the station, a stranger notices her erratic behavior, and after she falls asleep, borrows her phone and calls someone to come get her. Dixon and his mother and father find her on the train tracks. Dixon remembers his birth mother, who had bipolar disorder, displayed the same symptoms, and realizes that Silver suffers from it also. Dixon calms Silver down and they take her to the hospital. Soon, Silver finds it unbearable to go back to West Beverly High due to the gossip surrounding her recent behavior, and decides to move to St. Claire's School. She initially tries to make a fresh start, but another girl recognizes her and wants her to be honest with the other students, going so far as doing a hunger strike until Silver sends the video to everyone. Silver then reprimands her because she's now considered a slut by everyone else. After Dixon gets a large number of students to vote for her as a write-in, Silver is awarded the West Bev "prom queen" at that year's prom, but admits that she's not prom material, which creates distance between her and Dixon. Later at Naomi's after party, whilst swimming, Dixon and Ethan end up confronting one another, which leads to Ethan Ward admitting that he likes her. Silver later runs into Ethan and asks him about his statement, she tells him that they are just friends, to which Ethan responds by kissing her and telling her that he doesn't think that they're just friends and that he doesn't want them to be just friends.

Paragraph 30: Illinois 8 largely parallels Interstate 74 from Maquon to Washington.  After entering Peoria from the west, it crosses the Illinois River with Illinois Route 116 on the Cedar Street Bridge between Peoria and East Peoria. Illinois 8/116 stays joined until Camp Street, where U.S. Route 24 and Illinois Route 29/116 continue geographically northeast, and are signed east and north, respectively, with U.S. Route 150 westbound, forming a wrong-way concurrency. Illinois 8 turns east onto Camp Street with U.S. 150 eastbound. In spite of this concurrency, up until 2005 the eastbound I-74 exit to Camp Street was only marked for U.S. 150, while the next eastbound exit to Washington Street was marked as "To Illinois 8" even though Washington Street is unnumbered in East Peoria. At the Washington Street intersection, U.S. 150 leaves Illinois 8 and runs east-southeast towards Morton, while Illinois 8 runs east-northeast through unincorporated Sunnyland.