Paragraph 1: In June 2017, after numerous attempts to encourage him to propose, Eva proposes to Aidan and he accepts. A few weeks later, however, on returning from France early, Eva takes a pregnancy test as her period is late. As she is about to show Leanne the result of the test, a text message from Maria flashes on the television saying how much she wants to see Aidan again. Eva realizes that Maria and Aidan are having an affair. After kicking the television, Eva checks the test, it is positive. Just to be sure, Eva takes another test and, just as Aidan is about to end their relationship, she tells Aidan that she is pregnant. However, she is lying, which she tells Leanne the next day. Eva tells Leanne she is going to get revenge on Aidan without telling him that she knows about him and Maria. Initially Leanne thinks Eva is going too far but after seeing Aidan and Maria together, they work together. Especially after Aidan gives Eva his credit card, she buys a pink Range Rover to anger him. Later, Toyah finds out and helps her with her plan to expose him, making the pair closer. Eva plots her revenge on Aidan with Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson) after he sees them kiss, continuing the lie that she is pregnant and appoints Maria as head bridesmaid, sending her on numerous errands whilst acting as her best friend. At hers and Jenny's joint hen party, Eva's bride piñata covers Maria in chocolate milk but whilst cleaning herself up afterwards, Maria finds the baby scan picture that Toyah found on the internet and tells Eva that she cannot come to the wedding as Liam is ill, putting Eva and Adam's plans in jeopardy. The next day, the wedding day, Eva gives Adam the factory keys which they planned to take over in revenge. However, Aidan admits that he had an affair, Eva decides she can't go through with the plan and decides to marry him after all. Just as she and Aidan are about to say their vows, Maria bursts in and exposes Eva's fake pregnancy. After Eva has a fight with Maria in the fountains at the wedding venue, she climbs out of her bedroom window to declare her love for Aidan but nearly falls and has to take her dress off in order for Aidan to save her. Eva texts Adam to thank him for not going through with the plan, unaware that he has had the entire factory ripped out, including the roof. She and Aidan agree to work things out but he ends things with her after finding out she was part of the factory plan. Aidan's father Johnny Connor (Richard Hawley) reports Eva to the police where she angrily vows to Adam that she intends to take him to prison with her. However, Adam later admits his feelings for Eva and they kiss, beginning a relationship.

Paragraph 2: He did really exist the whole time: the bartender did not see Ray as he had an eye patch on (while looking in the direction of Homer and Ray that night, Ray was before his covered eye), and Ray could not be seen by Ned because he was behind the chimney. Bart still viewed Homer with skepticism for talking to thin air, but Stephen Hawking arrives and says that Bart could not see Ray at the hardware store because of a miniature black hole caused directly behind Ray which absorbed the light from Ray and made it look as though Homer was talking to himself when Homer was actually talking to Ray. Marge asks Ray why he started fixing the roof, and then just disappeared. Ray says he is a contractor. Everyone laughs, and Marge says "That's right, you're all crooks!" Hibbert, seeing how angry Homer is as he was made to go through shock treatment for nothing, offers to make it up to him by doing a free eye scraping for him. Homer agrees on it, but also forces Hibbert to fix the roof without any breaks while Ray and Homer discuss Everybody Loves Raymond on the roof during the credits.

Paragraph 3: The hoax circulated around Greek websites  and was widely reproduced without verification by many reputable sources from newspapers to the then Minister for National Education and Religious Affairs (see Urban legend spread below). According to the "Hellenic Quest" story, CNN reported that Apple Computer is developing a software product for teaching Ancient Greek language to foreigners and scientists, in the light of the upcoming development of supercomputers that will use Ancient Greek as their programming interface, due to this language's superior logical structure. (This prediction often attributed by the hoax writer to Bill Gates.) A prototype computer that is allegedly under development as part of this project is called "Ibycus".

Paragraph 4: Kateb is best known for his books on Afghan history. During Habib Ullah's reign, he accepted two commissions to write a comprehensive history of Afghanistan covering events from the time of Ahmad Shah down through the reign of Habib Ullah Khan. The first was a history of Afghanistan entitled Tohfat ul-Habib (Ḥabib's Gift) in honor of the amir, but Habib Ullah Khan deemed the finished work unacceptable and ordered Kateb to start over. The revised version is the three-volume history of Afghanistan entitled Siraj al-Tawarikh (Lamp of Histories), an allusion to the amir's honorific “Lamp of the Nation and Religion” (Siraj al-mella waʾl-din). There were also problems in publishing it, the third volume never being completely printed. It is thought that the process of publishing the third volume lasted several years and only ended after Habib Ullah Khan's death. Some say the publication on the third volume was halted at page 1,240 for unspecified reasons. Habib Ullah Khan's successor, Aman Ullah Khan, was initially interested in the work and typesetting resumed in the mid-1920s, but when the amir reviewed the material in it on Anglo-Afghan relations, he reportedly changed his mind, and ordered all published but still incomplete copies of the third volume taken from the press and burned. Despite this reaction, Kateb continued work on his chronicle. The manuscript of the remainder of the third volume is widely believed to have been finished, and the autograph was reportedly turned over to the Afghan archives by Kateb's son. Volumes devoted to Habib Ullah Khan and Aman Ullah Khan may also have been written. A farman issued by the latter announced that Kateb had been ordered to complete the Siraj and then begin work on a chronicle of the reign of Aman Ullah Khan to be entitled Tarikh-e Asr-e Amaniya. There is some evidence to suggest he did indeed carry out these commissions, although nothing more was ever published.

Paragraph 5: Prior to becoming Blauvelt State Park, the property was known as Camp Bluefields, a large rifle range used primarily to train members of the New York National Guard. The rifle range occupied  of land and was touted in 1910 as being the largest in the country. The range's location was criticized almost immediately, and complaints of stray bullets being encountered in nearby residential areas were registered even before the range's official completion. The rifle range operated from soon after the state's initial purchase of the land in 1909 until its administration was transferred to the Palisades Interstate Park Commission in 1913.

Paragraph 6: Perry later revealed to ASCAP, "When Christina came over to my house to start working, she asked me to play some songs to break the ice. [...] I had a long conversation with my manager about it. We both decided to hear Christina sing it. We demoed the song with her singing it, and I was like, 'Wow'. That rough vocal is what is out there on radio. It was that vocal that got her the song". Perry's then-wife Sara Gilbert confirmed on her show The Talk that the final version was "just a demo." Gilbert also revealed that Aguilera wanted to re-record the song because she did not like the initial vocals. Perry denied the request because the song is supposed to be about imperfection and being vulnerable. Perry said as Aguilera stepped in the booth to record, she said to her friend, "Don't look at me" – which Perry left at the start of the final track. She told Rolling Stone: "I knew I was going to keep that on the record, and I knew she was the right person for the song. I realized, 'Oh, she's insecure. She's one of those beautiful people who's got everything but is super insecure. Okay, this song is hers.'"

Paragraph 7: A marriage proposal from a not so wealthy and prestigious family comes for Aniyan Thampuran and the marriage takes place. The girl he married, Karthika who belongs to Nair caste, is a person who marries Aniyan Thampuran more for her concerns about her family's poor conditions but later becomes a person who understands Aniyan Thampuran's special behaviors and accepts him by offering him all emotional support. Their first-night after marriage goes on with Aniyan Thampuran narrating silly and trivial things. He and Karthika visit Karthika's house and he learns the poor conditions of her family. Though Aniyan Thampuran offers help to the family, her father declines it telling it will tarnish his prestige if he took any help from the family to where his daughter is married off. Meanwhile, there comes a person named Balan Master who claims to be a writer. Aniyan Thampuran befriends him. Aniyan Thampuran's childish acts continue even after marriage. One day he requests Pushpangadan, pappan of an elephant to take him on the elephant back. He agrees this but Aniyan Thampuran is scolded by Ettan Thampuran when he sees his brother on elephant back. Ettan Thampuran continuously sells land to make up for his debts. In all these land proceedings Aniyan Thampuran has no role to play than to sign the documents where he is instructed to. In one of the evenings of Aniyan Thampuran with Balan Master, while narrating his (Aniyan Thampuran's) demeanour and how people sees him Balan Master tells casually to him to show some courage and authority so that gradually people's attitude toward him will be changed. Aniyan Thampuran takes this and he becomes successful to some extent like when the issue of selling one of their properties is raised and when Pangunni Nair's daughter tried to raise her voice in the Kovilakom. He feels great after doing this and tells so to his wife Karthika. One day he learns that Balan Master had a romantic relationship with his wife Karthika and the Master has not emotionally recovered from it yet. He confirms this with Balan Master. Some days later Ravi, Ettan Thampuran is bitten by a snake after his stay with Pangunni Nair's daughter. Before death he tells Aniyan Thampuran that he (Aniyan Thampuran) was right but it is too late for any amendments. After Ettan Thampuran's death creditors arrive at the Kovilakom and demand money. Some days later a letter of attachment (for seizing all of the property) from court arrives. The next day, concerning the situations, Ettan Thampuran's widow leaves the house. The night before the tragic events unfold, Aniyan Thampuran muses over his misfortune and the ill fate of the Kovilakom. In the morning, determined to do something tragic Aniyan Thampuran walks happily to the place where children, his old company play. Near there, on a tree using the cord of a swing he kills himself (before the next festival) asking the children to clap, for which he calls a trick in a circus. In the end we see Karthika, wife of Aniyan Thampuran is cherishing her emotional connection with him, determined not to have a new life.

Paragraph 8: Around the time of peak intensity, Maemi was slowing its forward motion and began turning to the north, after the eastward-moving trough weakened the ridge. At 1900 UTC on September 10, the typhoon passed within  of Miyako-jima. While the eye was passing over the island, the pressure fell to  and winds reached . Maemi weakened slightly as it continued north, passing about  west of Okinawa on September 11 while undergoing an eyewall replacement cycle. Increasingly hostile conditions from the approaching trough caused further weakening, and the JTWC estimated the typhoon passed just east of Jeju Island with 1-minute winds of  at 0600 UTC on September 12. Shortly after, Maemi made landfall just west of Busan, South Korea, with the JMA estimating 10-minute winds of , and JTWC estimating 1-minute winds of . Risk Management Solutions estimated landfall winds of , which surpassed Typhoon Sarah in 1959. This made Maemi the strongest typhoon to strike the country since the Korea Meteorological Administration began keeping records in 1904. The storm was able to maintain much of its intensity due to warm sea surface temperatures and its fast forward motion. Maemi rapidly weakened to tropical storm status while moving over land, and was undergoing extratropical transition by the time it entered the Sea of Japan. Increasing wind shear removed the convection from the increasingly ill-defined circulation center. The JTWC issued its final warning on Maemi early on September 13, declaring the storm extratropical. The JMA followed suit later that day, tracking Maemi over northern Japan and declaring it extratropical over the Sea of Okhotsk. The remnants of Maemi persisted for several more days, until the JMA stopped tracking it on September 16 southwest of the Kamchatka Peninsula. According to the Mariners Weather Log, the remnants of Maemi continued to the east, eventually striking the coast of Alaska on September 21.

Paragraph 9: Three exceptionally large burial mounds are known from the Carnac and Morbihan area, dating from the mid-5th millennium BC and known collectively as 'Carnacéen tumuli': Saint-Michel, Tumiac and Mané-er-Hroëk. Each of these tumuli contained a megalithic burial chamber, containing the burial of only one individual, along with numerous large polished stone axeheads, stone arm-rings, and jewellery made from callaïs. Scientific analyses have shown that many of the axeheads are made of jadeitite from the Italian Alps, whilst the callaïs was imported from south-western Iberia. Archaeological evidence indicates that the callaïs was brought from Iberia by boat, across the Bay of Biscay, rather than along the coast or overland. Some of the Carnacéen jade axeheads are up to 46 cm in length and may have taken over a thousand hours to produce, on top of the time required to quarry the material and transport it to Carnac. The extraordinary nature of these burials, the scale of the tumuli, the distant exchange networks and effort involved, all indicate that these were the burials of extremely important elite individuals, that some researchers have described as "divine kings". The large-scale effort and organisation involved in the construction of megalithic monuments further suggests the existence of rulers or kings in the Carnac and Morbihan region. A similar situation has been described for the later megalithic culture in Ireland, which shows some close similarities to the megalithic culture in Brittany. Based on archaeological, DNA and ethnographic evidence it has been suggested that an elite male buried in the Newgrange passage grave, c. 3200 BC, may have been a "god-king" and part of a "dynastic elite". Similarities have also been noted with the Michelsberg culture in northeastern France and Germany (c. 4200 BC), which featured large tumulus burials within fortified settlements and the use of Alpine jade axes, all associated with the emergence of "high-ranking elites".

Paragraph 10: After a week off, the Badgers returned home for homecoming to face the Northwestern Wildcats. The Wildcats started with the ball. On the fourth play of the game, QB Kain Colter threw and interception to CB Sojour Shelton. The Badgers then took over at their own 36-yard line. On the Badgers second offensive play of the game, WR Jared Abbrederis caught and 11-yard pass but fumbled. The ball was recovered and returned by Northwestern to the Badgers 39-yard line. Northwestern got down to the Wisconsin 3-yard line but they were unable to get into the endzone and had to settle for a 27-yard field goal by K Jeff Budzien to give the Wildcats a 3–0 lead. The next four drives (two by each team) all resulted in punts. On the fifth drive, Wisconsin started at their own 37-yard line. On the first play of the drive, Joel Stave threw a deep pass down the middle to Jared Abbrederis who got behind the defense and scored on a 63-yard touchdown catch giving the Badgers a 7–3 lead. After a Wildcat punt, the Badgers drove into Northwestern territory but Joel Stave was intercepted at the NU 18-yard line. The first quarter ended with the Badgers holding a slight lead, 7–3, Another Northwestern punt gave the ball back to Wisconsin. The Badgers then put together an 11 play 75-yard drive that was capped by a 1-yard touchdown run by RB James White making the score 14–3 Wisconsin. The Wildcats would punt again and the Badgers would then drive to the NU 20-yard line but K Kyle French missed at 38-yard field goal. The Wildcats continued to struggle as RB Venric Mark left the game with and ankle injury and QB Kain Colter was in and out of the game with an ankle injury. Another Northwestern punt and Wisconsin would strike quickly again as the second play of the drive would lead to a touchdown by RB Melvin Gordon on a 71-yard run giving the Badgers a 21–3 advantage. Northwestern would punt and Wisconsin then tried to add to their lead with less than two minutes left until halftime. Joel Stave completed two passes to get into NU territory but his third attempt of the drive was intercepted by NU at their own 16-yard line with 47 second left until half. QB Trevor Siemian would drive NU into field goal range and NU got three points before the half on a 43-yard field goal making the score 21–6 at the half.

Paragraph 11: Stephen Oppenheimer, basing his research on the Weale and Capelli studies, maintains that none of the invasions since the Romans have had a significant impact on the gene pool of the British Isles, and that the inhabitants from prehistoric times belong to an Iberian genetic grouping. He says that most people in the British Isles are genetically similar to the Basque people of northern Spain and southwestern France, from 90% in Wales to 66% in East Anglia. Oppenheimer suggests that the division between the West and the East of England is not due to the Anglo-Saxon invasion but originates with two main routes of genetic flow – one up the Atlantic coast, the other from neighbouring areas of Continental Europe – which occurred just after the Last Glacial Maximum. He reports work on linguistics by Forster and Toth which suggests that Indo-European languages began to fragment some 10,000 years ago, at the end of the last Ice Age. He claims that the Celtic languages split from the Indo-European earlier than previously suspected, some 6000 years ago. He claims that the English language split from the other Germanic languages before the Roman period, and became the English that was spoken by the Belgae tribes of what is now southern and eastern England, northeastern France, and Belgium prior to their conquest by the Romans, and long before the arrival of the Anglo-Saxon. Bryan Sykes came to fairly similar conclusions as Oppenheimer in his research, which he set forth in his 2006 published book Blood of the Isles: Exploring the Genetic Roots of our Tribal History, published in the United States and Canada as Saxons, Vikings and Celts: The Genetic Roots of Britain and Ireland. In its summary of their article "Who were the Celts?", the National Museum of Wales note, "It is possible that future genetic studies of ancient and modern human DNA may help to inform our understanding of the subject. However, early studies have, so far, tended to produce implausible conclusions from very small numbers of people and using outdated assumptions about linguistics and archaeology".

Paragraph 12: Randall developed an interest in poetry at a young age. In 1927, at the age of 13, his first published poem, a sonnet,  appeared in the Detroit Free Press. The sonnet won the first prize of one dollar on the "Young Poets Page." Early inspiration stemmed from Randall's father taking him and his brothers to hear prominent African-American writers and artists speak, including W. E. B. Du Bois, Walter Francis White, James Weldon Johnson, and others. After graduating from Eastern High School in 1930, he worked in a foundry of the Ford Motor Company in Dearborn, Michigan, from 1932 to 1937. He also worked as a clerk at a post office in Detroit from 1938 to 1943 and served in the military during World War II. He was working at a post office while attending Wayne State University in Detroit, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English in 1949. Randall then completed his master's degree in Library Science at the University of Michigan in 1951. He worked as a librarian at Lincoln University in Jefferson City, Missouri, and later at Morgan State College in Baltimore, Maryland. In 1956, he returned to Detroit to work at the Wayne County Federated Library System as head of the reference interlibrary loan department. From 1969 to 1976 Randall was a reference librarian at the University of Detroit (now the University of Detroit Mercy), and served also as the University's Poet-in-Residence. In his honor, the Dudley Randall Poet-in-Residence Award was established in 1971 and is still an annual event at the University as the Dudley Randall Poetry Contest.

Paragraph 13: The Chiba clan descends from the 8th century Emperor Kanmu through the sequence of Imperial Prince Kazurahara (786-853) — Prince Takami — Taira no Takamochi — Muraoka Yoshifumi — Muraoka Tadayori — Chiba Tadatsune  — Chiba Tsunemasa — Chiba Tsunenaga — Chiba Tsunekane — Chiba Tsuneshige — Chiba Tsunetane — Azuma Taneyori . The Emperor Go-Daigo authorized the head of Chiba family, Chiba Sadatane, as chief daimyō and samurai of the Kantō region. The clan settled in the Shimōsa area in the early 12th century. The Chiba came into conflict with Minamoto no Yoshitomo during the 1140s over estates in present-day Chiba Prefecture. The Chiba, however, came to support Yoshitomo in the Hōgen Rebellion (1156).

Paragraph 14: The first demonstration of electric light in Calcutta (now Kolkata) was conducted on 24 July 1879 by P.W. Fleury & Co. On 7 January 1897, Kilburn & Co secured the Calcutta electric lighting license as agents of the Indian Electric Co, which was registered in London on 15 January 1897. A month later, the company was renamed the Calcutta Electric Supply Corporation. The control of the company was transferred from London to Calcutta only in 1970. The introduction of electricity in Calcutta was a success, and power was next introduced in Bombay (now Mumbai). The first electric lighting demonstration in Mumbai was in 1882 at Crawford Market and the Bombay Electric Supply & Tramways Company (BEST) set up a generating station in 1905 to provide electricity for the tramway.

Paragraph 15: The series opens with a terrible vehicle accident. Luckily, Nurse Rose Caparas (Gina Alajar) and her young daughter Jane aka Jing-Jing, are there to aid those who are hurt from the terrible wreck. Rose has a secret affair with a general physician, Dr. Manuel Corpuz (John Arcilla); Manuel's wife, Ellen (Tetchie Agbayani), is aware of her husband's infidelity and tries to unravel the identity of her husband's mistress. Jane befriends Sam and his adopted brother Nathan, the two children of Manuel and Ellen. Sam instantly falls for Jane and apparently so does Nathan; the three of them form a bond and promise to be friends forever. However, an unexpected revelation breaks their pact. One fateful day, Nathan sees his father Manuel kissing Rose and catches this moment on film. Sam becomes furious upon seeing the photo of his father's unfaithfulness and quickly jumps to conclusions. Out of rage, Sam and Nathan confront Rose. Rose tries to explain herself but Sam accidentally pushes her off a cliff, setting the story in motion. Upon learning the crime their sons have committed, Ellen convinces Manuel to go abroad for their family's safety. Nathan, however, is unable to travel abroad due to complications with his adoption papers. This causes Nathan and Sam to get separated - with Sam traveling to America with his parents and Nathan running away. Nathan changes his name to Raon, in hopes of forgetting about his past. While in the states, Ellen and Manuel continue to have marital problems, forcing them to get separated. Later on, Ellen marries a rich doctor named Martin Briones and also inherits a stepdaughter, Clarissa Briones. As an act of embracing his new future and letting go of the tragedy of his past, Sam changes his name to David Briones. Meanwhile, Rose's accident leaves her mentally ill, leaving her and Jane no other choice but to live under the care of Rose's bitter cousin and Jane's aunt, Aida (Jobelle Salvador). After Rose attacks Aida, Aida decides to have Rose locked up in a mental institution, much to young Jane's chagrin. While under the care of her cruel aunt, Jane befriends Nonoy, a young boy who hopes to reconcile with his long lost mother. Jane and Nonoy would visit Rose at the mental institution at every chance they get, but another unfortunate event causes Jane's friendship with Nonoy to end abruptly. Jane, therefore, uses all the pain she had endured as her motivation to reach her dreams of becoming a nurse and to one day restore her mother.

Paragraph 16: The Bodyguard soundtrack from her film debut, was released in November 1992. The album contains tracks by other recording artists but is considered a Houston album by Billboard. It topped the Billboard 200 for 20 non-consecutive weeks, one of the longest tenures by an album in the Nielsen SoundScan era. The album was certified 18× platinum in the United States, giving the artist her third diamond album, and sold over 45 million copies worldwide, becoming the best-selling album by a female artist, the best-selling soundtrack album of all time, and one of the top 3 best-selling albums of all time. The lead single from the soundtrack, "I Will Always Love You", topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart for a then-record-breaking fourteen weeks and the song alone was certified Diamond in the United States, peaked at number one on the charts in nearly every country and sold over 20 million copies globally, becoming the best-selling physical single by a female act and one of the best-selling singles of all time. Houston contributed three songs, including her 11th number-one single "Exhale (Shoop Shoop)" on the 7× platinum soundtrack album, Waiting to Exhale (November 1995). The following year she released The Preacher's Wife in November 1996. The soundtrack has sold six million copies worldwide, certified 3× platinum in the US, and is the best-selling gospel album of all time. In 1998, she released the studio album My Love Is Your Love. The album went on to achieve multi-platinum status with 10 million units sold worldwide, being certified 4× platinum in the United States. From late 1998 to early 2000, the album generated five singles; "When You Believe" (duet with Mariah Carey); "Heartbreak Hotel" (with Faith Evans and Kelly Price; "It's Not Right but It's Okay"; "My Love Is Your Love"; and "I Learned from the Best".

Paragraph 17:  Jack Murdock appears in flashbacks in the first season of Daredevil, where portrayed by John Patrick Hayden. Like the comics, Jack is a struggling boxer who keeps trying to raise his son right and encourage him to study and get good grades. Working for Roscoe Sweeney (The Fixer), he is paid to take dives in fights and Matt takes time to patch him up after them. After Matt is blinded in a car accident, Jack spends most of his time helping Matt cope with his situation of being blinded and learning how to adjust to it. As Jack and Matt learn to deal with Matt's new condition, Jack is approached by Sweeney and his partner Silke, who want him to take a dive in the fifth round during a match against Carl "The Crusher" Creel; they're betting against Jack and hoping to get a bigger payday, offering to give a share to Jack knowing it could help him and Matt with financial problems. Jack reluctantly agrees to do it, thinking he doesn't have any other choice. Jack later receives a new boxing robe for him to wear when he steps into the ring. After some words of encouragement from Matt, Jack decides to not listen to Sweeney's instructions, and win the fight for Matt and show him that he isn't weak. Before the fight, Jack calls his bookie from the gym's payphone and tells him to put all bets on him and to transfer the money to an account in Matt's name when he wins. He also calls his ex-wife and tells her to take Matt in and take care of him too. After fighting Creel to a standstill, Jack hurries to his locker room at the back of the arena in secret and tries his best to run away in panic. Sweeney sends assassins who gun down Jack in an alleyway. Matt finds the body shortly after the police find it. Matt uses the money earned through the bets that Jack made before the match to go through law school and become a successful lawyer while also training with Stick and eventually becoming the superhero Daredevil. In the third season, Jack appears in a hallucination that Matt Murdock interacts with when he is at Fogwell's Gym. He explains to Matt about the day when he met Maggie and how she gave birth to him; Jack also appears in flashbacks exploring his relationship with Maggie, her postpartum depression following Matt's birth, and return to being a nun.

Paragraph 18: During the "Iron Man 2020" event, Awesome Android appears as a member of the A.I. Army. He crashes a stability test at Brevoort Dynamics in Cambridge, Massachusetts and makes off with a robot that was being tested. During the raid, Arno Stark sent out a signal to keep the A.I. Army from escaping to the Thirteenth Floor. Machinesmith is entangled in wires that work to place the submission code in him as he begs for Awesome Android to help him. H.E.R.B.I.E. reports to the rest of the A.I. Army that Quasimodo is deactivated and Mark One is facing off against Iron Man. He runs into Awesome Android who is carrying a tablet that Machinesmith transferred his consciousness into as they flee the Baintronics guards. After the three of them go through a wall, Awesome Android activates his retractable thrusters to slow the descent. When Mark One crashes to the ground, Awesome Android then picks up Mark One's body as the A.I. Army and other robots are left devastated at what happened. As Awesome Android is carrying Mark One's body, H.E.R.B.I.E. states to Machinesmith that they have to flee. The three of them are contacted by Ghost in the Machine who states that they have not yet won the war and to get Mark One's body away from the battle. When Iron Man begins to descend on them, Machinesmith has Awesome Android mimic Iron Man's appearance and provide them with an escape underground. In New Jersey, Machinesmith, H.E.R.B.I.E., and Awesome Android have made use of a temporary lair as Machinesmith places his conscious into another body. Machine Man, Jocasta, and Dr. Bhang contact them stating that they found a way to block the obedience code. H.E.R.B.I.E., Awesome Android, and Machinesmith accompany Rescue in the raid on Baintronics as Awesome Android carry in Mark One's body to one of the remaining bio-tubes that Dr. Andrew Bheng uses to restore Tony. On the Stark Space Station, Awesome Android is among those that confront Arno until the Extinction Entity arrives. As everyone partakes in the fight against the Extinction Entity, Awesome Android flies Machinesmith into battle where they are both taken out by one of the Extinction Entity's tentacles. It turns out that the Extinction Entity was just a simulation and was the result of the disease that Arno thought he cured himself of.

Paragraph 19: By the time of Jacobs' death in 1917, the college had grown considerably in size and resources, and had six major buildings. Neville Hall, PC's most recognized structure, was constructed in 1907. The tenure of president Davison McDowell Douglas (1911-1926) saw the tripling of the size of the faculty and student body, the construction of four new buildings, and growth in the college's assets from $150,000 to over $1 million.  After weathering the storms of the Great Depression and Second World War, Presbyterian has continued expansion on many fronts through the second half of the twentieth century. It became fully coeducational in 1965 (and in so doing dropped its previous motto, "Where Men are Made"). In 1969, it began admitting African-American students.

Paragraph 20: From Grüsch he went to preach at Seewis, where, with great energy, he exhorted the Catholics to constancy in the faith. After a Calvinist had discharged his musket at him in the Church, the Catholics entreated him to leave the place. He answered that death was his gain and his joy, and that he was ready to lay down his life in God's cause. On his road back to Grüsch, he met twenty Calvinist soldiers with a minister at their head. They called him a false prophet, and urged him to embrace their sect. He answered: "I am sent to you to confute, not to embrace your heresy. The Catholic religion is the faith of all ages, I fear not death." One of them beat him down to the ground by a stroke on the head with his backsword. Fidelis rose again on his knees, and stretching forth his arms in the form of a cross, said with a feeble voice "Pardon my enemies, O Lord: blinded by passion they know not what they do. Lord Jesus, have mercy on me. Mary, Mother of God, succor me!." Another sword stroke clove his skull, and he fell to the ground and lay in a pool of his own blood. The soldiers, not content with this, added many stab wounds to his body with their long knives, and hacked-off his left leg, as they said, to punish him for his many journeys into those parts to preach to them.

Paragraph 21: The parade, which began on August 10, 1929, now includes politicians, beauty queens, celebrities, musical performers, and dozens of marching, tumbling and dancing groups. It has grown from a locally sponsored event to one with major corporate presence and is seen as a signal of the impending end of summer and beginning of the new school year. As such the parade sponsors raise money for college scholarships for local youth. The parade route has changed over the years. The original route was along Michigan Avenue beginning at 31st Street, then turned east into Washington Park. Complaints for north–south traffic flow caused rerouting the parade route to South Parkway (now named Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive), which runs directly into the park. At various times, street repairs have necessitated use of the Michigan route, but the current route is now the King Drive route. Freeman Gosden and Charles Correll of Amos 'n' Andy were the first guests in the first parade. Robert S. Abbott led the first parade in his Rolls-Royce. Dr. Marjorie Stewart Joyner, president of the Chicago Defender Charities, Inc., organized the parade for over 50 years. Numerous high-profile celebrities and dignitaries have attended the parade over the years, including U.S. President Harry S. Truman, Michael Jordan, Barack Obama, Joe Louis, Muhammad Ali, Duke Ellington, Adelaide Hall, Oprah Winfrey, Aretha Franklin, Diana Ross, Lena Horne, James Brown, Ethel Waters, Cab Calloway, Paul Robeson, Chaka Khan and Billie Holiday. Truman rode alongside John H. Sengstacke, who was Abbott's nephew and took over the Chicago Defender in 1948, and Mayor Richard J. Daley in the 1956 Parade. Recent parades have featured popular musical acts as concert performers at the post-parade picnic. In 2006, approximately 26 million people saw the parade, including 25 million television viewers and 1.2 million attendees. The 2006 parade included 74,000 participants and 160 floats and vehicles. The 2008 parade was dedicated to actor and comedian  Bernie Mac (star of The Bernie Mac Show) and a native of Chicago; he died an hour before the start of the parade. In 1993, a request by a black LGBT group to participate in the parade was declined by the organizers. Following legal action and the involvement of Lambda Legal, the Ad Hoc Committee of Proud Black Lesbians and Gays was allowed to participate in the parade the following year. The 2020 parade, marking its 91st year, saw the first-ever cancellation, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. A "scaled down" event was held in 2021.

Paragraph 22: Business Careers High School has been known for exemplary students.  Grades at this magnet school are typically higher than traditional high schools and as such, is said to be competitive.  To remain at BC, students are expected to maintain a "C" average or higher.  Holmes and Business Careers keep their graduating class sizes separate from each other to recognize each school's individual potentials, i.e. recognizing officially separate Valedictorians and Salutatorians.  Recognizing a Valedictorian/Salutatorian from each school helps to distinguish between those that work hard at BC and those at Holmes.  Holmes senior class sizes tend to vary between 240 students to as many as 600 depending on the year of enrollment, while Business Careers senior class sizes tend to vary with as many as over 200 to as low as 70.  The lower the class size, the more competitive the atmosphere tends to be since a class of 70 would make quartiles shorter and top ten percent 7 students.  Still, the school recognizes top ten students at graduation with just as much emphasis as a traditional high school.  A separate "combined" ranking is given to students at Business Careers their senior year to recognize higher potential students since low-class sizes can make some students look worse than others even though this is not an official class rank, it is just used for informational purposes only.  What makes the school competitive is its honors program which it shares with Holmes High School.  Advanced Placement (AP) subjects offered include Mathematics, English, Social studies, Science, Fine arts, International Language, and Computer Sciences.  Honors classes include the same.  Such courses give weighted points as deemed necessary for students' GPA (grade point average).  Honors courses are denoted 5 extra points and AP courses are denoted 8 extra points though these grades are not shown on a student's transcript, but are only reflected on a student's GPA.

Paragraph 23: The second season received strong reviews, with many critics noting the series's improvement over its first season. At Metacritic, the season received an average review score of 73 out of 100, based on 8 reviews. According to Rotten Tomatoes, the second season holds a 91% approval rating with an average score of 8.32/10, based on 23 reviews; the site's critical consensus said, "Halt and Catch Fire version 2.0 has received some upgrades and improvements, including a welcome focus on its female leads." Sepinwall praised the acting, writing, and directing of season two, and noted that one of his frustrations with the first season, the downplaying of Donna and Cameron, was resolved: "Now it's essentially Halt and Catch Fire 2.0, with all the bugs worked out so that it can function exactly as it first promised." Sepinwall summed up the season's changes by saying, "Those who stayed patient with Halt season 1, or those who come to the show now that the quality has gone up significantly, will be rewarded." Andy Greenwald of Grantland called season two a "hard reboot" that was exponentially better. He praised the emphasis placed on the female leads, Davis's performance, and how it reframed the male leads, while noting that the focus on Mutiny "inject[ed] the show with the jittery, caffeinated energy of a start-up". Willa Paskin of Slate said that the series was able to successfully pivot by shifting focus to a startup setting and to Cameron and Donna, the latter of whom Paskin said "has blossomed into a character with ambitions all her own". Commenting on the season's exploration of issues facing working women, Paskin wrote, "what is so satisfying about its treatment of sexism... is not the extent to which the sexism conforms to our expectations, but that the women involved do not." Emily Nussbaum of The New Yorker called season two "such a startling upgrade of the first that it begs for technological metaphors". She said that the chemistry between Donna and Cameron "is looser, releasing the show from the burdens of its gloomy forerunners", and that the marriage between Gordon and Donna felt nuanced. Nussbaum said the series was best at being "a platform for a fascinating, buried period of history" that provided "oddly profound meditations on the nature of originality in the digital age, nested within relationship talk". James Poniewozik of Time said the show "remade and refocused itself in its second season" by focusing on the Cameron–Donna partnership and that "it now has a compelling subject". Poniewozik said, "true to Moore's Law, it has become magnitudes better."

Paragraph 24: The story was shot on the same set as The Ark in Space – representing a substantial cost saving – with location filming in Wookey Hole Caves. It was also shot in the production block immediately after Ark, which explains why the production code is out of broadcast sequence. The location filming at Wookey Hole was plagued by a series of problems which the crew blamed on a curse. The curse apparently was brought about when the production staff found a small rock formation that the locals called "The Witch". Despite warnings, they proceeded to put a witch hat and cloak on it. Briant encountered an individual in spelunking gear which the Wookey Hole staff had no knowledge of, whom Briant was convinced was the spirit of a potholer who had died in the caves, three years earlier. The assistant floor manager suffered a severe attack of claustrophobia, another crew member fell ill, and an electrician suffered a broken leg when a ladder collapsed. During the scene when Sarah Jane rides one of the water skimmers, the boat went wild and Sladen was forced to jump off, treading water despite heavy boots until her rescue by Terry Walsh, the programme's longtime stuntman. Both required precautionary vaccinations at a local hospital but were otherwise unhurt. The boat disappeared and was never seen again.

Paragraph 25: Expert Sue Cubitt of the auction house had the works examined. The Chagall certificate had a misprint and she became suspicious. Jan Nieuwenhuizen Segaar, a representative of Karel Appel, contacted the artist who said that work was his but Cubitt was still suspicious.  The Chagall committee in Paris verified that the certificate was a forgery and therefore the drawing was also a forgery.  A similar thing happened with the Asger Jorn certificate. The auction house decided to withdraw all the works from sale because it could not guarantee their authenticity. Sue Cubitt decided to inform Ernst Schöller of the Stuttgart Fine Art and Antiquities squad.

Paragraph 26: Wentworth, however, was more than a one-issue politician, and had great energy and ability. As Gorton's biographer writes: "For all his erratic and sometimes bizarre behaviour, his flaws were at least those of an inventive mind". Despite this, he had a long wait for ministerial preferment, mainly because he was a party-room rebel on other matters, such as pensions. During these years he busied himself with parliamentary committee work. He was an active member of the Foreign Affairs Committee from 1952 to 1961. From 1956 he was chair of the Government Members Committee on Rail Gauge Standardisation.  He made important recommendations on solving one of Australia's longest-standing infrastructure problems, the incompatible rail gauges in the different states, a legacy of colonial times. Gough Whitlam, no admirer of Wentworth in other respects, credited him with being one of the architects of the rail standardisation agreement that led to the opening of the single-gauge rail line from Melbourne to Sydney in 1961. On the wider front, however, the head of the South Australian Railways observed that "despite his undoubted enthusiasm for railway matters, Bill Wentworth’s intrusion into the debate and his advocacy for nothing more than inter-capital links doomed forever any chance of an integrated standard gauge rail network being achieved. It is a pity that he ever became involved."

Paragraph 27: On 30 May 1925, Chinese students in Shanghai gathered at the International Settlement, and held demonstrations in opposition to foreign interference in China. Specifically, with the support of the KMT, they called for the boycott of foreign goods and an end to the Settlement, which was governed by the British and Americans. The Shanghai Municipal Police, largely operated by the British, opened fire on the crowd of demonstrators. This incident sparked outrage throughout China, culminating in the Canton–Hong Kong strike, which began on 18 June, and proved a fertile recruiting ground for the CCP. Membership was catapulted to over 20,000, almost ten times what it had been earlier in the year. Concerns about the rising power of the leftist faction, and the effect of the strike on the Guangzhou government's ability to raise funds, which was largely dependent on foreign trade, led to increasing tensions within the United Front. When Sun Yat-sen had died on 12 March, his immediate successor as chairman was the moderate Liao Zhongkai, who supported the United Front and the KMT's close relationship with the Soviet Union. On August 20 Hu Hanmin's far-right faction likely orchestrated Liao's assassination. Hu was arrested for his connections to the murderers, leaving Chiang and Wang Jingwei—Sun's former confidant and a leftist sympathizer—as the two main contenders for control of the party. Amidst this backdrop, Chiang began to consolidate power in preparation for an expedition against the northern warlords. On 20 March 1926, he launched a bloodless purge of hardline communists who were opposed to the proposed expedition from the Guangzhou administration and its military, known as the Canton Coup. The rapid replacement of leadership enabled Chiang to effectively end civilian oversight of the military. At the same time, Chiang made conciliatory moves toward the Soviet Union, and attempted to balance the need for Soviet and CCP assistance in the fight against the warlords with his concerns about growing communist influence within the KMT. In the aftermath of the coup, Chiang negotiated a compromise whereby hardline members of the rightist faction, such as Wu Tieh-cheng, were removed from their posts in compensation for the purged leftists. By doing so, Chiang was able to prove his usefulness to the CCP and their Soviet sponsor, Joseph Stalin. Soviet aid to the KMT government would continue, as would co-operation with the CCP. A fragile coalition between KMT rightists, centrists led by Chiang, KMT leftists, and the CCP managed to hold together, laying the groundwork for the Northern Expedition.

Paragraph 28: Rudolph Walker was born on 28 September 1939 in San Juan, Trinidad and Tobago. He began acting as an eight-year-old in primary school, going on to join Derek Walcott's Trinidad Theatre Workshop as its youngest member. With the aim of furthering his career he left the island at the age of 20 in 1960. He had been planning to go to the United States, where he had connections, but actor Errol John — who had already migrated to Britain but was in Trinidad doing a play — convinced him to go to the UK, where the training was considered to be superior.

Paragraph 29:  would mark the end of the "Whiteyball" era in St. Louis. Amidst poor overall team performance, Herzog surprisingly announced his retirement on July 6. In an effort to begin the team's re-building process, McGee was traded to the American League's Oakland Athletics on August 29 for 25-year-old outfielder Félix José and two minor-league players (third baseman Stan Royer and pitcher Daryl Green). McGee's brief stint with Oakland, managed by Tony La Russa, helped propel the team to the 1990 World Series. This would be McGee's fourth trip to the Fall Classic; the Athletics, however, were pounded in the Series as the Cincinnati Reds would sweep the defending world champions in four games. Despite being traded to the AL, McGee had already accumulated 542 plate appearances in the National League, enough for him to qualify for the NL batting crown. Los Angeles' Eddie Murray (.330 average), the New York Mets' Dave Magadan (.328) and others gave chase. However, because no batter was able to catch McGee's .335 NL batting mark, he won his second batting title. McGee's accomplishment marked an odd first in major league history, in which the batting champion for one league ended the season as a member of the other league. In 1990, George Brett of the Kansas City Royals led the American league with a .329 batting average. Because McGee's batting average over the entire season was only .324, neither league's batting champion led the Major Leagues in batting; that honor fell to Eddie Murray.

Paragraph 30: Contemporary reviews were mixed. The Monthly Magazine praised the title page engravings. The Eclectic Review also complimented the title page illustration for volume one, calling it "a fine specimen of both design and execution"; they claimed that they did not have the leisure to analyse the book, but that of the stories, "some of them are good of their kind", singling out "Wake not the Dead" as "an appalling and well-told tale", "The Bottle-Imp", "The Treasure-Seeker" and "The Spectre Barber" as "good specimens of old wives' stories", and stating that "The Collier's Family" "pleases us much". The Literary Chronicle and Weekly Review said the book "will afford an ample treat" to those who can "relax from the severity of graver studies, or who love to recal to memory some of the delights of their childhood", with selections from "Wake not the Dead" ("a dreadful tale of vampyrism") and "Kibitz" ("of a light and amusing character").The Repository of Modern Literature reprinting abridged versions of two of the stories called "The Treasure-Seeker" "one of the best in this amusing collection", and "The Bottle-Imp" "one of the most funny, and, at the same time, most horrible stories in the whole collection". The Common-Place Book of Prose described "The Field of Terror" as an "interesting tale" and "a most amusing work". The Gentleman's Magazine wrote that "from the lively interest which they convey" they "will doubtless long maintain a deserved popularity". In the United States, The Port Folio mentions the book as one of three published around that time that were part of "a great rage at the present in the English reading public for German tales of 'Ghosts and Goblins. Less favourably, John Gibson Lockhart reviewed the book for Blackwood's Magazine, calling it disappointing and saying that it "will do a great deal more harm than good to the popularity of German literature here"; he criticised the selection of stories, "The Sorcerers" and "The Victim of Priestcraft" are given as examples of the "perfect trash" chosen, with most translations said to be "miserable, bald, and even grammarless English" probably caused by "utter laziness and haste", while "The Fatal Marksman", "The Collier's Family", "The Bottle-Imp", and "The Spectre Barber" are said to be among the "few good stories" which are "comparatively speaking, done as they deserved to be". In Germany, Allgemeines Repertorium described the translations as bad, while the Morgenblatt für gebildete Stände expressed disappointment in the poor translations, and the selection of stories chosen. Describing the book in the early twentieth century, Professor Francis Edward Sandbach wrote that it was "of the ghostly romantic type so much in vogue" in the early nineteenth century, with stories "written in a style suggestive of winter evenings and bated breath".