Paragraph 1: On the evening after the election MASON and McHENRY went over to Dutch Charley's, against whom they had a spite, and killed him. From his place they went to Mr. HAWTHORNE's, knocked at the stable, where 3 hired men were sleeping, and after cowing these men, obtained their pistols, went to the house and murdered Mr. HAWTHORN [spelled 2 ways]. They then returned to the stable, telling the men what they had done, and that they intended to kill all the Republicans they could. They took HAWTHORN's watch, double-barreled shot-gun, and 2 horses from the stable. From HAWTHORN's they proceeded to the house of Mr. ROBINSON [Elkhorn Station]. After obtaining a drink of water they asked Mrs. ROBINSON where her husband was. She replied that he had not yet come home from the election, but that a wagon was coming up the road and she thought that was him. They set out for the wagon. MASON first came up. He accosted ROBINSON with - "I am told that you said there was not a decent woman in the South. Did you say so?" "No, I did not," replied ROBINSON. "You are a liar, and I am going to kill you," said MASON. ROBINSON then jumped for him. MASON snapped his gun, which missed fire, and then fired with the other barrel, breaking his victim's shoulder and arm. ROBINSON then ran, but was pursued by McHENRY, who shot him twice, 1st in the hand and then in the back of the head, killing him. The murderers then told the man who was in the wagon with ROBINSON that he might go on to the house and tell who killed R., and moreover, what they did it for. MASON also told him that he was the man who had killed 2 soldiers at Fort Tejon and 1 at Camp Babbitt, and that MASON was not his real name; that he was after Republicans and intended to kill all he could. The murderers were well armed, having each a double-barreled shot-gun and 2 6-shooters. They did not appear to be influenced by motives of plunder, but solely by malice against Republicans. They have both for several months been around Gilroy and on Wednesday last, were seen near South San Juan. It is to be hoped they will not long escape their just deserts. They are of the worst species of the guerrilla, as cruel as Apaches, and as fanatical as crusaders.

Paragraph 2:   – Creator of the first time machine and the TimeRiders agency. During his first practical demonstration of time travel in the year 2044, Waldstein returns a completely changed man. He never tells anyone what he saw, and the mystery becomes known as the "Waldstein Enigma". He proceeds to destroy his time machine and his research, believing time travel to be of great danger to humanity. Waldstein campaigns vociferously to prevent the use of time travel technology, and an international law is passed forbidding it on punishment of death. Despite this, Waldstein then creates the TimeRiders agency in order to prevent any rogue time travelers from changing history. He, Frasier Griggs and Joseph Olivera create the team, situating them in a field office in New York, 2001. Waldstein trains the agency for several months before returning to the year 2055 to monitor them. However, after one mission, the team are followed into the archway by an entity known as a "seeker". It kills Maddy, Sal and the support unit, but Liam manages to deal with the seeker (how he does so is not known). However, Liam is left chronically aged. Waldstein helps him and tells him exactly what he is, and Liam accepts it and agrees to continue the job. Another team is created and Liam mentors them under the pseudonym "Foster". Waldstein continues to monitor the team, but Griggs begins to question his motives. Waldstein wishes to preserve the timeline despite the fact that it is headed towards humanity's ultimate demise, codenamed "Pandora". Griggs is then killed, supposedly in a car robbery, leaving Olivera suspicious of Waldstein. After Foster requests a new Sal unit due to the death of the most recent one at the hands of mutant humans, Olivera tampers with the new unit's memory. Waldstein discovers Olivera's actions and attempts to explain Pandora to him, but Olivera suspects that he will murder him and attempts to escape, jumping into an unverified portal. Waldstein continues to monitor the new team alone, but due to Olivera's interference, they question his motives also and threaten to abandon their job. Waldstein then has no choice but to grow a group of support units and send them to terminate the TimeRiders. They manage to escape the units and set up a new field office in London, 1888. In The Infinity Cage, Waldstein sends a message to the TimeRiders, requesting that they meet him. Maddy meets him in the year 2070 and he reveals to her what he saw in 2044. She learns that he was intercepted by an enlightened alien race known only as "the Caretakers" that warned him of a dangerous fragility to spacetime. They told him that he must preserve the timeline otherwise they would be forced to erase humanity from existence. After explaining to Maddy her origin and the fate of the previous team, Waldstein disappears, claiming that he hopes to see the first green shoots of life in the dust covered world.

Paragraph 3: When Rotter was a graduate student and early professional, American academic psychology was dominated by the approach known as behaviorism. The German school of gestalt psychology, an early form of cognitive science, was essentially the only alternative. Rotter was simultaneously attracted and dissatisfied by both. He liked the methodological and theoretical rigor of behaviorists like Clark Hull, but found their mechanistic learning theories too limited for application to complex human social behavior. He also found the gestalt "field theories" appealing, especially the work of his former professor Kurt Lewin, but was disturbed by their imprecision and failure to generate specific predictions. Like the experimentalist Edward C. Tolman, Rotter aspired to develop a theory that combined the best elements of both; this became the nucleus of what he termed Social Learning Theory (SLT). Rotter saw SLT as an alternative to psychoanalysis and behaviorism that would be useful to clinicians and researchers alike. His theoretical model was more or less fully articulated in Social Learning and Clinical Psychology (1954). Here, Rotter proposed that human behavior is the interactive result of two underlying forces: expectancy and reinforcement value. Expectancy refers to the subjective probability (i.e., the probability as estimated by the individual) that a given action will lead to a given (reinforcing or punishing) outcome. In principle, it can be represented by a number between 0.00 (zero probability) and 1.00 (absolute certainty). Reinforcement value refers to the degree to which a person desires to attain (or avoid) a given outcome assuming that all outcomes are equally likely. In other words, reinforcement value is independent of expectancy. A person is likely to choose a particular course of action only if they believe themselves likely to succeed in attaining the goal and desire said goal. The minimal goal level is the threshold value; outcomes more positive than this are reinforcing, while outcomes less positive are punishing. Importantly, both expectancies and values are learned, and as with other forms of learning, they generalize. For example, after acquiring considerable experience in a variety of sporting events, a person develops a generalized expectancy for success in athletic endeavors. (Sometimes this is termed 'freedom of movement.') Likewise, a person may generalize across reinforcers that gratify related needs, developing a greater or lesser need value for a class of reinforcers. Generalized expectancies and need values, being based on multiple learning experiences, become increasingly stable over time and develop a trait-like consistency - but unlike the personality traits described by researchers like Hans Eysenck, they are still the products of learning and still susceptible to change in response to future experiences. According to SLT, the two key variables affecting the degree to which expectancies change in response to new experience are the extent of prior experience (more experience = more resistance to change) and the degree of contrast between the pre-existing expectancy and the current outcome (greater contrast = greater change). One may perceive Lewin's influence in all of this - and Adler's in the notion of a person discouraged after repeated failure experiences (i.e., having acquired a low expectancy of success). What was remarkable about SLT was the fact that its principles could be represented as equations and used to generate relatively precise point predictions of behavioral choice. This social learning theory suggests that behavior is influenced by social context or environmental factors, and not psychological factors alone. In addition to describing the theory and the results of numerous experiments verifying many of its hypotheses, Rotter's 1954 book contained many suggestions for clinical practice that anticipated cognitive-behavioral therapy.

Paragraph 4: is a 2003 film directed by Fukutani Osamu. The movie follows Yū (played by Kenji Mizuhashi), a cameraman who works for a small TV station. He and his assistant Rie (Chisato Morishita) are sent by their superior, Keita (Hideo Sakaki), to investigate a case of group suicide in which four people poisoned themselves with carbon monoxide. When they enter the apartment they accidentally run into a teenage girl, Nanami Kumatani (played by Ayaka Maede) who was in the pact but backed out at the last minute out of fear. The girl tells them about 'Ricki' (played by Yûko Nakamura) and agrees to show them her suicide manual in exchange for letting her look on the roof of their office. Yū and Rie agree and they take her there. They become possessed by evil spirits and commit suicide as a result of this encounter. In sequel The Suicide Manual: Intermediate Level (2003) the 'Suicide Manual' DVD produced by Yu and Rie about the case causes more people to commit suicide. A forensic investigation is held after a forensics lab tech fails to stop his girlfriend killing herself. The end of the film reveals the 'evil spirit' causing these events to have been the producer of the 'Suicide Manual' DVD.

Paragraph 5: Following a close loss to the Colts the prior week, the much-hated Steelers came to town for a rematch of last year's AFC Championship Game. Steelers starting QB Ben Roethlisberger, who suffered a concussion in the previous week's overtime loss to the Chiefs did not start and was the designated third-string quarterback. Backup Charlie Batch also was hurt in that game, which left second-year QB Dennis Dixon, who previously had one pass in his NFL career, to start. The Steelers received the opening kickoff, but went three-and-out. On the ensuing possession, the Ravens drove down the field with ease, capping off their drive with a touchdown run by Willis McGahee. In the second quarter, Dixon hit WR Santonio Holmes on a play-action pass for a 33-yard touchdown, tying the game. The Ravens answered on the following drive, with a 52-yard strike from Joe Flacco to Mark Clayton, setting up a 10-yard touchdown pass to Derrick Mason. In the third quarter, on the Ravens opening possession, Clayton made a 9-yard reception but fumbled the ball. The ball was kicked 20 yards towards the Steelers endzone by a Pittsburgh player, but recovered by Tyrone Carter. The Steelers drove, but were held to a field goal by Jeff Reed. Later in the fourth quarter, Joe Flacco was sacked by Lawrence Timmons and fumbled the ball, recovered by the Steelers near midfield. The drive resulted in a 24-yard run on a QB option by Dixon, giving the Steelers their first lead of the night. On the Ravens next possession, things were looking bad when the offense was facing a third-and-22 with around three minutes left. Joe Flacco completed a pass to Derrick Mason for 17 yards, leaving John Harbaugh with a critical decision. Harbaugh opted to go for it and Joe Flacco found Ray Rice for a 44-yard reception, setting the Ravens up inside the Steeler 10-yard line with less than 2 minutes left. Billy Cundiff tied the game with a 24-yard field goal. On the following Steeler possession, Dennis Dixon was nearly intercepted by Lardarius Webb. The Steelers were forced to punt, giving the ball back to the Ravens with about 1:30 left in the game. A very good punt return into Steeler territory by Chris Carr was wiped off by a block in the back. Despite the setback, the Ravens managed to drive to the Steeler 40-yard line, where their drive stalled. On third-and-9 with 25 seconds left, Joe Flacco was sacked and fumbled, but the ball was recovered by Ben Grubbs. With the clock counting inside 10 seconds left and no timeouts, the field goal team managed to get into formation and get the kick off. The 56-yard attempt by Billy Cundiff was dead center, but about 2 yards short. In overtime, the Steelers won the toss and got the ball, but were forced to punt. The Ravens, also forced to punt deep in their own territory, gave the ball to Pittsburgh around the Steeler 40-yard line. On a third-and-5, Dennis Dixon threw an interception to LB Paul Kruger, who returned the ball 26 yards to the Steeler 28-yard line. Already in field goal range, the Ravens ran the ball down to the Pittsburgh 11-yard line where Billy Cundiff made a 29-yard field goal to win the game.

Paragraph 6: The opening track, "Europe After the Rain", encapsulated the style of the album as a whole, featuring discreet synthesizer work in concert with piano, acoustic guitar and a digital drum machine; its title came from a Max Ernst painting. The tune of "Night Suit" betrayed a funk influence, whilst its lyrics were among many on the album that alluded to 'The Quiet Man', an alternative persona Foxx had developed prior to Ultravox's Systems of Romance and which inspired one of its key songs, "Quiet Men". Foxx saw The Quiet Man as the epitome of detachment and observation, and claimed to often write from his perspective.

Paragraph 7: Massless fields in superstring compactifications have been identified with cohomology classes on the target space (i.e. four-dimensional Minkowski space with a six-dimensional Calabi-Yau (CY) manifold). The determination of the matter and interaction content requires a detailed analysis of the (co)homology of these spaces: nearly all massless fields in the effective physics model are represented by certain (co)homology elements. However, a troubling consequence occurs when the target space is singular. A singular target space means that only the CY manifold is singular as Minkowski space is smooth. Such a singular CY manifold is called a conifold as it is a CY manifold that admits conical singularities. Andrew Strominger observed (A. Strominger, 1995) that conifolds correspond to massless blackholes. Conifolds are important objects in string theory: Brian Greene explains the physics of conifolds in Chapter 13 of his book The Elegant Universe —including the fact that the space can tear near the cone, and its topology can change. These singular target spaces, i.e. conifolds, correspond to certain mild degenerations of algebraic varieties which appear in a large class of supersymmetric theories, including superstring theory (E. Witten, 1982). Essentially, different cohomology theories on singular target spaces yield different results thereby making it difficult to determine which theory physics may favor. Several important characteristics of the cohomology, which correspond to the massless fields, are based on general properties of field theories, specifically, the (2,2)-supersymmetric 2-dimensional world-sheet field theories. These properties, known as the Kähler package (T. Hubsch, 1992), should hold for singular and smooth target spaces. Paul Green and Tristan Hubsch (P. Green & T. Hubsch, 1988) determined that the manner in which you move between singular CY target spaces require moving through either a small resolution or deformation of the singularity (T. Hubsch, 1992) and called it the 'conifold transition'.

Paragraph 8: Jon Silkin was born in London, in a Litvak Jewish family, his parents were Joseph Silkin and Doris Rubenstein. His grandparents were all from the Lithuanian- part of the Russian Empire. His uncle was Lewis Silkin, 1st Baron Silkin. He was named Jon after Jon Forsyte in The Forsyte Saga, and attended Wycliffe College and Dulwich College During the Second World War he was one of the children evacuated from London (in his case, to Wales); he remembered that he "roamed the countryside incessantly" while in Wales, collecting "fool's gold" and exploring old Roman mines. For a period of about six years in the 1950s, after National Service, he supported himself by manual labour and other menial jobs. By 1956 he rented the top-floor flat at 10, Compayne Gardens, Hampstead, (), the house of Bernice Rubens, who later won the Booker Prize, and her husband Rudolf Nassauer, also a published novelist, later. Silkin, in turn, sublet rooms to, among others, David Mercer, later a prolific TV and West End dramatist, and Malcolm Ross-Macdonald, then a diploma student at the Slade and later a novelist; his first novel, The Big Waves (Cape, 1962) is a roman à clef of life in that flat, in which Silkin features as Somes Arenstein. All three men lived by teaching English as a foreign language at the St Giles School of English in Oxford Street.

Paragraph 9:  Puck: Puck is a 4,000-year-old fairy who lives in the form of an 11-year-old boy. Puck is an Everafter with blond hair, green eyes and a mischievous grin. He has pink streaked insect-like wings which pop out of his back at will. He ends up living with the Grimms after helping them in the first book—he was living in the forest before moving in with Granny Relda, only going to her house for a free meal—and officially becomes part of the family. He is also known as the Trickster King, and is always playing pranks, usually targeted at Sabrina. He fights using his wooden sword, can fly while carrying Sabrina and Daphne, can transform into many forms (like turning his head into a donkey's, or morphing elephant legs), and - using a bottle of soda - can burp a stream of fire. He likes being the center of attention, and is jealous when he is not in the spotlight. Despite the overtone of annoyance between him and Sabrina, the preteens have let it slip that they have romantic feelings for each other. Puck even begins aging again, and it was suggested by Daphne that Puck's aging is due to him wanting to keep up with Sabrina. He is part of the royal faerie family back in New York City (they gave the impression they disapprove of Puck's behavior), although Puck mourned his father, Oberon, after his death, and appears to care for them, despite his protests to the contrary. He has a younger brother named Mustardseed, a mother named Titania and an ex-fiancee named Moth (who Puck refused to wed, causing his falling-out with his family). He despises being mistaken for Peter Pan, and can get extremely angry when he does. He is also suspected to be Sabrina's husband in the epilogue and in the "old" future.

Paragraph 10: In musical theatre, reprises are any repetition of an earlier song or theme, usually with changed lyrics and shortened music to reflect the development of the story. Also, it is common for songs sung by the same character or regarding the same narrative motif to have similar tunes and lyrics, or incorporate similar tunes and lyrics. For example, in the stage version of Les Misérables, a song of the primary antagonist ("Javert's Suicide") is similar in lyrics and exactly the same in tune to a soliloquy of the protagonist when he was in a similar emotional state ("What Have I Done?"). At the end of the song, an instrumental portion is played from an earlier soliloquy of the antagonist, in which he was significantly more confident. Les Misérables in general reprises many musical themes..

Paragraph 11: The site consists of an upper mound of about 20 hectares and a lower mound (now under floodplain cover,extending to the north (around 200 meters), east (around 100 meters), and southeast (slight extent). About 550 square meters of the upper mound (north and east sides) have been removed by modern bulldozer activities. In the Early Bronze Age the site was somewhat larger than the current upper mound at around 25 hectares, base on coring and surface collection, with the remains measuring in at 3 to 6 meters in depth. Four seasons of archaeological excavations were conducted at the site by the University of Chicago's Oriental Institute from 1935 to 1938, led by Robert Braidwood. From 1999 to 2002, the Oriental Institute returned to the site, as part of the Tayinat Archaeological Project, to conduct mapping and surveying and to examine the original excavations.

Paragraph 12: From the launch of the National Health Service in 1948, film was used as an important cultural tool for spreading governmental health messages. During the Second World War, film grew in popularity as a way for the British government to keep citizens informed, impart advice and help raise morale on the Home Front. This commitment to producing public information films continued after the end of the War in 1945 with the newly formed Central Office of Information taking responsibility for the production of these films. This ensured that the launch of the NHS was accompanied by a number of public information films shown nationwide during Spring and Summer 1948. Three main films were produced – Charley: You're Very Good Health (Halas & Batchelor, 1948), Here's Health (Douglas Alexander, 1948) and Doctor's Dilemma (Unknown, 1948). These films introduced the NHS in three distinct ways with Charley: You're Very Good Health focused on explaining how the NHS would work upon its launch in a light-hearted manner with Charley standing in as the 'everyman' within the film's narrative. The film used a series of 'suppose' scenarios to outline how the new NHS system would work in practice in comparison to the pre-NHS health care system. Here's Health instead employed the narrative techniques of melodrama to dramatise one family's response to a household accident and the sudden need for medical attention during the Christmas of 1947. It uses flash-forwards to show how these type of care and the cost of it will be altered by the introduction of the NHS. The third main film used to advertise the launch of the NHS was a much briefer, information short, centred on the use of voice-over and a combination of still and moving images to encourage members of the public to register with an NHS GP before the National Health Service Act came into force on 5 July 1948.

Paragraph 13: Alan is persuaded by Beth and Lizzie to give Company back to Buzz and the Cooper family, only to have Buzz turn down the offer and move out of Company and in with Mallet and Marina who because of ties with past Mob Connections were put on an adoption list but most likely was unable to ever adopt until Mallet overheard Shayne tell Reva at her Baby shower about orphaned children in Bosnia. Hawk Shayne made another guest appearance in Springfield for his daughter Reva's baby shower. Olivia's feelings for Natalia grow, with Doris Wolfe trying to out them. Natalia feels guilty for having sex with Frank, who is head over heels for Natalia and pushes forward with the relationship and proposes weeks later. Natalia can't answer the proposal because of her own growing feelings for Olivia. Natalia and Frank become engaged after Olivia tells Natalia that she should marry Frank. A few weeks later, Natalia and Frank prepare to marry after Natalia's son is released from prison. Olivia finally admits to Natalia that she is love with her but tells Natalia to marry Frank because he can give her a life that Olivia cannot. Frank and Natalia's wedding starts but Natalia is unable to go ahead with wedding and runs out of the church. Father Ray Santos returns to town in time to council Frank and Natalia about their marriage and then Natalia about her feeling's toward Olivia. Natalia and Olivia begin seeing each other but are worried about how to tell their children. Meanwhile, Mallet and Marina are allowed to adopt a baby from Bosnia that turns out to be Shayne and the late Lara's son, who Marina names Henry after her late Uncle Henry Cooper"Coop" Bradshaw. Shayne finds out the truth from Dinah who found out the truth from a Nun in Bosnia who had known the late Lara. Shayne tells Marina and Mallet that he is baby Henry's real father. Remy finds Edmund dead, and Reva is arrested for his murder. Reva, however, is found innocent.

Paragraph 14: Czajkowski was born in Modlin and started fencing at the age of 14, while in high school. The outbreak of the Second World War interrupted his fencing career as, immediately after his graduation in 1939, he enlisted in the Polish Navy to fight the Nazis. In September 1939, Czajkowski, along with four other Polish sailors, was captured by the Soviet army and sent for interrogation to the city of Kobryn. He was fortunate to avoid execution as the commissar in Kobryn was not interested in Czajkowski and sent him home. Czajkowski then made his way back to the Soviet controlled Lwów and, while waiting to be allowed to cross the Romanian border to rejoin the Polish forces in France, continued his fencing training. In April 1940, while on his way to the border, Czajkowski was again arrested by Soviet soldiers and this time spent over a year in various Soviet prisons, being interrogated and tortured. He was then sent to the Soviet labor camp in Vorkuta, beyond the polar circle where he survived extremely harsh conditions until, in September 1941, the new head of the labor camp decided to free him. During all his time as a Soviet prisoner, one of Czajkowski's main diversions was to hold a wooden spoon in his hand as though it were a sabre and "practice" fencing - visualizing himself engaged in his favorite activity as a distraction from the hardships of his imprisonment. After being freed from Vorkuta, Czajkowski spent weeks making his way to Uzbekistan, where he stayed for several months working on cotton and rice plantations. Before leaving, he also spent some time coaching fencing. On February 5, 1942, his birthday, Czajkowski rejoined the Polish Navy. He eventually was stationed in Great Britain, at the Polish Naval Station in Plymouth. Soon after D-Day, Czajkowski received leave from the Navy and began studying medicine at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. He fenced for the Edinburgh University fencing club and the Scottish Fencing Club. He also began to do some amateur coaching for the Polish Students Association in Great Britain. His son was born in Edinburgh 1 December 1945.

Paragraph 15: The rebels established their headquarters at Wukro. During the rainy season of 1943, the rebels under the leadership of Fitawrari Yeebio Woldai and Dejazmach Neguise Bezabih, hailing from Enderta, which was the heart of the Woyane rebellion, were busy organizing their forces; and after celebrating the Ethiopian New Year on 12 September, they went on the besieged government garrison at Quiha. The highly equipped government forces were to meet with the poorly equipped but determined rebels' for the first time in the rebel's stronghold district of Didiba Dergiajen, Enderta in the village of Sergien; the rebels under Fitawrari Yeebio Woldai (Wedi Weldai) and Dej. Neguisie Bezabih defeated the government forces decisively; they captured countless modern weapons that helped them attract many peasants to join the rebellion, and many government soldiers deserted and joined the rebellion. In September 1943, on the government's second offensive in the village of Ara, also in Enderta, the Woyane rebels under Wedi Woldai scored yet a second victory over the heavily armed government forces; this time, however, the rebels captured high level feudal chiefs including and killed many prominent Tigray and Amhara warlords that sided with the Emperor Haile Selassie's government. The rebels under Bashay Gugsa Mengesha also captured General Essaias and many of his commanders and imperial soldiers at Quiha. The rebel forces estimated at 20,000, moved eastward from Quiha to Enda Yesus, a fort overlooking the provincial capital, Mekelle. They captured the fort and then took Mekelle. The representatives of Haile Selassie's government fled. The Woyane issued a proclamation to the inhabitants of Mekelle which stated, among other things: "Our governor is Jesus Christ... And our flag that of Ethiopia. Our religion is that of Yohannes IV. People of Tigray, follow the motto of Weyane."A similar victory was achieved by the rebels under the top leaders of the Woyane movement namely Dejazmach Negussie Bezabih and Bashay Gugsa Mengesha again in the district of Hintalo and Wajerat in Enderta; the rebels defeated the heavily armed government forces numbering in thousands and aided by British airpower, the rebels were able to capture and acquire yet again heavy modern armaments. By 20 September the successful Woyane rebel army was ready to turn south to face an Ethiopian force attempting to advance to Tigray. Haile Selassie had ordered his minister of war Ras Abebe Aregai, to take charge of the campaign against the rebels. The Ras rushed northward and arrived at Korem, south of Maichew, on 17 September but his way was blocked by rebels. During the next three weeks, the Weyane forces fought hard against Ras Abebe's Ethiopian troops, who were bolstered by a small contingent of British officers and specialists. The fighting centered on the great natural fortress of Amba Alaji. Basha Gugusa, one of the first Woyane leaders, led the battle of Amba Alage in September 1943 to victory over the Imperial army which was well equipped and supported by British airpower. The Woyane forces outnumbered those of the government, but their advantage in numbers was offset by artillery and British airpower.

Paragraph 16: When Sheriff J. C. Marson (Edward Platt) questions him, Jim reveals that he is after the person responsible for his father's death. Jim's father and four other men were besieged and killed by Apaches. Jim believes there was a sixth man who got away and could have gone for help, but instead decided he wanted the gold they found all to himself. Marston reveals that one of the men was the brother of the dead deputy. There are two other brothers, who will want revenge. When Jim refuses to leave town, Marston suggests he go see Sergeant George Lake (Barton MacLane) in Tucson. Lake led the detail that found the massacre victims.

Paragraph 17: Buttigieg's opponent was outgoing 2nd district South Bend Common Council member Henry Davis Jr., who filed his candidacy on February 6, 2015. Davis had been a member of the Common Council since 2008, having been elected in 2007, after winning an upset primary election victory over a twelve-year incumbent Common Council member. Davis claimed that he was running for mayor to "restore justice and fairness in the city of South Bend." Davis was critical of Buttigieg's policies, which he claimed were inadequate at addressing the city's problems. He criticized Buttigieg's record on crime, vacant housing, financial management, government transparency, unemployment, and economic development. He characterized Buttigieg as both a corrupt and incompetent leader. Davis opposed signature initiatives of Buttigieg. He criticized the "Smart Streets" initiative as ill-conceived and wasteful, and criticized the Vacant & Abandoned Properties Initiative as destructive. Davis denied claims that crime had declined in the city during Buttigieg's tenure, arguing instead that under Buttigieg's administration crime had actually gotten, "more persistent". He accused Buttigieg of misrepresenting crime data to minimize the optics of its severity. Despite the fact that the city had received the strong bond credit rating of AA, Davis characterized the city as being mired by unsustainable debt. Davis also argued that, among other things, Buttigieg had failed to make good on his promise of restoring the city's neighborhoods. Contrary to Buttigieg's talk of revitalization, for which Buttigieg had pointed to new developments, Davis characterized the city's downtown as "failing". Davis questioned the legitimacy of job gains touted by Buttigieg. Davis was also critical of Buttigieg's handling of a police department scandal involving wiretapping by former police chief Darryl Boykins. This scandal, and Buttigieg's handling of it, had been perceived by political analysts as having harmed Buttigieg's relations with South Bend's African American population. In addition, he accused Buttigieg of directing no-bid contracts to political allies and donors. He also alleged that the mayor was pushing privatization schemes from which his political donors would profit. Davis amplified other accusations of corruption in Buttigieg's administration. Davis charged that some residents felt that they been left behind, or even marginalized, by the changes made under Buttigieg's leadership. At two points amid the campaign, Davis used his position as a Common Council member to oppose bond issues championed by Buttigieg, both of which were passed by the Common Council despite his opposition. In January, he opposed a $5.6 million parks bond championed by Buttigieg, questioning its size and voicing concern about funds not having been earmarked for specific projects. He also opposed a $25 million bond issue to convert Main and Michigan Streets from one-way to two-way streets as part of Buttigieg's "Smart Streets" initiative, criticizing it as a misplaced priority. Davis pledged that if he were elected mayor he would implement, community policing and minority recruitment in the police force as means to decrease crime. Davis touted his own record of working to combat illegal parking and dumping in the city. While Buttigieg was touting his Vacant & Abandoned Homes Initiative, Davis was touting his own record of working to slow down the demolitions being undertaken for the initiative.

Paragraph 18: The football team has won the Central Jersey Group IV titles in 1974, 1981 and 2002, and won the North II Group IV state sectional championships in 2003, 2004, 2008, 2010 and 2011, the Central Group V title in 2016 and the North II Group V in 2018. The 1974 team won in one of the first seven games of the playoff era, defeating Colonia High School by a score of 14-7 in the championship game played indoors at Atlantic City Conventional Hall. In 1981, the team won the Central Jersey Group IV title with a 20-0 win against Middletown High School South in the finals. The 2002 team won the Central Jersey Group IV sectional title with a 14-7 win against Hunterdon Central Regional High School, earning consideration from the Courier News as one of "the best in GMC history". In 2004, the team finished with a 12-0 record after winning the North II Group IV title against Phillipsburg High School in overtime by a score of 27-26. In 2008, the team finished the season at 11-1 after winning the North II Group IV state sectional title by a score of 38-0 in the championship game against Hunterdon Central Regional High School, after losing to them in the finals in 2007. Piscataway football won the 2010 North II Group IV state sectional title by a score of 34–6 over Hunterdon Central; The Chiefs finished the season undefeated at 12-0, marking the third time the team has gone undefeated in school history, and set a program record with 412 points scored that season. In 2011, Piscataway beat Elizabeth High School 41–34 with 17 seconds left to earn the North II Group IV title for the Chiefs. 2011 marked the 15th consecutive year that Piscataway had made the playoffs. In 2016, the team won the Central Jersey Group V title with a 34–13 win against Manalapan High School in the tournament final. In 2018, the team won the North II Group V state sectional championship with a 28-7 win against Union City High School and went on to finish the season with a 13-0 record with a 31-21 win against Ridgewood High School in the North Group V bowl game.

Paragraph 19: Discography (Studio)Litto Nebbia, 1969Litto Nebbia, Vol. 2, 1970Nebbia's Band, 1971Despertemos en América, 1972Huinca (as Huinca), 1972Muerte en la Catedral, 1973Melopea, 1974Fuera del Cielo, 1975Bazar de los Milagros, 1976Cosas que No Quieren Morir, 1976El Vendedor de Promesas. 1977Canciones para Cada Uno, Vol. 1, 1978Toda Canción Será Plegaria, with Mirtha Defilpo, 1979Creer, 1980Canciones para Cada Uno, Vol. 2, 19811981, 1981Solopiano, Vol. 1, 1981Solo Se Trata de Vivir. 1982Llegamos de los Barcos, 1982Evita: Quien Quiera Oír que Oiga (Soundtrack), 19831992, 1984Para que Se Encuentren los Hombres, with Cuarteto Zupay, 1984En Brasil, Aquí y Ahora... , 1985Luna Caliente (Soundtrack), 1985O Segredo da Vida, 1985Demasiadas Maneras de No Saber Nada, 1986The Naked Word (Recorded in 1979), 1987Musiqueros, (Nebbia-Baraj-González), 1987Buscando en el Bolsillo del Alma, 1988El Jardín de la Esquina, 1988Las Tres Corazonadas (Nebbia-Baraj-Borda), 1989Homenaje a Gardel y Le Pera, 1990Los Aviadores (Soundtrack), 1990Nostalgias del Harlem Español & la Luna Centinela, 1990Las Aventuras de Rubén Rada & Litto Nebbia, with Rubén Rada, 1990Esperando un Milagro, 1992Argentina de América, 1992Seguro, 1992Las Boludas (Soundtrack), 1993Ponto de Encontro (Zé Renato, Litto Nebbia & Victor Biglione), 1994New York Es una Ciudad Solitaria, 1994Bolero Afrolatino, with Cacho Tejera, 1994Nebbia Canta Cadícamo, 1995Páginas de Vida, Vol. 1-4, 1994Pequeño Manual de Vos y Yo, 1996Tangos Argentinos de Enrique Cadícamo, 1996Malvinas (Soundtrack), 1997El Hombre que Amaba a Todas las Mujeres, 1997Matar al Abuelito (Soundtrack), 1998Romancero Gitano de Federico García Lorca, 1998Beatles Songbook: A Southamerican Vision, Vol. 1 & 2, 1999Siempre Bailan Dos, 2000Beatles Songbook: A Southamerican Vision, Vol. 3, 2001Corazones y Sociedades, 2001Las Canciones que Escribí en México (Y las que Aprendí...), 2001Celebración, 2001Brian Wilson: Tributo, 2002Canciones Desde Península Valdés, with Alfredo Lichter, 2002La Noche del Colibrí, 2002La Melancolía Vital, with Lito Vitale, 2003Las Aventuras de Domingo Cura & Litto Nebbia, with Domingo Cura, 2003Tango & Nocturno, 2004Una Mirada, 2004Danza del Corazon, with La Luz, 2007The Blues, 2007The Blues-Parte 2, 2007Bella Madrid, 2008Soñando barcos..., 2009La Virtud del Día, with Hugo Diz, 2009Abandoneado, 2010A su Aire, 2010La Canción del Mundo, 201111 (Vidas), with Alfredo Lichter, 2011Aire Fresco (Nebbia-Homer-Ingaramo), 2012En Medio de los Hombres, with Facundo Cabral, 2012Colegio Horizontes - Vamos a Escribir una Canción, 2013Film Music Songbook, 2014Aire Fresco 2014, 2014Canto de la Luna, 2016Archivo Jobim, with Silvina Garré, 2016Rodar (50 Años de Rock Argentino), with Pez, 2017Amigos del Litoral, with Los Núñez & Cacho Bernal, 2017Canciones de Tucumán a Rosario, with Leopoldo Deza, 2018Alma, 2018Siempre en Sábado, 2020Cuadernos del Cine Francés de los 60, 2021Nunca Encontraré una Casa Como la que Hay en Mí, 2021Cuadernos de Apuntes Sonoros, 2022La Suite Rosarina'', with Adrián Abonizio, 2022

Paragraph 20: Zacharie Robutel de La Noue (June 4, 1665 – 1733) was a French lieutenant and captain in the colonial regular troops, and seigneur of Châteauguay. Robutel de La Noue was a Canadian, born in Montreal, son of Claude Robutel de La Noue, seigneur of Île Saint-Paul, and Suzanne de Gabrielle. As a soldier he escorted various expeditions - to Hudson Bay in 1686 with Pierre de Troyes, Chevalier de Troyes and up the Ottawa River in 1692. He also led military attacks on Mohawk villages in 1692–93. He was sent by governor Vaudreuil in July 1717 to establish a chain of three posts from Lake Superior to Lake of the Woods, but he was only able to re-establish a fur trading post, Fort Kaministiquia, on the Kaministiquia River. He remained there as commandant until 1721.

Paragraph 21: Then came the magnitude 7.6 earthquake in Casiguran (in which Manila was severely affected by that quake). This strong earthquake lead to the collapse of the Ruby Tower in the capital's downtown districts. This was the second major news event as a progenitor to the current Radyo Patrol; DZAQ took on the gargantuan task of informing the nation live as it happened. The Radyo Patrol Ruby Tower project was then handled by former DZAQ station manager Orly Mercado, and veteran broadcaster Joe Taruc; the first reporters assigned as Radyo Patrol reporters were Mercado himself, Jun Ricafrente, Mario Garcia, Chris Daluz, and Ismael Reyes. The marathon radio-TV simulcast of a major coverage — the first of its kind by a Philippine media firm, was a success, and the Radyo Patrol format later became an integral part of DZAQ's broadcasts, with the station's field reporters being assigned to cover breaking news stories and then calling the station to convey these stories as they happened. Encouraged by the success of the field reports of breaking news stories in the Greater Manila Area and beyond, DZAQ was later that year converted into a 24-hour uninterrupted news and commentary station by orders of the corporation management, covering many national events of great importance to listeners, as DZXL took over its entertainment and music programming. Based on a survey conducted by Seamark, Inc., DZXL was the most popular radio station in the country by mid-1970. At the same time, the original team of 5 field reporters was later expanded to include both young announcers like Rey Langit (now with DZRJ-AM), Ernie Baron, and Manolo Favis (now with Radyo La Verdad 1350), alongside industry news veterans. By 1971, the success of the Radyo Patrol format in the Greater Manila Area had led to select ABS-CBN provincial radio stations establishing Radyo Patrol news services within their areas.

Paragraph 22: On 16 September 2000, the new shopping mall "Dickson CyberExpress" () was opened by Dickson Poon. The size was  spread over four levels of the station with six shopping areas. However, the mall did not have the expected volume of customers and business was weak. After half a year, the mall shrank in size. The mall's management company planned to decrease the level of the mall from 4 levels to 3 levels and to combine some of the shopping areas. Business remained poor due to sparse population near the station and a recession at that time. The mall finally closed its operation in 2005.

Paragraph 23: On 1 April 1935 Arnold Sommerfeld, Heisenberg’s teacher and doctoral advisor at the University of Munich, achieved emeritus status. However, Sommerfeld stayed on as his own temporary replacement during the selection process for his successor, which took until 1 December 1939.  The process was lengthy due to academic and political differences between the Munich Faculty’s selection and that of both the Reichserziehungsministerium (REM, Reich Education Ministry.) and the supporters of deutsche Physik, which was anti-Semitic and had a bias against theoretical physics, especially including quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity. In 1935, the Munich Faculty drew up a candidate list to replace Sommerfeld as ordinarius professor of theoretical physics and head of the Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of Munich.  There were three names on the list: Werner Heisenberg, who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1932, Peter Debye, who would receive the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1936, and Richard Becker - all former students of Sommerfeld.  The Munich Faculty was firmly behind these candidates, with Heisenberg as their first choice.  However, supporters of deutsche Physik and elements in the REM had their own list of candidates and the battle commenced, dragging on for over four years. During this time, Heisenberg came under vicious attack by the supporters of deutsche Physik. One such attack was published in Das Schwarze Korps, the newspaper of the Schutzstaffel, or SS, headed by Heinrich Himmler. In the editorial, Heisenberg was called a “White Jew” who should be made to “disappear.”  These verbal attacks were taken seriously, as there was physical violence against the Jews and they were incarcerated. Heisenberg fought back with an editorial and a letter to Himmler, in an attempt to get a resolution to this matter and regain his honor. At one point, Heisenberg’s mother visited Himmler’s mother to help bring a resolution to the affair.  The two women knew each other as a result of Heisenberg’s maternal grandfather and Himmler’s father being rectors and members of a Bavarian hiking club. Eventually, Himmler settled the Heisenberg affair by sending two letters, one to SS-Gruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich and one to Heisenberg, both on 21 July 1938. In the letter to Heydrich, Himmler said Germany could not afford to lose or silence Heisenberg as he would be useful for teaching a generation of scientists. To Heisenberg, Himmler said the letter came on recommendation of his family and he cautioned Heisenberg to make a distinction between professional physics research results and the personal and political attitudes of the involved scientists. The letter to Heisenberg was signed under the closing “Mit freundlichem Gruss und, Heil Hitler!” (With friendly greetings, Heil Hitler!”) Overall, the Heisenberg affair was settled with a victory for academic standards and professionalism, however, with Wilhelm Müller taking over for Sommerfeld on 1 December 1939, this appointment was a political victory over academic standards. Müller was not a theoretical physicist, had not published in a physics journal, and was not a member of the Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft; his appointment as a replacement for Sommerfeld was considered a travesty and detrimental to educating a new generation of theoretical physicists.

Paragraph 24: The Independence Party is a political party in the U.S. state of New York. The party was founded in 1991 by Dr. Gordon Black, Tom Golisano, and Laureen Oliver from Rochester, New York, and acquired ballot status in 1994. They lost their ballot status in 2020 under a change in the New York state election law that required at least 130,000 votes on the party line every two years. Although often associated with Ross Perot, as the party came to prominence in the wake of Perot's 1992 presidential campaign, it was created prior to Perot's run. In 2020, it affiliated with the Alliance Party, but disaffiliated in 2021.  It used to have one elected member of the New York State Assembly, Fred Thiele, until Thiele switched his party affiliation to the Democratic Party in 2022.

Paragraph 25:  Prisma (voiced by Megan Hilty) is an evil Crystal Master from the Mystic Isles and sister to Azurine. Ever since Sofia and Amber visited the Mystic Isles, she tried to trick them into thinking that it is her sister who is the evil Crystal Master. Sofia had second thoughts, but Amber, being tricked by Prisma into think that she will give Amber a magical amulet like Sofia, gave her Terra Crystal Staff to Prisma. That's when Prisma's true colors are revealed that she is the evil Crystal Master, not Azurine. Prisma revealed that she had been jealous of Azurine, but now that she has her powers back, she imprisons her sister and plots to cover all of the Mystic Isles in crystals, draining all of the Mystic Isles' residents of their magic in the process. Fortunately, Amber decided to make amends of her mistake, and working together with Sofia, Harumph, and Skye, she used the Shattering Stone to return all of the Mystic Isles and its residents back to normal, free Azurine, and strip Prisma of her powers. Foiled by Sofia and Amber, Prisma tries to run away after Azurine sadly states that she must be turned in to the Protectors, but Sofia, with Skye's help, caught up with Prisma and rescued her from falling off a cliff. But just seconds afterwards, the Protectors arrived in time to arrest Prisma for her crimes against the Mystic Isles. Since then, she has become Sofia's newest enemy and the main antagonist of Season 4. Now angry at Sofia and blaming her for foiling her plans, Prisma has now escaped with the help of her new ally, Twitch (thanks to him giving her Sofia's Necessi-Key). Since then, Prisma vowed revenge on Sofia, and together with Twitch and, later on, Wormwood (Cedric's former close friend and pet raven), Prisma strives to once again become powerful by obtaining all of the "Wicked Nine", the group of evil objects that have belonged to 9 major Disney Villains. In the series finale, "Forever Royal", Prisma succeeded in her plan, only to have more than what she bargained for. As a result, the spirit of the evil enchantress, Vor (freed from the Locket of Vor), possessed Prisma, transforming her into Vor in the process. But after Vor's defeat when she and Sofia were sucked into Sofia's amulet, Prisma apologizes to Sofia for everything that has happened, having never meant for the Ever Realm and Mystic Isles to fall into darkness. Prisma then worried about being imprisoned in the amulet with Sofia, but both were eventually freed thanks to a magic spell by Cedric, and the combined efforts of the Protectors and all of Sofia's friends and family. After being freed from the amulet with Sofia, Prisma has also apologized to the Protectors for everything, and calmly goes along with them and taken into custody. What happens to Prisma after that is still unknown.

Paragraph 26: IMF Agent Ethan Hunt (portrayed by Tom Cruise) is "disavowed" by the IMF following a botched mission in Prague, a "mole hunt" for an agent who plans to steal the CIA's non-official cover (NOC) list, a detailed file of all the IMF agents situated in Eastern Europe. Framed as the mole, with only his teammate Claire Phelps alive, Ethan plots to steal a copy of the list to lure the real traitor out of hiding. Hunt enlists the help of two other "disavowed" IMF agents: Luther Stickell and Franz Krieger (portrayed by Jean Reno). Stickell is chosen as "Cyber-Ops" for his reputation as a hacker and phreaker. Reluctant at first, Luther is baited into the hack when Ethan plays to Stickell's ego, selling the job proposal as "the Mount Everest of hacks". Posing as a team of firefighters, the rogue IMF group breaches the CIA and infiltrates the main computer mainframe via a remote terminal in Langley, Virginia. In order to gain access to the floor with the NOC list, Luther hacks into the building's computer-controlled electrical system, triggering the fire alarm on that floor. Because of his agility, Hunt performs the physical act of obtaining the information himself but has Luther, in his ear via headset, instructing him on performing the hack. Luther, from the team's firetruck parked outside the building, obtains the password to the terminal by hacking into the CIA's online network from a laptop. After obtaining the list, Hunt discovers that his team leader Jim Phelps not only survived the initial mission in Prague, but also is the real mole. He is the man responsible for framing Ethan, despite Jim's insistence that CIA Director Kittridge is the mole. After learning this from Ethan, Luther helps him double-cross Claire and Jim together. Aboard a train headed for Paris, the arms dealer called Max (Ethan's buyer of the NOC list) and her bodyguard are caught with the stolen data, the CIA drops their case against Hunt and reinstates him, along with Luther. While celebrating with Ethan at a British pub, Luther proclaims he is "the flavor of the month", indicating that the CIA is now treating him like royalty thanks to his help. At the same time, he muses that he is "gonna miss being disreputable" as he is no longer in hiding and incapable of the illegal computer activities he was privy to performing before being reinstated. Before going their separate ways, Hunt smiles and tells Luther that, if it makes him feel any better, he will always see Luther in that light.

Paragraph 27: Nationalisation of coal in 1947 brought investment and with the building of the Barony Power Station, which was commissioned in 1957, the future of the region seemed assured. However, within 30 years the fortunes of the area, so tied to coal, followed the spectacular demise of deep pit mining. Lacking an economic source of fuel as mines closed, the power station shut down in 1989, High House pits closed in 1983, and Auchinleck village subsided into post-industrial recession. However, with the recent acquisition and subsequent development of Dumfries House in the area by Prince Charles, Duke of Rothesay, and with new building taking place in the area there are signs of 'green shoots'.

Paragraph 28: Lesbians have been active in the mainstream American feminist movement. The first time lesbian concerns were introduced into the National Organization for Women (NOW) came in 1969, when Ivy Bottini, an open lesbian who was then president of the New York chapter of NOW, held a public forum titled "Is Lesbianism a Feminist Issue?". However, National Organization for Women president Betty Friedan was against lesbian participation in the movement. In 1969 she referred to growing lesbian visibility as a "lavender menace" and fired openly lesbian newsletter editor Rita Mae Brown, and in 1970 she engineered the expulsion of lesbians, including Ivy Bottini, from NOW's New York chapter. In reaction, at the 1970 Congress to Unite Women, on the first evening when all four hundred feminists were assembled in the auditorium, twenty women wearing T-shirts that read "Lavender Menace" came to the front of the room and faced the audience. One of the women then read their group's paper "The Woman-Identified Woman", which was the first major lesbian feminist statement. The group, who later named themselves "Radicalesbians", were among the first to challenge the heterosexism of heterosexual feminists and to describe lesbian experience in positive terms. In 1971 NOW passed a resolution declaring "that a woman's right to her own person includes the right to define and express her own sexuality and to choose her own lifestyle," as well as a conference resolution stating that forcing lesbian mothers to stay in marriages or to live a secret existence in an effort to keep their children was unjust. That year NOW also committed to offering legal and moral support in a test case involving child custody rights of lesbian mothers. In 1973 the NOW Task Force on Sexuality and Lesbianism was established. In November 1977 the National Women's Conference issued the National Plan of Action, which stated in part, "Congress, State, and local legislatures should enact legislation to eliminate discrimination on the basis of sexual and affectional preference in areas including, but not limited to, employment, housing, public accommodations, credit, public facilities, government funding, and the military. State legislatures should reform their penal codes or repeal State laws that restrict private sexual behavior between consenting adults. State legislatures should enact legislation that would prohibit consideration of sexual or affectional orientation as a factor in any judicial determination of child custody or visitation rights. Rather, child custody cases should be evaluated solely on the merits of which party is the better parent, without regard to that person's sexual and affectional orientation."

Paragraph 29: Baker switched guernsey numbers in the 2019/20 off-season, taking the number seven from departing forward Dan Butler as well as receiving a Richmond life membership for his part in the previous season's premiership. After initially being named by AFL Media as a candidate to fall out of the club's best 22, the mid-December retirement of fellow defender Alex Rance saw Baker increasingly likely to retain his spot in the Richmond backline. Despite this opportunity opening up, Baker instead spent the summer months training in the wing position opened up by the free agent departure of Brandon Ellis. He starred in that position during the pre-season series, including with a team-high 30 disposals in a practice match loss to . Baker recorded 16 disposals in a round 1 win over Carlton when the home and away season began, but under extraordinary conditions imposed on the league as a result of the rapid progression of the coronavirus pandemic into Australia. In what the league planned would be the first of a reduced 17-round season, the match was played without crowds in attendance due to public health prohibitions on large gatherings and with quarter lengths reduced by one fifth in order to reduce the physical load on players who would be expected to play multiple matches with short breaks in the second half of the year. Just three days later, the AFL Commission suspended the season for an indefinite period after multiple states enforced quarantine conditions on their borders that effectively ruled out the possibility of continuing the season as planned. Baker contributed 12 disposals when the season resumed in June after an 11-week hiatus, before missing round 3's match against  to attend a funeral in his home state of Western Australia. He returned for the club's round 4 loss to  and remained in the senior side through round 6, when it was relocated to the Gold Coast in response to a virus outbreak in Melbourne. He earned a career-first Brownlow Medal vote in round 6's win over , and contributed an equal game-high six intercepts in round 8's loss to , after which he ranked equal-second among all defenders in the league for fewest goals conceded to direct opponents so far that season (two). He contributed a best on ground performance in round 10, earning nine coaches association award votes for 580 metres gained and a then-career-high 26 disposals. Baker earned another two coaches votes for 16 disposals in round 13's Dreamtime in Darwin win over . At the end of the regular season, Baker earned selection to the 22under22 team, recognising the league's best young players. In addition, he was Richmond's nomination to the league Most Courageous player category at the AFL Players' Association awards. Baker kicked his only goal of the year in the opening match of the club's finals campaign, a qualifying final loss to the . He was among Richmond's best players in a semi-final win over  the following week, adding 19 disposals and an equal team-high six intercepts. Baker bested the latter of those stats in the preliminary final win over , recording eight intercept possessions to help his side through to another Grand Final. He became a two-time premiership player the following week, playing what AFL Media described as "an excellent game" with 14 disposals and four inside-50s in a 31-point victory over . After a season in which he played 20 of a possible 21 games and won another premiership medal, Baker also placed sixth in the club's best and fairest award.

Paragraph 30:  Jay Nichols (Hank Azaria) is Herman's best friend, a resident writer for Waterton who works upstairs. Prior to the timeline of the series, he had helped Herman land a job as a fact checker in the research department. A smooth-talking ladies' man, Jay often is more gutsy when it comes to pursuing women, and typically, is subject to periodic rejection from women who do not tolerate his machismo and clichéd pick-up lines. He is often looked to by Herman as a level of confidence to aspire to, while Jay eventually ponders how Herman's more cautious, "nice guy" persona could work to his advantage. He has also made Herman feel insecure at times because of his position in the company being higher than Herman's. A frequent visitor to the research department, Jay always drops in to have spirited conversation with his best buddy, whom he always calls "Hermo", "The Hermster", or some variation thereof. Originally, Jay is exclusively seen chasing after flashy, status-conscious women, most notably Heddy Newman, who continually turns him down and gives him very little acknowledgement during his visits to the research department. He was engaged to a woman he was hopelessly in love with, but she left him at the altar—which nearly destroyed him. And so he now regards relationships with women as just for sex. His ex-fiancée returns and he falls back in love with her. He prepares to leave all of New York to go away with her, but she abandons him again. Jay pretends he left her this time, but Herman pretends he does not know that she left him. By the third season, Herman fixes up Jay with Louise Fitzer, and the two become an item. They begin to fall in love with each other.