Paragraph 1: Court hearings began in spring 2006. The accused maintained that the assassination was staged by Chubais himself. In November–December 2006 Karvatko changed his testimony accusing the investigators in undue pressure and threats. He said that he was abducted by police soon after assassination attempt and tortured. He agreed to slander defendants after his kidnappers threatened to imprison his wife and showed him a forged protocol of the search in his apartment illegal ammunition and narcotics had been found. He provided audio recordings of some of his conversations with militia officers pressuring him, but the judge refused to make an examination of this tape and to file it to the case. Right away after that Karvatko's statement the jury panel was dismissed at the request of the prosecutor who stated the jury could no longer remain unbiased when they heard how Karvatko's testimony had been obtained. Only the initial of Karvatko's testimonies had been considered valid by court. While the lawyers of the plaintiff insisted that Karvatko was pressured by the suspects and their friends, Tatiana Mironova, mother of another suspect, Ivan Mironov, publicly accused investigators in torturing Karvatko. In December 2006 the court was restarted with the a new jury. As of December 2007, jury had been dismissed again, and hearings continued with the third jury. Pro-Kremlin liberal media pleaded for "tough sentences," to cool "folk avengers" and finally, after three years of imprisonment Kvachkov, Naydenov and Yashin were acquitted by the court on 5 June 2008. After the acquittal of Kvachkov, Chubais made statement saying that he has no doubts that Kvachkov was responsible for the assassination, and that it was Kvachkov who personally tried to shoot him in March 2005. On the other hand, he believes that acquittal of the guilty is better than sentencing of innocent Kvachkov, in retaliation, called the attack on Chubais the "first act of armed resistance in the national liberation war", Around the same time, Kvachkov said "now I have a chance to finish what I started", meaning his doctoral thesis, but some media quoted it out of context. Still he maintained that he did not participate in the assassination and that it was staged by Chubais himself to divert attention from his business problems The case returned to court again after the prosecution's appeal. The new trial started on 29 September 2008. The next court session was postponed until 13 October because only 6 out of 500 potential jurors arrived to court on the day the jury selection was scheduled to begin. On 13 October 2008 the case was sent by court back to the prosecution after the judge received Kvachkov's case and Ivan Mironov's case as two separate cases. The judge sent both cases back to the prosecutor so that they could be merged into one case. The trial on a new merged case began on 23 November 2009. On 21 August 2010 the jury found that there was not enough evidence presented in the persecutor case and all the defendants were acquitted again.

Paragraph 2: Ultraman Leo comes from Nebula L77 (Leo constellation), and takes the human form of Gen Ootori. Ultraseven appears to fight a new foe, Alien Magma and his two "pets", the Red and Black Giras. Ultimately, Ultraseven is greatly overpowered and his leg is graphically broken by Black Giras. Ultraman Leo drives off the foes, but Ultraseven is confined to his human form because of his injuries and due to the Ultra Eye being damaged when he attempted to transform. Dan then maintains his role as Captain of MAC (Monster Attack Crew). Gen is a gymnastics teacher on the side and joins MAC to defend the Earth. Gen and Dan regularly train together, allowing Ultraman Leo to learn many moves in human form. In episode 34, Dan asks Ultraman Jack to take the Ultra Eye back to M78 to be restored while he heals on Earth. However, in episode 40 MAC is destroyed by Silver Bloome, a saucer monster that belongs to Commander Black. During the attack Dan asks Leo to keep defending the Earth and disappears in the conflagration. It is later shown that he was taken back to M78 to be fully healed and restored as Ultraseven. Gen is now unemployed and spends most of his time training the kids to defend themselves as well as defending the Earth as Ultraman Leo. Commander Black and Alien Bunyo capture Gen when he cannot transform completely. Gen as Leo is then dismembered, only to be brought back to life by Ultraman King. Leo would then face Commander Black's final monster, Black End, with the kids he trained, the latter of whom kill Black, and hand the sphere used to control Black End to Leo. Finishing his mission, Gen removes his Leo Ring and sets off to tour Earth, his "second home".

Paragraph 3: The daily routine followed by Mary and Elizabeth was probably similar to that which was later set by the King for their brother Edward when he was three years old; it may also have been based on customs described in the household books of their paternal uncle George, Duke of Clarence. The children were awakened at approximately six o'clock in the morning so that they could "get up at a convenient hour according to [their] age" to attend morning prayer in their bedroom. Then the bell informed them that it was time to go to Mass, which was celebrated by the house chaplain at the local chapel. Regular observance of liturgical services was seen as a necessity for the royal children. Immediately after mass, the princesses ate breakfast; the likely ingredients for breakfast were bread, butter, ale, fish, meat, or eggs. Dinner was served to the princesses at ten or eleven o'clock in the morning; the meal itself was a "noble service" of dishes "brought by revered people" and squires in livery, and could last up to two hours. While eating, the sisters were read instructive and noble stories; in addition, King Edward IV insisted that there should be no "brawlers, hooligans, dangerous people or adulterers" in the homes of his children, and all conversation in their presence should be "virtuous, honest ... and wise". After dinner, the princesses would take a bath and perhaps get an afternoon nap. Later, drinks and bread were brought to the girls, after which the bell called everyone to Vespers. Dinner was served at four o'clock in the evening. The rest of the evening was spent by the princesses in entertainment such as games and music; the King's daughters went to bed at about eight o'clock in the evening, having previously received a snack in the form of bread, ale or wine and other products. It is noteworthy that in the accounts of the court of the princesses of this period, toys are hardly mentioned.

Paragraph 4: In late 1994, Andersson formed The Hellacopters as a side project together with Dregen, Kenny Håkansson and Robert Eriksson, all of whom earlier had been roadies during Andersson's time in Entombed. In January 1995 they released their first single Killing Allan on their own label Psychout Records. Their first full-length album Supershitty to the Max! was released in 1996 and was recorded in 25 hours and later awarded with a Grammies. The group recruited Anders Lindström and supported KISS on their Scandinavian shows in 1997. The album was followed up the next year with Payin' the Dues. Due to the band's success, Andersson left Entombed to focus full-time on his new band. However the next year guitarist Dregen left The Hellacopters to focus full-time on his other band Backyard Babies. With their third record The Hellacopters changed the direction of their music to a more cleaner sound than the early garage/punk rock style. The band continued to tour with temporary replacements before Robert 'Strings' Dahlqvist joined the band as their full-time guitarist. The band continued to release albums and tour extensively in Scandinavia, Europe and other parts of the world as well as opening up for The Rolling Stones on two shows in 2002. In 2006 The Hellacopters joined forces with The Hives, Backyard Babies, The Soundtrack of Our Lives and Millencolin and embarked on a successful tour throughout Sweden. The band broke up after the release of their 7th full-length album 'Head off', a collection of cover songs which was  followed in 2008 by a last tour through Europe and Scandinavia.

Paragraph 5: Born in Korgi, Kundapura taluk, Udupi district, Jayaprakash Hegde is a practising advocate and entered politics very early in his life. He has been elected thrice to the Karnataka Legislative Assembly as an independent candidate from the Brahmavara constituency and served as Minister holding the portfolio of Ports and Fisheries. He is married to Veena Hegde and has two children, a son, Nishanth and a daughter, Divya. He was Minister in charge for undivided Mangalore and Udupi District. It is due to his fight and determination that Udupi was finally declared an independent district in 1997. When his Brahmavar constituency was divided by the central government and no longer existed, he was forced to join the Congress party for political survival. In 2009 he contested unsuccessfully from the Udupi Chikmagalur for the 2009 Indian general election on an Indian National Congress ticket. Hegde has been elected to Lok Sabha from the same constituency following a by-election in 2012.  He was the most popular MP the constituency has had and had a tremendous track record of work in only 1.5 years. However, in 2014, because of the unprecedented Modi wave, Shobha Karandlaje, who is a close associate of BJP heavyweight B.S. Yediyurappa defeated Congress candidate, Jayaprakash Hegde, by a margin of nearly one lac votes. The Congress on Monday, December 14, 2015, expelled Jayaprakash Hegde, from the party for six years due to his popularity causing insecurities in Rajya Sabha MP Sri Oscar Fernandes. Jayaprakash Hegde being a worker's candidate and not a top leader's follower, faced several issues in Congress and due to his inability to obey the orders of Oscar Fernandes, he was removed from the party without notice. Standing as an independent candidate in the Dakshina Kannada constituency, he gave the Congress party a run for its money, when more than half of the party workers voted for him instead of the official Congress candidate. The Indian National Congress has not seen victory in coastal Karnataka ever since the ejection of Jayaprakash Hegde. His exit has left a big gap in leadership and team building in Coastal Karnataka Congress. He is said to be one of the cleanest politicians in the state, well respected by the general public, media and other politicians. He had successfully completed his MP term by undertaking many good things in a few months of the term, that couldn't be continued in the next terms by the other MP. Despite being out of power, he continues to do public service and brings in important projects for the constituency. He had refused to return to the Congress party recently, despite repeated requests.

Paragraph 6: Having sold their ground for redevelopment at the end of the season, Horsham played at Worthing during 2008–09 and reached the 4th Qualifying Round of the FA Cup where they took Conference side Stevenage Borough to a replay before ending an injury-ravaged year in thirteenth place. Season 2009–10 found the club back in Horsham, having entered into a groundshare agreement with their old neighbours Horsham YMCA as their quest for a new ground continued. Financial cutbacks at the end of the 2010–11 campaign, during which they finished only 6 points clear of possible relegation back to Division One, saw Horsham part company with long serving manager John Maggs after 11 years in charge. Former Faversham Town manager, Justin Luchford, was appointed as his replacement in June 2011 but left the role in late October 2011 and was replaced by assistant, Hugo Langton. A lack of improvement in results, during which the club failed to win any of their 19 league games, saw Langton replaced by former Worthing boss Simon Colbran in March 2012 but he was unable to prevent the side from returning to Division One South. A season of stability followed, with the Hornets ending the campaign in fifteenth and claiming the Brighton Charity Cup for a second successive season but Colbran resigned his post in November 2013 with the club in 18th position. His departure led to the popular appointment of Horsham born Gary Charman, some fifteen years after making the first of more than 550 appearances for his hometown club. Charman steered the club to 16th place but a poor run of results the following season led to him being replaced by two more former players, Anthony Storey and Cliff Cant, in January 2015. Despite some impressive initial results, the pair were unable to save the club from relegation so former East Preston manager Dominic di Paola was appointed towards the end of the campaign with a view to rebuilding a side capable of competing in the Sussex County League for the first time since 1951.

Paragraph 7: Because of this, and the last-minute decision to add "radioactive skies" in special effects, Damnation Alley was in post-production well past the intended release date of December, 1976 due to the difficult process of superimposing optical effects on the sky in about 300 shots (which were not part of the original concept, and consequently, were not planned for during filming, resulting in poor execution of the effect).  This pushed the release date from December, 1976 to March, 1977, and then again to June, 1977.  It was during this delay that 20th Century Fox released their "other" science fiction film for 1977, Star Wars. The studio had planned to release only two science fiction films that year, with Damnation Alley intended to be the blockbuster.Star Wars became a hit of epic proportions, and forced Fox to further delay and re-address a struggling Damnation Alley, which was still languishing in post-production special effects work.  In a panic, the release date was delayed to December, 1977, but moved up to October when the studio realized it would go up against the release of an expected hit, Steven Spielberg's Close Encounters of the Third Kind. With the additional delay, Fox re-edited the entire film. Smight was already involved with another project during this time, so Fox took over the re-edit. The decision was made to cut down the length of the film to the bare-minimum running time of 90 minutes for a theatrical release, and large sections of the film were edited out by the studio. These cuts amounted to 44 minutes of footage, and included a major subplot of a love triangle between Tanner, Denton, and Janice. Many scenes early in the film at the missile base were excised as well - sequences which showed the breakdown of military order. Murray Hamilton was featured prominently in several scenes which were cut, as the now-despondent and alcoholic General in charge of the base (which rendered his character literally "mute" in the final film, with no lines of dialogue). Critically, a physical confrontation between Tanner and Denton after the death of Keegan by "killer cockroaches" was removed (in this scene, Tanner blames Denton for not saving his friend from death). In spite of these major edits, Fox focused more content on the "Landmaster" vehicle, and the special effects, in direct response to Star Wars. The film underwent several name changes during this period, from the original "Damnation Alley" to "Salvation Road," and then to "Survival Run" up until shortly before the release, when it was again renamed "Damnation Alley". The film was finally released in the United States on October 21, 1977 to fleeting success when it opened, but poor critical reviews and word of mouth tanked it at the box office.

Paragraph 8: Gingle's next film came in 2021, as the pandemic ravaged Taiwan's domestic film industry in 2020 and led to postponement in production or release. She appeared in a supporting role as Wang Ting in Plurality, directed by Aozaru Shiao. Later the same year, Chung Mong-Hong cast Gingle, alongside Alyssa Chia, in female lead roles as the mother-daughter duo in The Falls before he even met the pair, as he thought the impressionable looks of Gingle and Alyssa could help the audience connect to the characters. Her emotionally rich and contagious performance in The Falls captured the hearts and imagination of viewers and producers alike, as she was nominated for the Best leading actress at the 58th Golden Horse Awards, firmly establishing her as a future star in the film industry. The movie also turned out to be critically acclaimed as it was nominated for or won nearly a dozen separate awards at the 58th Golden Horse Awards, including winning the Best Feature Film. The film also garnered international attention at the Venice International Film Festival and the New Mexico Critics Awards, winning Best Foreign-Language Film in the latter. Gingle worked with renowned director Giddens Ko for the first time in the fantasy romance Till We Meet Again, in which she portrays Pinky, a dissatisfied high school girl turned trainee love god, alongside her divine partner Ah Lun, played by Kai Ko. The film was a resounding commercial success, raking in a quarter billion NT dollars at the domestic box office alone. Winning three of eleven nominations, Till We Meet Again also did well at the 58th Golden Horse Awards, though Gingle's major supporting role did not gain as much traction this time. During the promotion for the film, Gingle reassessed her talents in dancing, stating her interest in taking part in a musical in the future. On October 22, More Than Blue: The Series was released worldwide on Netflix. The ten-part series, one year in the making, featured Gingle as Cream, an orphaned high school girl, and follows her adventures with K, played by Fandy Fan, in an emotional rollercoaster ride. The three-part television series Light the Night saw Gingle make special appearances in part two (released December 30, 2021) and three (released March 18, 2022) of the work, playing a younger Rose, the female protagonist of the series. Gingle was widely praised for her role upon the series' release, notable names that publicly displayed their support and admiration included director Chu Yu-ning, the executive producer of The Falls, among others.

Paragraph 9: Georgia College was chartered in 1889 as Georgia Normal and Industrial College. Its emphasis at the time was largely vocational, and its major task was to prepare young women for teaching or industrial careers. In 1917, in keeping with economic and cultural changes in the state, Georgia Normal and Industrial College was authorized to grant 4-year degrees, the first of which was awarded in 1921. In 1922, the institution's name was changed to Georgia State College for Women. The university has been a unit of the University System of Georgia since the system's founding in 1932. Mary "Flannery" O'Connor entered as a freshman in 1942. Active in student publications, she graduated three years later and became one of the South's most noted writers. Also during World War II, Georgia State College for Women served as one of four colleges that trained WAVES for the U.S. Navy. After the war, enrollment declined as women preferred co-educational colleges. The name was changed to Woman's College of Georgia in 1961, and, when the institution became coeducational in 1967, it became Georgia College at Milledgeville. The name was shortened to Georgia College in 1971. In August 1996, the Board of Regents approved a change of name to Georgia College & State University, and a new mission as Georgia's Public Liberal Arts University.

Paragraph 10: The world map contains a large number of cities which can be visited, and these form the backbone for the game's underlying role-playing mechanics. Each city offers some cards for sale of a color matching the terrain around the city; the purchase of food (required to prevent slow-downs on the world map due to hunger); and often quests that usually involve reaching another city, acquiring a specific card, or defeating an enemy in the nearby area. These quests often has a reward at the end wherein the play will receive cards, hints to castle secrets or Mana links. Obtaining Mana links raises the players life points. These Mana link can also be removed if the city in which it was obtained is overrun by a creature.  Cities also buy cards from the player, allowing him or her to make money for the purchase of food, better cards and spend them in certain special areas (for example, to buy amulets from a Gem Bazaar). Some cities also offer special items that enhance player performance or allow the player to create special effects such as instant teleportation. Some of these effects, depend on the consumption of colored amulets that can be collected in various encounters, earned upon completion of quests, or purchased  These gems can also be traded for rarer cards (generally those of the same color of the amulet) at various towns. The landscape also contains a handful of dungeons whose locations can be discerned through various means, particularly the completion of quests and the defeat of powerful enemies. Within a dungeon, life lost in each duel carries over to all others, and other special rules will apply which could hinder or enhance a player's abilities. For example, a particular card could be permanently in effect. The dungeon interface is made up of a randomly generated series of perpendicular tunnels, with enemies placed in various locations and intersections. The player has freedom of movement within the tunnels while enemies remain stationary, but the player cannot pass through a spot taken by an enemy without initiating combat with that enemy. The tunnels also contain bonuses that can be picked up which provide a random effect, often bestowing extra life points or a free creature at the start of the next duel. Dungeons are important because of the special, valuable and powerful cards contained within that can be found no where else, frequently offering one of the Power Nine.

Paragraph 11: Joseph Moskowitz (, 1879 – 1954) was a Romanian-born American cimbalom player, composer, restaurant owner and recording artist in New York City during the first half of the twentieth century. A descendant of a family of klezmer musicians, he was among the most well-known American cimbalom players of his time, and had a wide repertoire which included not only Jewish music but also Romanian, classical, and ragtime music. He is thought to have composed over 100 cimbalom pieces which drew upon various musical influences. His restaurant Moskowitz & Lupowitz, on Second Avenue also became a popular destination and celebrity hangout in the 1920s and 1930s.

Paragraph 12: Using the results from either Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics, Bose–Einstein statistics or Fermi–Dirac statistics we use the Thomas–Fermi approximation (gas in a box) and go to the limit of a very large trap, and express the degeneracy of the energy states () as a differential, and summations over states as integrals. We will then be in a position to calculate the thermodynamic properties of the gas using the partition function or the grand partition function. Only the case of massive particles will be considered, although the results can be extended to massless particles as well, much as was done in the case of the ideal gas in a box. More complete calculations will be left to separate articles, but some simple examples will be given in this article.

Paragraph 13: During its development, the weapon underwent several major design changes. Initially, its gripstock was literally just a gripstock with grips, stock and trigger only, later evolved in a separable launch unit with optics, electronics, and battery input. Several designs didn't have optical sighting device at all (gunner was supposed to rely on the instant annoying alarm beep when seeker acquired the target,) while those which have it differed one from another with shape, field of view and magnification of their optics, either separable, or non-separable, which in turn could be built-in or molded-in primitive mechanical sight with flashing diodes inside diopter to inform gunner of seeker's lock-on. Launch tube changed its design and shape several times, from pipelike straight-shaped one to the variable-diameter tube with wide rear section to provide missile with better acceleration, and back to straightline tube to prevent its explosion due to a critical pressure drop or accidental booster detonation. Canards of the basic missile design were housed within the missile body during the entire flight, coming outside only to correct the course deviation of each roll cycle and folding back within a split second, variable incidence (instead of fixed) canards were used to improve terminal guidance accuracy. Seeker also have changed drastically, with multiple modifications made during the test phase, most important of which, it became cooled, thus increasing its discrimination capability (though extending reaction time a little bit in order to adjust its subsystems to operating temperature,) and reducing the field of view to increase missile's capability against single engine jets, to become more reliable and efficient weapon. Among the design improvements made in the seeker gyro were an increased aperture to provide greater sensitivity; a new center post design for supporting the secondary mirror to improve background discrimination; a new gyro gimbal of increased rigidity; an improved lead sulfide cell, doubling its sensitivity; and an improved reticle with a reduced field of view. Unorthodox designs included the "Foxhole Redeye," being almost a half shorter and small enough to be stored and fired from a rifleman's foxhole, and the "unitized launcher Redeye" fire-and-discard variant as a fully discardable throw-away unit with no separable elements for use with the USMC and CONARC units. All interim designs eventually were dropped in favour of the one which was considered the best possible choice by the Army Missile Command, and mass-produced at the General Dynamics facilities within the Greater Los Angeles Area. The following is the list, featuring the basic model, designated FIM-43A and approved for production along with its derivatives:

Paragraph 14: A passenger name record (PNR) is a record in the database of a computer reservation system (CRS) that contains the itinerary for a passenger or a group of passengers travelling together. The concept of a PNR was first introduced by airlines that needed to exchange reservation information in case passengers required flights of multiple airlines to reach their destination ("interlining"). For this purpose, IATA and ATA have defined standards for interline messaging of PNR and other data through the "ATA/IATA Reservations Interline Message Procedures - Passenger" (AIRIMP). There is no general industry standard for the layout and content of a PNR. In practice, each CRS or hosting system has its own proprietary standards, although common industry needs, including the need to map PNR data easily to AIRIMP messages, has resulted in many general similarities in data content and format between all of the major systems.

Paragraph 15: Sir John Leigh (1502–1564). Leigh was among those knighted (as 'John a Lee') on 2 October 1553, the day after the coronation of Queen Mary. By his wife, Elizabeth, whose surname is unknown, Leigh had a daughter, Agnes Leigh (d. before 1590), who married firstly, Sir Thomas Paston (c. 1515 – 4 September 1550), a gentleman of King Henry VIII's Privy Chamber, the fourth but third surviving son of Sir William Paston (c. 1479 – 1554) and Bridget Heydon, and secondly, Edward Fitzgerald, (17 January 1528 – 1597), a younger brother of Gerald FitzGerald, 11th Earl of Kildare (1525–1585), by whom she was the mother of Gerald FitzGerald, 14th Earl of Kildare. Leigh was in Cardinal Wolsey's household as a youth, had travelled to Jerusalem before 1538, was a prisoner in the Tower in that year, was in Antwerp in September 1561, and was a friend of Sir Thomas Gresham; according to Gresham, Leigh was 'the man that preserved me when Queen Mary came to the crown'. In 1541 Leigh was called before the Privy Council to answer for having twice had contact with Cardinal Pole while on the continent. According to Warnicke, Leigh's half-sister, Queen Catherine Howard, had once 'obtained the release from prison of her kinsman John Legh', and it seems likely that it was on this occasion that the Queen exercised her influence on Leigh's behalf. Leigh is perhaps best known for a quarrel with his kinsman, Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey. On 13 July 1542, Howard was committed to the 'pestilent ayres' of the Fleet by the Privy Council for having struck Leigh. Three weeks later Howard met with the King, and after entering into a recognizance on 5 August in the amount of 10,000 marks to guarantee his future good behaviour towards Leigh, was released from custody. According to Burgon, Leigh himself was subsequently committed to the Fleet in August 1547, released after entering into a recognizance in the amount of £2000 to guarantee his good behaviour, and again confined to prison in November of that year, on both occasions for reasons unknown. Leigh made his last will on 30 April 1563, to which he added a codicil on 14 March 1564. The will was proved on 5 February 1566. Leigh's principal heir was his nephew, John Leigh (d. 19 or 20 January 1576), son of his brother Ralph (d. before 1563). Although Leigh bequeathed his wife, Elizabeth, an annuity, the will reveals that he had earlier divorced her 'on certain sufficient grounds'. Leigh died in 1564, and was buried in the church of St. Margaret, Lothbury. Stow has preserved his epitaph, which states that he was 'to sundry countries known/ A worthy knight, well of his prince esteemed'.

Paragraph 16: The biggest design difference between the Morris-designed C-Series and the Austin-penned A- and B-Series engines was the position of the camshaft - on the right-hand side of the block (as viewed from within the car) rather than the left, although all three engines had their inlet and exhaust ports on the left. This meant that the C-Series didn't require the compound ports of the Austin engines, which were partly required to provide space in the cylinder head for the pushrods. This should, theoretically, have provided the C-Series with superior 'breathing' and efficiency than the smaller engines since it still used the same highly-effective heart-shaped Combustion chamber design by Harry Weslake. However this was undermined by the carburettor arrangements; instead of a dedicated intake manifold the C-Series was designed with an intake gallery cast into the cylinder head, with the carburettor(s) attached directly to the intake(s). This design was chosen for ease of construction and to allow different carburettor arrangements to be easily accommodated and the design also eliminated carburettor icing. Each cylinder had a generous-sized intake port from the gallery but the restrictive shape of the gallery and the carburettor port(s) severely limited the engine's maximum power output and speed, as did the four-bearing crankshaft. There appear to have been plans for a twin cam variant of the C-Series, using the same basic head and valve design as the DOHC B-Series in the MGA Twin Cam for use in Rileys and Wolseleys. This explains the relatively unadventurous design of the standard engine. However the reliability problems of the twin-cam B-Series and the mixed reception of the Riley Pathfinder discouraged BMC from pursuing this development and work stopped in 1955.

Paragraph 17: When there is a baserunner, the pitcher will pitch from the stretch, one of the pitching positions.  For this example we will say the runner is on first base. From the set position a right-handed pitcher can still see the baserunner out of the corner of his eye. A left-handed pitcher has a clear view of the baserunner because of his position on the pitcher's mound. If it is a right-handed pitcher there is only one main method of this pickoff move. This involves a quick shuffle of the pitcher's feet to turn towards first base and throw the ball to the first baseman. The first baseman will then attempt to tag out the runner. The left-handed pitcher, due to their natural stance and the way they are facing, has multiple moves. The two main methods are called the "snap throw" and "spin move". The snap throw is when the pitcher quickly lifts his back foot behind the pitching rubber and slings the ball to the first baseman. A snap throw can also refer to the catcher throwing the ball to the base following a pitch. The spin move is when the pitcher lifts his leg like he is going to pitch the ball but then rotates his body toward first and throws the ball.  The pitcher will try to vary this move by doing this move while looking at the runner or at the batter, which can be deceiving to the baserunner. A former pickoff move in Major League Baseball used mostly by right-handed pitchers was called "third to first" and could only be done if there were baserunners on first and third. It was performed by the pitcher faking a pickoff at third, then stopping, spinning and throwing the ball to first base instead. This move was used to try to get the base-runner or the batter to disclose what action they were going to perform on the pitch.  Former Kansas City Royals right-hander, Steve Busby, is credited for popularizing the "third to first" move, and Jeff Nelson was also known for using it.  After the 2012 season, Major League Baseball instituted a rule change defining this move as a balk.

Paragraph 18: Hermelin was born into an aristocratic family in Svanshals, Ödeshög Municipality, Östergötland County and had a traditional education, at the end of which he spent a couple of years at the Philosophical Faculty of the University of Uppsala, which he left without taking a degree. Already at this stage he seems to have developed a taste for alcohol, which later became an addiction, with drastic lifelong consequences. After an unsuccessful attempt at farming on a family estate, he began a wandering life abroad. In 1883 he went to the United States and eked out a living as a teacher, a carpenter, and a soldier, before returning to Europe in 1885. In 1886, he traveled to England and joined the British army as a soldier in the Middlesex Regiment (under the name of Thomas Edward Hallan). He went with his regiment to India in the following year. However, his army career in India proved a failure. He was much troubled by disease, and by then his drinking had developed into full-blown alcoholism, possibly in combination with the use of narcotic drugs. Nevertheless, he spent time on language studies, obviously in preparation for one of the language examinations that formed part of the British administrative system in India. He states that he learnt Hindustani (i.e., Urdu) and also started to learn Persian. There is, however, no record showing that he had passed any examination in these subjects. In later years he occasionally referred to his Indian "Monshi," and it is also likely that he had his first encounters with Sufism at that time. In April 1893 he was finally discharged from the army "with ignominy," i.e., for disciplinary reasons. After that he became an even more intrepid traveler, going to England and America (including Jamaica) and then back to Sweden, where he again tried his hand at farming. His aristocratic family found his alcoholism and disorderly life unacceptable and had him declared officially unfit to manage his life, and in 1897 he was placed under the care of a guardian. Regardless of this injunction, he went abroad again and lived in Australia and, possibly, America, earning a living through sundry occupations. He turned up in London in the autumn of 1907 and returned to Sweden in early 1908. In the autumn of the same year he was taken into a lunatic asylum in Stockholm, and in February 1909 he was moved to the asylum of St. Lars in Lund, where he spent the rest of his life. He never married.

Paragraph 19: After a postman drowns, Sanya, 8, finds a bag full of letters. As the envelopes are all wet, there is no way to read the addresses and send the letters. A neighbour, Aunt Dasha, reads the letters to anyone willing to listen during the cold winter evenings. Thus Sanya first hears of the lost Arctic expedition that will become the meaning of his life. For now on he is only fascinated by the brave people and their adventures, though he already can understand that the expedition is probably lost and all its participants are dead. Meanwhile, tragedy comes into his own life. One night he goes fishing in the river and witnesses a murder. Next morning his own father is accused of it, the accusation based on the knife with the name of "Grigoryev" beside the victim. Sanya knows that it is he who has lost the knife, but he cannot tell anything because he is mute. Sanya's father is taken to prison and eventually dies there. During the hard and hungry winter of father's being in prison, mother sends Sanya and his sister, also Sanya (he is Alexander and she is Alexandra) to a village to live the two of them all alone. There Sanya meets the Doctor, a runaway revolutionary, who teaches the boy to speak. He disappears three days after his mysterious arrival, but Sanya keeps practicing all winter - only to start speaking when it is told of father's death. Eventually mother comes for the children and takes them home, where they discover she is about to remarry. The stepfather turns out to be cruel and selfish, and he abuses the children heavily. Mother realizes that and soon dies, probably after committing suicide (this is not specified; it could be an accident after which she has no will to live, though suicide is also possible, as to parallel the fates of Sanya and Katya's parents). Sanya then agrees to his best friend Pyetka's urges and the two escape to search for a better life in Turkestan, which they see as a magical land of the East. They give each other a pledge taken from the poem Ulysses of Alfred, Lord Tennyson: "To strive, to seek, to find and not to yield". This pledge always helps Sanya go on. After months of wandering through the winter forests, through war-beaten Russia of the 1917 winter, they end up in the hunger-stricken Moscow. Reality smashes in their faces, they get separated and lose each other for many years. Sanya ends up in an orphanage.

Paragraph 20: In 1939, while he was performing his military service in the Navy, he took part in several matches in the team of the Navy, played on the field of basins, putting on a good display, despite weighing 90 kg. He was noted by some observers of Venezia, who after various stresses succeeded in getting him to tryout; according to another source, a naval officer who was a fan of Venezia, admired the skill of Valentino and offered him to the Lagunari. At the trial, which he showed up and played barefoot, having left his boots intentionally at home not to ruin them. He convinced everyone, especially the manager Giuseppe Girani to purchase him. After a few months in the reserve team, which participated in its own championship, he was hired on 1 January 1940 for 50,000 lire. He made his debut in Serie A on 31 March 1940, in a 1–0 defeat away to Lazio, entering as a substitute for the center forward Francesco Pernigo, and kept his place in the starting lineup on his own merits. He played in all five of the remaining league games, often in the middle of the attack, creating a goal on the penultimate day against Bari, guaranteeing Venezia mathematical safety from relegation. In a Coppa Italia round of 16 defeat against Modena that ended 3–1, he would also score his team's only goal.

Paragraph 21: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) said: "While Fidel Castro is gone, sadly the oppression that was the hallmark of his era is not." Meanwhile, half Cuban-American Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) said: "Fidel Castro's death cannot bring back his thousands of victims, nor can it bring comfort to their families. Today we remember them and honor the brave souls who fought the lonely fight against the brutal Communist dictatorship he imposed on Cuba." Other Cuban-Americans, Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) said history will remember Castro as an "evil, murderous dictator. Fidel Castro seized power promising to bring freedom and prosperity to Cuba, but his communist regime turned it into an impoverished island prison. Over six decades, millions of Cubans were forced to flee their own country, and those accused of opposing the regime were routinely jailed and even killed." He added that he hoped President Barack Obama sends "no one" to the funeral. Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL) wrote on Twitter: "We must seize the moment and help write a new chapter in the history of #Cuba; that of a Cuba that is free, democratic, and prosperous." Although, she added that with Raúl Castro still in charge, change would be unlikely. She added: "A tyrant is dead." Representative Carlos Curbelo (R-FL) also wrote: "The passing of the dictator marks the end of a long, horrifying chapter in #Cuba's history. The #Cuban people need our solidarity #Castro." Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) said: "Now that Fidel Castro is dead, the cruelty and oppression of his regime should die with him. Today let us reflect on the memory and sacrifices of all those who have suffered under the Castros." Cruz and Rubio later said, respectively: "What the Obama administration has done has strengthened Raúl Castro. Raúl is the dictator now. You know, I asked my dad at dinner last night, well, what do you think happens now that Fidel is dead? And he shrugged and said Raúl's been in charge for years, that this is — the system has gotten stronger;" and "[h]e has made very clear that he felt that the moves President Obama has made toward Cuba were wrong and that he would examine them and change the ones that needed to be changed. And I think that's very promising. I know they've had good people advising them on this issue, as well. So I certainly have confidence that he's going to do the right thing when it comes to Cuba."

Paragraph 22:  The label's most successful act commercially was the German-based band Boney M. with million-selling hits like "Rivers of Babylon", "Brown Girl in the Ring" and "Mary's Boy Child - Oh My Lord".  David Bowie mastered Low and recorded Heroes at their studio in Berlin.  After a decline in sales both domestically and internationally in the mid 80s, Hansa was eventually purchased by Bertelsmann Music Group, who merged them with several other labels like Ariola Records to form BMG Berlin Musik GmbH/BMG-Ariola, later to become part of international conglomerate Sony Music Entertainment, under which it was phased-out in 2009. It is used today only for reissues of its previous releases.

Paragraph 23: An 1829 calendar of Stuart patent rolls in the Irish Chancery includes  Knockatoodreknocknynuyshaneboye (31 letters) and Aghannyquillaknockacarnoc (25 letters) from 1611 as subdenominations within "Gortnemureknock" (now Gortinure and Knocks) County Fermanagh; Grangeballaghmarramacquoid (26 letters) in Armagh in 1616; and Ballylirstrillyvickenratty (26 letters) for Tullymacarath, County Down in 1609. The spelling Ballemickegillemorreyietragh (28 letters; later "Ballymackilmurry etra" in the townland of Ballymackilmurry) is recorded in a 1609 inquisition into the churchlands of County Armagh made in preparation for the Plantation of Ulster. Salters Grange, County Armagh is called Grangeballaghmarramacquoid (26 letters) in inquisitions of 1557 and 1614.   The 1654 Civil Survey of County Tipperary records Glayshlackeenetanballyuore (26 letters) as the name of a "small brooke" forming part of the boundary of Oughterleague parish by the townland of Demone; Aghknockanecurryheeneliegh (26 letters) a ford on the boundary of Moyne parish in Tipperary; and Barrecoroughbollinbraykon (25 letters) a "littel stream" on the border of Gorey barony. A place named Caherhewlissingaberrighe (24 letters) in Galway or Roscommon is mentioned in a 1578 fiant.  An 1825 index of placenames in the decrees of innocence registered under the Act of Settlement 1662 includes Gortecoleighshraghmicknuckgenny (31 letters), Ballynygorenagheyannyneaghe (27 letters) and	Laghirtydonellanknockane (24 letters).

Paragraph 24: The canvas is identifiable with the painting that was at Palazzo Cellammare in Naples, at Costanza Colonna, Marchioness of Caravaggio, along with a work of the same subject (the San Giovanni Battista of the Borghese collection) and a Magdalene, as evidenced by the letter the Apostolic Nuncio in the Kingdom of Naples Deodato Gentile to Cardinal Scipione Caffarelli-Borghese in Rome, on July 29, 1610 (Pacelli 1994, pp. 141–155).  The three paintings were commissioned by its Borghese and were on the felucca that was supposed to bring their author from Naples to Rome, just before he died.  Also from the letter of 29 July that, when Caravaggio was imprisoned in Palo, the paintings were shown to Naples from Costanza Colonna.  Scipione Borghese was able to regain possession of one of the two St. John (the one currently on display at the Galleria Borghese ), while St. John's lying seized almost certainly Pedro Fernandez de Castro, VII Count of Lemos and viceroy of Naples from 1610 to 1616.Il painting He arrived in Spain in 1616, when the Count of Lemos, finished the vice-regal office, left for Madrid .  Through the steps hereditary within the family went to Don Pedro Antonio, tenth Earl of Lemos, who was appointed viceroy of Peru in 1667 and was certainly responsible for the transfer of St. John lying in Latin America.  After being in a private collection of El Salvador and then to Buenos Aires, the painting was brought in Bavaria following a lady of Argentina, just before the Second World War (Marini 2001, p. 574).  The canvas was announced by Marini as autograph after the restoration carried out in Rome by Pico Cellini in 1977-78 and dated 1610 (Marini 1978, pp. 23–25, 41-42 illus. 3–5, figs. 15-25 ; Marini 1981, pp. 82 note 117, 45 fig. 10).  The chronological position in the very last phase of life of the painter was confirmed not only by zeros (1998, pp. 28–45), in written communications from Stroughton (1987), Pico Cellini (1987), Pepper (1987), Spike ( 1988), Slatkes (1992) and Claudio Strinati (1997), but it should be noted also that Bologna (1992, p. 342) considered the work a copy of a lost original by the Neapolitan church of Sant'Anna dei Lombardi .  The hypothesis of the scholar (later ricredutosi Caroli in 1992 where he explicitly identified the painting of Monaco in San Giovanni that the Merisi was carrying on the felucca) is still unfounded, not knowing the original prototype of the Chapel Fenaroli, destroyed in ' old fire of the church, which were destroyed in the other two paintings by Caravaggio: The resurrection of Christ and St. Francis in the act of receiving the stigmata.  This painting can not be confused with any other of St. John of Merisi, who have an origin and a commission documented;  therefore its connection with the mentioned in the letters of Deodato Gentile to Scipione Borghese is certainly to be welcomed.  In the languid pose of St. John are discernible Venetian memories: the reference is specifically to the Venuses and Danae of Giorgione and Titian, but also to the ancient representations of river gods and paintings of the same subject in the Neapolitan area.  Writer (Pacelli 1994, pp. 150–151) has pointed out the similarities with the San Giovanni Borghese, the Adoration of Messina, the Martyrdom of Saint Ursula of Intesa Sanpaolo collection in Naples.  I have also indicated a significant branch in a relaxed David (now preserved in a private collection in Naples) of unidentified artist, but certainly active in Naples in the first half of the seventeenth century, and in a St. John's Paul Finoglio private collection.  At San Giovanni Battista lying was devoted to the recent exhibition at the Museum Het Rembranthuis of Amsterdam between 2010 and 2011: to report in this regard, the publication on exposure, interventions Strinati (2010-2011), Treffers (2010–2011), Pacelli (2010-2011), which traces back the historical and critical of the painting on the basis of the findings in 1994 (pp. 45–51), Marine (2010–11), and Giantomassi Zari (2010–11), which highlight, aspects of painting technique and to restoration.

Paragraph 25: Following his election to the presidency of the United Nations General Assembly, he offered a statement interpreted as renewed criticism aimed at the United States: "The behavior of some member states has caused the United Nations to lose credibility as an organisation capable of putting an end to war and eradicating extreme poverty from our planet." He denounced what he called "acts of aggression, such as those occurring in Iraq and Afghanistan." However, he expressed his "love" for "the United States as a country" and added: "I do not want to turn this General Assembly presidency into a place to take it out on the United States." Reacting to those comments, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Zalmay Khalilzad responded: "We have been assured that a page has been turned and that he understands his new responsibilities.... We will wait and see." Richard Grenell, spokesman for the U.S. Mission to the United Nations, added: "The president of the General Assembly is supposed to be a uniter. We have made it clear that these crazy comments are not acceptable, and we hope he refrains from this talk and gets to work on General Assembly business." However, Mark Kornblau, spokesman for the United States Mission to the United Nations, said: "It's hard to make sense of Mr. D'Escoto's increasingly bizarre statements."

Paragraph 26: In 1682, Peden performed the wedding ceremony of John Brown and his second wife, Isabel Weir. He told Isabel after the ceremony, "You have a good man to be your husband, but you will not enjoy him long; prize his company, and keep linen by you to be his winding sheet, for you will need it when ye are not looking for it, and it will be a bloody one". On the night of 30 April or morning of 1 May 1685, troops commanded by Captain John Graham of Claverhouse shot John Brown for his refusal to take the 1684 Oath of Abjuration or to swear not to rise in arms against the king. This oath did not require one to proclaim the king, rather than Christ, as the head of the church. However, it would have been understood by a Covenanter to be a promise not to resist the king's claimed supremacy, ecclesiastical as well as civil. Peden was 11 miles away. He prayed with the family of John Muirhead in his home, "Lord, when wilt Thou avenge Brown's blood? O, let Brown's blood be precious in Thy sight." Peden told them of his vision of Brown's wife weeping over his corpse and of Claverhouse killing John Brown.

Paragraph 27: It is a small tree reaching 5 meters in height. The young, light yellow to dark brown branches are densely hairy but become hairless as the branches mature. The branches also have sparse lenticels. Its elliptical, membranous to papery leaves are 9-17 by 4-8.5 centimeters. The leaves have rounded to flat bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 5-18 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless on their upper surfaces and slightly hairy on their lower surfaces. The leaves have 8-12 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its densely hairy petioles are 2-5 by 0.8-2.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its solitary Inflorescences occur on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has a solitary flower. Each flower is on a sparsely to very densely hairy pedicel that is 20-45 by 0.3-0.8 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have 2 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, very densely hairy bract that is 0.7-1.2 millimeters long. Its flowers are male or hermaphroditic. Its flowers have 3 triangular sepals, that are 1.5-3 by 1-2 millimeters. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, sparsely to densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The white to light purple, egg-shaped, outer petals are 4.5-8.5 by 4.5-7 millimeters with hairless upper and sparsely hairy lower surfaces. The white to light purple, diamond-shaped inner petals have a 1.5-5 millimeter long claw at their base and a 6.5-15 by 6-10.5 millimeter blade. The inner petals have flat to pointed bases and pointed to sharply pointed tips. The inner petals are hairless on their upper surfaces, except at the margins near the tip, and sparsely to densely hairy on their lower surfaces. The inner petals have two, elliptical, smooth, prominently raised glands on their upper surface. Male flowers have 105-115 stamens that are 0.8-1 by 1-2.2 millimeters. Hermaphroditic flowers have 28-30 carpels that are 1-2.2 by 0.5-0.7 millimeters.  Each carpel has 2 ovules arranged in a row. The hermaphroditic flowers also have up to 10 stamens. The fruit occur in clusters of up to 10 on slightly hairy pedicles that are 32-45 by 1-2 millimeters. The orange, oval to globe-shaped fruit are 10-13 by 6-13 millimeters. The fruit are smooth, and very densely hairy. Each fruit has up to 2 spherical seeds that are 8-9.5 by 8.5-10 by 5.5-7.5 millimeters. The seeds are wrinkly.

Paragraph 28: The Kerrs worked together on several projects, including a 1946 adaptation of the novel, The Song of Bernadette. They contributed lyrics and sketches to the  musical Touch and Go (1949), and co-authored  Goldilocks (1958), a Broadway musical comedy about the early days of silent film that ran from October 11, 1958, to February 28, 1959, and won two Tony Awards, for best actress in a featured role (Pat Stanley) and best actor in a featured role (Russell Nype). The Kerrs also collaborated on the Tony Award-winning King of Hearts (1954), which ran for 279 performances: He directed the play that she co-wrote with Eleanor Brooke. King of Hearts was adapted for the screen in 1956 under the title That Certain Feeling. The film starred Bob Hope.

Paragraph 29: Cockburn played a leading role in the battle of Novgorod on 16 July 1611, in particular, his regiment blew open the town gates. In July 1612 he was sent by Jacob de la Gardie at Novgorod to Gustav II Adolf to seek payment for Cockburn's troops - some of his regiment had already been sent back to Finland for lack of finances. That year 1612 he obtained 301 homesteads in Ostrobothnia as compensation for a claim of 8,000 dalers. On 1 August 1613 Cockburn's troops landed at Narva. Cockburn was appointed Governor of Dunaw in Livonia, which was called "Fortress Cobron" after him. His regiment also formed part of the Swedish forces lent to Muscovy during the hostilities with Poland-Lithuania from 1614 to 1616. He was at the siege of Augdow and Pskov, and relieved Ladoga. Cockburn's regiment is listed in military payrolls every year from 1611 to 1615, and in 1614 and a register was made of all the sick soldiers under his command. In 1615 there is a note of decommissioning payment for Cockburn and his regiment, and by May 1616 the Swedes were keen to allow the soldiers to rest and recoup in case they were needed again. According to one source his troops mutinied at Narva in 1616 (?) and he then took command of the Karelia troops. Cockburn tried in vain to get reimbursement for his loans to the Crown in June 1616, although Axel Oxenstierna did intervene on Cockburn's behalf with the bailiff of Porvoo who was preventing the Scotsman from earning his keep from his land. Indeed, when the Swedish-Russian peace looked imminent, Cockburn requested a transfer into Russian service, and in December 1617 this was granted by the Swedes. Cockburn was to ensure that he was only used against Poland and that he was to convince the Tsar that the Poles were weak, being engaged in war with the Turks and facing domestic opposition. Although it is intriguing that a Scotsman was considered for such intricate use in Swedish foreign policy, it appears that Cockburn and his fellow officers never did enter Russian service however. Chancellor Axel Oxenstierna intervened on his behalf in October 1616 with the local baillies of Porvoo and Rassborg to leave Cockburn unmolested. There is a letter regarding Cockburn and his regiment dated 5 November 1621. At that point he was in active service on Gustav II Adolf's Livonian campaign in the renewed hostilities against Poland. Cockburn served as the commandant at Duna, near Riga in Livonia. One of the rare times Cockburn's troops were negatively described was when they were quartered in three separate villages. Axel Oxenstierna noted that Cockburn was one of the officers killed by illness by 12 February 1622. Jacob de la Gardie records that colonel Cockburn had died by March 1622, (another source erroneously notes that he died in 1631 in Turku) but he appears to have been buried in 1621 in the Turku Cathedral after a military campaign in Latvia. His brother Johan Cockburn erected a marble monument to his memory. He had been married to Barbara Kinnaird.

Paragraph 30: Ewing's parents were both musical enthusiasts: her mother was a keen collector of classical recordings, and her father played the piano well enough to attract an audience of admiring neighbors. Ewing's own musical education began with piano lessons when she was thirteen. As well as playing solo piano pieces, she sometimes acted as an accompanist for one of her sisters, Frances, occasionally singing duets with her; their mother was sufficiently impressed by her voice to encourage her to complement her keyboard work by studying singing too. Coached by a local voice teacher, Ewing joined the alto section of the chorus at her Detroit high school—Jared W. Finney High School—and was soon participating in and winning singing competitions. When she was seventeen, she became a pupil of Marjorie Gordon, a coloratura soprano (not to be confused with an English Gilbert and Sullivan soprano of the same name). After only a year of teaching her, Gordon suggested that she should apply to take part in Oakland University's Meadow Brook Music Festival. She auditioned for the role of Maddalena in a production of Rigoletto that was to be conducted by a young James Levine. Their meeting proved to be wonderfully serendipitous: Levine was so struck by her expressive power that he assured her that she had the potential to become a major artist, while for her part, she found in him a teacher, mentor, guide, champion and friend. It was in order to study with Levine that she sought and won a scholarship at the Cleveland Institute of Music, where her other instructors included the soprano Eleanor Steber. And after her graduation in 1970, it was at Levine's urging that she continued her training in New York City as a private pupil of the great mezzo-soprano Jennie Tourel, supporting herself by working in offices and clothing stores.