Paragraph 1: The Federation starship Enterprise arrives at the planet Elba II, home to a Federation facility for the criminally insane, carrying a shipment of new medication which is believed will cure all violent insanity. Captain Kirk and First Officer Spock beam down with the shipment to meet the facility director Donald Cory. Instead, they find that the inmates have taken over the facility and locked Cory in a cell. The inmates are led by Garth of Izar, a former starship fleet captain, mentally unstable as the result of an injury. He acquired the ability to shapeshift using a method taught to him to heal his own injuries, and was released from his cell when he assumed Cory's form.

Paragraph 2: Meanwhile, Chris Redfield arrives on Rockfort Island in search of Claire, after receiving a message from her via Leon S. Kennedy. Upon learning that she had left, Chris focuses on determining where and begins searching the island. In the process of doing so, he comes across Albert Wesker, an independent agent since the Spencer mansion incident (the events of Resident Evil), who is seeking to retrieve a sample of the T-Veronica virus. After Chris learns of his sister's whereabouts, and Wesker discovers that Alexia is alive and carries what he needs, the two separately find their way to Antarctica. Once there, Chris frees his sister and helps her to search for Steve, only for them to find that he had been experimented with and injected with the T-Veronica virus. After mutating, Steve attempts to kill Claire, but fails, regaining control of himself to turn on Alexia, who then inflicts a mortal wound on him. Before Steve dies, he confesses his love for Claire. Meanwhile, Chris and Wesker confront Alexia. In the resulting conflict, Wesker escapes and manages to retrieve Steve's corpse for further experimentation, while Chris manages to defeat Alexia and escape with his sister, before the Antarctic facility self-destructs.

Paragraph 3: As a result of the change in role and more relaxed weight limits of a vehicle-mounted SAM, the design team made the 9M31 a much heavier missile, which permitted fewer design compromises than in the case of Strela-2 to achieve acceptable kinematic performance. The most notable difference is the much larger diameter of the missile and a blunt seeker head spanning the full width of the missile. With all else being equal, the ability of an optical seeker to detect a target is directly proportional to its diameter, but on the other hand aerodynamic drag increases proportionally to the square of the diameter.

Paragraph 4: At the age of 21, she returned to France, and was soon the declared mistress of Louis Henri, Duke of Bourbon ("Monsieur le Duc"), who was prime minister at the beginning of the reign of Louis XV (1723-1726). During his ministry she dominated the royal court and engineered the marriage of Louis XV of France to Marie Leszczynska instead of Mademoiselle de Vermandois, the younger sister of the Duke of Bourbon. In 1725, her scheme to have Bourbon's rival Fleury exiled failed. Instead, Fleury was recalled and in turn became prime minister causing Bourbon to be banished to his castle at Chantilly.

Paragraph 5: Much of the film's content has been discussed as a critique of the British education system of the time, known as the Tripartite System, which sorted children into different types of schools depending on their academic ability. The view of the creators is that such a system was harmful both to the children involved and to wider society. In his 2006 book, Life After Kes, Simon Golding commented that "Billy Casper, unlike the author [Golding], was a victim of the 11-plus, a government directive that turned out, for those who passed the exam, prospective white-collar workers, fresh from grammar schools, into jobs that were safe and well paid. The failures, housed in secondary modern schools, could only look forward to unskilled manual labour or the dangers of the coal face. Kes protests at this educational void that does not take into account individual skills, and suggests this is a consequence of capitalist society, which demands a steady supply of unskilled labour." Golding also quoted director Ken Loach who stated that, "It [the film] should be dedicated to all the lads who had failed their 11-plus. There's a colossal waste of people and talent, often through schools where full potential is not brought out."

Paragraph 6: Rockford operates a small private investigation service out of his beachside mobile home in Malibu, California.  The trailer was parked in the lot for  Paradise Cove next to a restaurant. To avoid confrontations with the LAPD, he will not take on open police cases. He also refuses to do domestic cases. He specializes instead in cold cases, missing person cases and small-time insurance scams. At one time, in addition to other clients, he worked on a retainer basis for a major insurance company, but the company scrapped the deal when a case went sour, and Rockford lost the annual income. He charges a flat rate of $200 a day plus expenses for each case, which, in a running gag, he seldom actually receives. Over the years he was involved in several cases for which his investigative efforts should have gained him significant bonuses, but he was never able to collect them. He is consistently shown to be short on money, or trying to keep creditors at bay; he typically wears sport coats and low-priced off-the-rack suits and his lone indulgences are an answering machine (the source of another running gag at the beginning of each episode) and the latest gold colored Pontiac Firebird Esprit automobile, traded in each year of the series for the newest model. (Garner did not like the look and handling of the 1979 model, so the 1978 was reused for the final season in 1979–80; this was an apparent use of product placement in the series.) Rockford is an outstanding driver, on several occasions getting out of tricky situations when being followed merely by skillfully maneuvering his vehicle away.

Paragraph 7: The village dates back to at least the 2nd century, when it was an important naval base for the Romans. The Latin name of the settlement was long thought to be Glannoventa. The discovery of a lead seal in excavations at the Roman fort during the 1970s named the Cohors Prima Aelia Classica (First Cohort of Hadrian's Marines). This unit is listed in the Notitia Dignitatum as being garrisoned at Itunocelum during the fourth century. Due to this it was suggested that Ravenglass was not Glannoventa but actually the Itunocelum. Since the lead seal was discovered two other objects, a Roman military diploma from the beach by the fort at Ravenglass and a fragment of a Roman altar from Muncaster, have been found. These both name the Cohors Prima Aelia Classica and prove beyond reasonable doubt that Ravenglass was the Roman Itunocelum. The fort occupied the most southerly point of the Cumbrian coastal defence system, which can be seen as an extension of Hadrian's Wall and the western extremity of the Roman frontier World Heritage Site.

Paragraph 8: Brill made various trips to the Middle East, including accompanying Wertime's 1968 survey of the ancient technologies of Iran, alongside other great minds such as the noted ceramicist, Frederick Matson (UCL Institute for Archaeo-Metallurgical Studies 2007). In the years 1963-1964, the Corning Museum of Glass and the University of Missouri, following a long history of excavation at the necropolis of Beth She'Arim, conducted an examination of a huge slab of glass, some 2000 years old, that had been languishing in an ancient cistern (Brill and Wosinski 1965). Brill cannot recall who first suggested this slab, measuring 3.4m by 1.94m, could be made of glass, but the only way to test it was to drill a core through its 45 cm thickness and analyse it (Brill 1967, Brill and Wosinski 1965). On analysis of the core, Brill found that the glass was devitrified and stained, and not very homogenous, with a presence of wollastonite crystals throughout (1965, 219.2). Investigation of the manufacture technology required to produce the slab, suggested that in order to produce such a slab of glass, it would have been necessary to heat over eleven tons of batch material, and sustain it at around 1050˚C for between five and ten days (Brill 1967)! His initial interpretation was that the glass must have been heated either from above or from the sides using a kind of tank furnace; a hypothesis that was proven accurate when excavation underneath the slab suggested it had been melted in situ, in a tank whose floor was a bed of limestone blocks with a thin parting layer of clay (Brill and Wosinski 1965, Brill 1967). Brill's interpretation, that the slab and its surroundings suggest ‘some early form of reverberatory furnace’ was the first suggestion of the use of tank furnaces in early glassmaking (1967, 92). The evidence at Beth She’arim encouraged further innovative thought because whilst the slab represented glass production on a grand scale, no associated evidence for glass working was found. Brill had already suspected that historical glassmaking occurred in two phases, the heavy ‘engineering’ stage when the glass is formed from the batch ingredients and the ‘crafting’ stage when the glass is formed into artefacts (Brill, pers. comm., 2009). These stages could occur in combination at one location, or at two differing locales, and the time span of production after the initial glass melt is highly flexible. For Brill, the idea of this ‘dual nature of all glassmaking’ was ‘crystallized’ at Beth She’Arim, where only the raw glass production was represented, and would be reinforced later by the contrasting evidence, where working was favoured over production, found at Jalame, as discussed below (Brill, pers. comm., 2009).

Paragraph 9:  New Year's Eve 1966: Free-spirited Debbie "Deb" Dunham has switched from Old Harper whisky to marijuana and has given up her platinum blonde persona for one as a hippie/groupie. She misses Terry, mentioning that they were planning to get married before he went MIA in Vietnam. She is currently dating another hippie, Lance Harris, and wants to get married, but he isn't interested. At the beginning of the storyline, as they drive around San Francisco, they get pulled over by Bob Falfa, the drag racer from the first movie who has gone on to become a SFPD motorcycle patrolman, and arrests Lance for possession of a marijuana joint. She bails him out, but he still isn't interested at the idea of marriage, and acts distant towards her. She then joins some hippies of the band "Electric Haze" on a long, strange trip running over garbage cans, and they end up in a country-and-western bar. Epilogue: Dancing at the country-and-western bar, Debbie sees Lance dancing with another woman, so she hits him in the face and dumps him, causing a bar fight, and later joins the Electric Haze on another trip, as they go to watch the sunset. She ends up getting a full-time job as lead singer of a country-and-western music group.

Paragraph 10: Once their secret is out, Abby's slowness planning their wedding begins to frustrate Luka, so he takes action. In the episode "I Don't," Luka prepares a surprise wedding for Abby, and then convinces her to marry him then and there. The night before they are due to depart for their honeymoon, however, he receives a call from Croatia informing him that his father is ill, so the honeymoon is postponed, while Luka makes an urgent trip to his native country. He is gone much longer than expected (six months), and Abby struggles to keep their lives in Chicago together while Luka is away. When Kovač returns home he is happy to see Joe and Abby. News soon arrived that his father died in Croatia. While preparing to return to Croatia, Abby tells him that she has relapsed but does not tell him that she slept with another doctor while she was drunk and blacked out. While Abby seeks help for her alcoholism, Luka and Joe return to Croatia for his father's funeral. While Abby is in rehab, Luka briefly returns to Chicago to visit her, at which time he quit his job at County. Upon her release from rehab, Abby joins him, and tells him about her alcohol induced infidelity. They return to the US soon after, and Luka struggles with forgiving Abby’s mistakes. He tries to decide what to do about his marriage, ignoring Abby's remorse and attempts to work on their problems in a completely uncharacteristic way. Luka moves out of their home, though he does not seek legal separation or consider divorce. He takes a position as a doctor in a small hospice voicing a desire to do some good. There he meets an elderly man who teaches (or maybe reminds him of) some lessons about life and forgiveness, and in the Season 14 finale, Luka forgives Abby after first confronting Kevin Moretti. Luka tells Abby that he finally realized that marriage isn’t something static and concrete, it’s something you fight for and work on. As long as they love each other (using a metaphor about rowing a boat), they’ll be okay. He suggests to Abby that they leave Chicago, and they decide to go.

Paragraph 11: In 1915, Shawnee Hall housed faculty, staff, classrooms, library, an auditorium which doubled as a gymnasium, and the women's dormitory. Shawnee Hall did not house male students, as they were housed in two privately owned off-campus homes, known as "Hill Hall" (located half of a block south of the intersection of Kickapoo and MacArthur streets) and "Douglas Hall" (located on south University street where Bailey Business Center now stands). Shawnee Hall did not provide enough space for women's housing, therefore, in 1916 ground was broken on a new dormitory for women. The new residential unit was opened in 1917 and named Montgomery Hall, in honor of Dr. and Mrs. D.M. Montgomery, who provided significant financial support for the project. Montgomery Hall served as a dormitory, the fine arts center, the student center, and the location for administrative services. The original Montgomery Hall was located between Shawnee Hall and WMU Memorial Dormitory on the campus oval. The building was removed in 1989 due to structural concerns and a new Montgomery Hall was located on south University street west of the Bailey Business Center.  From 1919 to 1928, campus facilities consisted of three buildings, Shawnee Hall, Montgomery Hall, and the combination men's dormitory and gymnasium. In the mid 1920s under the leadership of Berta K. Spooner; Executive Secretary-Treasurer of the Oklahoma Women's Missionary Union, Baptist women of Oklahoma recognized the need for a new dormitory for women on Oklahoma Baptist University's campus. After a fundraising effort to procure sufficient financial support for the new dormitory, groundbreaking occurred in 1927 for the new facility. When WMU Memorial Dormitory opened in 1928, the building housed rooms for 200 female students, the university dining hall, parlors, assembly rooms, a recreation room, an infirmary, and a swimming pool. Due to the challenges of "The Great Depression" in the late 1920s to the 1930s, it would be another decade before another building was constructed on campus.

Paragraph 12: Melville himself took a while to adapt to Test cricket. He was out without scoring in the only innings of the first game, one of five ducks in an innings of 390. For the second match, he demoted himself from No 3 in the batting order to No 9 and scored 23 in his only innings. For the third match, he went in at No 8 and scored 5 not out and 10. Respite for Melville from this series of mediocre personal performances with a match for a Combined Transvaal XI against the MCC touring team immediately after the third Test defeat. Though he scored only 1 in the first innings, he resorted to opening the batting in the second innings and scored 107 "cutting, driving and hooking with effortless ease", Wisden reported. That led him to open the South African innings in the fourth Test and he and van der Bijl – his collision partner from Oxford in 1932 – put on an opening partnership of 108 before Melville was out for 67. Rain had spoiled the possibility of a South African victory in the fourth game, but the fifth match was due to be played to a finish, South Africa attempted to win through sheer weight of runs: the first innings lasted two-and-a-half days and totalled 530. Van der Bijl and Melville improved on their first-wicket stand in the first innings, scoring 131 before Melville was out for 78. After bowling England out for 316, Melville did not enforce the follow-on and the South Africans in their second innings scored 481; Melville himself had an injured thigh and this time came in at No 6 but scored 103, his first Test century. Despite the heavy scoring the match was left drawn after the 10th day when the England team, having scored 654 for five wickets in pursuit of a victory target of 696, were forced to leave the match as a draw to catch their ship home.

Paragraph 13: When the Moro Province announced the anti-slavery law in the last months of 1903, General Wood and Taft thought that the Maguindanao would continue to follow the lead of colonial progress. Instead, the declaration of abolition destroyed the political and economic system of indirect rule over the whole valley through Datu Piang in Cotabato. A Treaty had been made with the Sultan of Sulu while in Mindanao there were different sultans who claimed headships in their own districts, and one of them was Datu Ali, who waged a long and successful war with the Spaniards. A difficult problem for the Americans to establish civil government among hill tribes, Filipino settlements, and piratical Mohammedan groups each with fears and hate one another. Warfare over slavery began in March and April 1904, when Datu Ali, led his followers to battle in the northern half of the Pulangi River Valley, the sa-raya (Upper Valley) region that had supported the late Datu Uto's resistance against the Spaniards in 1899. Slave parties were active and tribes in Mindanao were raided and oppressed; there were violence and disorders everywhere.  The weak Sultan of Sulu - Jamalul Kiram is defeated by his feudal datus. The sultan of Maguindanao, Datu Mangigin fled from the cotabato valley, in fear of his rival Datu Ali and was a refugee in Dumankilas bay. Such condition cannot be ignored and it was felt that American authority must be exerted. Datu Piang, on the other hand used his political skill and control of long-distance trade through the Chinese merchants of Cotabato to bring the other major datus of the valley into an accommodation with the United States. Upon Datu Uto's declined in power, Datu Ali, the heir to the sultanate of Buayan, emerged as the dominant leader of the sa-raya region. He assembled the most powerful armed men expert in guerrilla warfare and constructed the largest and most heavily armed Kota in Mindanao in preparation for the American resistance.  The Governor of Cotabato District knew through his reliable intelligence that Mastura, son of the last sultan of Maguindanao and the sultan of Talakuku  and several allied datus including the important Datu Ampatuan  pledge that if they would have to give up their slaves, they  would rather fight and join Datu Ali. With Datu Ali's efforts to recruit support from the Lake Lanao Region, several thousand followers had congregated in Ali's Great Kota to revolt against the American. Datu Ali married Datu Piang's daughter, bonding their alliance in ties of kinships.  The ending of slave trade resulted in many heavy, long-drawn-out fights with the principal Moro Band of Mindanao.

Paragraph 14: Though not expected to make the rotation in 1979, Kison began the year as a starter after Reuss was traded. He had a 1–1 record and a 3.94 ERA in his first six games, but in the middle of May, he lost his rotation spot to Ed Whitson. Moving to the bullpen, he had an 0.84 ERA in six games. Then, on June 3, Don Robinson had trouble warming up, and Kison had to make a spot start against the Padres; the start would be one of the best of his career. He pitched a one-hitter against the Padres, losing his no-hit bid when San Diego's Barry Evans  doubled down the left field line with two out in the eighth. The Pirates won 7–0. After the game, Kison complained publicly about Charley Feeney and Dan Donovan's decision to give Evans a double; the incident led to the resignation of both Feeney and Donovan, and a new policy by Pittsburgh newspapers that their sportswriters would not serve as official scorers. He had another memorable game against San Diego on August 26, when he hit a grand slam against Bob Shirley in a 7–0 victory. From July 6 through the end of the year, he had a 9–3 record and a 2.93 ERA, finishing up with a 13–7 record and a 3.19 ERA. His most important start of the season came in the Pirates' last game of the year, a contest against the Cubs that had been scheduled because of an earlier tie against the New York Mets; the game was needed to determine whether the Pirates needed to play a tie-breaker against the Montreal Expos. Kison allowed one run over six innings, winning the game and the NL East pennant for the Pirates. "This is the most emotional situation I’ve ever been in, because we had to work so hard to get there,” Kison said about returning to the playoffs. “Other years we ran away with it, but not this year. And it’s even more meaningful because the last two years we played our hearts out and came up empty.”

Paragraph 15: After returning from Istanbul, Dmitrev settled in Odessa, where he taught at gymnasiums, and after October 1917, at Soviet schools. At the same time he was an instructor of Public Education in the Odessa okrug. In 1922, Alexander Dmitrievich moved to Kiev. There he worked as an instructor of the Water Transport Administration, lecturer in university training courses, and an instructor in Public Education. In 1929, Dmitrev became a researcher at the Byzantological Commission of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences. He prepared an annotated bibliography and developed a number of topics on the socio-economic history of Byzantium. At the same time, Dmitrev began literary anti-religious work in Moscow publishing houses. In 1929, the first printed work of Dmitrev was published, devoted to the question of the historicity of Christ. At this time, he wrote several deep works on anti-religious topics, based on a wide source base. In 1932, he moved to Moscow and became a researcher at the Moscow Regional Archival Administration and the Moscow Historical Library. A kind of tribute to the history of his native Ukraine was the publication of three brochures on the class struggle in Ukraine in the 17th to 18th centuries. In 1936, the People's Commissariat for Education sent Dmitrev to become an assistant professor at the Stalingrad Pedagogical Institute, where he was elected head of the department of the history of the ancient world and the Middle Ages. In this position, he worked until the evacuation of the institute in 1942. During the evacuation, Dmitrev lost all his property, including his personal library, about which he lamented until the end of his life. In evacuation,  he worked in Buguruslan as an assistant professor of the Department of Ancient History at the Teacher Institute. Here Dmitrev completed work on his Candidate of Sciences thesis and defended it in 1943 at the Leningrad State University, which at that time was evacuated to Saratov. In the same year, he transferred to work at the Saratov Pedagogical Institute, but the very next year the People's Commissariat of Education sent him to work in Nalchik at the Kabarda Pedagogical Institute. After working a year in Nalchik, in 1945, he moved to Rostov-on-Don, but again a year later in 1946 he was seconded to the University of Chernivtsi by the order of the Ministry of Higher Education as head of the department. In the 1940s, in the Journal of Ancient History, a whole series of his publications appeared on the social movements of bagaudae, bucolics, agonistici, etc. In the period from 1943 to 1950, Dmitrev worked on his doctoral dissertation on the topic «Social Movements in the Roman Empire in Connection with the Invasion of the Barbarians» (). On March 27, 1950 at the Academic Council of Leningrad State University, he defended his doctoral dissertation. Dmitrev knew, besides the ancient Greek and Latin languages, English, German and French, not to mention his native Ukrainian. Dmitrev actively participated in the preparation of the second edition of the Great Soviet Encyclopedia: he wrote more than a dozen articles on the history of Rome. In July 1951, Dmitrev moved to Rostov-on-Don and was elected head of the Department of General History of Rostov State University and became the first and at the same time the only professor at the university. In 1960, he was already seriously ill with cancer and therefore resigned as head of the department. Before his death, he was bedridden. Dmitrev is buried in the Brethren Cemetery.

Paragraph 16: Kang began his political career while Taiwan was still under martial law and is considered an early leader of the Tangwai movement. He ran Huang Hsin-chieh's 1969 legislative election campaign, and serving as an independent on the Taipei City Council before contesting a legislative seat himself in 1972, which he won. He ran on a social welfare platform and sought to increase the representation of native Taiwanese in the government. Kang was one of two independent candidates to receive formal warnings from the Kuomintang while campaigning. The KMT believed that Kang's positions were too critical of the government, and threatened to suspend his run for office. In his first national-level election, Kang won approximately 83,000 votes. Kang started the magazine Taiwan Political Forum (also known as the Taiwan Political Review) in August 1975. After five issues, the government banned the publication. Kang launched another periodical in March 1978 called The Eighties. Despite a moderate tone, it was also eventually shut down, returning as Asian Monthly. In 1980, he declared his candidacy for a third legislative term, winning nearly 80,000 votes. Kang ran for another term in the Legislative Yuan election of 1983, and due to the efforts of what became the New Tide faction, suffered a surprising defeat. Subsequently, he secured a visiting appointment at Columbia University in the United States. Shortly after co-founding the Democratic Progressive Party, Kang contested the 1986 Legislative Yuan elections as a representative for Taipei and finished second in the total vote count for the district, serving until 1990. In November 1988, Kang received government permission to establish the Capital Morning News. It began in May 1989 and ran until August 1990 when it was shuttered due to lack of funds. In October, he was named to the National Unification Council, but missed the first meeting, as the Democratic Progressive Party had at first chosen to boycott the group over concerns about its name. Kang had been active in a preceding committee, the National Affairs Conference. After a stint in the National Assembly, he was appointed to the Control Yuan in 1993, and as a result, Kang's DPP membership was suspended. While a member of the Control Yuan, Kang played a lead role investigating the murder of  and the related La Fayette-class frigate scandal. In 1998, Kang participated in the follow-up meetings taking place after the initial Wang–Koo summit in 1993. Throughout 2002, it was reported that Kang would assume a deputy ministerial position at the Ministry of National Defense, and he eventually took office on 31 May. After two months with the MND, Kang's DPP membership was restored. In October, Kang visited the Pentagon in his official capacity, becoming the first Taiwanese official to be received in Washington D.C. since the termination of official relations in 1979. Kang was named the head of the National Security Council in February 2003, and during his tenure adopted a direct management style designed to enhance transparency within the institution. In June, Kang tried to promote longtime aide Huang Tsai-tien to rear admiral. The proposal was blocked, as Huang did not fulfill the requirements for promotion. Soon after, media reports alleged that Kang's leadership caused many others at the agency to resign, a claim he rejected.  In August, another of Kang's hires was forced to resign, as she had been linked to entrepreneurship opportunities in China. Shortly after leaving the National Security Council, Kang was named a senior adviser to President Chen Shui-bian. By 2006, he had left that position.

Paragraph 17: Super Punch-Out!! was released in North America October 1994 and in Europe on . It was rereleased in North America in 1996, and it was released in Japan as part of the Nintendo Power service on March 1, 1998, which allowed users to download the game unto a rewriteable flash RAM cartridge via a kiosk. In addition, Electronic Arts included the game as an unlockable bonus item along with its protagonist as an unlockable boxer in the GameCube version of Fight Night Round 2 as part of Nintendo's deal of featuring Nintendo characters in the GameCube versions of some EA Sports titles. The game was later released for the Wii's Virtual Console service in Europe and Australia on , in North America on  and in Japan on . Super Punch-Out!! is the fourth game in the Punch-Out!! series and was developed by Nintendo Integrated Research and Development and was produced by Minoru Arakawa, Genyo Takeda and Makoto Wada. Voice actor Charles Martinet was credited for providing the voices of the boxers, the referee and the announcer. Nintendo IRD was developing this game simultaneously with Zoda's Revenge: StarTropics II. The game is the closest arcade-to-home console translation of the Punch-Out!! and Super Punch-Out!! arcades; however, like the NES titles, the Super NES title is not a direct port. Shortly before the game was finished and released, some screenshots and video footage of the prototype were shown in a video preview of the game, as well as in an issue of Nintendo Power magazine and two official television commercials, which all showed the protagonist of the game with a different look as well as the announcer having a different voice compared to the ones in the final version seen in the finished and released version. The game had a marketing budget of $3.5 million.

Paragraph 18: Selected filmographySelf Made Lady (1932) – Paul GenesteChelsea Life (1933) – David FennerThe Thirteenth Candle (1933) – Paul MarriottThe Man Outside (1933) – Frank ElfordSorrell and Son (1933) – DuncanI'll Stick to You (1933) – Ronnie MatthewsA Feather in Her Hat (1935) – Jack KerryThe Love Test (1935) – John GreggThe Flame Within (1935) – Richard OrlandAbsolute Quiet (1936) – Gregory BengardTrouble for Two (1936) – Young Man With Cream TartsAnthony Adverse (1936) – Denis MooreThe Luckiest Girl in the World (1936) – Anthony McClellanThe Woman I Love (1937) – Lt. Jean HerbillionMidnight Intruder (1938) – Barry GilbertCondemned Women (1938) – Dr. Philip DuncanThe Saint in New York (1938) – Simon Templar, aka The SaintThe Rage of Paris (1938) – Bill DuncanThe Duke of West Point (1938) – Steven EarleyThe Man in the Iron Mask (1939) – Louis XIV / Philippe of GasconyMy Son, My Son! (1940) – Oliver EssexDance, Girl, Dance (1940) – Jimmy HarrisThe Son of Monte Cristo (1940) – Edmund Dantes Jr.Ladies in Retirement (1941) – Albert FeatherAnd Then There Were None (1945) – Philip LombardYoung Widow (1946) – Lt. Jim CameronThe Strange Woman (1946) – Ephraim PosterThe Return of Monte Cristo (1946) –Edmond DantesRepeat Performance (1947) – Barney PageThe Black Arrow (1948) – Sir Richard SheltonRuthless (1948) – Vic LambdinWalk a Crooked Mile (1948) – Philip 'Scotty' GraysonThe Pirates of Capri (1949) – Count Amalfi, alias Captain SiroccoHouse by the River (1950) – Stephen ByrneFortunes of Captain Blood (1950) – Captain Peter BloodDick Turpin's Ride (1951) – Dick TurpinThe Son of Dr. Jekyll (1951) – Edward Jekyll / Dr. Henry Jekyll / Mr. HydeLady in the Iron Mask (1952) – D'ArtagnanCaptain Blood, Fugitive / Captain Pirate (1952) – Capt. Peter BloodThe Royal African Rifles (1953) – DenhamThe Saint's Return (1953) – Simon Templar aka The SaintDuffy of San Quentin (1954) – Edward 'Romeo' HarperThe Search for Bridey Murphy (1956) – Morey BernsteinChuka (1967) – Major BensonThe Christmas Kid (1967) – Mike CulliganThe Phynx (1970) – Louis HaywardTerror in the Wax Museum'' (1973) – Tim Fowley

Paragraph 19: Laura's son Bobby (Kevin Curran) requires a blood transfusion shortly after his birth, making Laura realise that Ian must be his father, as her lover Garry Hobbs (Ricky Groves) is not a match. Laura dies in 2004, breaking her neck after falling down the stairs. Ian takes custody of Bobby and also takes in his half-brother Ben Mitchell, following the death of their mother. Ian fights Ben's father Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) for custody, worsening their long-standing enmity which stems from Phil's disastrous marriage to Ian's mother Kathy. Ian meets a new romantic interest, Jane Collins (Laurie Brett), in 2004. He helps her to come to terms with the death of her husband, David Collins (Dan Milne) from Huntington's disease, and, although their relationship is severely tested when Jane has a brief affair with Phil's brother, Grant Mitchell (Ross Kemp), they marry in July 2007. Steven returns to Walford and stalks Ian, escalating to holding him hostage for several weeks. He accidentally shoots Jane during an altercation, which results in her needing a hysterectomy. Ian forgives Steven but banishes him from his life when he helps Lucy run away. Ian and Jane temporarily separate over Ian's reluctance to adopt a child. When Lucy falls pregnant, she suggests that Jane raise the baby as her own. Jane and Ian agree but he secretly helps Lucy to have an abortion, lying to Jane that she miscarried. Jane later learns the truth and decides to steal Ian's money and leave him. Ian arranges for her to adopt Bobby, and is devastated to discover Jane's plans. Although she decides to remain with him, Ian begins an affair with Glenda Mitchell (Glynis Barber), who later blackmails Ian, forcing him to confess the adultery to Jane. A disgusted Peter leaves Walford and joins Lucy in Devon. Jane and Ian divorce but continue to live together; however, their acrimony upsets Bobby and Jane leaves Walford in May 2011 as a result. Ian attempts to move on by filling an urn with cigarette ash, pretending that he is a widower and that the ashes are Jane in order to gain attention from women. However, his ruse is soon uncovered.

Paragraph 20: Mercer had another fine year in 1974 and the season really started with an Ascot 3yo maiden double on Pop Song and Gaily; the latter fulfilling the promise of her good runs as a 2yo. (She later went on to win the Irish 1000 Guineas (but ridden by Ron Hutchinson) and was then 3rd in the Irish Oaks when Mercer ridden).  Newbury's Spring meeting saw Mercer picking up three winners, including a useful win on Tom Egerton's Final Chord, who went on to complete a hat-trick of wins at Chepstow and Royal Ascot (Britannia Stakes). In addition Appleby Fair, the stable's Derby hope, finished a good second in the Greenham Stakes. This was soon followed by the highly promising victory of the maiden Bustino in the Sandown Classic Trial. The 1,000 Guineas Stakes saw Mercer achieve every jockey's ambition when winning a classic for the reigning monarch. He rode the archetypal Mercer race hitting the front at the distance and trusting the speed, class or momentum of the horse kept him there. In this instance the horse was the Queen's own bred filly Highclere. Not particularly fancied she had form very near the best when placed as a 2yo. On her 2yo debut she had gone down narrowly to Polygamy. A few weeks later she was second again, this time to Celestial Dawn after getting a little lost in the early part of the race. Significantly in that race, receiving 4 pounds, she turned the tables on Polygamy and beat her by 2 lengths. She did win her third race, a maiden at Newbury, but made such hard work of it that by the time of her lining up for 1000 she was relatively forgotten. Mercer came with his well-timed run and led going into the dip. Highclere's main pursuer, and old adversary, Polygamy was baulked in her run and struggled up the hill to catch Highclere. Fifty yards out Polygamy looked the likely winner but Mercer kept Highclere going to the line and the two fillies flashed by the post together. After some delay Highclere was named the short-head winner. Peter Willett in his biography of Dick Hern quotes the Bloodstock Breeders Review of that year:- "A dead heat might have done more justice to this epic struggle, but nothing could detract from Highclere's superb rugged performance, from Mercer's immaculate jockeyship, or from Dick Hern's magnificent training technique." Six weeks later Mercer won his second classic on her when she won the Prix de Diane at Chantilly from a top class field of fillies. Highclere didn't win again but she did run a fine race against Dahlia when second in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.

Paragraph 21: Tenace became a coach after retiring as a player. He was touted as a possible managerial candidate during his later years. The Pittsburgh Pirates became strongly interested in the possibility of hiring Tenace as their manager to replace Chuck Tanner. When the year ended, however, Tanner was still the manager, so Tenace became a coach at the Major League level with the Houston Astros in 1986 and 1987, and later coached with the Toronto Blue Jays from 1990 to 1997. When manager Cito Gaston was sidelined with a herniated disc in 1991, Tenace served as the team's interim manager, going 19–14 and keeping Toronto competitive en route to an eventual American League Eastern Division title. He was part of Toronto's World Series-winning teams in 1992 and 1993, giving him six rings in six World Series appearances as a player and a coach. After he left the Jays, he joined the Boston Red Sox organization, serving as hitting coach for their Triple-A affiliate Pawtucket Red Sox in 1999, and Double-A affiliate Trenton Thunder in 2001. He then served as a hitting instructor for the St. Louis Cardinals organization. He was re-hired as the Blue Jays' hitting coach on June 20, 2008, when Cito Gaston replaced John Gibbons as the team's manager. Tenace replaced hitting coach Gary Denbo. He was one of two members of Gaston's old coaching staff from his last World Series championship team who were brought back to the team (third base coach Nick Leyva being the other). He announced his retirement following the 2009 season.

Paragraph 22: Looking to tie the series, Bobby Cox started Greg Maddux on short rest.  For two innings, the move appeared to work. The Braves struck first off of Diamondback starter Albie Lopez when Marcus Giles walked to lead off the first and scored on RBI double by Chipper Jones. Next inning, a lead off homer by Andruw Jones made it 2–0 Braves.  However, the wheels came off for Atlanta in the third when two errors, a single, and fielder's choice allowed Arizona to load the bases with two outs. Steve Finley's single scored two with Finley going to second on another error, then Matt Williams and Mark Grace hit back-to-back RBI singles to put Arizona up 4–2. Manager Bob Brenly went for the jugular in the fourth, pinch hitting David Dellucci for Lopez to lead off the inning.  Dellucci singled, then Tony Womack singled before Craig Counsell hit a two-run double to left to make it 6–2.  Brian Anderson, who picked up the win, pitched . The Braves scored in the seventh off of Mike Morgan on Brian Jordan's RBI single with the run charged to Anderson, but in the eighth, Arizona got the run back off of Steve Karsay when Womack singled with one out and scored on Counsell's double. The Braves loaded the bases in the bottom half on three straight leadoff singles off of Jason Marquis, but Byung-Hyun Kim in relief allowed just one run on Javy López's double play. In the ninth, Jason Marquis struck out the first two men he faced, but a walk and error was followed by Counsell's RBI single. Luis Gonzalez's three-run homer broke the game open at 11–4 Arizona, all four runs unearned. Kim pitched a perfect bottom of the ninth as the win put Arizona firmly in control of the series, ahead three games to one with a rested Randy Johnson set to pitch.

Paragraph 23: According to Robert Vane Russell, many gotras of Hindu religion are of totemic origin which is named after plants, animals, and natural objects. These are universal among tribes but occur also in Hindu castes. The commonest totem names are those of animals, including several which are held sacred by Hindus, as bagh or Nahar, the tiger; bachhas, the calf; murkuria, the peacock; kachhua, the tortoise; nagas, the cobra; hathi, the elephant; bhains, the buffalo; richaria, the bear; Kuliha, the Jackal, Kukura, the dog; kursaal, the deer; Hiran, the black-buck and so on. The utmost variety of names is found, and numerous trees, as well as rice and other crops, salt, sandalwood, cucumber, pepper, and some household implements such as pestle, rolling slab, serve as the names of clans. Thus the name of the rishi Bharadvaja means a lark bird, and Kaushika means descended from Kusha grass, Agastya from Agassi flower, Kashyapa from kachhap a tortoise, Taittiri from titer, partridge bird. Similarly, the origin of other rishis is attributed to animals, Rishyasringa to an antelope, Mandavya to a frog, Kanada to an owl. The usual characteristic of totemism is that the members of a clan regard themselves as related to or descended from, the animals or trees from which the clan takes its name, and abstain from killing or eating them.

Paragraph 24: The battalion, ”Pino Budicin” was named after the communist activist, and Yugoslav Popular Hero,  nicknamed Pino; born on April 27, 1911 in Rovigno d’Istra, a small city on the Istrian coast then under Austria-Hungary, passed at the end of World War I under the Italian sovereignty. At the age of 21, Pino Budicin then a barber, was drafted into the Italian Armed Forces, and served in the Italian Royal Navy at the naval base of La Spezia from 1931 to 1933; it was during this period that his communist activity was noted by the military authority. At the end of his military obligation Pino BUDICIN went back to his native city. Between 1933 and 1943, he was arrested many times for his activity within the Italian Communist Party. Released in August 1943 from the Castelfranco Emilia prison, where he had been confined after the last arrest, he returned to his native city, where he immediately resumed his clandestine activity, organizing communist cells in town and in the surrounding area. On September 8, 1943 after the Italian Radio had broadcast the term of the Armistice between Italy and the allied forces, he quickly acted addressing locals in the city's main square, and organizing the uprising in Rovigno. When the German army retook the city, few weeks later, he moved out of town, and together with his comrades, actively joined the partisans. Slightly wounded after a small engagement he was captured on February 7, 1944 around “Santa Brigida” with another partisan, Augusto FERRI, a former Italian Army Commissioned Officer, also known as the, ”Bolognese”, and together with him executed by the firing squad, the day after at the Valdibora Harbor in Rovigno. As he was going to be shot, Budicin defiantly, shouted to the firing squad, ”out of every drop of my blood, hundred partisans!”. After the war the local authorities erected a bust on his memory naming Pino BUDICIN on September 26, 1973 a, ”Popular Hero”. At the time of his death, Pino BUDICIN was the Secretary of the Communist Party in the Rovigno area, and the local representative to the  National Anti-Fascist Council of the People's Liberation of Croatia or ZAVNOH.Augusto Ferri was born in Bologna, Italy, in 1914. A militant communist from his youth, during Fascism he was arrested and  served  few years of confinement for political crimes. As WW2 broke out he was reactivated into the Royal Italian Army, and took part in the occupation of Yugoslavia in 1941. During his service with the Italian Army he secretly collaborated with the Yugoslav partisans. In January 1943 he deserted the army and joined the Communist Resistance, who sent him to Rovinj, and from autumn 1943 he actively cooperated with Budicin in organizing the local clandestine Communist Party. However, in his 1995 autobiography, “ Nemico del Popolo” (A People's Enemy) Antonio Budicin, Pino's brother, gives another account regarding the arrest of Pino Budicin and Augusto  Ferri, affirming that they were betrayed by a Croat communist, when with a ruse they were sent back to the spot of a previous engagement with the local Fascist militia. When the two arrived there they found the Fascist militia, recovering the bodies of their fallen comrades, and were arrested.

Paragraph 25: The main exploration started officially when a cooperative contract signed on September 17, 2005, with Mobil Cepu Ltd., a subsidiary of ExxonMobil as main operator. A joint operation agreement between state oil company Pertamina was signed in March 2006. Pertamina and ExxonMobil concluded a 30-year production-sharing contract in which each company would share 45 percent interest in the block. The remaining 10 percent would go to the local governments. Foreign companies, mainly from China, have started to invest in Bojonegoro in various projects related with the planned exploration and exploitation of the Cepu Block oil fields with total value of US$8 million. According to the former minister and ambassador to the United States, Dorodjatun Kuntjoro-Jakti, Tuban and Bojonegoro would resemble Texas, because of its gas and oil resources.

Paragraph 26: The Medical Research Council (UK) held a closed meeting among top UK medical doctors and representatives from the pharmaceutical industry between the dates of 30 October 1980 and 3 April 1981. The meeting was classified under the Public Records Act 1958 until 2014 but became available in 2005 as a result of the Freedom of Information Act. The meeting was called due to concerns that 10–100,000 people could be dependent; meeting chairman Professor Malcolm Lader later revised this estimate to include approximately half a million members of the British public suspected of being dependent on therapeutic dose levels of benzodiazepines, with about half of those on long-term benzodiazepines. It was reported that benzodiazepines may be the third- or fourth-largest drug problem in the UK (the largest being alcohol and tobacco). The Chairman of the meeting followed up after the meeting with additional information, which was forwarded to the Medical Research Council neuroscience board, raising concerns regarding tests that showed definite cortical atrophy in 2 of 14 individuals tested and borderline abnormality in five others. He felt that, due to the methodology used in assessing the scans, the abnormalities were likely an underestimate, and more refined techniques would be more accurate. Also discussed were findings that tolerance to benzodiazepines can be demonstrated by injecting diazepam into long-term users; in normal subjects, increases in growth hormone occurs, whereas in benzodiazepine-tolerant individuals this effect is blunted. Also raised were findings in animal studies that showed the development of tolerance in the form of a 15 percent reduction in binding capacity of benzodiazepines after seven days administration of high doses of the partial agonist benzodiazepine drug flurazepam and a 50 percent reduction in binding capacity after 30 days of a low dose of diazepam. The Chairman was concerned that papers soon to be published would "stir the whole matter up" and wanted to be able to say that the Medical Research Council "had matters under consideration if questions were asked in parliament". The Chairman felt that it "was very important, politically that the MRC should be 'one step ahead'" and recommended epidemiological studies be funded and carried out by Roche Pharmaceuticals and MRC sponsored research conducted into the biochemical effects of long-term use of benzodiazepines. The meeting aimed to identify issues that were likely to arise, alert the Department of Health to the scale of the problem and identify the pharmacology and nature of benzodiazepine dependence and the volume of benzodiazepines being prescribed. The World Health Organization was also interested in the problem and it was felt the meeting would demonstrate to the WHO that the MRC was taking the issue seriously. Among the psychological effects of long-term use of benzodiazepines discussed was a reduced ability to cope with stress. The Chairman stated that the "withdrawal symptoms from valium were much worse than many other drugs including, e.g., heroin". It was stated that the likelihood of withdrawing from benzodiazepines was "reduced enormously" if benzodiazepines were prescribed for longer than four months. It was concluded that benzodiazepines are often prescribed inappropriately, for a wide range of conditions and situations. Dr Mason (DHSS) and Dr Moir (SHHD) felt that, due to the large numbers of people using benzodiazepines for long periods of time, it was important to determine the effectiveness and toxicity of benzodiazepines before deciding what regulatory action to take.

Paragraph 27: Hildegard Maria Helene Ochse (maiden name Römer) was born at home in Bad Salzuflen, Westphalia on December 7, 1935,  the daughter of Dr. phil. Emma Maria Römer-Krusemeyer (1894–1964) and Arthur Peter Maria Römer (1893–1957). At age sixteen in the summer of 1952, Hildegard left in the summer the provincial Bad Salzuflen. She traveled as an exchange student on scholarship to Rochester. Once in Rochester, she lived with a host family and attended the Catholic Nazareth Academy. Her host father was employed by Eastman Kodak as a senior chemist in the development department and his knowledge of photography became an important influence for Hildegard. In the US, she produced her first portraits as well as remarkable street and architectural photographs. After a year in 1953, Hildegard returned to Bad Salzuflen with her high school diploma. In 1955 she passed her German high exams with honors and began studying romance languages and art history at the University of Freiburg in Breisgau with Dr. Hugo Friedrich (1904–1978) and Dr. Kurt Bauch (1897–1975), whose areas of research were among others Dutch painting and Rembrandt. During her studies, she met her future husband Horst Ochse (1927–2014) at the university in Freiburg. In 1957 she received a scholarship to Aix-en-Provence in southern France and lived with a photographer in modest conditions. She was impressed by the landscape and the colors in Provence and wrote »... if I were a painter, I think I could not paint this country because it is too BEAUTIFUL. And the eye cannot take in these colors and these forms at once. If painting a landscape, then northern Germany, the marshes, the fields...«. In the same year, she became pregnant in the fall, and her father unexpectedly died on her birthday. In March her marriage to the later Dr. phil. Horst Ochse followed. In summer, she gave birth to her first child and had to quit studying. In the following seven years, Hildegard had three other children who required her full attention. In the spring of 1973, the family moved to West Berlin for professional reasons. After an extended stay in France with the family in 1975, their marriage began to fail later leading to a final separation. Almost simultaneously in early 1975, Hildegard again discovered her passion for photography. At first she taught herself. Subsequently, she learned through the Werkstatt für Photographie (Workshop for Photography), in photography courses of the continuing education center in Zehlendorf in 1976, and later in the legendary photography workshop of Michael Schmidt (1945–2014) in Berlin-Kreuzberg.

Paragraph 28: The story reveals that once every few decades when the moon is full on the night of Halloween, the fabric of reality thins and doors may be opened between this world and the realm of the Great Old Ones. When these conditions are right, men and women with occult knowledge may gather at a specific ritual site to hold the doors closed, or to help fling them open. Should the Closers win, then the world will remain as it is until the next turning, but should the Openers succeed, then the Great Old Ones will come to Earth, to remake the world in their own image, enslaving or slaughtering the human race in the process. The Openers have never yet won. These meetings are often referred to as "The Game" or "The Great Game" by the participants, who try to keep the goings-on secret from the mundane population.

Paragraph 29: Many of the earlier guard units did not survive the reign of Alexios I; the scholai, Immortals (athanatoi), and exkoubitoi are not mentioned in the reigns of his immediate successors. The notable exceptions to this process being the Varangians and vestiaritai, and probably the archontopouloi. The hetaireia (literally "companions"), commanded by the megas hetaireiarchēs, is still mentioned, though it was always more a collection of individual units under an administrative title than a single regiment. In this period, the Varangian Guard consisted of Englishmen, Russians, and Scandinavians, totalling 5,000 men. Immediately after the Battle of Dyrrachion, Alexios I recruited 2,000 men to form the tagma of the archontopouloi. The Vardariots, a cavalry unit initially recruited from the Christianized Magyars of the Vardar valley, were a later addition to the guard and were probably raised by John II. They were commanded by an officer with the rank of primmikērios. Of increasing importance during the family-centric Komnenian period were the men known as oikeioi (, "those of the household"); when mobilized for war the oikeioi were the equivalent of the household knights of western kings and would have served as kataphraktoi. These household troops would have included the emperor's personal retinue, his relatives and close associates, also accompanied by their immediate retinues, and the young aristocrats attached to the court; plus they probably also included the vestiaritai guards. The oikeioi would have been equipped with the finest arms and armour and mounted on the highest quality war-horses available.  Although not an entirely formal regiment the "household" (oikos) would have been a formidable fighting force, however, it would have been available only when the emperor took the field in person. Officers of the vestiaritai were given the lofty court title of sebastos and two of their number, Andronikos Lampardas and Alexios Petraliphas, were prominent generals. Under Alexios I, and probably subsequently, the imperial oikos also served as a sort of "staff college" for training promising young officers. Alexios took 300 young officers into his household, whom he trained personally.  In the campaign against Bohemond I of Antioch in 1107–1108 the best of these officers commanded the blockading forces keeping the Norman army pent up on the Albanian coast. The victorious outcome of this campaign probably resulted, in part, from the increased discipline the Byzantine forces showed due to the quality of their commanders.

Paragraph 30: The ligand GABA is the endogenous compound that causes this receptor to open; once bound to GABA, the protein receptor changes conformation within the membrane, opening the pore in order to allow chloride anions (Cl−) and, to a lesser extent, bicarbonate ions (HCO3−) to pass down their electrochemical gradient. The binding site to GABA is about 80Å away from the narrowest part of the ion channel. Recent computational studies have suggested an allosteric mechanism whereby GABA binding leads to ion channel opening. Because the reversal potential for chloride in most mature neurons is close to or more negative than the resting membrane potential, activation of GABAA receptors tends to stabilize or hyperpolarise the resting potential, and can make it more difficult for excitatory neurotransmitters to depolarize the neuron and generate an action potential. The net effect therefore typically inhibitory, reducing the activity of the neuron, although depolarizing currents have been observed in response to GABA in immature neurons in early development. This effect during development is due to a modified Cl− gradient wherein the anions leave the cells through the GABAA receptors, since their intracellular chlorine concentration is higher than the extracellular. The difference in extracellular chlorine anion concentration is presumed to be due to the higher activity of chloride transporters, such as NKCC1, transporting chloride into cells which are present early in development, whereas, for instance, KCC2 transports chloride out cells and is the dominant factor in establishing the chloride gradient later in development. These depolarization events have shown to be key in neuronal development. In the mature neuron, the GABAA channel opens quickly and thus contributes to the early part of the inhibitory post-synaptic potential (IPSP).