Paragraph 1: There is a man by the same name mentioned in Aristotle's Politics who overthrew the democracy at Cyme, but nothing is known of this event, nor can it be said with any degree of certainty that they are the same man. Aristotle mentions a Thrasymachus again in his Sophistical Refutations, where he credits him with a pivotal role in the development of rhetorical theory. Quoting the W. A. Pickard-Cambridge text: "For it may be that in everything, as the saying is 'the first start is the main part'... This is in fact what has happened in regard to rhetorical speeches and to practically all the other arts: for those who discovered the beginnings of them advanced them in all only a little way, whereas the celebrities of to-day are the heirs (so to speak) of a long succession of men who have advanced them bit by bit, and so have developed them to their present form, Tisias coming next after the first founders, then Thrasymachus after Tisias, and Theodorus next to him, while several people have made their several contributions to it: and therefore it is not to be wondered at that the art has attained considerable dimensions." Dillon and Gergel are cautious not to read this as stating that this makes Thrasymachus a student of Tisias, just as it does not make Theodorus a student of Thrasymachus.

Paragraph 2: 2006 – A  HD Daktronics LED scoreboard, nicknamed "Godzillatron", located in the south end zone, was installed as the centerpiece of $8 million worth of audio/visual improvements. At the time of its creation, it was called the largest HD video screen in the world, though it was quickly surpassed by a larger screen in Tokyo. The six large flag poles that previously displayed the Six Flags Over Texas were replaced by smaller flags located atop the new screen. The sound system was also updated and smaller video boards were installed on the east and west sides of the stadium. 432 club seats were added to the west side and approximately 4,000 bleacher seats were added behind the south end zone expanding official seating capacity to 85,123. Previously, two scoreboards were in place, one in the south end, the Freddie Steinmark Memorial Scoreboard and Jumbotron, and one in the north end, a video matrix screen. Both were removed after the 2005 season. The new scoreboard replaced the one in the south end.  The north end no longer features a scoreboard as it was removed for the 2008 stadium expansion, the giant Longhorn symbol at the very top was sold on eBay. On November 8, 2015, the UT Longhorns rededicated the scoreboard to Freddie Steinmark in a ceremony attended by many previous Longhorn players.

Paragraph 3: Slide to Plays Tyler Feasel criticized the arena-based gameplay, and argued that a standard campaign mode would have been preferable. He was especially critical of the energy system, saying: "To wait 30 minutes to "earn" a few minutes of gameplay is deflating and leaves the experience with a sour taste." He concluded that "The Drowning doesn't feature a solid story or nuanced gameplay, but its solid arcade-shooting mixed with a nice amount of unlocks helps deliver a positive gameplay experience. Unfortunately this fun is crippled by an unbalanced timer system that limits game time in favor of an in-app purchase." MacLifes Chris Pereira said: "While certainly enjoyable at times, The Drownings free-to-play implementation hampers the game to an inexcusable degree." Chris Carter of Destructoid was critical of the control system, writing, "the overly-simplistic layout does not work." However, his strongest criticisms were in relation to the IAP system, writing, "in the hands of another developer, The Drowning would have been something special. Without the energy mechanic and constant drip-fed weapon and item parts, I could easily see myself destroying an entire afternoon blasting apart zombies." Eurogamers Dan Whitehead was even more critical. He called the control system "a clumsy and unnatural way to play an FPS." He was also heavily critical of the IAP system's integration into the core gameplay, saying: "This is a game that cannot wait to start asking you to pay, and has at least four interlocked currencies designed to make you feel like you should. To assume that sort of aggressive monetisation isn't a factor in the game's obstructive, uphill design, which ekes out progress to non-paying players painfully slowly, is to be willfully blind to how this sort of thing works." He concluded that The Drowning "is a transaction machine first, a headline-grabbing control scheme second and an actual game a distant third." Pocket Gamers Peter Willington was equally critical, writing, "First-person shooters today are far more complex than The Drowning ever attempts to be. [...] Playing The Drowning is like travelling back in time to the Quake era - walk about a level and shoot everything until you win." He called the game "a failed experiment," writing: "The game ultimately fails at reinventing first-person shooter controls [...] fails at opening up the first-person shooter to the freemium model [...] fails at being a decent first-person shooter [...] It suffers from a paucity of enemy types, locations that barely change the way you play, minimal peripheral awareness, and some of the most rote shooting available on a touchscreen device."

Paragraph 4: As European Windstorm Dudley moved across Europe, it produced a significant outbreak of 24 tornadoes, 23 of which occurred in central Poland. More than half of the tornadoes were strong, producing F2 damage, and all were produced by embedded circulations and mesovortices within a squall line. The first tornado of the day was rated high-end F1 and hit the village of Casekow in eastern Germany, snapping trees, destroying horse stables, and causing substantial roof damage to several residences in town. Some large farmhouses sustained considerable damage outside of Casekow as well. In Poland, an F1 tornado damaged trees, roofs, and outbuildings in Skwierzyna. Pieces of wood were speared into the exterior wall of one structure in the village as well. An F2 tornado passed near Sucharzewo, causing significant damage to brick homes and outbuildings, including a brick cow shed that collapsed, killing a bull. Swaths of trees were mowed down in rural areas near Sucharzewo, and some debarking occurred. In Krzykosy, an unrated tornado downed trees and power lines, and damaged the roofs of several residences, including one that was completely unroofed. An F2 tornado struck Młodzikowice and another impacted Grzywna Szlachecka, largely destroying several masonry outbuildings, snapping many trees, damaging vehicles, and causing roof and window damage to homes in and around both villages. A church and some homes in the Stara Ciświca area had roofing torn off as a result of an F2 tornado, and major tree and outbuilding damage occurred as well. A duck farm near the village was significantly damaged, and several ducks were killed at that location. A tornado of unknown intensity downed trees in the town of Turek, and an F1 tornado tore the sheet metal roof off a house near Żurawin. Four other F1 tornadoes also caused considerable tree and structural damage in and around the small villages and towns of Łaski, Łęka, Lipicze Górne, and Aleksandria. To the northeast of Kalisz, an F2 tornado inflicted severe roof damage to homes, destroyed outbuildings, damaged a soccer field, and scattered debris across fields and passed through or near multiple villages. Another strong F2 tornado struck Dobrzyca, where multiple homes had their roofs and second-floor exterior walls ripped off, and streets were littered with debris. Power lines were downed, and large trees were snapped in a wooded area as well. Yet another F2 tornado caused heavy damage to buildings in Lgów, scattering debris throughout the small community. Homes had their roofs torn off, outbuildings were destroyed, debris was strewn across fields, cars were damaged, and numerous trees were snapped in a forest. 

Paragraph 5: Joyo.com was founded by Lei Jun, Chinese entrepreneur and owner of Kingsoft, in May 2000. Kingsoft decided to make Joyo.com into an online bookstore in 1999. Joyo.com was originally a site offering programs for downloading onto desktop computers. It later became an online bookstore and was the second online retailer of books in China after DangDang. They continued to expand their inventory and was in 2003 considered to be one of the largest online retailers of media goods worldwide. Lenovo Group Ltd and Kingsoft Corp were shareholders of Joyo.com until Tiger Technology Management LLC entered the corporation by investing $52 million for about 20% of Joyo, making it the third largest stakeholder. Joyo.com primarily merchandised goods such as books, music and videos to consumer nationwide. In 2004 Joyo.com was acquired by the American multinational technology company Amazon.com Inc. The company was rebranded and renamed in October 2011 to Amazon China. Amazon made many changes to Joyo, like redesigning the website by adding categories and self-service features, as well as implementing new payment methods. Amazon also changed the webpage URL to http://z.cn, but continued to be hosted at www.amazon.cn. Amazon China sold foreign fashion brands, home interior, toys, personal care and technology to their Chinese customers. Amazon was planning on establishing operations in Shanghai's free trade zone.

Paragraph 6: Kulik began skating at the age of five. In November 1994, he won the 1995 World Junior title and then, a few months later, the 1995 European title, at the age of 17. He was ninth at his first senior World Championships. The next season, he won silver at the 1996 World Championships. During the 1997-98 season, Kulik won gold at the 1997 NHK Trophy and silver at the 1997 Skate Canada International to qualify for the Champion Series Final (now known as the Grand Prix Final) where he won the gold medal. He also won the Russian national title but missed the 1998 European Championships as a result of back problems. At the 1998 Olympics, Kulik placed first in both the short and long programs and won the Olympic title at the age of 20 years and 267 days, became one of the youngest male figure skating Olympic champions.

Paragraph 7: Heydon was born in Ottawa, Canada, to Muriel Naomi (née Slater) and Peter Richard Heydon (later Sir Peter). His father, a diplomat and public servant from Sydney, met his mother (a Canadian) while both were on the staff of Richard Casey, the Australian Ambassador to the United States. Heydon was raised in Sydney, attending the Shore School, before going on to receive a BA in history (with the University Medal) from the University of Sydney, where he was a resident of St. Paul's College. He was then awarded a Rhodes Scholarship to attend University College, Oxford, where he received an MA and a BCL and was awarded the Vinerian Scholarship.

Paragraph 8: Howard Eliot Wolpe (November 3, 1939 – October 25, 2011) was an American politician who served as a seven-term U.S. Representative from Michigan and Presidential Special Envoy to the African Great Lakes Region in the Clinton Administration, where he led the United States delegation to the Arusha and Lusaka peace talks, which aimed to end civil wars in Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He returned to the State Department as Special Advisor to the Secretary for Africa's Great Lakes Region. Previously, he served as Director of the Africa Program at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, and of the Center's Project on Leadership and Building State Capacity. While at the Center, Wolpe directed post-conflict leadership training programs in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Liberia.

Paragraph 9: At the beginning of the play, Hester is dragging a dead black swan across the snow and ice at the Bog of Cats. The Ghost Fancier has come to collect her but realizes that he is early as Hester is still alive. The Ghost Fancier exits and says that he will return at a later time. Hester’s neighbour, Monica, enters and attempts to convince Hester to accept the impending marriage between Hester’s former lover, Carthage, and his much younger bride, Caroline Cassidy. Upon this marriage, Carthage will inherit Cassidy’s father’s farm. While digging a grave for the swan, Hester talks with the Catwoman about how her mother, Josie Swane, left her in the swan’s lair as an infant and claimed: “that child…will live as long as this black swan, not a day more, not a day less." During this conversation, the audience learns that Hester has been waiting on the Bog of Cats for her mother, Josie, since she was abandoned at age 7. The Catwoman urges Hester not to wait any longer for her mother, but Hester refuses to leave the Bog. In the next scene, Hester and Carthage's 7-year-old daughter Josie plays cards and discusses Carthage's upcoming wedding with her grandmother, Mrs Kilbride. Mrs Kilbride cheats her granddaughter at cards and talks disparagingly of Hester because of Hester's lack of fortune and inferior “tinker” blood. Meanwhile, Caroline Cassidy visits Hester in her wedding dress and attempts to convince Hester to allow her to marry Carthage without disruption and to leave the house on the bog, which Hester has previously signed over to Carthage. Hester scorns Caroline and reminds her that Hester was once her babysitter. Hester challenges Caroline about Carthage and claims: “Carthage Kilbride is mine and only mine. He’s been mine since he was sixteen. You think ya can take him from me? Wrong. All wrong. Now get out of me sight." Following Caroline's visit, Carthage also visits Hester in his wedding clothes and also attempts to convince her to leave the house. Hester reminds him that it was with her money that he bought his first land and accuses him of “sellin’ me and Josie down the river for a few lumpy auld acres and notions of respectability." Xavier Cassidy, Caroline’s father, also visits Hester to urge her to leave. Hester refuses to listen to any of the visitors and insists that she is staying on the Bog of Cats until her mother returns for her.

Paragraph 10: Since before Canada's emergence as a nation in 1867, the country has produced its own composers, musicians and ensembles. From the 17th century onward, Canada has developed a music infrastructure, that includes concert halls, conservatories, academies, performing arts centres, record companies, radio stations and national music video television channels.  The success of the gramophone at the beginning of the 20th century  allowed Canadian songwriters to broaden their potential audiences. Following quickly on the gramophone's spread came World War I. The war was the catalyst for the writing and recording of large numbers of Canadian-written popular songs, some of which achieved lasting international commercial success. The 1920s saw Canada's first radio stations, this  allowed  Canadian songwriters to  contribute some of the most famous popular music of the early 20th century.

Paragraph 11: In 1907, Thomas W. Lawson was under charter to the Anglo-American Oil Company (part of Standard Oil) and set sail on November 19 from the piers of Marcus Hook Refinery (20 miles south of Philadelphia) to London with 58,000 barrels of light paraffin oil. Two days before leaving, the new captain, George Washington Dow, had to hire six new men to the crew because six other seamen had quit their jobs due to payment problems. Those new men weren't able seamen and some didn't speak fluent English. Leaving the mouth of the Delaware River, on November 20, the large schooner set course for England under fair weather conditions. But the following day the weather turned considerably worse. The ship was not sighted for more than 20 days during its first transatlantic journey, which was quite horrible in extremely stormy weather. With the loss of most of her sails, all but one lifeboat, and the breach of hatch no. 6, causing the ship's pumps to clog due to a mixture of intruding seawater and the engine's coal in the ship's hold, the schooner reached the Celtic Sea northwest of the Isles of Scilly. On December 13, entering the English Channel, she mistakenly passed inside the Bishop Rock lighthouse. Her captain anchored between the Nundeeps shallows and Gunner's Rock, northwest of the island of Annet, to ride out an impending gale, refusing several requests of St. Agnes and St. Mary's lifeboat crews to abandon the ship. Captain Dow, trusting in his anchors, only accepted the Trinity House pilot Billy "Cook" Hicks from St. Agnes lifeboat, who came aboard at 5 p.m. on Friday 13. Both lifeboats of St. Agnes and St. Mary's had to return to their stations because of an unconscious crewman on the former and a broken mast on the latter. They cabled to Falmouth, Cornwall, for a tug which couldn't put to sea, unable to face the storm.

Paragraph 12: SONGS-1 was a Westinghouse 3-loop pressurized water reactor constructed by Bechtel and rated at 1347 MWthermal . It began commercial operation on January 1, 1968, and ceased operation on November 30, 1992. Defueling was completed on March 6, 1993. On December 28, 1993, NRC approved the Permanently Defueled Technical Specifications. On November 3, 1994, SCE submitted a Proposed Decommissioning Plan to place SONGS-1 in SAFSTOR until the shutdown of Units 2 and 3. On December 15, 1998, following a change in NRC decommissioning regulations, SCE submitted a post shutdown decommissioning activities report (PSDAR) for SONGS-1, to commence DECON in 2000. SCE actively decommissioned the facility, and most of the structures and equipment have been removed and sent to a disposal facility. The NRC issued a license amendment in February 2010 releasing the off-shore portions of the Unit 1 cooling intake and outlet pipes in place, under the Pacific Ocean seabed, for unrestricted use. The fuel from Unit 1 was transferred to Phase 1 of the independent spent fuel storage installation (ISFSI). In 2015, the ISFSI was expanded onto the area previously occupied by Unit 1 in order to store all Unit 2 and Unit 3 spent fuel. SCE completed transferring all of the nuclear fuel to dry storage in 2020.

Paragraph 13: Maria is a blithe but proud spirit who likes to go barefoot and has a troubled home life. Maria immediately likes Harry, whose work she knows, but takes an instant dislike to Kirk. Although she flees during their meeting, Harry tracks her down to her family home and convinces her to fly away with them to the United States to make her first film. Thanks to his expertise and the help of sweaty, insincere publicist Oscar Muldoon, her film debut is a sensation. With two subsequent films by this team, Maria becomes a respected actress, Harry's career is resurrected, and they become friends.

Paragraph 14: to make new memories due to having had a brain aneurysm years before. As a result, he forgets the day's events every time he goes to sleep. Molly soon finds out that he has been recording all of their conversations on his pen. Gus tries to explain, but Molly mistakes it for being a disturbing and creepy habit. A few weeks later Molly returns to the apartment to find Gus's sister Lucy who explains everything and gives Molly the file folder Gus had filled with mementos and notes of their time together. Molly visits the hospital where Gus is under observation and introduces herself as his girlfriend.  She shows him the folder so he can learn more about their relationship. We learn that prior to having his aneurysm, Gus was meant to be the next Einstein working at Caltech and the Mt. Wilson telescope in southern California. Molly takes Gus there, where he visits with his old colleagues. While visiting, they let him know that his work will help them to better understand the universe.  Molly also meets Gus's ex-fiancée (one of his former co-workers) who explains why things had ended between them and warns her of the difficulties that any sort of serious relationship will have.  Gus also tells Molly to leave him if an operation to fix his brain damage does not work. Gus's sister tells Molly that Gus has actually already had this operation, but it did not work. That night Molly sees a note on Gus's laptop to ask her to marry him the next day. Molly deletes the note after reflecting on what Gus had told her to do and Gus wakes up the next day without any memory of her. Molly continues her life with almost a quarter million dollars that she finally received from her great aunt's inheritance. With those extra funds she pays off her student loans and achieves her long standing dream of starting her own flower business. One day, while working at a wedding, a shooting star appears and Molly is reminded of Gus. She visits him at the jewelry shop he works at the next day.  He recognizes her name from an envelope he had kept containing an antique ring that had belonged to Molly's great aunt. Shortly after they had originally met, Molly had come to the shop and had sold the ring to Gus for $200 that she had desperately needed. At the time the ring was in bad shape and missing half its stones. Gus had repaired the ring and kept it to return to Molly someday at no expense. He gives it back to her and she begins to cry tears of happiness and hints to him that they know each other. Gus is remembering something - her name - when he goes to retrieve the ring from the back of the store where he put it for safe keeping. We may take this as a hint that his ability to remember is slowly returning or, romantically, love has not forgotten her.  Molly asks Gus if he would like to go out for coffee with her and says she knows a great place.

Paragraph 15: The golden-rumped elephant shrew is found in the northern coastal areas in and around Arabuko Sokoke National Park Mombasa in Kenya. Its name derives from the conspicuous golden fur on its hindquarters, distinctive golden coloration on its rump, and grizzled gold forehead contrasting with its dark reddish-brown color. The golden-rumped elephant shrew has long muscular rear legs and shorter, less developed forelegs. Like other elephant shrews, this species has a long and flexible snout, which is where its genus gets its name. Its tail is largely black except for the last third, which is white with a black tip. On juveniles, the fur shows vestigial traces of a checkerboard pattern seen on giant elephant shrews like the checkered elephant shrew.

Paragraph 16: The American scholar Leonard Weinberg described the recruitment of activists such as Pasztor and Nazarenko into the Republican Party in the late 1960s as the beginning of a tilt towards a more right-wing stance within the GOP. Several other members of the National Republican Heritage Groups Council, whose members were mostly Eastern European had connections to fascist causes such as the Romanian-American Florian Galdau who served in the Legion of the Archangel Michael (the Iron Guard) in his native Romania, the Slovak-American Met Balco who organised "annual commemorations of the Slovak Nazi regime", the Ukrainian-American Bohdan Fedorak who was a member of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists (OUN) and whose wartime past was "questionable", and the Bulgarian-American Radi Slavoff who had been a member of a fascist group in Bulgaria. The American scholar Jaimee A. Swift wrote the 25 members of the National Republican Heritage Groups Council were almost exclusively concerned with foreign policy and rarely addressed domestic issues. She also noted that despite the stated purpose of the council to improve outreach by the Republican Party to ethnic minorities that the council never had Jewish and Afro-American members.  Swift felt it was revealing that most of the members of the National Republican Heritage Groups Council had links to the World Anti-Communist League, which was a gathering of various extreme right-wing groups from around the world. The exclusion of the Jews and blacks from the council was justified under the grounds that those two communities had "special" concerns. The journalist Russ Bellant felt that the argument for "special concerns" for Jewish-Americans and Afro-Americans was specious as Chinese-Americans, Vietnamese-Americans and native Indians could also be said to have "special" concerns, but members of these groups were represented on the council. Bellant noted that many members of the council made it clear that they would not welcome Jewish and black members, which he felt was the real reason for excluding Jews and blacks. In 1972, Nazarenko converted the Cossack War Veterans' Association into the World Federation of the Cossack National Liberation Movement of Cossackia. Nazarenko took part in Captive Nations day parades in his Cossack uniform and as the president of the Cossack American Republican National Federation was active in Republican politics.  The Austrian-born American author Julius Epstein described Nazarenko in the early 1970s as living in a modest house in New York together with his wife and father-in-law Naumenko.

Paragraph 17: His father was from Rolleston, Staffordshire, and came to Cambridge in 1739 as a sizar. He had support in his education from the Hardinge family, of Melbourne, Derbyshire, his patrons being Nicholas Hardinge and his physician brother. In his early career he was chaplain to Margaret Newton, in her own right 2nd Countess Coningsby. George Hardinge, son of Nicholas, after Gilbert's death pointed out that the living of Kingston passed to George Wakefield in 1769, under an Act of Parliament specifying presentations to chapels of the parish, only because he had used his personal influence with his uncle Charles Pratt, 1st Baron Camden the Lord Chancellor, and Jeremiah Dyson.

Paragraph 18: Air1 is a Christian worship music format featuring songs that are popular in many contemporary Christian worship services. In 1986, KLRD began broadcasting Christian CHR/rock music format from Yucaipa, California, going by the on-air moniker "K-Lord". In 1994, KXRD signed on as a sister station to KLRD. In 1995, K-Lord changed its name to "Air1" and began broadcasting via satellite from St. Helens, Oregon. In 1999, Air1 joined Educational Media Foundation, and in 2002, it moved its headquarters to Rocklin, California. Air1 makes use of FM broadcast translators to spread its reach across much of the country. As of November 2011, the network lists 90 full-power radio stations and 125 translators collectively serving 40 states.  On January 1, 2019, Air1 flipped from its longtime Christian CHR format to Christian worship.

Paragraph 19: Chaga Parviz | Chagah | Chagha Sorkhak | Chaghatayi | Chah Karmak | Chah Salem | Chah Shirin | Chahal Konar | Chahar Asiab | Chahar Bisheh | Chahar Bisheh | Chahar Darreh | Chahar Deh | Chahar Gaveh | Chahar Kulan | Chahar Marzun | Chahar Muran | Chahar Qash | Chahar Qash | Chahar Qash | Chahar Qash | Chahar Rah-e Tombal | Chahar Tang-e Olya | Chahar Tang-e Sofla | Chahardahi-ye Asgar | Chahardahi-ye Sohrab | Chah-e Dowpowk | Chah-e Molla Ahmad | Chah-e Pol Tuk Ab | Chah-e Reza Aqa | Chah-e Shirin | Chal Abza | Chal Asteran | Chal Bardar | Chal Bardar | Chal Gondam | Chal Gurab | Chal Kareh | Chal Konar | Chal Meydan | Chal Qasem | Chal Revegeh | Chal Shah | Chal Shahrgariveh | Chal Tak-e Pain | Chalat | Chal-e Anjireh | Chal-e Balutak | Chal-e Direh Bozorg | Chal-e Kuchek Latif Allah | Chal-e Mohammad Hoseyn-e Sofla | Chal-e Monar | Chal-e Sangha | Chaleh Tak | Cham Arab | Cham Chit | Cham Chulian | Cham Dalan | Cham Dogham | Cham Faraj | Cham Golak | Cham Hajjian | Cham Hashem-e Dehqan | Cham Kalgeh | Cham Karteh | Cham Kharnub | Cham Khazam-e Do | Cham Khazam-e Yek | Cham Konar | Cham Konar | Cham Konar | Cham Lavand | Cham Lishan | Cham Mardas | Cham Morad | Cham Nezami | Cham ol Obeyd | Cham Pol Baraftab | Cham Qasemali-ye Yek | Cham Rahman | Cham Reyhan | Cham Seyyed Mohammad | Cham Tang | Cham Tangu | Cham | Cham | Chaman Laleh | Chaman | Chamban | Chambareh | Chambeh | Cham-e Anayeh | Cham-e Araban Do | Cham-e Dehqan | Cham-e Eshag | Cham-e Hashem | Cham-e Mahavi | Cham-e Menaf | Cham-e Seyyed Latif | Cham-e Siah | Cham-e Sobbi | Chamian | Chamim | Chamm ol Hamid | Chamran | Chamtar Khan-e Olya | Chamtar Khan-e Sofla | Chamum-e Bughar | Chanibeh-ye Do | Chanibeh-ye Yek | Chapkuh | Charat | Chareh | Chargeli | Chashni Dan | Chavani Ab Bahar | Chavibdeh | Chay Avafi | Chay Sudan | Chay Varsham | Chebseh-ye Bozorg | Chebseh-ye Kuchek | Chegarman | Chegarman-e Gholamhoseyn | Chegha Cheshmeh | Chegha Meleh | Chehchel | Chehel Mani | Chehel Tanan | Chehjam | Chel Gasheh | Chel Rubah | Chel Shah Heydar Aqa | Chelisad | Chelun | Chelvir | Chenar | Chenarestan | Cheru | Cheshmeh Ab | Cheshmeh Abdollah | Cheshmeh Ab-e Neya | Cheshmeh Ali-ye Kayedan | Cheshmeh Badir | Cheshmeh Chelvar | Cheshmeh Gorgi | Cheshmeh Haqqi | Cheshmeh Inaq | Cheshmeh Khatun | Cheshmeh Morad | Cheshmeh Rugheni | Cheshmeh Sheykh | Cheshmeh Shirin | Cheshmeh Shirin | Cheshmeh Shirin | Cheshmeh Zaluvak | Cheshmeh-ye Cham Nezami | Chezi-ye Olya | Chichali Ahmad | Chichali Gholamreza | Chidan | Chin Owlak | Chin-e Ruzah | Chini | Chit Anbeh | Chiti | Chiveh | Chizandan | Chogha Sorkh | Chogha Zanbil | Choghamish | Chol Chol Chal | Cholchelak | Choli | Choveys-e Do | Choveys-e Seh | Choveys-e Yek | Chub Sorkh | Chul Zeyar | Chul | Chulaki | Chulaki | Chulaneh | Chumeh Tupchi Masjid | Chumeh-ye Khazaliyeh | Chumeh-ye Kuchak | Chumeh-ye Seyyed Alvan | Chuzah | Chuzu

Paragraph 20: PA 309 becomes a four-lane freeway called the Fort Washington Expressway and passes between a high-rise apartment complex to the west and Cheltenham High School to the east as it comes to a diamond interchange with the southern terminus of PA 152 at Easton Road southwest of the community of Wyncote. From there, the route heads northwest and passes to the southwest of Arcadia University and to the northeast of Holy Sepulchre Cemetery before it runs near wooded areas and suburban residential development, crossing into Springfield Township. The freeway curves west and comes to a diamond interchange at Paper Mill Road, where it makes a turn to the northwest as it passes northeast of Springfield Township High School. PA 309 reaches a diamond interchange with PA 73 near the community of Oreland and continues through suburban areas, entering Whitemarsh Township. The freeway heads north as it passes near business parks, crossing Sandy Run. The route heads north-northeast and comes to a bridge over SEPTA's Lansdale/Doylestown Line before it bends north and passes under Norfolk Southern's Morrisville Line. PA 309 enters Upper Dublin Township and comes to a modified cloverleaf interchange connecting to the Fort Washington interchange with the Pennsylvania Turnpike (I-276) and Pennsylvania Avenue in the community of Fort Washington. From here, the freeway runs near business parks before heading north-northwest through wooded residential areas to a partial interchange with Highland Avenue consisting of a northbound exit and southbound entrance. The route heads north through more suburban development to the east of the borough of Ambler, passing west of Upper Dublin High School, and reaches a northbound exit and southbound entrance at Susquehanna Road. PA 309 curves northwest and comes to a southbound exit and northbound entrance at Butler Pike a short distance later. The freeway runs through woodland and residential development, crossing into Lower Gwynedd Township and turning north to reach a diamond interchange serving Norristown Road to the east of Spring House. The route runs near business parks and curves northwest, heading near residential development before it comes to the north end of the Fort Washington Expressway and merges onto Bethlehem Pike, with a southbound exit and northbound entrance for Bethlehem Pike.

Paragraph 21: The regiment was sent to York Barracks in Munster to serve as part of 22nd Armoured Brigade in 1946 and then moved to Barker Barracks in Paderborn in December 1948. The regiment returned to the UK in August 1951, from where the regiment was sent, a few months later, to Korea to take part in the Korean War—a war that had been raging ever since North Korea had launched a surprise attack against South Korea—as part of the 1st Commonwealth Division. The Chinese launched a massive attack on 'The Hook', a tactically important position held by the British, on 18 November 1952, commencing the second battle for 'The Hook'. The Black Watch, having stoutly defended their positions, were forced back by the overwhelming Chinese attack. Subsequently, the British launched a counter-attack that supported the Black Watch as they began the methodical effort to dislodge the Chinese from 'The Hook'; B Squadron of the regiment, which was armed with the powerful Centurion main battle tank, was part of this attack. Fighting raged on into the early hours of 19 November but, as dawn broke, the Chinese retreated, unable to consolidate their position on 'The Hook'. The regiment left Korea the following month, arriving in the Suez Canal Zone just prior to its handover to the Egyptians.

Paragraph 22: In 1958, Crews joined the UC Berkeley English Department, where he taught for 36 years before retiring as its chair in 1994. Crews was an anti-war activist from 1965 to about 1970 and advocated draft resistance as co-chair of Berkeley’s Faculty Peace Committee. Though he shared the widespread assumption during the mid-1960s that psychoanalytic theory was a valid account of human motivation and was one of the first academics to apply that theory systematically to the study of literature, Crews gradually came to regard psychoanalysis as a pseudoscience. This convinced him that his loyalty should not belong to any theory but rather to empirical standards and the skeptical point of view. Throughout his career, Crews has brought his concern for rational discourse to the study of various issues, from the controversy over recovered memory, the credibility of the Rorschach test, and belief in alien abductions to Theosophy and "intelligent design." He has also advocated for clear writing based on standards of sound argument and rhetorical effectiveness rather than adherence to rigid school-book rules. "What interests me is general rationality," said Crews in an interview: {{blockquote|General rationality requires us to observe the world carefully, to consider alternative hypotheses to our own hypotheses, to gather evidence in a responsible way, to answer objections. These are habits of mind that science shares with good history, good sociology, good political science, good economics, what have you. And I summarize all this in what I call the "empirical attitude." It's a combination of feeling responsible to the evidence that is available, feeling responsible to go out and find that evidence, including the evidence that is contrary to one's presumptions, and responsibility to be logical with one's self and others. And this is an ideal that is not so much individual as social. The rational attitude doesn't really work when simply applied to one's self. It is something that we owe to each other.}}

Paragraph 23: On 29 April, COMUSMACV General William  Westmoreland ordered the 1st Brigade commanded by Brigadier General Salve H. Matheson to immediately join Task Force Oregon in I Corps. In early May the brigade put ashore at Razorback Beach in southern Quảng Ngai, established a base named Carentan, and prepared for action against the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN)/Viet Cong (VC)'s inland base areas-numbered 122, 123 and 124 which ran from north to south through the mountainous jungle overlooking the Ve and Tra Cau River Valleys. On 11 May, the 1st Brigade moved into the interior looking for the 1st and 2nd Regiments, both of which were thought to lurk there. Two of the three battalions conducted air assaults into the western part of Base Area 124, a tangle of tree-clad low hills overlooking the coastal plain. Resistance was light. The next morning Matheson committed his remaining battalion to a blocking position on high ground in the eastern part of the base area and ordered the other two battalions to sweep toward it. Encountering little opposition in the days that followed, Matheson decentralized his operations and conducted a more rigorous search. Matheson allowed each battalion commander to work his operational area as he saw fit, insisting only that companies operate within a two-hour march of each other. Most units kept constantly on the move and traveled with three to five days' worth of supplies, so the PAVN/VC would be less likely to pinpoint their location by observing resupply helicopters. Companies split into platoons for wider coverage of a search area, but remained close enough to reassemble quickly if they ran into a sizable force. These tactics often paid off. On 13 May, near the Tra Cau's headwaters, 12 separate firefights occurred, the largest against an entrenched VC company. By nightfall, the Americans had killed 29 VC at a cost of 1 American killed and 7 wounded, but the outcome was not always so one-sided. On 18 May Company B, 2nd Battalion, 502nd Infantry Regiment, moved well inside a large VC camp before realizing that the occupants had not yet fled. Confusion reigned during the firefight, and the Americans realized they were too close to their enemy to call in artillery or helicopter gunships. For six hours they fought, sometimes hand to hand, until reinforcements arrived and the VC pulled back. Left on the battlefield were 31 VC dead, while American casualties were 12 killed and 41 wounded. Matheson's men completed their scouring of Base Area 124 in early June, reporting that they had killed or captured over 400 VC, seized 125 weapons, and razed several base camps.

Paragraph 24: Constantin Frățilă was born on 1 October 1942 in Bucharest, Romania and started to play football in 1957, at junior level at Recolta București, after one year moving to Uzinele Vasile Roaită. He started his senior career playing for Dinamo București, making his Divizia A debut on 16 April 1961 in a 6–0 victory against Minerul Lupeni in which he scored a hat-trick, having a total of 7 goals in 7 appearances until the end of his first season spent at the club. In the following four seasons he helped the club win four consecutive Divizia A titles, in the first he contributed with 5 goals scored in 19 matches, in the second he played 15 games and scored 9 goals, in the third he made 26 appearances with 19 goals scored, being also the top-scorer of the league alongside Cornel Pavlovici and in the last one he scored 11 goals in 23 matches. He also won two Cupa României with The Red Dogs, scoring one goal in the 5–3 victory from the 1964 Cupa României Final against rival Steaua București and played in 11 European Cup matches in which he scored 7 goals and one game in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, in the 1965–66 European Cup edition he scored two goals against Denmark's champion, Boldklubben 1909 which helped the team advance to the next phase where they were eliminated by Inter Milan against whom he also scored a goal after which he said:"I scored a goal against Inter, can you believe it? I scored against the best defense in the world. It is the biggest satisfaction of my life" and he also scored a goal in a 5–3 loss against Real Madrid in the 1963–64 European Cup edition. In a 1967 Bucharest Cup match against Steaua he suffered a injury which kept him off the field for one year and a half. In 1970 he went to play for Argeș Pitești where in his second season he helped the team win the Divizia A title, contributing with 7 goals scored in 17 matches. After a season spent at Sportul Studențesc București, he went to play in Cyprus in the 1973–74 season alongside fellow Romanian Mihai Mocanu, winning the title and the cup. He returned to Romania at Chimia Râmnicu Vâlcea where he made his last Divizia A appearance on 20 November 1974 in a 1–0 victory against Sportul Studențesc, ending his career in 1975 at Divizia C team, Sirena București. Constantin Frățilă died on 21 October 2016 at age 74.

Paragraph 25: In light of archaeological and epigraphic evidence, modern scholars have formulated a number of theories on the location of the lands associated with the Bessi during the period of Roman imperialism - known as Bessica. The first major paradigm, originally advanced by Gavril Katsarov, largely coincided with ancient accounts although was later expanded by Georgi Mihailov to also coincide with Philippopolis and the surrounding environs located to the east of the Bessi core, as well as including the area around modern Yakoruda to the south. The paradigm would then maintain that, during the reign of Trajan, the territory would come to be administratively incorporated into Philippopolis as a consequence of the emperor's urbanizing projects in Thrace. On the other hand, Margarita Tacheva proposed that Roman Bessica had no civic centre and was based around the Rhodope, Rila, and Strandzha mountains. She then argues that the region was administratively attached to Philippopolis during the reign of Vespasian, later being divided and absorbed into the administrative units of Scupi, Serdica, and Philippopolis under Trajan. While these two paradigms dominate academia, a third theory presented by Peter Delev puts forth that Bessica was centred on the northern foothills of the Rila mountain range and was located outside of the Rhodopes.

Paragraph 26: The last but one writing is from the 7th of September 1979. Then, Petya writes a confession:"The most paradoxical in me is that suffering makes me happy. There is something great in suffering, something raising... How I imagine suffering - neon light, two unusually beautiful eyes, sadly calm, not staring anywhere, some kindness, prayer, dedication in them, from the neon they look black, but maybe they are brown, blue - no! A sad agreement, not reconciliation, but a sad agreement with everything they've lived through! And two hands, naked to their elbows, tightly hold a tall glass of beer. This is suffering. I have seen suffering. It was so close to me - on the table next to me. And how I had wished for it!""I don't know why, but I'd always been immensely happy. I despise those who need a certain cause to be happy - or to fall in love, or to achieve something. Sometimes my happiness was so painful, I've barely fought with it, to survive, not to get exhausted of its maddening power.""I don't want to live blindly...Everything is so cursed, somewhere on the inside, from the depths of life, it smells rotten. But I want to believe there are worthy people, people pure and irreplaceable. If there really are, they must be unhappy..." Early death 

Paragraph 27: The forming process is most often used to shrink or expand cylindrical tubing, but it can also form sheet metal by repelling the work piece onto a shaped die at a high velocity. High-quality joints can be formed, either by electromagnetic pulse crimping with a mechanical interlock or by electromagnetic pulse welding with a true metallurgical weld. Since the forming operation involves high acceleration and deceleration, mass of the work piece plays a critical role during the forming process. The process works best with good electrical conductors such as copper or aluminum, but it can be adapted to work with poorer conductors such as steel.

Paragraph 28: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at risk of life above and beyond the call of duty. Capt. Roeder commanded his company in defense of the strategic Mount Battaglia. Shortly after the company had occupied the hill, the Germans launched the first of a series of determined counterattacks to regain this dominating height. Completely exposed to ceaseless enemy artillery and small-arms fire, Capt. Roeder constantly circulated among his men, encouraging them and directing their defense against the persistent enemy. During the sixth counterattack, the enemy, by using flamethrowers and taking advantage of the fog, succeeded in overrunning the position. Capt. Roeder led his men in a fierce battle at close quarters, to repulse the attack with heavy losses to the Germans. The following morning, while the company was engaged in repulsing an enemy counterattack in force, Capt. Roeder was seriously wounded and rendered unconscious by shell fragments. He was carried to the company command post, where he regained consciousness. Refusing medical treatment, he insisted on rejoining his men. Although in a weakened condition, Capt. Roeder dragged himself to the door of the command post and, picking up a rifle, braced himself in a sitting position. He began firing his weapon, shouted words of encouragement, and issued orders to his men. He personally killed 2 Germans before he himself was killed instantly by an exploding shell. Through Capt. Roeder's able and intrepid leadership his men held Mount Battaglia against the aggressive and fanatical enemy attempts to retake this important and strategic height. His valorous performance is exemplary of the fighting spirit of the U.S. Army.

Paragraph 29: Pinehurst No. 2, the most famous course at Pinehurst Resort, was first opened in 1907 and designed by Donald Ross. Pinehurst is considered to be Ross' best work and he continued to perfect it until his death in 1948. The course is famous for its exceptionally difficult green complexes which were a signature of Ross designs and many of the greens are crowned causing shots that are short to roll off the green, leaving a difficult chip shot. Johnny Miller once famously compared trying to land a shot on a Pinehurst green as "like trying to hit a ball on top of a VW Beetle. Pinehurst, like many Sandhills courses, was without long rough for much of its early history but in 1974 a redesign by RT Jones led to the installation of thick bermuda rough throughout the course, which lasted until a restoration in 2010 by Bill Coore and Ben Crenshaw, who removed all of the rough and reshaped the fairways and bunkers to restore the course to its original Ross design. In lieu of rough, golfers now find hardpan sand and native scrub bordering the fairways. The course since its inception has been host to many significant tournaments including 4 men's majors (1936 PGA Championship, and 1999, 2005, 2014 U.S. Opens). Additional U.S. Opens are scheduled in 2024, 2029, 2035, 2041, and 2047 under a partnership with the USGA announced in September of 2020 naming Pinehurst as the USGA's first "anchor site". It also hosted the 1951 Ryder Cup and the 2014 U.S. Women's Open played the week after the men's. Not only has the course hosted numerous professional events, but it has also hosted the U.S. Amateur three times (1962, 2008, and 2019). The course is currently grassed with Tifway Bermuda tees and fairways and Champion Ultradwarf greens. For its 2019-2020 course rankings, Golf Digest ranked No. 2 as the 29th best golf course in the United States and the 6th best public course in the country. Golf Magazine for its 2020-2021 rankings named No. 2 as the 11th best course in the country and the best in North Carolina.

Paragraph 30: Los Hermanos Dinamita was formed in the late 1980s after Universo 2000 made his professional wrestling debut and began working with his older brothers Cien Caras and Máscara Año 2000. It was not until the early 1990s that the group began to work together on a regular basis when all three brothers worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) that the trio began to get noticed. While they worked as a team their biggest success came in individual competition, especially the oldest brother Cien Caras who won the CMLL World Heavyweight Championship. When former CMLL booker Antonio Peña left the promotion to form Asistencia Asesoría y Administración, later known simply as "AAA", jumped ship with him to continue with Konnan and became an integral part of the AAA's heavyweight division in its formative years. Cien Caras was a key factor in the events that led to the largest crown in Mexican wrestling history, 48,000 people, at Triplemanía I. While still working for CMLL Los Hermanas Dinamitas had won the Mexican National Trios Championship from Octagón, Atlantis and Máscara Sagrada and when they left CMLL they took the championship with them to AAA. The team held on to the Trios Title until they were defeated on April 26, 1994 almost three years after winning it. By the mid-1990s the group broke up as the brothers left AAA one by one to work on the Mexican Independent wrestling circuit or returned to CMLL.