Paragraph 1: How, then, does one define a concept as a system's total mass which is easily defined in classical mechanics?  As it turns out, at least for spacetimes which are asymptotically flat (roughly speaking, which represent some isolated gravitating system in otherwise empty and gravity-free infinite space), the ADM 3+1 split leads to a solution: as in the usual Hamiltonian formalism, the time direction used in that split has an associated energy, which can be integrated up to yield a global quantity known as the ADM mass (or, equivalently, ADM energy).  Alternatively, there is a possibility to define mass for a spacetime that is stationary, in other words, one that has a time-like Killing vector field (which, as a generating field for time, is canonically conjugate to energy); the result is the so-called Komar mass  Although defined in a totally different way, it can be shown to be equivalent to the ADM mass for stationary spacetimes. The Komar integral definition can also be generalized to non-stationary fields for which there is at least an asymptotic time translation symmetry; imposing a certain gauge condition, one can define the Bondi energy at null infinity.  In a way, the ADM energy measures all of the energy contained in spacetime, while the Bondi energy excludes those parts carried off by gravitational waves to infinity.  Great effort has been expended on proving positivity theorems for the masses just defined, not least because positivity, or at least the existence of a lower limit, has a bearing on the more fundamental question of boundedness from below: if there were no lower limit to the energy, then no isolated system would be absolutely stable; there would always be the possibility of a decay to a state of even lower total energy.  Several kinds of proofs that both the ADM mass and the Bondi mass are indeed positive exist; in particular, this means that Minkowski space (for which both are zero) is indeed stable.  While the focus here has been on energy, analogue definitions for global momentum exist; given a field of angular Killing vectors and following the Komar technique, one can also define global angular momentum.

Paragraph 2: Ukens Revy had been distinctively pro-German and anti-British during the First World War. During the war, Hambro got entangled in British affairs. In January 1917, the United Kingdom had ceased its coal exports to Norway. During the negotiations between Knudsen's Cabinet's representatives and the British legation in Kristiania, Hambro wrote an editorial in Morgenbladet which suggested expulsion of the British diplomats if Norwegian needs were not met. British Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour met with the Norwegian ambassador in the UK, and demanded that Knudsen's Cabinet either deplore Morgenbladet's statements or prosecute Hambro legally. Hambro's actions were defended by the Norwegian parliamentary opposition, including the Conservative Party. After some rounds of talks and negotiations, the whole case blew over. In the first phase of the First World War, Hambro had campaigned restlessly against Knudsen's Cabinet which he perceived as too weak to lead the country through a war. Hambro and Morgenbladet was joined in this endeavor by Tidens Tegn and to an extent Aftenposten. Prime Minister Gunnar Knudsen summoned a sitdown of himself and the three newspaper's editors, where he tried to calm their attacks. "The attempt failed completely", notes historian Hans Fredrik Dahl.

Paragraph 3: On lap 65, the second big one would occur collecting another 8 cars. Ryan Newman turned Casey Mears around right in front of the field. Rusty Wallace trying to avoid Mears then hooked Scott Riggs in the right rear sending Riggs head on into the outside wall flipping him over. Riggs' car then tumbled multiple times past the start-finish line with Jeff Burton nearly running into him head on while he was tumbling. Burton steered to the right and barely clipped Riggs while he was tumbling. Fortunately, Riggs was ok. The cars involved were Mears, Wallace, Riggs, Burton, Mike Wallace, Greg Biffle, Jeff Gordon, and Jimmie Johnson. The 5th caution came out on lap 77 when Kyle Busch got loose in turn 4 sending Busch into the outside wall. The 6th caution came out when Kyle's older brother Kurt Busch blew a right front tire and hit the wall in turn 4 while leading the race. The next 2 cautions came out for debris. With 7 laps to go, Matt Kenseth took the lead and it looked like he was gonna take the victory. But with 4 laps to go, Ken Schrader blew a tire and crashed in turn 4 bringing out the 9th caution and setting up a green-white-checkered finish. Kenseth took the lead and took the white flag with Tony Stewart making a move to the inside. Coming from 5th place, Dale Jarrett passed Kenseth and Stewart in turns 1 and 2 to take the lead on the final lap. Down the backstretch, Kyle Petty got hooked and crashed hard into the inside wall bringing out the 10th and final caution. Jarrett was the leader at the moment of caution and took home his 32nd and final career Cup Series victory and his first since the 2002 Pepsi 400 presented by Farmer Jack at Michigan. Tony Stewart, Matt Kenseth, Ryan Newman, and Carl Edwards rounded the top 5 and Brian Vickers, Sterling Marlin, Kurt Busch, Joe Nemechek, and Kevin Harvick rounding the top 10. Meanwhile, Kyle Petty, despite a severely damaged racecar, still wanted to finish the race. While Jarrett was celebrating with the crowd, Petty followed Jarrett after Jarrett passed him off turn 4 struggling to get the car to the finish. Petty's car was able to cross the start-finish line to the cheers of the crowd finishing in 24th 2 laps down and was not handed a DNF.

Paragraph 4: In the 1st century BC, the rulers of the Western World at that time, the Romans, had incorporated Gaul into their empire as a new colony. When the Treveri now once again found themselves beset by the Germanic hordes, they called on the Roman general and conqueror of Gaul, Julius Caesar, for help. In 58 BC, he drove the Germanic peoples back across the Rhine. Nevertheless, the Treveri were hardly spared foreign rule, as the Romans remained in their land as rulers for the next 500 years with the Rhine as the Imperial frontier to be guarded against the Germanic peoples that they had driven out. From their stronghold at Trier, supplies rolled through the Löllbach area to the frontier, but not before the old wilderness paths gave way to paved roads leading across the heights. Thus did the Roman roads come into being. These would have carried all manner of traffic, from marching legions to commercial wagons to dignified Roman ladies hurrying to their husbands in some garrison town on the Rhine. Here and there on each side of the Roman roads, however, on the hillsides, lay Roman , proud lordly seats. They were extensive farms taken from the defeated Celto-Germanic people that the Romans had then granted long-serving legionnaires as a reward – and also to ensure their continued hegemony. Celts worked the land there and served their Roman masters. One such Roman estate is known to have lain near where the church now stands in neighbouring Medard, but there were definitely several others in the area. Besides the Roman roads and the Roman monument near Schweinschied, many other Roman finds bear witness to a great number of Romans having lived in the area. Near Löllbach, in the rural cadastral area known as the “Lochwiese”, a Löllbach farmer unearthed a so-called Viergötterstein (a “four-god stone”, a pedestal on which a Jupiter Column was customarily stood) in 1872. This is now kept at a museum in Worms. Some people from Löllbach have also found Roman coins. About AD 450, the Romans had to withdraw their forces from the Rhine into the Gaulish backlands. Another Germanic tribe, this time the Franks, was threatening the Romans with superior military might. Not everyone withdrew from the area, however. The subject people, the Treveri, stayed behind, as did landed Roman families. The invading Franks, however, arranged for themselves to become the new lords and for these remaining people to be a “host people” who would serve their new lords. Later, both Celts and Romans would be assimilated into the body of the Frankish people.

Paragraph 5: By the afternoon of May 21, Lee was still in the dark about Grant's intentions and was reluctant to disengage prematurely from the Spotsylvania Court House line. He cautiously extended Ewell's Corps to the Telegraph Road (current day U.S. Route 1). He also notified Maj. Gen. John C. Breckinridge, who had just defeated a small Union army in the Shenandoah Valley and was en route to join Lee, to stop at Hanover Junction and defend the North Anna River line until Lee could join him. Meanwhile, Grant started the rest of his corps on their marches. As Warren's V Corps began marching toward Massaponax Church, Grant received intelligence about Ewell's Corps blocking the Telegraph Road and changed Warren's orders to proceed instead to Guinea Station and follow Hancock's corps. Burnside's IX Corps encountered Ewell's men on the Telegraph Road and Burnside ordered them to turn around and proceed to Guinea Station. Wright's VI Corps then followed Burnside. By this time, Lee had a clear picture of Grant's plan and he ordered Ewell to march south on the Telegraph Road, followed by Anderson's Corps, and A.P. Hill's Corps on parallel roads to the west. Lee's orders were not urgent—he knew that Ewell had  to march over relatively good roads, versus Hancock's  over inferior roads.

Paragraph 6: Born in Liverpool, he represented Everton at junior level before signing for Blackburn Rovers where he made his professional debut. He spent five seasons with the Lancashire club, playing for them in the Premier League, but was unable to hold a regular first team place. He was sold to Derby County in January 2007, became a regular starter for the team, but he struggled through injuries; In summer 2010 he was released. He subsequently spent two seasons each with Barnsley and Swindon Town before joining Sheffield United in 2014. During his career, McEveley also spent short spells on loan with a number of clubs; Burnley, Gillingham, Ipswich Town, Preston North End, Charlton Athletic and a brief spell at Swindon Town before his permanent switch.

Paragraph 7: The Zvezda entered the 2020–21 season hiring club's legend Saša Obradović as the new head coach. The club started building the new squad by signing Jordan Loyd, Corey Walden, Langston Hall and Emanuel Terry. Aleksa Radanov, Aleksa Uskoković and Duop Reath got promoted from the development team. Soon after the season start, Zvezda signed Taylor Rochestie on a short-term contract and completed a huge signing of Johnny O'Bryant. However, the team performed below expectations, winning only 5 out of 16 games in Euroleague opening stages and losing in ABA to another title contender KK Budućnost, so coach Obradović and the club decided to part ways. Obradović was replaced by Dejan Radonjić, Zvezda's all-time leader in both regular-season games coached and wins. The club also parted ways with Rochestie and Emanuel Terry and reinforced the squad with Quino Colom and Landry Nnoko. Despite missing five important players due to COVID-19, Zvezda won the Serbian national cup. It was the 10th Radonjić's trophy on Zvezda helm. Right after the cup tournament, Zvezda parted ways with O'Bryant. Soon to follow were departures of Simanić and Colom, as the coach was seeking a way to trim down the roster. Zvezda finished regular part of the ABA league in the first place, with 23 wins and 3 losses. The semifinals duel with KK Igokea was won 2-1 despite struggling with injury problems, most notably the starting playmaker Walden. In the finals, Zvezda triumphed against Budućnost with 3–2 in series, relying once again on Radonjić's trademark aggressive defense. In the Serbian Super League, Zvezda put on a dominant performance on its road to finals, beating in process KK Zlatibor and KK Borac Čačak. In the final series, Zvezda defeated Mega Soccerbet 2–1, despite Walden missing all the games due to back injury and Loyd getting injured in game 1 and missing games 2 and 3. This was the third triple crown under coach Radonjić, and the third one in club's history.

Paragraph 8: Rensch was born in Thale and as a young boy, he took an interest in observing the natural world and discovered a talent for drawing and painting. He served in the German army from 1917–1920 and began to observe natural phenomena while he was held prisoner in France. He returned to Germany and began his studies on feather structure under Valentin Haecker (1864–1927) who had himself studied under August Weismann. Until the 1930s Rensch held anti-Darwinian and Lamarckian views. Rensch also took an interest in the philosophy of science and was fascinated by Theodor Ziehen (1862–1950). Rensch also studied expressionist painting and in later life examined the biological roots of art. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Halle in 1922. He joined the zoological museum of the University of Berlin as an assistant in 1925. In 1927 he participated in a zoological expedition to the Sunda Islands. He studied the geographical distribution of subspecies of polytypic species and of complexes of closely related species with attention to how local environmental factors, especially climate, influenced their evolution. In 1929 he published the book Das Prinzip geographischer Rassenkreise und das Problem der Artbildung that discussed the relationship between geography and speciation. His work in this area would influence Ernst Mayr, who was also an assistant at the museum from 1927–1930, and would contribute to the development of the modern evolutionary synthesis. In 1937 he was forced to leave the museum because he refused to join the Nazi party, and took a position at a zoological garden in Münster. In 1940 he was recalled for military service, but was discharged for medical reasons in 1942.

Paragraph 9: Before character generators were available, the primary method of adding titles to video images was to dedicate one camera to shooting white letters on a black background, which then was combined with the video from a live-action camera to form what appeared to be a single image with white letters seemingly superimposed over it. In fact, to this day (and despite the fact that this technology is long-since antiquated by the modern CG) some directors of live TV continue to order the technical director (TD) to "add the super" when they want the CG output "superimposed" over the image of another camera. As technology advanced, the ability to "key" (compositing) these white letters over live video became available, involving electronically "cutting a hole" (analogous to cutting a keyhole) in the shape of the letters from the title camera and then electronically adding the letters to the holes cut into the live action camera image. Again, some directors still call this "keying the graphic". Finally, the modern CG allowed not only more precise and realistic "keying", but also the addition of multiple picture elements from the CG to further the illusion of a three-dimensional graphic physically overlying a video image. The addition of full-motion graphics from the CG and the animation of graphic elements by the CG blur the line between "character generator" and "computer graphics", combining the CG's ability to elegantly present graphics and video with the computer's ability to interface with game scoring and timing systems, to keep running totals of an athlete's performance on the field or the court and to derive statistics both for individual players and the teams involved, and to interface with computer systems located at other game venues or at a television network's master control central broadcast center. On televised sporting events, score bugs are present. They contain CG data from that game, CG data from other games in progress, other games already completed, and games yet to come, all in an effort to keep the viewer from having to "channel surf" to another station to watch another television program. Viewers who do not change channels watch the first channel's television advertising (also included in CG output) which then generates revenue for the television network.

Paragraph 10: With things really going on, Let's Go Bowling released a live record for Asian Man Records (Mike Park's Skankin' Pickle label) entitled Freeway Lanes. This captured the band at its most innovative, with the band performing freely, and capturing golden moments of interaction between the band, and its beloved scene. It is at this time that the band started to become more free form, and detached with the rigidness of its structure, and would routinely stretch out its Skatalite covers into 15 minute episodic affairs.  M.Rey's solos over "Man In The Street" and "The Reburial of Marcus Garvey" were highly innovative in its use of delay to create a ricochet of brass, inspired by Dub music. These solos would extend, and lend themselves to Gilbert Lopez's Tenor Saxophone innuendoes, forming huge, parallel, harmonic ideas, completely improvised, and helped break down the barriers of what could be done within a previously stale, formulatic ska medium. Freeway Lanes includes tributes to LGBs predecessors The Untouchables "Live and Let Dance" and The Equators' "More Than A Person". The album also contains a composition by 20 year old M. Rey DeLeon, entitled "Sock Monkey March", a blistering and ominous march, intended to be a send up of old Esquivel compositions, and an ode to their then manager, Richard "Cord" Burk, who some say resembles a sock monkey in flight.

Paragraph 11: Desai started playing cricket at the age of 10 in the village of Kathodia, in Gujarat. He was selected by Gujarat in early 2007 as he made his debut for Gujarat versus Saurashtra in the 47th game of the 2006-07 Vijay Hazare Trophy, scoring 20 off 18, and suffering a marginal 6-run loss. He later was selected to play for Gujarat in the 2007 Inter-State T20 Championship, making his T20 debut against Maharashtra, winning the game by 5 runs. He went on to score 104 runs from 7 innings out of 8. He was then selected for Gujarat in the 2007-08 Ranji Trophy where he made his FC debut against Vidarbha scoring 19 & 8, winning the game by 50 runs. He goes on to score a total of 54 runs in 6 innings of 3 games. Desai wasn't picked up for the 2008-09 Vijay Hazare Trophy, but played during the 2009-10 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, scoring 108 runs from 4 matches at an average of 36. Desai was then selected into the Gujarati squad for the 2009-10 Ranji Trophy, where he made 108 against Tamil Nadu to help to draw against them. He also additionally made 76 against Railways to give Gujarat a fighting chance, but missed the follow-on target by 5 runs, losing the game. He amassed a total of 295 runs from a total of 12 innings in 7 games during the season. Desai played once more during the 2010-11 Vijay Hazare Trophy, but had a poor performance, scoring only 2 runs out of the 3 games he played in. He was also separately selected again for his final Mushtaq Trophy outing, where he scored 60 runs from 4 matches at an average of 20. This performance selected him into the Gujarat side which would play the Kenya national cricket team in 3 matches in preparation for the 2011 Cricket World Cup. He partook in the second match and made 72 to take Gujarat to a 206-run win over Kenya. He also played in what would be his last Ranji Trophy outing. Desai made 98 runs in 6 innings of 4 games to end his Ranji career. He was then taken off the cricketing radar until he was selected to play for the Indian Income Tax cricket team in the 2013-14 BCCI Corporate Trophy. His good performance during the trophy allowed him to return in the Gujarati side for the 2013-14 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. However, he was dropped after the season ended. He then immigrated to the U.S. in hopes of playing for the United States national cricket team. He was selected for the Lone Star Athletics to play in the 2021 Minor League Cricket season.

Paragraph 12: Jagaddhatri Puja is celebrated with grandeur in Krishnanagar, when lighting from the town of Chandannagar are brought. The origins of Jagaddhatri Puja in Krishnanagar can be traced back to the 18th century, when it was first celebrated by Maharaja Krishna Chandra, the king of Krishnanagar. Initiated by Krishna Chandra in 1762, is the crowning glory of the annual festival. The Maharaja's absence from the Durga Puja that year left him heartbroken as he could not offer his prayers to Maa Durga. Returning by boat on Dasami, the day of idol immersion, the Maharaja saw the idols being immersed in the river and was overcome with grief. However, in a dream that night, he saw a teenage Goddess seated on a lion, resembling a white horse, assuring him that she would come to him on the Sukla Nabami tithi in the Bengali month of Kartick (October-November). Following her divine instructions, an idol of Goddess Jagaddhatri was sculpted and the puja was performed with great pomp and splendor. Jagaddhatri Puja is celebrated across the Paras of Krishnanagar , with each Paras having its own unique customs and traditions. The Paras are essentially different neighborhoods or communities within the town, each with its own distinct identity and character. The most prominent of them all is Chasapara Barowari Puja where the deity is called Burima. This festival that has been celebrated for over 100 years, is known for its grandeur and splendor. The festival is organized by the Chasapara Barowari Committee, and it is celebrated with great enthusiasm and devotion by the locals. The festival is known for its magnificent pandal decorations, which are designed based on various themes and concepts. The pandals are adorned with colorful lights, flowers, and other decorative items, making them a visual treat for the visitors. During the Puja, the locals also perform a unique ritual called "chokkhudaan" where they offer their eyes to the Goddess in the form of a symbolic gesture. This ritual is believed to signify the devotee's willingness to see the truth and the divine light. The festival is also known for its colorful processions, which are accompanied by the beats of the dhak, a traditional Indian percussion instrument. One of the notable features of this Chasapara Barowari is the heavily adornment of Burima with gold jewellery. It is believed that Burima fulfills her true devotees wishes. 

Paragraph 13: A depression atop Sri padaya in Sri Lanka is among the largest and most famous footprints. Buddhist legend holds that during his lifetime the Buddha flew to Sri Lanka and left his footprint on Sri padaya to indicate the importance of Sri Lanka as the perpetuator of his teachings, and also left footprints in all lands where his teachings would be acknowledged. In Thailand, the most important of these "natural" footprints embedded in rock is at Phra Phutthabat in central Thailand. In China, during the Tang dynasty, the discovery of a large footprint of the Buddha in Chengzhou caused Empress Wu Zetian to inaugurate a new reign name in that year, 701 CE, starting the Dazu (Big Foot) era.

Paragraph 14: Controls are the core of the Beehive framework. A control can be defined as a program which can be used by the developer to access enterprise-level resources such as Enterprise Java Beans (EJBs), web services etc. For example, consider accessing an old legacy EJB 2 bean. It involved a lot of routine code like getting access to a home interface, then creating/finding an EJB using finder methods and then accessing the remote methods of the bean. Using a control simplified this because it did most of the routine coding for the developer, who could work on business logic rather than the inner-details of Java EE technology. This is also useful to advanced developers because the developer could concentrate on more useful things like constructing a Facade to a complex set of application APIs. In essence a control to a legacy EJB 2 bean ensured that the developer could simply use the control and call any business method of the EJB, using it in the same way as any other Java class. When EJB 3 came around, such simplification was already provided by the EJB specification itself, and Beehive controls were of little further use here. The Controls come with a standard set of controls wiz EJB Control, Webservice Control, Database Control and JMS Control. Custom controls can also be developed which in turn could make use of the controls already built-in.

Paragraph 15: Henry Francis (Christopher Stanley) is a Republican political advisor who serves as the Director of Public Relations and Research in the Governor's Office under New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller and, later, is an advisor to New York City Mayor John Lindsay. He first sees Betty when she is six months pregnant at the Sterlings' Kentucky Derby party, and is instantly drawn to her.  Later, Betty uses a political pretext to call him to ask if he can use his influence to save a local reservoir, and they quickly develop a deeper connection.  Betty reciprocates Henry's attention because she increasingly feels no connection with Don due to his non-stop infidelities, lies over his true identity, and his sometimes verbally abusive attitude towards her. After Betty's beloved father dies, the much older Henry also serves as a father figure for her. Henry and Betty have only a few brief and furtive meetings before Henry proposes marriage in the wake of the Kennedy assassination.  Season 3 ends with the two of them on a plane with baby Gene, flying to Reno so Betty can obtain a quick divorce from Don. At the start of Season 4, we see that Henry and Betty have married and Henry has rather uncomfortably taken up residence in the Drapers' house, living with Betty and her three children and initially paying no rent to Don.  He tries to soothe Betty as she continues to react angrily to Don and his irresponsibility towards the children, but he becomes more frustrated with her over time. Betty, on her part, feels unaccepted by Henry's family, especially when she is unable to control Sally during a family visit to the home of Henry's mother Pauline, and in the face of Pauline's not-so-veiled scorn of Betty. During this time, Henry is concerned by Betty's continued anger towards Don, and he wonders aloud if they rushed into their marriage too quickly.  At the end of Season 4, Henry and Betty decide to move to Rye, NY. By Season 5, Betty has gained a large amount of weight, but Henry tells her she's beautiful. Her relationship with Henry seems affectionate and Henry seems to love her unconditionally. In the Season 6 premiere, when Betty dyes her hair black, to her children's dismay, Henry says she looks like Elizabeth Taylor. Betty supports, and seems rejuvenated by, Henry's decision to run for office in Season 6, and after he admiringly tells the overweight, brunette Betty that during his campaign people will "really see" her, she rapidly regains her former svelte figure and blonde hairdo. Henry is a solid, mature, and responsible presence in her life, but he also has very traditional views of women, and they have an argument when Betty, at a political fundraiser, does not parrot Henry's political position.

Paragraph 16: Quigley's work emphasized inclusive diversity as a core value of Western civilization, contrasting it with the dualism of Plato. He concluded the book Tragedy and Hope with the hope that the West could "resume its development along its old patterns of Inclusive Diversity". From his study of history, "it is clear that the West believes in diversity rather than in uniformity, in pluralism rather than in monism or dualism, in inclusion rather than exclusion, in liberty rather than in authority, in truth rather than in power, in conversion rather than in annihilation, in the individual rather than in the organization, in reconciliation rather than in triumph, in heterogeneity rather than in homogeneity, in relativisms rather than in absolutes, and in approximations rather than in final answers."

Paragraph 17: The transfer of the Jews from the status of imperial to that of territorial subjects, provided by the charter of Frederick II of Austria (1244) and recognized by Emperor Charles IV in his Golden bull (1356), as well as their very frequent expulsion from the large cities in the 15th and 16th centuries, scattered the Jews in small communities. These were without protection against the arbitrary action of petty tyrants; and they caused the rulers considerable inconvenience owing to constant litigation concerning encroachments on the rights of Jews living under their protection. Therefore, the Jews of a given territory organized themselves into an association which elected an advocate ("Shtadlan") for the protection of their interests. Such an official was recognized by the government as the legal representative of the Jews, whose duty it was to see that the taxes imposed on the Jews as a body were promptly paid, that the laws against usury were obeyed, and who in turn was given jurisdiction in civil cases. This jurisdiction, which he exercised either personally if a scholar or through his deputy if not one, gave the Landesrabbiner an authority within the community. Inasmuch as the Jews from the sixteenth century lived almost exclusively in small communities and could not maintain a rabbi or a rabbinical court (which consisted of three members in every settlement), several communities in a district combined to do so. To this condition of things may be attributed the real creation of the office of Landesrabbiner, the former attempts to appoint a chief rabbi over all the Jews of a country—e.g., in Germany by Emperor Rupert in 1407, and in Spain, France, and Portugal, partly in the 14th, partly in the 15th, century—having been mostly abortive, and at all events merely fiscal measures designed for the purpose of tax-collecting (see Heinrich Grätz, "Gesch." viii. 8, 102, et passim; Scherer, "Rechtsverhältnisse der Juden", p. 258; Bishop of the Jews; Hochmeister). The first Landesrabbiner of whom there is authentic record is Judah Löw ben Bezaleel, of whom his contemporary David Gans says that he was for 20 years (1553–73) the spiritual head ("ab bet din") of all the Jewish congregations in the province of Moravia ("Ẓemaḥ Dawid", year 5352).

Paragraph 18: In 1193, Alfonso married Gersenda II of Sabran, daughter of Rainou, Count of Forcalquier of the House of Sabran and Gersend of Forcalquier, daughter of William IV of Forcalquier. Garsenda was named after her mother, who was the heiress of William IV, but predeceased him. Garsenda therefore inherited Forcalquier from her grandfather. She was only thirteen years of age when, in 1193, her grandfather William IV and Alfonso II signed the Treaty of Aix whereby Garsenda would inherit William's county and would marry Alfonso, who was in line to become Count of Provence. The marriage took place at Aix-en-Provence in July 1193.

Paragraph 19: Benedict Arnold entered the American Revolution as a patriot fighting for American independence. Arnold had many successful campaigns, and was considered by many to be the best general and most accomplished leader in the Continental Army. In September 1777 he led a division of the army commanded by Horatio Gates against British General John Burgoyne at the Battle of Freeman's Farm. Following that battle, disagreements between Arnold and Gates boiled over, for reasons including Gates' failure to credit Arnold for his role in the battle, and Gates removed Arnold from command. In the Battle of Bemis Heights in early October, Arnold, against Gates' orders, took to the battlefield, where he played a key role in rallying the troops to attack the British position. In 1778 the American rebels formed an alliance with France, which Arnold was very much opposed to (as demonstrated by the letter). Arnold also made enemies everywhere he went, including politically well-connected military officers and members of the Continental Congress. Charges and countercharges between Arnold and his enemies led to multiple courts martial and investigations of Arnold's financial management of his various commands. These actions, and the influence of his second wife, Peggy Shippen, the daughter of a wealthy Philadelphia Loyalist, led Arnold to begin negotiations to change sides with British Major John André in 1779.

Paragraph 20: The group then sent a petition to Abdu'l-Bahá to approach for Baháʼí pilgrimage October 10, written by Lua and carried by Kheiralla who arrived November 11 after a stay in Egypt and meeting with his family there.Kindle:490,507,2602,2619 They were advised to arrive in small groups, ultimately three groups arrived, over several weeks because of restricted living conditions.Kindle:1786 The Getsingers left right after celebrating Thanksgiving,  and went from France to Italy and left via Naples on ,Kindle:2179 which made weekly trips to Alexandria, Egypt. so arriving probably December 2.  They transferred to  December 6, and then went on to Haifa December 8, the first western believers to arrive on pilgrimage and see Abdu'l-Bahá. Haifa was then a town of some ten thousand with separated Moslem, Christian, and a small Jewish community and had been rebuilt in the 18th century by the Ottomans who shifted governance of the area from ‘Akká to Haifa after the silting up of ‘Akká's harbor in the increasing demands of larger ships.Kindle:454,525,541-559 They were welcomed at the port by eastern Baháʼís, were brought to a coffee house where they were greeted by Abdu'l-Bahá's uncle Muhammad-Quli,Kindle:454,471 stayed at a hotel near the German Colony which was then outside of the walls of Haifa,Kindle:559-577 and didn’t sleep the first night. Another day passed on Friday and they had dinner with a son-in-law of Muhammad-Quli who conveyed the final invitation to visit Abdu'l-Bahá the next morning - still they did not sleep well.Kindle:602 Finally they were invited to the house, put on clothes especially bought for the occasion,Kindle:2628 and then into the room where Abdu'l-Bahá was. Lua recorded: After being directed for all to sit together for a bit, he then sent Lua to the chambers of his sister, Bahíyyih Khánum; still she couldn’t sleep that night until morning. Later the next day she visited the Ridván Garden in ‘Akká: "…we were permitted to enter this also, to go into the room which He always occupied,[ed - Baháʼu'lláh] kneel before the chair upon which He sat, and to kiss the place upon which the soles of His feet rested!“ Then the group went on to the Shrine of Baháʼu'lláh led by Abdu'l-Bahá and she was given flowers by Abdu'l-Bahá for the American Baháʼís, was given a lesson in spiritualizing actions by being served by Abdu'l-Bahá instead of them serving him, when they returned she had her first long sleep since arriving, and then the group returned to Haifa. Lua and her husband were the first North American Baháʼís to go on Baháʼí pilgrimage. This visit began December 10, 1898, at the House of `Abdu'lláh Páshá. Edward took many pictures in the area.Kindle:615-648,3076, 3083, 3101, 3187,4217 The Getsingers did not stay in ‘Akká at the time - Abdu'l-Bahá arranged for them to stay in Haifa that he would use going forward for other occasions.Kindle:2756

Paragraph 21: The LMS bought three four-wheeled diesel railcars from Leyland Motors in 1933. These were allocated to LMS diagram D2132, although this may have been after they were delivered, and may have been required when modifications were made. They were numbered 29950–29952 in the multiple unit section of the LMS carriage number series. Each had 40 third class seats arranged 2+2 either side of a central gangway and were powered by a  diesel engine. After trials between  and  they worked from  to  and  and subsequently at  in Lanarkshire. They passed to British Railways when the LMS was nationalised. BR withdrew them in 1951, so they never received TOPS classification.

Paragraph 22: On 1 January 2023, the Makiivka military quarters shelling occurred. It was reported by both Russian and Ukrainian sources that a Ukrainian strike on Russian military forces based at a vocational school in Makiivka resulted in significant casualties, particularly among conscripts. First Deputy Minister of Information of the Donetsk People's Republic Daniil Bezsonov stated that the strike took place at exactly 00:01 Moscow Time and made use of the M142 HIMARS rocket system. Russian officials claimed that at least 25 HIMARS rockets were fired at the school, resulting in at least 15 casualties. Officials of the Donetsk People's Republic stated that the reason for the strike was the use of mobile phones by Russian serviceman at the school, which revealed their location to the Ukrainian military. The Armed Forces of Ukraine announced on the same day that 400 Russian forces had been killed in the strike, with a further 300 wounded, resulting in 700 total casualties. Igor Girkin, the former commander of separatist forces in the Donbas, said about the attack, "the number of dead and wounded runs into many hundreds". This number was, however, also challenged by others; Russian presenter Vladimir Solovyov claimed that while casualties were high, they were not close to 400. An unnamed source in Donetsk told Reuters that fewer than 100 people had died in the attack.

Paragraph 23: Kora Jahanabad is the consistency in Fatehpur district. As of 2011 India census, Kora Jahanabad had a population of 26,359 out of which males were 13,898 and females were 12,461.The average literacy rate was 72.44%, lower than the national average of 74.04%: male literacy is 78.32%, and female literacy is 65.93%. The sex ratio was 897 women per every 1000 men. Also as per Census , the Child Sex Ratio was 864. Kora Jahanabad has a Municipal Body Called Nagar Panchayat Kora Jahanabad. The First Chairman or Nagar Panchayat President was Swargiya Satyadev Gupta. Swargiya Satyadev Gupta was also a Social Worker Belongs from Landlord and Powerful Political Family Of Jahanabad. So, Many Social Works Done By him and Many Lands Are Also Donated By him Such As Town Area Or Nagar Panchayat Land, Power House Land, Ram Leela Maidan, and Many more Lands. In 1952, First, Member Of Legislative Assembly or MLA or Vidhayak Of Jahanabad is Contested Election By the Support Of Swargiya Satyapal Gupta Lamabardar and All Financial Expenses and Muscle Power Of Election are Picked up By Him. Satyapal Gupta [Lambardar] Was Also a Social Worker and has Donated Many Lands Such As in Bhoodan Andolan he Donated 40 Acres Land Near Khajua , Arya Samaj Temple Land in Jahanabad, Adarsh Inter College Land in Jahanabad, Balika Vidhyalaya Land in Jahanabad. He is Also a Founder of Adarsh Inter College, Jahanabad. Swargiya Satyapal Gupta [Lambardar] and Swargiya Satyadev Gupta [Ex-Chairman] is Very Famous Personality.His Name and Fame is Spread Over Many Districts of Central Uttar Pradesh. About All Ministers, MP's & MLA's are Keeps on Coming. This Landlord Family Has Also a Big and Famous Hindu Temple Called Ram Janki Dham or Ram Talai Mandir in Jahanabad. Currently, Mr. Mukul Gupta is the Sarvakaar of Ram Janki Dham or Ram Talai Mandir. Currently, Smt. Rabiya Khatoon is Chairman of Nagar Panchayat Kora Jahanabad.

Paragraph 24: Chinese money trees (Traditional Chinese: 搖錢樹; Simplified Chinese: 摇钱树; Pinyin: yáo qián shù), or shengxianshu, ("immortal ascension trees"), are tree-like assemblies of charms, with the leaves made from numismatic charm replicas of cash coins. These money trees should not be with coin trees which are a by-product of the manufacture of cash coins, but due to their similarities it is thought by some experts that they may have been related. Various legends from China dating to the Three Kingdoms period mention a tree that if shaken would cause coins to fall from its branches. Money trees as a charm have been found in Southwest Chinese tombs from the Han dynasty, and are believed to have been placed there to help guide the dead to the afterlife and provide them with monetary support. According to one myth, a farmer watered the money tree seed with his sweat and watered its sapling with his blood, after which the mature tree provided eternal wealth; this implies a moral that one can only become wealthy through their own toil. Literary sources claim that the origin of the money tree lies with the Chinese word for "copper" (銅, tóng) which is pronounced similar to the word for "the Paulownia tree" (桐, tóng). The leaves of the Paulownia become yellow in autumn and take on the appearance of gold or bronze cash coins. Chen Shou (陳壽) mentions in the Records of the Three Kingdoms that a man named Bing Yuan (邴原) walked upon a string of cash coins while strolling and, unable to discover the owner, hung it in a nearby tree; other passersby noticed this string and began hanging coins in the tree with the assumption that it was a holy tree and made wishes for wealth and luck. The earliest money trees, however, date to the Han dynasty in present-day Sichuan and a Taoist religious order named the Way of the Five Pecks of Rice. Archeoloigsts uncovered money trees as tall as , decorated with many strings of cash coins, little bronze dogs, bats, Chinese deities, elephants, deer, phoenixes, and dragons, with a bronze frame and a base of pottery. Both the inscriptions and calligraphy found on Chinese money trees match those of contemporary Chinese cash coins, which typically featured replicas of Wu Zhu (五銖) coins during the Han dynasty while those from the Three Kingdoms period had inscriptions such as "Liang Zhu" (兩銖).

Paragraph 25: On 1 January 1949, South Africa became an independent country within the British Commonwealth of Nations. In 1949, South Africa promulgated the Citizenship Act 44, which automatically conferred Union nationality, in Sections 2 and 5 upon persons born or descended from South Africans, and in Section 2.2, upon the inhabitants who had been born in South West Africa on 2 September 1949, the date the act became operable. It specifically included those persons who had previously been stateless as defined by the mandate. Under its terms, persons who had previously been British nationals, including their wives who had previously been British subjects, or persons who were born or legally domiciled the Union or in South West Africa were considered Union nationals. For those born after the effective date of the statue, nationality was derived at birth by being born in the territory to a father who was neither an enemy alien, prohibited immigrant, nor who had diplomatic immunity; or born abroad to a father who was born in South Africa or South West Africa, or to a father who was naturalised as South African; and could only be acquired through a South African mother if the child was illegitimate. Commonwealth citizens were allowed to obtain nationality through registration after a cumulative residency of four years over a six-year period. Naturalisation required a literacy in a language of the Union, evidence of no confinement for offences or mental illness, and proof of a cumulative residency of five years over a seven-year period. Wives of South Africans who were lawful residents for three years were able to naturalise. Women gained independent nationality under the 1949 statute. In 1960, Ethiopia and Libya instituted proceedings in the International Court of Justice against South Africa for breaching their obligations toward South West Africa under their trusteeship, but were found not to have standing.

Paragraph 26: At approximately  in length, Carling Avenue begins at the fringes of the Glebe neighbourhood and runs in a straight direction west until the Ottawa River where it bends north to go around Crystal Bay and Britannia Bay and ends north of Kanata. It used to begin at O'Connor Street, one block east of Bank Street, but the part east of Bronson was renamed Glebe Avenue on February 7, 1974. It is a four to six-lane principal arterial road for most of its urban length, with a speed limit of . The portion through the Greenbelt and into Kanata is generally a two-lane rural highway (although widening is planned, which would also remove a substandard underpass in the 3700 block about midway between March Road and Moodie Drive), with a speed limit of .

Paragraph 27: In Game 1, Herb Pennock pitched the Yankees to a 2–1 win over the Cards. In Game 2, pitcher Grover Cleveland Alexander evened the Series for St. Louis with a 6–2 victory. Knuckleballer Jesse Haines' shutout in Game 3 gave St. Louis a 2–1 Series lead. In the Yankees' 10–5 Game 4 win, Babe Ruth hit three home runs, a World Series record equaled only four times since. According to newspaper reports, Ruth had promised a sickly boy named Johnny Sylvester to hit a home run for him in Game 4. After Ruth's three-homer game, the boy's condition miraculously improved. The newspapers' account of the story is disputed by contemporary baseball historians, but it remains one of the most famous anecdotes in baseball history. Pennock again won for the Yankees in Game 5, 3–2.

Paragraph 28: At first, Woo is unconcerned about the matchmaking mismatch, but when told that Tim is a Virgo, she decides it is fate, jumps at the chance, and immediately heads for Tim's apartment. Meanwhile, Tim, who can't believe his luck, goes next door to his neighbor Darryl (LL Cool J) for tips on romancing women. Darryl supplies Tim with incense, edible body oils, and a tape of sexy songs. When Woo arrives, Tim is completely smitten. Woo, however, discovers that Tim is far from her imagined sexy, spontaneous stud. Seeing through Tim's pseudo-cool act, she humiliates and teases him. They are just about to leave Tim's apartment when Tim is visited by three of his pals: Frankie (Duane Martin), Hop (Darrel Heath), and Romaine (Michael Ralph). The trio's chauvinistic attitude irritates Woo, so she retaliates and freaks them out by acting insane. Finally, the date gets underway. Woo and Tim arrive at a stuffy Italian restaurant, but Woo's behavior gets them thrown out. They go to a dance club, where Tim is punched out by Woo's ex-boyfriend, whom Woo punches back. Tim repeatedly suffers many other misfortunes, but Woo realizes that Tim is the guy she wants. After Tim gets his car back, it is smashed to pieces. Woo offers to share her car and her life with Tim.

Paragraph 29: Anecdotally in the work 'History of Rutherglen & East Kilbride, 1793, he describes an old story handed down by country folk bearing the name of Calderwood at that time in the Shire of Ayr.'In this work a tradition is given as to the estate of Calderwood having been possessed by a family of that surname from time immemorial. This family at last, consisted of 3 sons and a daughter. The sons having unhappily quarreled with the priest of the parish and finding it not safe to remain any longer in Calderwood, fled to the Earl of Cassilis for protection who gave them the farms of Peacockbank and Moss-side in the parish of Stewarton, and 40 acre lands in Kyle. The sister who was left in Kilbride, was married to a Maxwell, and got by the marriage, the whole of her fathers estate.' Since this anecdote does not appear to rely on any existing primary evidence, and as primary evidence itself negates the story by proving the estate of Calderwood came to the Maxwells via a marriage to the McGauckhin Family of Mearns Barony, it would appear it bears little truth. These take the form of early references in the British Library to such a marriage, although no document mentioning Calderwood and Mearns Barony are known. Surnames were assumed from places as well as professions, and within a strict historical context all that can be concluded at this time is that people descending 'of' Calderwood, either retainers or bonnet lairds within the lairdship, and perhaps many unrelated persons, adopted this surname at an early period. Sir Aymer de Maxwell (1200-1264), the Great Chamberlin of Scotland who gained several Sheriffdoms, was the father of Sir John Maxwell of Pollok,  also known as Sir John Maxwell of Calderwood (b. 1243), who was the first likely owner of Calderwood Barony from c. 1270 to 1306. The first Maxwell castle was built after the year 1400 when it became a distinct lairdship from Pollok in need of protection as a family seat of the newly created 'Maxwells of Calderwood. This building may have occupied the site of an earlier defensive structure, as Calderwood is mentioned in the 1296 Ragman's Roll and the promontory is the only natural place in the area which lends itself to defence, although its visual prospect is greatly limited. The Building went through a series of changes over the centuries, with the most recent gothic revival edifice being was sold in 1904 to the Scottish Co-operative Wholesale Society, then the UK Government, private ownership, and finally the East Kilbride Development Corporation, who demolished the last traces of the Victorian mansion in 1951.

Paragraph 30: In a lecture he gave to the Neurological Society of New York in 1909, Huntington said:“Over fifty years ago in riding with my father on his professional rounds, I saw my first cases of ‘the disorder,’ which was the way in which the natives always referred to the dreaded disease. I recall it as vividly as though it had occurred yesterday. It made a most enduring impression upon my boyish mind, an impression every detail of which I recall today, an impression which was the very first impulse to my choosing chorea as my virgin contribution to medical lore. Driving with my father through a wooded road leading from Easthampton to Amagansett, we suddenly came upon two women, mother and daughter, both bowing, twisting, grimacing. I stared in wonderment, almost in fear. What could it mean? My father paused to speak with them, and we passed on. Then my Gamaliel-like instruction began; my medical instruction had its inception. From this point, my interest in the disease has never wholly ceased.”He took advantage of his father’s and grandfather’s notes on the disease that had caught his attention since childhood, and diagnosed many cases. The manuscript of his article about hyperkinesia, in which he described the disease bearing his name, was probably worked on during this time. In an original manuscript preserved by his father, he had made suggestions for reforms and additions. It is likely that Huntington had his unpublished manuscript with him when he left East Hampton.