Paragraph 1: After the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–78, Sheikh Ubeydullah began his rebellion in 1880 to create an independent Kurdistan, fearing that Armenians – with European support – would carve out an independent Armenia which would include Kurdish-populated areas. Sheikh Ubeydullah opposed both Armenian and Assyrian self determination stating that he would go as far as arming women to prevent it from manifesting. Despite tensions with the Armenians, Sheikh Ubeydullah ordered his men to not harm Armenians when they commenced their invasion of Iran in September 1880. To insure this, he issued a fatwa which strictly ordered the rebels to not harm any Armenian. Moreover, the Sheikh was aware of the fact that the Sublime Porte wished to use his rebellion as an excuse to massacre the Armenian and Nestorian population in the region. Regarding this, he held a speech in Şemdinli in 1880, wherein he stated: "If until now the Sublime Porte has supported the Kurds in every way, it is done because of the desire to counter its Christian elements in Anatolia; and if the Armenians are eliminated here, the Kurds will lose their importance for the Turkish government." In a letter to the Kurdish Sheikh of Eleşkirt, Sheikh Ubeydullah also stated that he liked the Armenians much more than the Persians and the Turks. In spite of being a failure, the uprising generated sympathy among the Armenian population and Grigor Artsruni reacted by stating that: "The Armenian, Assyrian and Kurdish populations of Armenia finally are beginning to understand that they are all inhabitants of Armenia, with the same interests, that the oppression of Turkey equally troubles them all." Moreover, Kurdish schools were opened by Armenians in the mixed towns of Muş, Bitlis, Kiğı and Eleşkirt. There were also attempts to open Armenian schools in Kurdish-populated areas. The reason for this move was the belief among Armenian intellectuals that the Kurds should be wooed to prevent the Kurds from uniting with the Ottoman Empire. The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party and the Armenian Revolutionary Federation also called for cooperation with the Kurds.

Paragraph 2: The ephemeral nature of certain artistic expressions is above all a subjective concept subject to the very definition of art, a controversial term open to multiple meanings, which have oscillated and evolved over time and geographic space, since the term "art" has not been understood in the same way in all times and places. Art is a component of culture, reflecting in its conception the economic and social substrates, and the transmission of ideas and values, inherent in any human culture across space and time. However, the definition of art is open, subjective, debatable; there is no unanimous agreement among historians, Philosophers or Artists. In classical Greco-Roman antiquity, one of the main cradles of Western civilisation and the first culture to reflect on art, art was considered to be a human ability in any productive field, practically a synonym for "skill". In the 2nd century Galen divided art into liberal arts and vulgar arts, according to whether they had an intellectual or manual origin. The liberal arts included grammar, rhetoric and dialectics – which formed the trivium – and arithmetic, geometry, astronomy and music – which formed the quadrivium; the vulgar arts included architecture, sculpture and painting, but also other activities that are nowadays considered Crafts. In the 16th century, architecture, painting and sculpture began to be seen as activities that required not only craft and skill, but also a kind of intellectual conception that made them superior to other kinds of crafts. Thus was born the modern concept of art, which during the Renaissance acquired the name of arti del disegno (arts of design), since it was understood that this activity – designing – was the main activity in the genesis of works of art. Later, expressions such as music, poetry and dance were considered artistic activities, and in 1746 Charles Batteux established in The Fine Arts Reduced to a Single Principle the current conception of Fine arts, a term that has become successful and has survived to the present day. However, attempts to establish some basic criteria as to which expressions can be considered art and which cannot have been somewhat unsuccessful, producing in a way the opposite effect and accentuating even more the lack of definition of art, which today is an open and interpretable concept, where many formulas and conceptions fit, although a minimum common denominator based on aesthetic and expressive qualities, as well as a component of creativity, is generally accepted. Currently, to the traditional classification of the arts, certain critics and historians have added expressions such as photography, cinematography, comics, theatre, television, fashion, advertising, animation, Video games, etc., and there is still some disagreement about other types of expressive activities.

Paragraph 3: Portugal remained for a long time immersed in the Gothic, especially of Flemish origin, and belatedly received the classical influence, which only began to be noticed with more vigor in the early 16th century, exactly when it began to decline in its place of origin. The Portuguese contact with the classical world was, therefore, mainly through the Mannerist filter. At the end of the reign of Manuel I of Portugal, contact with Italy intensified, either directly or through Spain, and an Italianized style began to appear that reflected more, among all the Mannerist strands, the Roman fashion. Among its most important precursors was Francisco de Holanda, who studied in Rome and when he returned to his country was a great disseminator of the new aesthetic through his work as an architect, decorator, painter, and treatise writer. Several other Portuguese artists received royal scholarships to study in Italy, and some notable Italian architects settled in Portugal. At the same time, important treatises on architecture began to circulate, such as Medidas del Romano, by the Spaniard Diego de Sagredo, and De Architettura, by the Italian Sebastiano Serlio, along with the introduction of a large number of Italian engravings, which exerted a decisive influence, along with the royal scholarship painters, on the renewal of painting, causing the new current to begin a great flowering in all artistic modalities. Minor Moorish, French, and Germanic influences added even more variety to the scene. In the words of Vítor SerrãoThe anti-Classical theorizing principles were to lead to a long and brilliant cycle of Mannerist architecture during the reign of John III of Portugal, which significantly modified the constructive landscape in Portugal and in the overseas possessions, and whose extension - abnormal in relation to any other European area - extended beyond the reign of John V of Portugal, constituting a factor of resistance to the outbreak of the international Baroque. Renowned Italian engineers and architects settled in our country, such as Benedict of Ravenna and Filippo Terzi, Giovanni Battista Antonelli and Giovanni Vincenzo Casale (and, later, Leonardo Turrano), contributed decisively to the full acceptance, in the Portuguese Empire, of a Mannerist architecture with a sui generis feture, curiously with a much more extensive chronological development than the other artistic branches, which already in the first third of the 17th century received the naturalistic influxes of the Baroque.Portuguese painting was particularly sensitive to influences from Italy, which our more erudite workshops picked up (directly and almost immediately) - a statement that is based on an analysis of the pictorial legacy of the same period. Adriano de Gusmão, who talks about the importance of a Flemish diffusion route when he considers that it was still through Antwerp - as it had been before - that our painting was converted to the Mannerist models, does not exclude "the simultaneous and probable direct contact of some of our artists with Italian means", suggested by the clear influence of Vasari that can be seen in some Portuguese altarpieces of the time, not only in the composition but also in the color.

Paragraph 4: However, throughout the 15th and 16th centuries a number of Converso families migrated to the Netherlands, France and eventually Italy, from where they joined other expeditions to the Americas. Others migrated to England or France and accompanied their colonists as traders and merchants. By the late 16th century, fully functioning Jewish communities were founded in the Portuguese colony of Brazil, the Dutch Suriname and Curaçao; Spanish Santo Domingo, and the English colonies of Jamaica and Barbados. In addition, there were unorganized communities of Jews in Spanish and Portuguese territories where the Inquisition was active, including Colombia, Cuba, Puerto Rico, Mexico and Peru. Many in such communities were crypto-Jews, who had generally concealed their identity from the authorities.

Paragraph 5: One of the most respected and pioneering BMX bicycle models is named after him: The P.K. Ripper manufactured by Scot Enterprises (SE) Racing. It was one of the first production BMX bicycles to be made from aluminum. It is a metal that was difficult to work with vis-à-vis bicycle frame construction and fragile if not manufactured correctly. As a result it was also more expensive than typical steel bicycles. The P.K. Ripper was one of the first aluminum framed BMX bicycles that was reliable and durable for racing and competitively priced. It was in many ways ahead of its time. The fact that it resembles a modern BMX bicycle is no accident; most modern BMX race bicycles are usually made from aluminum. Like the P.K., modern aluminum bicycle frames have oversized flattened downtubes and toptubes which was called on the Ripper (and a pioneering S.E. Racing BMX Cruiser) "Floval" by the founder of S.E. Racing Scot Breithaupt. Also, there is a pro cruiser by S.E. called the "floval flyer," a very unusual-looking bicycle at the time, as was the "exotic" material it was fabricated from. When introduced, most BMX bicycles were made from either hi-tensile steel or more expensive but stronger chromium-molybdenum steel. Chromium-molybdenum steel, commonly known as "Chromoly", while more expensive than high-tensile steel, it was cheaper than aluminum, in part it was much easier to fabricate and more reliable in terms of durability than most other aluminum framed race bicycles on the market at the time. Aluminum, while significantly lighter and much less subject to corrosion than chromoly steel, is more brittle and less resilient than chromoly. The frame must be absolutely stiff or it is subject to failing abruptly, i.e. snapping in two suddenly. It will succumb from metal fatigue at a much faster rate, especially if it is subjected to flexing. This is why the tubes of an aluminum frame are both of a larger diameter and are thicker walled than chromoly tubes, to maintain stiffness. Further, aluminum is harder to weld. The welds have to be extra strong and "double butted" and thorough which gives the aluminum frame with its very obvious beaded welds an "unfinished" look, as if someone forgot to sand them down at the factory to give it the clean, almost one-piece look of a chromoly frame. As a result, the weight advantage of aluminum is reduced significantly, in addition to it higher fabrication cost. For these reasons, the Chromoly steel frame and fork was the standard of BMX racing and freestyle for twenty years. Only in the mid-1990s, as manufacturing advances - many pioneered in the construction of a mountain bike frame - made aluminum cheaper and easier to work with, did aluminum-framed race and freestyle bicycles begin to supplant chromoly. Today the aluminum BMX bicycle frame is the standard, and the modern iteration of the P. K. Ripper is still manufactured by SE (now called Sports Engineering) Racing.

Paragraph 6: Hay also served in the War of 1812 between Britain and America, and commanded the 100th Regiment of Foot at the Battle of Chippawa in July 1814. As the redcoats of the 1/1st (Royal Scots) Foot and 100th Regiments moved forward, their own artillery had to stop firing in order to avoid hitting them. Meanwhile, the American gunners switched from firing roundshot to firing canister, with lethal consequences for the British infantry. Once the opposing lines had closed to less than 100 yards apart, General Winfield Scott of the United States Army advanced his wings, forming his brigade into a "U" shape which allowed his flanking units to catch the British advancing troops in a heavy crossfire. Hay made an attempt to fight to the death but was taken prisoner of war by the Americans. He was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1815. After the War he returned to Scotland and improved his family estate at Yester. From 1818 to 1820 he served as Pro-Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Scotland. He was elected a representative peer for Scotland in July 1818, appointed Knight of the Thistle in 1820 and became Lord Lieutenant of East Lothian in February 1823. He was also promoted to colonel on 27 May 1825 and to major-general on 10 May 1837. Meanwhile, on his estate, he developed an improved method of making tiles for draining which was patented in October 1839.

Paragraph 7: Donald E. Hall on the now-defunct glbtq Encyclopedia Project extensively focused on bisexual literature, noting that while bisexual experiences appear throughout literature, it is often not discussed from a bisexual perspective, with specific or implied evidence of erotic activity by a single character with another character is considered as evidence of their "primary sexual orientation" as heterosexual or homosexual, relying on an existing gender binary, leading to bisexual erasure. Hall aimed to counter this trend, first highlighting specific theories of bisexuality posed by Sigmund Freud, Wilhelm Stekel, and Fred Klein, then noting that bisexuality existed among ancient Greeks and Romans, with mention in works by "Homer, Anacreon...Pindar...Plutarch, Cicero, and Catullus," along with vaue references in Satyricon by Petronius and in the "life and work of Sappho". The project also pointed to bisexual themes in sonnets by William Shakespeare and Marlowe, in the activities by French writer Madame de La Fayette and English poet Katherine Philips, and the writings of Lord Byron. Erotic Victorian works such as The Adventures of a Schoolboy (1866) and My Secret Life (1888) were noted as having bisexual themes. Hall also pointed to the title character in Mademoiselle de Maupin (1835) as "explicitly bisexual," the love affairs of a poet named Paul Verlaine, the works of Walt Whitman, the poetry of Emily Dickinson, and the works of Oscar Wilde. Further, it was noted that early twentieth century works revolve around the idea of a "true" heterosexual or homosexual identity, even within works with bisexual characters like Maurice (1914), The Well of Loneliness (1928), and Orlando: A Biography (1928). Hall said this is because bisexual appeared in this literature in a "a tortured, tense state," citing many novels by D. H. Lawrence, while later novels like Brideshead Revisited (1945) and Giovanni's Room (1956) portrayed bisexuality as a phase that characters need to move past to avoid "personal disaster." Countering this, the project stated, were the afterward of The City and the Pillar(1948), works by Colette, the French novelist, the sci-fi novel The Left Hand of Darkness (1969), Woman on the Edge of Time (1976), The Color Purple (1982) as well in the works of Hélène Cixous and Kate Millett. Furthermore, the short stories of Paul Bowles, Ancient Evenings (1983), The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon (1991), the "works of David Leavitt and the poet Gavin Dillard" for their positive bisexual representation. Finally, Hall concluded with a call for action:

Paragraph 8: The Chair is an American game show that was created by Julie Christie, Darryl McEwen and Brian Bigg for Touchdown Television (now Eyeworks Touchdown). Although The Chair was originally developed in New Zealand, the first country where the program aired in was the United States. The American version, which was hosted by former tennis champion John McEnroe, aired on ABC for nine episodes from January 15 to March 4, 2002; the American version would be canceled with four episodes remaining unaired of its original 13-episode order. McEnroe would later host the British version, which aired between August 31 and November 9, 2002, on BBC One. Among the show's writers was writer/actress Teresa Strasser, who had served on ABC's Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? and later hosted While You Were Out.

Paragraph 9: On 22 October 2013, following the sacking of Branko Ivanković, Mamić was named caretaker manager of Dinamo Zagreb by his brother and the club chairman Zdravko Mamić. This was the second time in only two months that he was appointed as interim coach, as he (together with Damir Krznar) had taken over the team from Dinamo's previous coach Krunoslav Jurčić after their 2–0 home defeat against Austria Wien in the Champions League play-off in August 2013. He ended his first match as interim coach with an away win against Slaven Belupo. A week later, Dinamo faced Austria Wien in the second leg of the Champions League play-offs. In Vienna, Mamić and Krznar led Dinamo to a 3–2 win, failing to clinch a spot in the Champions League group stage in the last 10 minutes of the match, as Dinamo had a 3–1 lead. After sacking of coach Ivanković, Mamić was again appointed as interim coach. He chose former Dinamo Zagreb players, Damir Krznar and Igor Cvitanović, to be his assistants. In November 2013, after string of positive results, including an 0–0 match against PSV Eindhoven in the Europa League, Mamić suffered his first defeat as Dinamo Zagreb coach, in away match against PSV Eindhoven. In December 2013, Mamić led Dinamo to one of their biggest Eternal Derby triumphs against Hajduk Split, when they won 5–0 in the Croatian Cup quarter-finals. Mamić was led Dinamo to another Champions League season in 2015–16, after a total 6–2 aggregate win against KF Skënderbeu Korçë in the play-off round. In the group stage, Dimano started with a shocking 2–1 home win over Arsenal. With Arsenal further losing to Olympiacos, Dinamo Zagreb was favored to at least manage third place in the group, and secure Europa League Round of 32. However, Dinamo lost the remainder of their matches and were eliminated as last in the group. Mamić still hailed the campaign as the most memorable, due to the historic win against Arsenal.

Paragraph 10: Numbers (stylized as NUMB3RS) is an American crime drama television series that was broadcast on CBS from January 23, 2005, to March 12, 2010, for six seasons and 118 episodes. The series was created by Nicolas Falacci and Cheryl Heuton, and follows FBI Special Agent Don Eppes (Rob Morrow) and his brother Charlie Eppes (David Krumholtz), a college mathematics professor and prodigy, who helps Don solve crimes for the FBI. Brothers Ridley and Tony Scott produced Numbers; its production companies are the Scott brothers' Scott Free Productions and CBS Television Studios (originally Paramount Network Television, and later CBS Paramount Network Television).

Paragraph 11: Lord Bridport had been replaced as commander of the Channel Fleet by Admiral Lord St Vincent in mid-1799, and the long blockade cruises were sustained throughout the winter and into the following year. On 20 April 1800 Puget was superseded as commander by Captain Edward Marsh. Marsh commanded Temeraire through the remainder of that year and for the first half of 1801, until his replacement, Captain Thomas Eyles, arrived to resume command on 31 August. Rear Admiral Whitshed had also struck his flag by now, and Temeraire became the flagship of Rear Admiral George Campbell. By this time the Second Coalition against France had collapsed, and negotiations for peace were underway at Amiens. Lord St Vincent had been promoted to First Lord of the Admiralty, and command of the Channel Fleet passed to Admiral Sir William Cornwallis. With the end of the war imminent, Temeraire was taken off blockade duty and sent to Bantry Bay to await the arrival of a convoy, which she would then escort to the West Indies. Many of the crew had been serving continuously in the navy since the start of the French Revolutionary Wars in 1793, and had looked forward to returning to England now that peace seemed imminent. On hearing rumours that instead they were to be sent to the West Indies, around a dozen men began to agitate for the rest of the crew to refuse orders to sail for anywhere but England.

Paragraph 12: . The prevalence and frequency of pretense increases between 1 and a half to 2 and a half years of age. The first stage of pretense generally starts with object substitution. By 3 years, a child can easily distinguish between real life events and pretense. Children within 3 to 6 years, who have acclimated to pretend play, show an increase in interactive pretend play. This means that they participate in self-other relations, giving the doll a more active role (e.g., driving a car) instead of a passive recipient role (e.g., being fed). At the age of three, children's pretense remains close to their real life experiences. A three-year-old girl may pretend that she and her mother are going grocery shopping. In this case, both her role in the relationship and the activity she is taking part in are literal. There is then an increase in the mastery of role play within the ages of 4 and 5 years. During the fifth year, the child shows ability to incorporate forms of relationships into their play. They are no longer limited to the role of child, instead, they can be a parent or a spouse, or expand further by adopting the role of members in society such as policemen, doctors and so forth.

Paragraph 13: First passing just south of Ireland on August 25, the storm dropped heavy rainfall and brought strong winds, significantly affecting the coastline where winds of  were reported. Rainfall spread across the entire country, peaking at  in Kippure mountain. There, a station reported more than  in 24 hours, which set the record for the greatest daily rainfall total in the country. Several 24-hour rainfall records were set during the storm, and new six-hour and twelve-hour record totals at Casement Aerodrome were set with , respectively. The rainfall left some areas flooded, particularly in the Dublin area where 451 buildings were inundated, some up to a depth of . Preliminarily, it was described as the worst flooding in the history of Dublin. Two small rivers, the Dodder and the Dargle, overflowed their banks due to the rainfall. The River Dargle overflowed in Bray, flooding some areas up to a depth of  and forcing about 1,000 people to evacuate; several special-needs people were evacuated by boat. The flood, which originated about one mile north of the town, damaged over 500 houses and brought down several trees. Despite local politicians promising for flood protection after the flood, the town remained vulnerable to such flooding at least 20 years after the storm. The River Dodder, which also overflowed, nearly exceeded the reservoir dam in Bohernabreena in South Dublin (flooding on the Dodder has been a periodic problem for centuries). Additional spillways were later added in the event of another similar flood. In the Wicklow Mountains, the rainfall resulted in significant runoff, which caused erosion along the Cloghoge River. The passage of the storm left heavy crop damage, part of a larger period of poor agriculture in the country. Throughout the country, the storm caused at least thirteen deaths, four of which were drownings in flooded rivers; one death was caused by a heart attack while being evacuated from flooding. Two months after the storm struck, the government of Ireland allocated IR£6,449,000 (1986 IEP, $8,650,000 1986 USD) to repair roads and bridges damaged by the weather system.

Paragraph 14: Benjamin Paaßen has argued that because video game culture has long been a space dominated by heterosexual men, the video game industry tends to cater to this particularly lucrative audience, producing video games that reflect the desires of the heterosexual male gaze.  He further argues that this lack of representation of alternate identities in video games has caused gamers who divert from the dominant demographic to be often relegated to the margins of the culture.  This process is thus seen to perpetuate the stereotypical image of the geeky, heterosexual male gamer as the ruler of the video game world.  Contrary to popular belief, there are a multitude of communities within video game culture that do not fulfill the typical gamer stereotype.  The problem is that they lack visibility.  One reason for this is that many people do not want to reveal their association with video game culture out of fear of stigmatization.  Past research has shown this to be the case for the female gamer.  Because women in video game culture are often ostracized by their male gamer counterparts, female gamers are frequently forced to conceal their gender, only participating in video game culture when they can remain anonymous. When concealing their identities, females gamers try to change their voice when talking online, they will play as a male character instead of a female character followed by some kind of masculine name. Doing this, however, can make video games less fun and exciting and could cause the player just quit the game. On the other hand, it's different for the male gamer. Like girl gamers would choose a male character to play as the male gamer would sometimes choose a girl character to play as. But for the male to pick a girl character is very common in the culture. According to Bosson, Prewitt-Freilino, and Taylor, male gamers who try to be female characters are not harassed as much as girl gamers since the male gamers can simply undo the change or just reveal their true identities as a male which reduces the harassing.

Paragraph 15: Three principal volcanoes comprise the southern segment along with several smaller edifies. The largest and youngest principal volcano, Mount Garibaldi, is a dissected stratovolcano that began its formation 250,000 years ago. This eruptive period built a broad composite cone made of dacite and breccia. Parts of this "proto-Garibaldi" or ancestral volcano are exposed on Garibaldi's lower northern and eastern flanks and on the upper  of Brohm Ridge. Around where Columnar Peak and possibly Glacier Pikes are now located, a series of coalescing dacite lava domes were constructed. During the ensuing long period of dormancy, the Cheekye River cut a deep valley into the cone's western flank that was later filled with a glacier. After reaching its maximum extent the Cheekye Glacier and Cordilleran Ice Sheet were covered with volcanic ash and fragmental debris from Garibaldi. This period of growth began with the eruption of the Atwell Peak plug dome about 13,000 years ago from a ridge surrounded by the ice sheet. As the plug dome grew, massive sheets of broken lava crumbled as talus down its sides. Numerous Peléan pyroclastic flows accompanied these cooler avalanches, forming a  fragmental cone and an overall slope of 12 to 15 degrees. Some of the glacial ice was melted by the eruptions, forming a small lake against Brohm Ridge's southern arm. The volcanic sandstones seen today atop Brohm Ridge were created by ash settling in this lake. Glacial overlap was most significant on the west and somewhat to the south. Subsequent melting of the Cordilleran Ice Sheet and its component glaciers initiated a series of avalanches and mudflows on Garibaldi's western flank that moved nearly half of the original cone's volume into the Squamish Valley where it covers  to a thickness of about . Gaps left by melting ice caused minor to moderate cone distortion where the Cordilleran Ice Sheet was thin and major distortion where it was thick. The ice was thickest in and thus cone distortion was greatest over the buried Cheekye valley. Later volcanism occurred from Dalton Dome, which forms Garibaldi's western summit. Lava flows mantled the landslide headwall on Garibaldi's western flank. Around the same time, a voluminous dacite lava flow from Opal Cone travelled  down Ring Creek on Garibaldi's southeastern flank without encountering any residual glacial ice. These latest eruptions of Mount Garibaldi occurred in the early Holocene shortly after remains of the Cordilleran Ice Sheet retreated in regional valleys between 10,700 and 9,300 years ago.

Paragraph 16: Raised in a musical family, Hudson attended Boys Town School in Kingston, where he organized school concerts with schoolmates including Bob Marley, Delroy Wilson, and Ken Boothe. He was an ardent follower of Coxsone Dodd's Downbeat sound system and was soon hanging out with musicians such as Don Drummond, carrying his trombone into sessions at Dodd's Brentford Road studio when he was around fourteen. He first release circa 1969 was "Shades of Hudson" by DJ Dennis Alcapone on his own Inbidimts label, using a rocksteady track that had been recorded a few years before. After leaving school he served an apprenticeship in dentistry, and used these skills to raise money for recording sessions. In the same year he obtained some Termites and Carl Bryan rocksteady rhythms from Olympic Records, and recorded new vocals over them, such as "Old Broom" and "You Must be Popular". These early 45s on his own Imbidmts and Rebind labels enjoyed sufficient success to enable him to purchase some studio time of his own. His first recording session produced Ken Boothe's Jamaican hit "Old Fashioned Way", later versioned by Dennis Alcapone as "Spanish Omega" and U Roy as "Dynamic Fashion Way". In the following months he worked with vocalists Delroy Wilson ("Run, Run"), Alton Ellis, Bunny Gale and John Holt ("Never Will I Hurt My Baby"). He was one of the first to record DJ U-Roy in 1969, although U-Roy's first recording had in fact been made with Peter Tosh for Lee Perry – "Earth's Rightful Ruler".  Other deejay productions included numerous tunes with Dennis Alcapone (e.g. "Shades of Hudson"), and Big Youth's "S.90 Skank" released in 1972 became the deejay's biggest hit, with added motorcycle noises recorded in the studio beginning a trend followed by other producers such as Dodd and Perry. In the first half of the 1970s he regularly used the Soul Syndicate band, featuring George "Fully" Fullwood and Carlton "Santa" Davis.

Paragraph 17: Naturalized epistemology (a term coined by W. V. O. Quine) is a collection of philosophic views concerned with the theory of knowledge that emphasize the role of natural scientific methods. This shared emphasis on scientific methods of studying knowledge shifts focus to the empirical processes of knowledge acquisition and away from many traditional philosophical questions. There are noteworthy distinctions within naturalized epistemology. Replacement naturalism maintains that traditional epistemology should be abandoned and  replaced with the methodologies of the natural sciences.  The general thesis of cooperative naturalism is that traditional epistemology can benefit in its inquiry by using the knowledge we have gained from the cognitive sciences.  Substantive naturalism focuses on an asserted equality of facts of knowledge and natural facts.  

Paragraph 18: Dr. Ruth K.M. Pfau Hospital was founded as The Civil Hospital Karachi in 1898 in the wake of a third pandemic of Bubonic Plague on the one hand, and the diamond jubilee of Queen Victoria on the other. The pandemic would kill at least an estimated 10 million people in India alone over a period of 20 years. It is important to mention the status of Karachi at that time. Karachi was not the business center. Towards the close of the nineteenth century, Karachi emerged as the cleanest city towards this side of the Suez Canal, with an estimated population of 105,000 which continued to grow in view of its strategic importance. Lord Curzon the Viceroy of India visited the hospital in 1900 and unveiled a commemorative plaque to mark the platinum jubilee of Queen Victoria. The plaque is placed in the same spot, which was initially a nursing school and subsequently transformed into a state-of-the-art Burns Center in what is known till today as the Victoria Block or the Jubilee Block, while the entire building is heritage-protected by the provincial Department of Culture allowing for repairs and renovation but eschewing any structural change in its original design. The hospital continued to function efficiently until independence as the principal hospital of Karachi and received tremendous impetus after 1945 when the then Governor of Sindh Sir Hugh Dow transferred the medical school provisionally recognized by the Bombay University from Hyderabad to Karachi and laid the foundation of the Dow Medical College in its present location on 10 December 1945, with the Dr. Ruth K.M. Pfau Hospital attached to it as a teaching hospital. The creation of a new state of Pakistan brought with it the need for a massive relief and rehabilitation efforts for hundreds of thousands of migrated people pouring in from India and addressing all their basic needs including health needs through a largely inadequate and unprepared system. A visitor's book maintained during the late fifties and early sixties indicates that Dr. Ruth K.M. Pfau Hospital was frequented by several dignitaries such as government ministers, ambassadors and eminent personalities visiting Pakistan. A 1961 entry by Lady Bird Johnson then spouse of the Vice President of the USA is particularly revealing: It reads: "This has been a visit both heart-breaking and rewarding. My hat is off to you women doctors!".

Paragraph 19: For the final session, the track was cooling down and German Nico Rosberg was told to think about that in his warm up lap. He was the first to set a timed lap early on with six minutes remaining in the session. The top speed of his car down the long back straight was only 314 km/h as he hit the 7th gear rev-limiter meaning that Mercedes cars didn't have the highest top speed but rather made up time through a better acceleration through the f-duct system as he was one of the quickest past the start/finish line speed trap. Rosberg posted a 1:35.121 which was by far the fastest time of the weekend so far. Teammate Michael Schumacher was half a second slower than Rosberg, as was Hamilton, further highlighting how good Rosberg's lap was. Schumacher on his radio was told Rosberg's lap time and in reply said "not bad". After seeing Webber more than a second off his fastest lap time, Rosberg got out of his car with just under two minutes still left in the session. After confidently leaving his Mercedes, Rosberg watched everyone else fall short of his time and claimed his first pole position of his 111-race career. Following him was Hamilton half a second off (who lined up 7th on the grid after a gearbox change incurred a 5 place grid penalty) and teammate Schumacher in 3rd. Kamui Kobayashi qualified 4th fastest in his best ever qualifying result of his Formula One career to date. His previous best qualifying result was 7th in his home race at the 2011 Japanese Grand Prix. Räikkönen, like in Malaysia, posted the 5th quickest time while Button was more than a second from Rosberg's time in 6th. Webber, in the Red Bull, was 7th while Pérez, in the second Sauber, was an impressive 8th with - like his teammate -  his best ever qualifying result in his Formula One career to date. His previous best was a 9th in the 2011 Belgian Grand Prix. Alonso, like Räikkönen, was in the same position as the Malaysia qualifying session and lined up on the grid in 9th, while Grojean in the second Lotus didn't complete a timed lap and hence was 10th. In another milestone, it was the first time that both Saubers had qualified in the top 10 since the 2009 season when team were known as BMW Sauber.

Paragraph 20: Prince Edward, Prince of Wales arrived in Halifax in July 1860, making this city his first stop on the first tour of North America by an heir to the British throne. Numerous arches were erected around the city to commemorate the occasion. The day after arriving, the Prince's procession traveled from Government House up Spring Garden Road toward the Public Gardens. An arch was erected by the archbishop at the foot of Spring Garden Road emblazoned with the words "Welcome to the Land of the Mayflower" and festooned with wreathes and thousands of roses. Further up the road a large arch, sponsored by General Trollope, Commander-in-Chief of His Majesty's Forces in Nova Scotia, was erected in front of the courthouse. The archway was lauded by the British Colonist newspaper as "the grandest object amongst all our displays, in or around the city, outside of the Province Building.... It is the most splendid thing of the kind we have ever seen, here or elsewhere, and evinces on the part of its designer, not only much taste but real genius." Other arches and monuments were set up outside the gardens and the Convent of the Sacred Heart.

Paragraph 21: In a letter to Herzen in 1861, Tolstoy spoke of shifting the focus of his writing back to previous historical eras:"In 1856, I began to write a tale with a certain theme, the hero of which was to have been a Decembrist returning with his family to Russia. Reluctantly I turned from the present to the year 1825, the epoch of my hero's mistakes and misfortunes, and abandoned what I had begun. But in 1825 my hero was already a grown-up family man. To understand him I had to go back to his youth, and his youth coincided with the epoch, glorious for Russia, of 1812. Once again I put aside my beginning, and started to write from the period of 1812."The story was to contrast the physical and moral vitality of the returning Decembrist exiles with the decrepitude and artificiality of his contemporaries who had stayed in Moscow's "club society". Tolstoy's aim, however, was not just to idealize the Decembrists, but to present a balanced view, similar to his other work. The Pierre and Natasha Labazov of the Decembrists share characteristics with, and are clearly the prototypes of, the Pierre and Natasha Bezukov that appear in War and Peace. Pierre is absent-minded and idealistic, while Natasha is calm and efficient. The early chapters deal with their arrival in Moscow and re-admittance into society. "Late on a winters night of 1856 one of the 'criminals of 1825' returns 'to Moscow, to the heart of Russia ... after thirty-five years' exile and a journey lasting one and a half months' accompanied by his wife and their son and daughter who had been born and brought up in Siberia.""Geographically they had been transported three thousand miles into completely different, alien surroundings, but morally they were, this evening, still at home, just the same people as their special, long, secluded family life had made them. By tomorrow this would no longer be so"

Paragraph 22: As a young man he befriended Pearl Craigie (known as John Oliver Hobbes) and this facilitated his first publication, a poem about Belgravia. In 1890 he met Aubrey Beardsley, Alfred Noyes and other writers and artists of the Yellow Book group. This environment influenced his first novel, The Intended (1894), a tragic novel about two look-alikes, one rich and the other poor, who exchange places for fun; but it had very little success. His second, Pierrot! (1896), is set during the Franco-Prussian War and deals with an ambiguous relationship between a boy French with his look-alike who acts as a psychic double, who then takes the form of a Prussian officer; all through a story of "family curses" for which it appears that the young French may be parricide. Hobbes recommended a lighter approach to the subject. Years later, Stacpoole told this story in The Man Who Lost Himself (1918); a penniless American who impersonates his rich lookalike in England; and this time it was a commercial success. It was followed by Death, the Knight, and the Lady (1897), a powerful mix of reincarnation, disguise, and uxoricide. The originality of the themes and the development was beyond doubt, but the audience was certainly not prepared. These novels, and The Rapin (1899), all failed commercially.

Paragraph 23: Around the year 1018, King Canute gave the manors of Raby and Staindrop to Durham Priory. In 1131 Prior Algar granted the manor to an Anglo-Saxon named Dolfin "son of Uhtred", the earliest recorded direct male ancestor of the great Neville family which built as their seat Raby Castle in the north part of the manor. The grant was possibly merely a confirmation of the holding by this family from before the Norman Conquest of 1066. When doing homage to the Prior for his holding he reserved his homage to the kings of England and of Scotland and to the Bishop of Durham and was "no doubt a man of consequence", probably an aristocratic Northumbrian of high birth. In February 1203-4 King John confirmed to the prior and convent all their privileges and vast possessions, including "Staindrop and Staindropshire with the church".

Paragraph 24: The team opened the season with starting quarterback Jerry Golsteyn, who had thrown only one NFL pass since 1978, and who had joined the Buccaneers the previous year while playing semi-professional football and working in an Orlando health club. Golsteyn was named the surprise starter after a strong preseason, but was demoted in favor of Jack Thompson after committing key errors in the first two games. Constant injury problems prevented the Buccaneers from establishing any consistency on offense. In addition to all offensive linemen suffering injuries, the team was left with only three healthy receivers when Kevin House pulled a muscle in the same week that Gene Branton was placed on injured reserve. The team continued the previous year's trend of needing to come back from second-half deficits, with the difference being that the team no longer had big-play potential.  Observers felt that the team performed as though they had lost the confidence that they could score points when they needed to. The Buccaneers ranked last in the league in the ratio of touchdowns scored to touchdowns allowed.  Despite the team's offensive woes, McKay refused to blame Thompson or any of the other quarterbacks, showing a patience similar to that which he showed with Doug Williams. He continued to state that Thompson was consistent and could become "a good solid quarterback", but acknowledged that he had not performed to expectations. He stated that the team would be looking to improve their quarterback situation the following year, but that the draft was expected to be short on quarterbacks, and that the team was not likely to be able to find a better player than Thompson through trades or free agency. A rumored trade for New York Giants quarterback Phil Simms never developed; Simms eventually broke his thumb and went on injured reserve. For the first three weeks of the season, the team ranked 2nd in the NFC in defense, but last in offense. The defense collapsed after the third game, allowing 55, 27, and 34 points in the next three losses. McKay said that defensive players were beginning to worry about covering for other players instead of focusing on their own position, and that the defense was breaking down as a result. He also noted that the increased booing was causing the players to tighten up and play what McKay called "scared football". After McKay threatened to punch Milwaukee Sentinel reporter Bud Lea following a 55–14 loss to the Packers, a newspaper poll showed that 92% of Florida residents felt that McKay should be fired or announce his retirement.

Paragraph 25: Despite the usually close vote between the various right-leaning parties, the Canadian Alliance, Reform and Conservative parties have consistently won here from 1993 to 2011. Since 1953, the riding and its predecessor, Esquimalt—Saanich, have only gone to a non-conservative candidate five times: 1968 to Liberal David Anderson, in 1988 to New Democrat Lynn Hunter, and in 2011, 2015 and 2019 to Green party leader Elizabeth May, who in 2015 won every poll-district within the constituency. The 1988 Conservative loss is attributed to vote splitting between the Progressive Conservatives and the new Reform party. Despite a Conservative majority in 2011, the Greens won their very first elected seat here, and has since become their only stronghold in the country. The peninsular portion of the riding is more competitive, with significant support for all parties except the Liberals. However, the Gulf Isalnds have probably the strongest Green support in the country, with many voters being environmentally conscious, moderate retirees, as well as a notable artist population. This, combined with a very popular MP in Former leader Elizabeth May, Saanich Gulf Islands becoming the safest Green riding. Even with the Green collapse nationally in 2021, May held on with 37%, although it was her lowest voteshare in the riding.

Paragraph 26: Something Fresh became local stars and Bumble Bee, feeling that Something Fresh was a bit soft, decided to change their name to Nemesis.  DJ Snake is one of the earliest Dallas based hip-hop producers that began his career as a local DJ, before helping co-found the independent Get Off Me Records in 1987. DJ Snake released his first single "Oak Cliff / Snake Beats" and helped produce for the hip-hop collective group Nemesis starting in 1988. Nemesis released their first album entitled, To Hell and Back on their independent record label, Get Off Me Records.  Bumble Bee left the group shortly after they signed with Profile Records, due to creative and philosophical differences between himself and the producers.  Eazy Roque also left soon after. This left MC Azim behind as the lone MC with the group.  Big Al, one of the group's producer/deejays then manned a microphone in order to help complete the project, and reinvent the group's sound to feature more of bass oriented sound featuring beats by DJ Snake.  Azim left the group before the release of Nemesis' 1993 Temple of Boom and was replaced by the previously solo rapper Ron C.  Long-time member DJ Snake departed two years later in 1995, but the group moved forward with releasing The People Want Bass album without him.

Paragraph 27: His books intimately recorded life as it was lived in the societies he visited, at a time when many of them were changing rapidly under the influence of industrialization. As historical sources they are of value for their pen-portraits of figures such as the "Irish Buddhist" U Dhammaloka. Young readers may find it hard to believe that the societies were true descriptions of situations of less than a century ago, but they ring true in the context of other autobiographical writings and even the fiction of those days and of many decades after. His observations and much of his wording inevitably mirror the racist attitudes and religious prejudices of his time, but it is appropriate to note from incidents retailed in works such as Zone Policeman 88, chapters II, VIII, X and elsewhere, that Franck's personal attitudes towards everyone were basically humane, unpretentious, and courteous, if informal. His tone becomes subtly acrid in retailing examples of explicit racism or other forms of inter-group insensitivity. His unconscious remarks and use of words that nowadays are unacceptable in civilised speech are mainly of interest in revealing the differences between the conventions of the day and those of say, the late 20th century.

Paragraph 28: The male red-billed streamertail is  long including the  tail streamers and weighs . The female is about  long and weighs . The adult male has a coral red bill with a black tip. It has a dull black to blue-black crown; it and the nape form a deep velvety black crest. The rest of its upperparts are bright metallic green. Its tail is black with a green to bronzy green gloss. The next to outermost pair of tail feathers is very long, giving the species its English name. The male's face and most of its underparts are metallic yellowish green; the undertail coverts are blue-black or black with a bluish gloss. The adult female's bill is a duller red than the male's. Its upperparts are metallic bronze green to greenish bronze that is duller on the crown. Its tail lacks the male's streamers. Its central pair of feathers are bright bronze green and the rest black with some bronze green gloss, and the outermost two pairs have wide white tips. Its underparts are white with metallic bronze green spots on the breast and flanks. Immature males are similar to the adult but lack the tail streamers; its tail feathers have bronze green tips.

Paragraph 29: Eventually, the agents find footage of Division agent Aaron Keener going rogue and killing other agents, having gone insane after witnessing the chaos and destruction caused during the breakdown of order following the initial outbreak. It is also discovered Keener and the rest of the first wave of agents who went rogue along with him are assisting the "Last Man Battalion" (LMB), an equally rogue private military company that was abandoned by the government during the evacuation, and are now hostile to it. Working together, these two groups destroyed the VTOL and killed the Commander to weaken Division operations in New York. Intercepting a signal from the Russian consulate, the agents attempt to rescue Vitaly Tchernenko, a Russian virologist who claims to have information on the Green Poison. However, he is kidnapped by Keener and the LMB before the Division can reach him. After helping the JTF secure supplies and weapons, the JTF and Division agents launch an attack on the LMB's base, the now-evacuated United Nations headquarters. The agent finds footage of Keener and his fellow rogue agents abandoning the LMB, with Tchernenko as their prisoner. The leader of the LMB, Charles Bliss, initially escapes in a helicopter, but then returns to make a final stand alongside his men. In the end, the agent destroys the vehicle, killing Bliss. Lau informs the agent that most threats are destroyed or weakened, however the LMB was split into factions. New York is approaching stability, but an unknown signal leads the agent to a secluded laboratory. There, they find Dr. Amherst's remains, having discovered that he has died from exposure to his own virus. They also find a message from Keener, showing he has the technology to manufacture a new strain of Green Poison and intends to do so, and mysteriously tells the agent to explore the center of Manhattan, called the “Dark Zone.” The agent is informed that the information in the lab will further the development of a vaccine and is shown a recovered message from Amherst. In the message, Amherst reveals he engineered Green Poison as part of his eco-terrorist plan to decimate the human race and preserve the planet. If the player follows Keener's instructions, they will discover a message from Keener claiming that he plans to continue with Amherst's plot, as he has come to worship the virus as the judge of all humanity and plans to reverse engineer and improve it; he then offers the player a position beside him based on their actions in the Dark Zone.

Paragraph 30: The Papel territory of Bissau was in a constant state of intense warfare, particularly from 1884 to 1915, because of Portuguese and Papel forces. On the 14th of February, 1891 when the Portuguese called a meeting to adjust the current peace treaty between them, Antula, Intim and for them to submit to Portuguese authority of which only chiefs of Antula agreed to. This situation caused war to break out with the other Papel vassal states attacking the Portuguese fortress eight days later, and killing the soldiers guarding the bastions though the Portuguese defended themselves effectively until reinforcements arrived. The attack plunged the region into a state of hostilities with the Portuguese declaration of war on the next day, banning the sales of guns and gunpowder to the natives, and increasing gunboat patrols of the local waters. On the 24th of February 120 Portuguese troops accompanied by five officers marched into Papel territory, the troops were crushed by the Papels and forced to retreat. On the 9th of March that year the Portuguese once again were defeated by the Papels, and in the month of May during the Portuguese attempt under Minister Antonio Eanes to extend the wall of one of their fortresses, the Papels opened fire on them handing the Portuguese another defeat, this led to Papel warriors replacing their necklaces usually decorated with beads with the teeth of their fallen enemies. The relationship between the Papels and Portuguese were so sour that the Papels would watch the fortress continuously, waiting for people to leave, this occurred when a Cape Verdean left the fortress and was set upon by Papels and killed, they were reported to then of gathered at the top of Intim celebrating the killing with war dances and making preparations for war. This is what they got, the Portuguese on the 1st of December declared war on the Papels once again for the murder, they bombarded  Bissau with artillery pieces and would regularly enter gunfights with the Papels, this attack did not result in a Papel full out attack which confused the Portuguese into a belief of victory. The Papel lack of response was due to their mobilisation of other ethnicities into the war such as the Balanta, the Papel had planned a sneak attack on the 7th of December but even though it came as a surprise, the Portuguese were able to escape defeat due to the increased security they prepared around the fortress.