Paragraph 1: While the mounted troops pursued the beaten enemy, 74th (Y) Division paused and re-equipped with winter clothing for the next phase of the campaign. By 25 November the division was about four days' march behind the fighting line, but it was brought up for the advance into the Judaean Hills towards Jerusalem. The Turks launched strong counter-attacks on 27 and 28 November, and 74th (Y) Division began arriving to reinforce the position on 29 November, 231st Bde having marched 12 out of the previous 18 hours. Coming under 52nd (L) Division the brigade took over scattered positions from the remnants of 8th Mounted Brigade, 24th RWF filling the gap across to the neighbouring 60th (2/2nd London) Division, so it took little part in the confused fighting on 29/30 November.  Although. 25th RWF temporarily captured the hilltop village of Foqa and 24th Welsh briefly recaptured Et Tire next morning, the positions were untenable and they were compelled to fall back to the high ground and begin building a defensive line of stone sangars. 231st and 229th Bdes had difficulty forming a solid defensive front in the confused country. However, on 8 December the EEF launched its final attack on Jerusalem. 74th (Y) Division's surprise attack on a narrow front was supported by flanking fire from 231st Bde in the Nebi Samwil defences (confused by the fact that there were also Turkish machine guns concealed in the ruined village). Next day Jerusalem surrendered and the division was then engaged in road-making for most of the month while the EEF defended Jerusalem against Turkish counter-attacks. 74th (Y) Division resumed its advance on the morning of 27 December, led by 229th Bde. 24th RWF then took up the attack at 10.15, having concentrated in the Wadi Salman in front of Beit Duqqu during the night. One company captured Kh. Dreihemeh while two others attacked Hill 2450 and succeeded in reaching the crest. However, nether group could get beyond the summits, and each was enfiladed by fire from the enemy on the reverse slope of the other feature. The companies on Hill 2450 were attacked again and again, and forced slightly down the hill. During the afternoon a second assault was delivered after an artillery bombardment, but the Turkish machine guns on Kh. Dreihemeh swept the crest of Hill 2450 and the attempt failed. The positions were held until 22.00 when 24th RWF, having suffered heavy casualties, was relieved by 24th Welsh. Next morning 229th and 231st Bdes worked their way forwards on the other hills, splitting the enemy fire; 231st Bde was withdrawn into reserve by the end of 8 December. By 31 December the EEF had established a strong defence line covering Jerusalem. The division then went into reserve and resumed roadbuilding.

Paragraph 2: Cromwell also served as the head coach of the USC Trojans football program from 1909 to 1910, and from 1916 to 1918. His involvement with USC football goes back even farther; he is known to have officiated USC games as early as 1903, and he played (along with the coaches of both teams) for USC opponent Harvard School in a 1905 game due to the weakness of the Harvard roster. In his first term as coach, 1909 to 1910, he posted a record of 10–1–3, but this was exclusively against southern California competition, with no major colleges on the schedule. Like many schools, USC switched from football to rugby, from 1911 to 1913. Cromwell returned as football coach in 1916, by which time USC's teams had begun to be known as the Trojans. By this point, the university was facing competition which more regularly included major colleges such as California, Utah and Stanford, and his relative lack of expertise in the sport was more readily apparent. World War I also depleted the team's ranks in 1917 and 1918. In his final three years his record was still respectable at 11–7–3, though only 4–4–1 against major colleges. In his final season in 1918, USC was 2–2–2.  They did not play a home game in Los Angeles until December 14 due to a citywide ban on public gatherings during the Spanish flu epidemic.  Cromwell was replaced as head football coach following the season by Gus Henderson. During his tenure, Cromwell compiled a 21–8–6 record. Apart from Sam Barry, who took over the 1941 team in the wake of Howard Jones' death, Cromwell was the last USC football coach for whom it was not his primary sport. He also coached the USC basketball team in 1918, though they only played two games against the Los Angeles Athletic Club, losing both.

Paragraph 3: Roger Ebert gave the film two-and-a-half stars out of four and wrote that it "doesn't have much flow and keeps stopping and starting." Vincent Canby of The New York Times called the film "so entertaining and so vigorously performed, especially by Newman in the title role, that its pretensions become part of its robust, knock-about style." Variety wrote "The two-hour running time is not fleshed out with anything more than scenic vignettes, sometime attempting to recreate the success of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, with an Alan and Marilyn Bergman-lyricked tune and Maurice Jarre's music, sometimes attempting honest spoofing of western, and sometimes trying to play the story historically straight. The overkill and the undertone do it in." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film two stars out of four and wrote "Not the 'bawdy' gags, nor the 'Marmalade, Molasses and Honey' musical interlude sung by Andy Williams, can hide the essential flaw in Roy Bean: He is a blind, egotistical jerk who gets off by hanging people." Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "Arguably overlong, arguably self-indulgent on occasion, The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean is nonetheless happily as intent upon being fun as it is in being significant. As Bean, Newman may not seem quite dumb enough but is genuinely moving and has great authority. Surely his performance here is a high point in a notable career." Gary Arnold of The Washington Post declared the film "a big name bummer. I spent the better part of an exceedingly slow two hours fighting recurrent attacks of drowsiness...The episodic structure is undermined by too many episodes that depend on crude jokes, dumb wheezes and gratuitous killing. As the scenes and the would-be 'colorful' characters flop and repeat themselves, one's interest begins to evaporate." Clyde Jeavons of The Monthly Film Bulletin wrote "Now and again, thanks to the choice of an episodic style and the use of an engaging crop of guest stars in cameo roles, there are glimpses of what might have been; moments when the film looks as if it might take off like Butch Cassidy or say something meaningful like Little Big Man...But these are small oases in a large desert, and no matter how dismissive John Huston may choose to be about his film, it has the air of an elaborate mistake—overblown, tedious and over-emphatic."

Paragraph 4: In 1994 he released Gli ultimi tre giorni di Fernando Pessoa, as well as the novel that brought him the most recognition: Sostiene Pereira, winner of the Prizes Super Campiello, Scanno and Jean Monnet for European Literature. The protagonist of this novel becomes the symbol of the defence of freedom for information for the political opponents of all anti-democratic regimes. In Italy, during the election campaign, the opposition against the controversial communication magnate Silvio Berlusconi aggregated around this book. The director Roberto Faenza drew from it the eponymous film (1995) in which he cast Marcello Mastroianni as Pereira and Daniel Auteuil as Dr. Cardoso.

Paragraph 5: This year, the third running of the Masaryk Circuit attracted a top-class field for another Bugatti-Alfa Romeo-Maserati contest. The Bugatti team had three Type 51 cars for Chiron, Varzi and Guy Bouriat, brought in for René Dreyfus who had been injured at the Comminges GP. Scuderia Ferrari represented Alfa Romeo, with a Tipo B this time driven by Borzacchini, while Nuvolari, Brivio and Siena had 2.3-litre Monzas. Maserati once again ran an 8C-3000, this time for Fagioli, while Maserati himself gain had a 4CM for the "voiturette" class that would only run 15 laps while the main class did 17 laps of the 29 km track. Other entrants in Class II included Ernst-Günther Burggaller in a new Bugatti type 51A, and former Bugatti stalwart Pierre Veyron driving a 1.5-litre Maserati Tipo 26 and Jaroslav Konečnik racing for the local Czech Wikov works team. Race-day was damp with drizzle but that did not stop 200,000 spectators arriving, from as far afield as Vienna and Budapest. Siena had crashed in practice and broken his leg so only ten Class I cars took the grid. Once again Borzacchini got an impressive start, jumping to the lead from the second row. Varzi's eye injury was still giving him great discomfort and he retired on lap 2. Meanwhile, Nuvolari had passed Chiron and Borzacchini to take the lead. At the halfway point, Nuvolari had just set the fastest lap of the race and the two Alfas had a gap to Chiron, Fagioli and Brivio. Burggaller and Maserati were duelling in the small class. On the tenth lap, Nuvolari's Alfa developed an ignition problem. Stopping out on the track, he did running repairs before getting back to the pit. But he lost a lap and it allowed Chiron and Fagioli to pass. Desperately trying to un-lap himself and overtake Chiron, Nuvolari bowled several mileage markers and blew a tyre, ending his chance for victory. Chiron carried on to win by five minutes from Fagioli, with Nuvolari a distant third, almost thirty minutes back. It was the first defeat of the Tipo B. In the "voiturette" class, Maserati was leading into the last lap when the engine suddenly burst into flame. Assisted by onlookers he was able to extinguish the fire but the time lost put Burggaller through to take the class victory. Burggaller then went on to complete the remaining two laps assigned to the main class as well, and only finished a minute behind Brivio's fourth-placed Alfa Romeo.

Paragraph 6: North of Highway9, the route curved  to the east, then continued north, parallel to Highway400. It followed the townline between Tecumseth and West Gwillimbury townships. It travelled through the village of Bond Head and thereafter met Highway 89 in Cookstown. As the highway approached Barrie, it curved and followed Essa Road northeast until it met Highway400. Through Barrie, it was concurrent with Highway400 between Exit94 and Exit98, after which it was concurrent with Highway 26 along Bayfield Street, travelling north and exiting the city. At Midhurst, Highway27 diverged from its concurrency to continue north, parallel to and  west of Highway 400. After passing through the village of Elmvale and the end of Highway 92, the highway abruptly turned to the east to a junction with Highway 93 in the community of Waverley, which assumed the section north of here in the 1980s. Continuing north again, the highway meandered towards Georgian Bay, departing from the old Penetanguishene Road at Mertz's Corner. The route curved around the western side of a large marsh before entering the community of Wyebridge, where it crossed the Wye River. Several kilometres north of Wyebridge, Highway27 met Highway 12 on the outskirts of Midland. It then rejoined Penetanguishene Road and continued north into Penetanguishene, ending at the shoreline of Penetanguishene Harbour.

Paragraph 7: Solarization refers to a phenomenon in physics where a material undergoes a temporary change in color after being subjected to high-energy electromagnetic radiation, such as ultraviolet light or X-rays. Clear glass and many plastics will turn amber, green or other colors when subjected to X-radiation, and glass may turn blue after long-term solar exposure in the desert. It is believed that solarization is caused by the formation of internal defects, called color centers, which selectively absorb portions of the visible light spectrum. In glass, color center absorption can often be reversed by heating the glass to high temperatures (a process called thermal bleaching) to restore the glass to its initial transparent state. Solarization may also permanently degrade a material's physical or mechanical properties, and is one of the mechanisms involved in the breakdown of plastics within the environment.

Paragraph 8: The embryonic disc becomes oval and then pear-shaped, the wider end being directed forward. Towards the narrow, posterior end, an opaque primitive streak, is formed and extends along the middle of the disc for about half of its length; at the anterior end of the streak there is a knob-like thickening termed the primitive node or knot, (known as Hensen's knot in birds). A shallow groove, the primitive groove, appears on the surface of the streak, and the anterior end of this groove communicates by means of an aperture, the blastopore, with the yolk sac. The primitive streak is produced by a thickening of the axial part of the ectoderm, the cells of which multiply, grow downward, and blend with those of the subjacent endoderm. From the sides of the primitive streak a third layer of cells, the mesoderm, extends laterally between the ectoderm and endoderm; the caudal end of the primitive streak forms the cloacal membrane. The blastoderm now consists of three layers, an outer ectoderm, a middle mesoderm, and an inner endoderm; each has distinctive characteristics and gives rise to certain tissues of the body. For many mammals, it is sometime during formation of the germ layers that implantation of the embryo in the uterus of the mother occurs.

Paragraph 9: As a result, Marwitz was still in bed at the le Cateau HQ when he first heard of the British tank offensive toward Bourlon Ridge, which they had identified as a vital strategic target. The surprise was disabling to his infantry, exacerbated by cut communication lines. The Crown Prince, in command of Northern Group, informed Berlin. Marwitz was forced to contemplate total withdrawal. The morning of 21 November, Fontaine had already fallen, but the Second Army knew the allied strength and its dispositions. They ordered up Reserves, the 214th, 119th and 3rd Guards Divisions, all from the north Aisne and Flanders. Rupprecht ordered even more to support Marwitz's position. The Battle of Cambrai ensued, which saw the most extensive use of tanks to date, more than twice the previous number in one engagement, as well as new combined arms tactics. As the British had not adequately prepared for the strength of German defenses, on the morning of 26 November 1917, Rupprecht and Marwitz planned at le Cateau the first counteroffensive against the British since April 1915. The following afternoon, they were joined by Lieutenant-General von Kuhl, Group Chief of Staff, at a special conference of all Group commanders. Marwitz, who was under pressure from Ludendorff, remained silent, subdued, still reeling and shocked by the unconventional speed of the Allied attack. Marwitz's stormtroops destroyed many hundreds of tanks, but the allies had thousands of them. However, by the end of the month, the attack had petered out, and the tanks went into winter quarters. Marwitz and staff immediately determined to proceed with a counter-attack, and they did their best to recover enemy machines. A severe blizzard finally halted the fighting on 7 December. Of 50,000 German casualties, over 10,000 were taken prisoner, many due to ammunition shortages prevalent since 1 December.

Paragraph 10: GUS plc was a FTSE 100 retailing, manufacturing and financial conglomerate based in the United Kingdom. GUS was an abbreviation of Great Universal Stores, the company's name before 2001, while it was also known as the Glorious Gussies amongst stockbrokers. The company started out as Universal Stores, a mail order business created by the Rose family. In 1931, Isaac Wolfson joined the mail order company and would, through a series of takeovers, turn it into a retail, manufacturing and financial conglomerate, becoming Europe's biggest mail order firm and with over 2,700 physical stores. His son, Leonard Wolfson, followed him as chairman, to be succeeded by his nephews David Wolfson (1996–2000) and Victor Barnett (2000–2002). During the 1980s, the business divested much of its physical retail and manufacturing subsidiaries under Leonard Wolfson to concentrate on mail order, property and finance. In October 2006, the company was split into two separate companies: Experian which continues to exist, and Home Retail Group which was bought by Sainsbury's in 2016.

Paragraph 11: The Foxtrot class was comparable in performance and armament to most contemporary designs. However, its three screws made it noisier than most Western designs. Moreover, the Foxtrot class was one of the last designs introduced before the adoption of the teardrop hull, which offered much better underwater performance. Also, although the Foxtrot was larger than a Zulu class submarine, the Foxtrot class had 2 of its 3 decks dedicated to batteries.  This gave it an underwater endurance of 10 days, but the weight of the batteries made the Foxtrot's average speed a slow  at its maximum submerged time capability. Due to the batteries taking up 2 decks, onboard conditions were crowded, with space being relatively small even when compared to older submarines such as the much older American Balao-class submarine. The Foxtrot class was completely obsolete by the time the last submarine was launched. The Russian Navy retired its last Foxtrots between 1995 and 2000; units were scrapped and disposed of for museum purposes. During the division of the Soviet Black Sea Fleet, in 1997 one Foxtrot class submarine (later renamed as Zaporizhzhia) was passed to Ukraine as it was not operational since 1991. The ship never effectively served in the Ukrainian Navy and was under repair. In 2005 Ukrainian Ministry of Defence wanted to sell it, but was unsuccessful.  Following successful post-repair trials in June 2013, it was recognised as operational. However, on 22 March 2014 it was surrendered to or captured by Russia as part of the Russian annexation of Crimea. Russia decided not to accept it due to its age and operational unsuitability. Its subsequent status is unknown.

Paragraph 12: ACT II, A Moorish castle occupied by Brassbound. Marzo, an Italian member of Brassbound's crew, has been wounded in a feud. Lady Cicely is tending to him, initially to Brassbound's irritation, but she wins him over. Sir Howard complains that Brassbound is behaving more like a jailer than a host; Brassbound says that Sir Howard is his prisoner. Brassbound explains that he is the son of Sir Howard's deceased brother, Miles. He blames Sir Howard for the death of his mother and for tricking him out of his inheritance by legal technicalities. He intends to hand over Sir Howard to a fanatical Islamist Sheik. He tells Sir Howard that he presides over an unfair justice system that punishes the poor and weak. Now that Sir Howard is powerless he will receive the justice of revenge. Lady Cicely intercedes and argues with Brassbound that his own code of honour is at least as brutal as the legal system he condemns. Brassbound wavers, and eventually agrees to give up revenge. When the Sheik arrives he offers to buy back Sir Howard, but the Sheik will only accept one price – Lady Cicely. Cicely agrees, but at this point the local ruler appears, having learned of the transaction. He frees Sir Howard and arrests Brassbound.

Paragraph 13: 	In the late 1950s, another man important to the Arboretum began visiting.  His name was Levan Loveland, but preferred to be called Van.  He was a bank manager from NYC and an avid flower gardener.  He moved to the farm after his retirement, and he planted beautiful flower gardens near the farmhouse.   Under his guidance, the Arboretum became a corporation in 1966 and achieved IRS non-profit status in 1967.  As the men aged, it became harder to maintain the gardens and grounds.  Van died in 1977.  While some projects such as the library (1982) were completed, the general condition of the Arboretum declined. Fred died in 1985 while wintering in Mexico.  After Fred's death, improvements began under the direction of President Elizabeth Corning.  In 1987, Pamela Rowling was hired as horticulturist and director, continuing the Arboretum's goals of expansion, protection, and education. In the years 2000 to 2005, new lands were donated and purchased, increasing the acreage to 548.  With the assistance of our current director, Fred Breglia, and hundreds of dedicated volunteers, the Arboretum is realizing its full potential as a "tree museum," scenic park, and education center.

Paragraph 14: The Latvian constitution stipulates that the borders of the Republic are set by international treaties, and the government considers the 1920 Treaty of Rīga to be still in force. The 4 May 1990 declaration of independence (reinstating the 1920 constitution subject to a transitional period) by the Supreme Soviet of the Latvian SSR affirmed that the restored Republic of Latvia would base its relations with the Russian Federation on the treaty principle. In January 1991, the Russian Federation (while still in the USSR) and Latvia signed a document regulating their bilateral relations. The Latvian delegation attempted to include a reference to the 1920 treaty but the Russian delegation objected. In essence, Russia views Latvia as a newly independent country and consistently refuses to acknowledge that Latvia was occupied and illegally incorporated into the USSR, while Latvia insists upon the legal continuity of Latvian state occupied in 1940. Key players in post-war politics in the West never recognised or at least questioned the legality of the incorporation of Latvia into the USSR, but there is pressure on both countries to resolve the issue. This can be seen on the example of their attitude towards events from the beginning of the 20th century in Latvia. Thus, the European Community, for example, did not use the term "recognition" but referred to "the restoration of sovereignty and independence" when restoring diplomatic relations in 1991; the US to "the culmination of the USA’s 52 year refusal to accept the forcible incorporation of the independent Baltic States by the USSR". (See, for example, Roland Rich's paper for the Symposium on Recent Developments in State Recognition.). Pressure on the RF includes the need for Russia to have a border agreement in order to pursue a less draconian visa policy from the EU.

Paragraph 15: Biju Patnaik University of Technology issued a no-objection certificate regarding the grant of unitary university status. The National Board of Accreditation team has visited the college to examine the college for a university status. As one of the first Government Institutes of Odisha, College of Engineering & Technology Bhubaneswar (CETB) has received the National Board of Accreditation. In May 2021, a memorandum was sent to Chief Minister of Odisha Naveen Patnaik by the CET Students’ Union to take steps to declare CETB as a unitary university as Odisha University of Technology and Research, Bhubaneswar. The state Cabinet approved CET Bhubaneswar the unitary university status. The Odisha Assembly passed the Odisha University of Technology and Research Bill, 2021, upgrading the College of Engineering and Technology, Bhubaneswar (CETB) into a non-affiliating unitary university.

Paragraph 16: . . . and this is where the Germans lived of old, a barbarous nation, not of much consequence in the beginning, who are now called Franks. Next to these lived the Arborychi, who, together with all the rest of Gaul, and, indeed, Spain also, were subjects of the Romans from of old. And beyond them toward the east were settled the Thuringian barbarians, Augustus, the first emperor, having given them this country. And the Burgundians lived not far from them toward the south, and the Suevi also lived beyond the Thuringians, and the Alamani, powerful nations. All these were settled there as independent peoples in earlier times. But as time went on, the Visigoths forced their way into the Roman empire and seized all Spain and the portion of Gaul lying beyond the Rhone River and made them subject and tributary to themselves. By that time it so happened that the Arborychi had become soldiers of the Romans. And the Germans, wishing to make this people subject to themselves, since their territory adjoined their own and they had changed the government under which they had lived from of old, began to plunder their land and, being eager to make war, marched against them with their whole people. But the Arborychi proved their valour and loyalty to the Romans and shewed themselves brave men in this war, and since the Germans were not able to overcome them by force, they wished to win them over and make the two peoples kin by intermarriage. This suggestion the Arborychi received not at all unwillingly; for both, as it happened, were Christians. And in this way they were united into one people, and came to have great power. Now other Roman soldiers, also, had been stationed at the frontiers of Gaul to serve as guards. And these soldiers, having no means of returning to Rome, and at the same time being unwilling to yield to their enemy who were Arians, gave themselves, together with their military standards and the land which they had long been guarding for the Romans, to the Arborychi and Germans; and they handed down to their offspring all the customs of their fathers, which were thus preserved, and this people has held them in sufficient reverence to guard them even up to my time. For even at the present day they are dearly recognized as belonging to the legions to which they were assigned when they served in ancient times, and they always carry their own standards when they enter battle, and always follow the customs of their fathers. And they preserve the dress of the Romans in every particular, even as regards their shoes.

Paragraph 17: As soon as the road travels through the SR 383 intersection, it curves to the south-southeast and immediately curves to an easterly direction. It travels north of Sue Reynolds Elementary School and then makes a gradual curve to the southeast. At the eastern terminus of Belair Road, Wrightsboro Road curves to the east-northeast and transitions into a more business-oriented roadway. It has an intersection with the southern terminus of Augusta West Parkway, which serves as a frontage road for the western side of Interstate 520 (I-520; Bobby Jones Expressway), and the northern terminus of Barton Chapel Road. After that intersection, Wrightsboro Road has an interchange with the Interstate highway itself. Immediately after this interchange are two entrance roads to Augusta Mall. An intersection with the southern terminus of Marks Church Road, which serves as a frontage road for the east side of I-520, as well as the northern terminus of Garden Spring Lane, which also leads to the mall, is next. Just after this intersection, is an intersection with Capps Road, which is the last road off Wrightsboro Road to lead to the mall. From I-520, Wrightsboro Road is lined with businesses on both sides of the highway. At the intersection with the northern terminus of North Leg Road and the southern terminus of Jackson Road, Wrightsboro Road travels just south of Copeland Elementary School. Three blocks later, it skirts along the southern edge of Augusta University's (AU) Forest Hills campus and Forest Hills Golf Club. Then, it skirts along the northern edge of the Augusta Municipal Golf Course and Daniel Field, a public use airport. Just past Daniel Field, Wrightsboro Road travels between AU's Summerville campus and the Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center. The roadway skirts along the southern edge of Monte Sano Elementary School. It travels just south of Paine College. On the southwest corner of AU's main campus, Wrightsboro Road travels under, but does not have an intersection with, SR 4 (15th Street), although there is a ramp that leads to Wrightsboro Road. It then crosses over some railroad tracks of CSX and curves to the southeast, passing just to the southwest of Lucy Craft Laney High School, C. T. Walker Traditional Magnet School, and A. R. Johnson Health Science and Engineering Magnet High School. Just over  later, the roadway meets its eastern terminus, at an intersection with James Brown Boulevard, just north of that road's southern terminus at Twiggs Street and Nicholas Street.

Paragraph 18: Calakmul is located in Campeche state in southeastern Mexico, about  north of the border with Guatemala and  north of the ruins of El Mirador. The ruins of El Tintal are  to the southwest of Calakmul and were linked to both El Mirador and Calakmul itself by causeway. Calakmul was about  south of the contemporary city of Oxpemul and approximately  southwest of La Muñeca. The city is located on a rise about  above a large seasonal swamp lying to the west, known as the El Laberinto bajo (a Spanish word used in the region to denote a low-lying area of seasonal marshland). This swamp measures approximately  and was an important source of water during the rainy season. The bajo was linked to a sophisticated water-control system including both natural and artificial features such as gullies and canals that encircled a  area around the site core, an area considered as Inner Calakmul. The location of Calakmul at the edge of a bajo provided two additional advantages: the fertile soils along the edge of the swamp and access to abundant flint nodules. The city is situated on a promontory formed by a natural  high limestone dome rising above the surrounding lowlands. This dome was artificially levelled by the Maya. During the Preclassic and Classic periods settlement was concentrated along the edge of the El Laberinto bajo, during the Classic period structures were also built on high ground and small islands in the swamp where flint was worked.

Paragraph 19: The Hepialidae constitute by far the most diverse group of the infraorder Exoporia. The 60 genera contain at least 587 currently recognised species of these primitive moths worldwide. The genera Fraus (endemic to Australia), Gazoryctra (Holarctic), Afrotheora (Southern African), and Antihepialus (African) are considered to be the most primitive, containing four genera and about 51 species with a mostly relictual southern Gondwanan distribution and are currently separated from the Hepialidae sensu stricto which might form a natural, derived group. The most diverse genera are Oxycanus with 73 species, Endoclita with 60 species, Thitarodes with 51 species and Cibyra with 50 species following a comprehensive catalogue of Exoporia. The relationships of the many genera are not yet well established; see below for an ordered synonymic generic checklist, and the Taxobox for navigation.

Paragraph 20: While still part of the inactive fleet, the warship was moved to the Boston Naval Shipyard for conversion to an escort destroyer. Redesignated an escort destroyer, DDE-471, Beale was recommissioned at Boston on 1 November 1951. She remained at Boston finishing her conversion until the second week of 1952. On 8 January, she embarked upon her shakedown cruise which, after a short visit to Norfolk, Virginia, she conducted in the West Indies. After post-shakedown availability at Boston between late March and early May, she reported for duty with the Atlantic Fleet at Norfolk on 5 May. Near the end of the month, the destroyer headed for the Gulf of Mexico where she spent the month of June operating as planeguard for  during training operations out of Pensacola, Florida She returned to Norfolk on Independence Day 1952 and resumed normal operations from that port. Training duty in the Virginia Capes operating area and upkeep at Norfolk occupied her time for the remainder of 1952. Late in January 1953, Beale moved south on her way to the large annual fleet exercise called "Springboard." After preliminary drills with  off the Florida coast near Mayport, she continued on to the vicinity of Puerto Rico where the maneuvers were carried out in late February and early March. The warship arrived back in Norfolk on 13 March and stayed there for a little more than a month. On 17 April, she stood out of Chesapeake Bay bound for exercises in the waters around the British Isles, followed by a short cruise in the Mediterranean. During that deployment, she visited Londonderry in Northern Ireland and Plymouth, England, before transiting the Strait of Gibraltar to call at Golfe Juan, France, and Naples, Italy. The destroyer departed Naples on 13 June, plotted a course back to the United States, and reentered Norfolk on the 26th.

Paragraph 21: In 1987, Wright moved to the Nomads senior team, the San Diego Nomads which played in the Western Soccer Alliance. The Nomads won the league championship that season and again in 1988. In 1990, the WSA merged with the east-coast based American Soccer League to form the American Professional Soccer League (APSL). The Nomads spend one season in the APSL before leaving the league. In 1989, the Cleveland Crunch of the Major Indoor Soccer League drafted Wright with the sixth pick of the expansion draft.  On March 6, 1990, the Crunch traded Wright to the San Diego Sockers. The Sockers, perennial contenders, won the MISL championship that season with Wright named as the Championship Series Unsung Hero. Wright remained in San Diego until the MISL collapsed in 1992. On January 7, 1993, Wright signed with the Milwaukee Wave of the National Professional Soccer League (NSPL). Although the Wave failed to make the playoffs, Wright's forty-five goals in twenty-five games led to his selection as a first team All Star. That summer Wright signed with the Los Angeles Salsa of the outdoor American Professional Soccer League. In October, 1993, the Salsa loaned Wright to the Baltimore Blast of the NPSL. Wright was back the Salsa for the summer 1994 season, but after the Salsa folded that fall, he signed with the Wichita Wings of the NPSL for the 1994–1995 season. Wright would not return to the NPSL until 1999. In 1993, Wright signed with the Los Angeles Salsa of the outdoor American Professional Soccer League. He had not played outdoor soccer since playing with the Nomads in 1990, but this did not stop Wright from finishing second in points and goals to team mate Paulinho Criciúma, being named a first team All Star.  In 1994, Wright led the league in scoring, tying Paulhino for the points lead. He was again selected as a first team All Star.  After playing with the Baltimore Blast during the 1994–1995 winter indoor season, Wright did not return to the APSL, but instead signed with the Sacramento Knights of the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL). The CISL played a summer indoor schedule. In December 1995, Major League Soccer announced it had signed Wright to a league contract. In preparation for its first season, MLS signed players to contracts, then distributed these players through the league via an initial allocation and an inaugural player draft. In February 1996, the Kansas City Wizards selected Wright in the third round (twenty-fifth overall) of the 1996 MLS Supplemental Draft. He spent four seasons in Kansas City. When the Wizards released him in 1999, Wright signed with the Western Mass Pioneers where he played four outdoor seasons. In the fall of 1999, he returned to the Baltimore Blast in the NPSL. He spent most of three seasons in Baltimore, but saw time in seven games with the Philadelphia KiXX during the 2000–2001 season. In February 2002, the Blast waived Wright, who was leading the team in scoring at the time. The San Diego Sockers quickly signed Wright in preparation for the team's move to the new Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). In October 2002, he signed another year-long contract and remained with the Sockers until it discontinued operations in December 2005. On January 5, 2005, the Chicago Storm selected Wright in the MISL Dispersal Draft. Wright both owns an athletic training company, Speed to Burn. In April 2006, he joined the San Diego Fusion of the amateur fourth division National Premier Soccer League. In 2009, he signed with the San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League. In May 2011, it was announced he signed with a new team in the PASL, the Anaheim Bolts. In October 2012, he re-signed with the San Diego Sockers for the 2012–13 season.

Paragraph 22: Struggling to pay the rent, Aleks advertises for a third person to live with him and Jake. Fiona "Tosh" Mackintosh (Rebecca Scroggs) later moves in and shocks him when he learns that she is in a relationship with Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White). Later, Roxy discovers that Ronnie paid Aleks and they have an argument but they stay together. Then, Aleks' young daughter, Ineta (Octavia Alexandru) talks to him over video chat, asking if he is coming home. Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) becomes suspicious when he finds Aleks talking to somebody over the Internet in Latvian and he angrily throws Alfie out. Alfie enlists Tamwar's help to hack into Aleks' laptop and see what he is hiding, and Tamwar tells Alfie that he has been contacting his wife. Alfie and Tamwar tell Roxy but she does not believe him, choosing instead to ask Tamwar about Alfie's discovery and he shows her the evidence. Later on, Roxy cooks Aleks a romantic meal and asks about his wife. He reveals he has a daughter, Ineta, and that he is married to Ineta's mother but they are separated. Roxy then throws Aleks out and buys him a plane tickets to Latvia but as he is about to leave, Roxy stops him, saying that she still wants to be with him. Aleks later nearly comes to blows with Alfie after he makes remarks about Aleks' marital status and later gives Alfie's pitch to rival market trader Donna Yates (Lisa Hammond), despite Alfie excusing his absence on the day to illness, causing further tension between them. Roxy asks Aleks to show his commitment to her and he arranges a surprise holiday, proving to Roxy that he's committed and avoiding his wife Marta (Noeleen Comiskey) and their daughter who have arrived from Latvia. Aleks has sex with Marta in his office. Ronnie's partner, Charlie Cotton (Declan Bennett), sees him and demands he tells Roxy, but Marta does before he can. She is devastated and throws him out; however, she realises her feelings for him are too strong and invites him to move back in. Marta goes home but leaves Ineta with Aleks, believing she will be better off in England. Aleks supports Charlie after the traumatic birth of his son Matthew following a car crash and, inspired by Dot, suggests the name Matthew. Charlie's wife, Ronnie, goes into a coma after Matthew's birth. Aleks learns that Roxy and Charlie have slept together so he goes to the hospital to tell Ronnie but cannot bring himself to do so.

Paragraph 23: Between 1638 and 1657, Rice resided in Sudbury where he became a leader in the community.  Sumner Chilton Powell wrote in his 1964 Pulitzer Prize-winning Puritan Village: The Formation of a New England Town, "Not only did Rice become the largest individual landholder in Sudbury, but he represented his new town in the Massachusetts legislature for five years and devoted at least eleven of his last fifteen years to serving as selectman and judge of small causes." He was appointed on 4 September 1639 by the General Court to lay out the roads and lots of Sudbury, and he was granted  of land near the original Sudbury meetinghouse . On 3 April 1640, Rice was granted  in southeastern Sudbury near the Old Connecticut Path.  He served as a selectman in Sudbury in 1639 and 1640, and subsequently for several years between 1644 and 1656.  He was designated by the General Court as a freeman on 13 May 1640, and was first elected as a deputy (representative) of the Great and General Court in October 1640. He was later appointed by the General Court on 2 June 1641 as a Judge of Small Causes for Sudbury, serving until 1648 in the appointed position.  Then from 1648 until 1654 he was elected and reelected locally in Sudbury as one of the municipal judges. He was reelected for another year term as a deputy of the General Court in 1643. In 1644 Rice and two other Sudbury residents (Peter Noyes and Thomas Mayhew) were appointed to survey the farm properties of the estate of the deceased Joseph Glover near the southeastern boundary of Sudbury to be transferred to Harvard College President Henry Dunster who had married Glover's widow Elizabeth and assumed responsibility for the Glover children.  On 18 June 1645, Rice and his colleagues reported to the General Court on their survey. In 1648, Rice was ordained as a Deacon in the  Puritan Church at Sudbury. He was appointed by the General Court on 22 May 1651 as a member of a commission to settle a boundary dispute between Watertown and Sudbury, and he was reelected as a deputy of the General Court in each of the three years from 1652 through 1654. Again in May 1656, Rice and Peter Noyes were called upon by the General Court for their expertise to survey  of land purchased by John Stone of Sudbury from the Indians, which was supplemented by a grant of the General Court to Stone of an additional  in what is now Framingham. Stone erected a gristmill on his property of Stone's End in 1656 that would later become the village of Saxonville. Again in 1662 at the behest of the General Court, Rice and John Howe of Marlborough were called upon to survey  of land in the area now known as Framingham that they deemed to be worth £10 to be awarded by the General Court to Thomas Danforth as compensation for his services to the Colony and Harvard College.

Paragraph 24: There are very few mentions   of Metapontum during the first ages of its existence; however, it seems certain that it rose rapidly to a considerable amount of prosperity, for which it was indebted to the extreme fertility of its territory. The same policy which had led to its foundation would naturally unite it in the bonds of a close alliance with the other Achaean cities, Sybaris and Crotona; and the first occasion on which we meet with its name in history is as joining with these two cities in a league against Siris, with the view of expelling the Ionian colonists of that city. The war seems to have ended in the capture and destruction of Siris, but our account of it is very obscure, and the period at which it took place very uncertain. It does not appear that Metapontum took any part in the war between Crotona and Sybaris, which ended in the destruction of the latter city; but its name is frequently mentioned in connection with the changes introduced by Pythagoras, and the troubles consequent upon them. Metapontum, indeed, appears to have been one of the cities where the doctrines and sect of that philosopher obtained the firmest footing. Even when the Pythagoreans were expelled from Crotona, they maintained themselves at Metapontum, whither the philosopher himself retired, and where he ended his days. The Metapontines paid the greatest respect to his memory; they consecrated the house in which he had lived as a temple to Ceres, and gave to the street in which it was situated the name of the Museum. His tomb was still shown there in the days of Cicero. The Metapontines were afterwards called in as mediators to appease the troubles which had arisen at Crotona; and appear, therefore, to have suffered comparatively little themselves from civil dissensions arising from this source.

Paragraph 25: Harrell started in every game of the 2006 season, beating out classmate Chris Todd. Harrell got the Raiders off to a quick start with wins over Southern Methodist University, The University of Texas at El Paso, Southeastern Louisiana University and conference rival the Texas A&M Aggies. The lone Red Raider loss was to Texas Christian University, 12–3 in the third game of the season. Despite the 4–1 start, Harrell was benched halfway through the next game due to poor play after the Raiders fell behind the Missouri Tigers 24–0, and Todd was inserted for two series. Harrell came back into the game and got the Raiders within 3 points before the half but struggled in the second half as Tech lost 38–21. The next week against a winless Colorado team that Tech was heavily favored to beat, Harrell once again was benched in favor of Todd for a 4 interception game resulting in a 30–6 loss. However, Harrell rebounded to throw for 6 touchdowns against the Iowa State Cyclones and then threw for 519 yards and 3 touchdowns against the Texas Longhorns in a narrow 35–31 loss. The Raiders finished the season with a 55–21 win against the Baylor Bears, a 34–24 loss to the Oklahoma Sooners, and a 30–24 win against the Oklahoma State Cowboys. Texas Tech finished the regular season 7–5 (4–4 in the Big 12) and received an invitation to the 2006 Insight Bowl. The 7–5 Red Raiders faced off against the 6–6 Minnesota Golden Gophers at the 2006 Insight Bowl in Tempe, Arizona. Texas Tech struggled on both offense and defense during first 3 quarters of the Insight Bowl. The Minnesota Golden Gophers outscored Tech 38–7 through the end of the 3rd quarter. The Red Raiders, sparked by a 43-yard touchdown from Harrell to Joel Filani, went on to outscore the Gophers 31–0 through the end of regulation sending the game into overtime. On the final drive, Harrell drove the Red Raider offense almost 70 yards in less than a minute to set up the game-tying field goal by Alex Trlica. Following a Minnesota field goal, Tech scored a touchdown to win the game 44–41 capping a 31-point deficit; the largest come-from-behind victory in NCAA FBS bowl history. Harrell threw for 445 yards, 2 touchdowns, and 1 rushing touchdown and was named the Offensive MVP. Tech finished the year 8–5, their 13th straight winning season, and their fifth straight season with at least 8 wins 4th bowl win out of the previous 5 seasons. He threw for 38 touchdowns and 4,555 passing yards, the third-most by a sophomore in NCAA Division I FBS history and the most ever thrown by a sophomore in the history of the Big 12.

Paragraph 26: Zhu Jun was from Shangyu County (), Kuaiji Commandery (), which is present-day Shangyu District, Shaoxing, Zhejiang. His father died when he was still young, so he was raised by his mother, who earned a living by selling fabrics. When he reached adulthood, he served as a scribe in the local county office. Zhu Jun gained a reputation for being very filial towards his mother. Despite this, when an acquaintance Zhou Gui was unable to repay his debts to the local authorities, Zhu Jun stole fabrics from his mother in order to help Zhou settle the debts. As a result, Zhu Jun's mother lost her property. Greatly angered, she then blamed Zhu Jun. Zhu Jun replied, "Small losses will result in great fortunes later. To be poor first before becoming rich is the natural order." Du Shang (), the Chief of Shangyu County, favoured him and recommended him to serve in the commandery office under Wei Yi (), the Administrator of Kuaiji Commandery. Zhu Jun later became a Registrar () when Yin Duan () replaced Wei Yi as the Administrator. In 173, Yin Duan was impeached for his failure in quelling a rebellion. Initially, Yin's punishment was to be executed. However, Zhu Jun made his way to the capital and bribed the relevant officials; as a result, Yin's punishment was reduced. Yin was overjoyed upon knowing of his reduced punishment, but Zhu Jun never revealed his involvement to Yin.

Paragraph 27: Before getting the job of director, Watts created images of Nick Fury as Parker's mentor in the story in early "mood reels" saying, "I don't know what the situation would be, but that would be a person he'd want to get in trouble with." Feige said the films of John Hughes would be a major influence and that Parker's personal growth and development would be just as important as his role as Spider-Man. He noted that "at that age, in high school, everything feels like life or death". He also said that the film hoped to use one of Spider-Man's rogues that have not been seen in film yet, and that filming would begin in June 2016. In July 2015, it was reported that Marisa Tomei had been offered the role of May Parker, Peter's aunt. It was also revealed that Daley and Goldstein, after missing out on the director role, had begun negotiations to write the screenplay, and were given three days to present Marvel with their pitch; both confirmed shortly after that they had reached a deal to write the screenplay. The pair had proposed a take on the character that was "diametrically opposed" to the previous Spider-Man films, creating a laundry list of all the elements seen in those films and actively trying to avoid re-using them. They chose to focus on the high school aspects of the character rather than the "drama and weight of the tragedy that leads to the origin of Spider-Man". They felt this would differentiate him from the other MCU superheroes as well. Daley said the film was about Parker "finding his place" in the MCU, with the writing team wanting the film to focus on him "coming to terms with his new abilities and not yet being good with them, and carrying with him some real human fears and weaknesses", such as a fear of heights when he has to scale the Washington Monument. Daley noted, "Even within the context of this movie, I don't think you would feel that fear of heights or even the vertigo the audience feels in that scene if you establish him as swinging from skyscrapers at the top of the movie." The writers also wanted to avoid the skyscrapers of Manhattan because of how often they were used in the other films, and instead wrote the character into locations such as "the suburbs, on a golf course, the Staten Island Ferry, Coney Island, and even Washington, D.C." One of the first sequences they pitched was "seeing Spider-Man attached to a plane 10,000 feet up in the air, where he had absolutely no safety net. ... you're familiar with the sort of areas he's been in, [so] why not turn it on its head and make it something different that people haven't seen before?" The pair conceded that the film took a more grounded, "low-stakes" approach than previous films, which avoided having to explain why the Avengers were not helping, since a world-threatening problem would logically require the "big guys".

Paragraph 28:  is the first human to have found out Karin's secret. At Anju's suggestion, the Marker family makes him an ally to aid in caring for Karin during the daylight hours. Kenta and his mother live in a one-room apartment and do not have much money. Consequently, Kenta cannot afford three meals a day, often leaving him hungry during the middle of the day. Karin, realizing this, begins making him a bento box lunch every day. Kenta works with Karin part-time at Julian Restaurant, seeking all the extra hours he can to support himself and his mother. He dreams of being a model citizen with a family and a good job. As a child, he was ignored by his maternal grandmother due to the circumstances of his birth. This leads to his being a person who tries to live a life free of prejudice and allows him to sympathize with Karin's unusual nature. He offers his neck to Karin to bite whenever she needs so she won't have any more nosebleeds. Karin ends up biting him twice, with the second bite following their first kiss. (It was thanks to Maki and Sophia's encouragement th a Kenta opened his heart to love.) When Karin is kidnapped, Usui aids the Markers in tracking her down, led by Sophia Pistis, the spirit of the first Psyche. While they are there in Kenta's hometown and at Karin's suggestion, Kenta goes to see his sick grandmother, not wanting to lose the last chance to reconcile with her. After Karin's memories are modified by her family, Kenta, whose memories weren't erased, promises to keep her heritage a secret and to make her happy. At the end of the series, they are married with a child, the reincarnated spirit of Sophia.  He also appears to work very hard for his family and their daughter apparently has a crush on Ren. Something that Kenta's oblivious about and annoys Karin. While being around Usui some bluntly point out that the way his eyes are creepy, which makes Usui feel annoyed or down.

Paragraph 29: Elaine Goble’s artistic career started in 1977, she had a solo exhibition at Founders Art Gallery at York University and an exhibition of Oil Paintings at Hart House, Toronto Ontario. In 1978, she participated in the Juried Group Exhibition of Prints, at the Art Gallery of the University of Western Ontario. The mid- late 1980s exhibitions such as: Solo Drawing Exhibition, McPherson Gallery, Ottawa, Ontario, 1985. Group Exhibition, Juried, City Hall, Ottawa, Ontario, 1986. Solo Drawing Exhibition, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, ON, 1987. About Faces, Group Portrait Exhibition, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1988. She ended the decade with A Private Moment, Solo Exhibition of Egg Tempera Paintings, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1989.3 In the early 90s, Goble’s career took off with a total of seven exhibitions between 1990-1994. These included: Works on Paper, Juried Group Exhibition, ArtsCount, Ottawa, Ontario, 1990. Invitational, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1990. Rediscovering the Art of Painting, Group Exhibition, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1991. Solo Exhibition, Robertson’s Gallery, Ottawa, Ontario, 1992. National Fine Art Competition, Group Exhibition, Toronto, Ontario, 1993. The Canadian Figure, Group Exhibition, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1993. Portraits, Solo Exhibition of Egg Tempera Paintings, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1994. In the late 1990s, Goble began to focus on solo exhibitions which include: The Collection- Ten Years Later, Karsh- Masson Gallery, Ottawa, ON, 1996. Canadian Achievement, Phase 1, Solo Exhibition, Paintings, Drawings, and Photography, New Brunswick Museum, Saint John, New Brunswick, 1996. And continued with Canadian Achievement, Phase II, Solo Exhibition, Paintings, Drawings, and Photography, New Brunswick Museum, Saint John, New Brunswick, 1997. Ending the century with a Portrait Exhibition, Wallacks Galleries, Ottawa, Ontario, 1999. Afterwards, she slowed down in the early 2000s participating in two exhibitions; one being the Solo Exhibition, Gallery Telpaz, Ottawa, Ontario, 2000 and the Group Portrait and Figure Exhibition, Abbozzo Gallery, Oakville, Ontario, 2003. In the mid-late 2000s, she began producing some work that she is most well-known for; Solo Exhibition, Dale Smith Gallery, Ottawa, Ontario, 2005. Promises to Keep, Canadian War Museum, Ottawa, Ontario, 2005-07. Painting of Ground Zero, Canadian War Museum, Ottawa, Ontario, 2007-09. Star Portraits, PTV/ Bravo Production, Documentary, 2009. War, a Family Affair, McMichael Canadian Art Collection, Kleinberg. Kingston Prize Exhibition, Kingston, Ontario, 2009. Finally, an exhibition that caught the attention of the media, Cost of War- The Canadian Homefront, solo exhibition, St. Lawrence College, Brockville, Ontario, 2009. In 2010, she participated in the Juried Exhibition, Art Gallery of Peterborough, Peterborough, Ontario, and in 2011 Goble was commissioned by the National Capital to create Portraits in the Street that was then featured in the National Archives of Canada, Ottawa, Ontario. In 2012, she created one major piece, Double Take: Portraits of Intriguing Canadians, and continued it as a traveling exhibition featured at a variety of locations between the years of 2012-2014. These locations include: McMichael Canadian Art Collection, Kleinburg, Ontario, 2012. Canadian Museum of Civilization (now known as the Canadian Museum of History), Gatineau, Quebec, 2013. The Agnes Etherington Art Centre, Queen's University at Kingston, Ontario, 2013-14, and the Canadian Military Engineers Museum, Oromocto, New Brunswick, 2014. Her most recent works include: The Painted Truth, Wallack Galleries, Ottawa, Ontario, 2015. Group Exhibition: Go Figure at First Canadian Place, Abbozzo Gallery, Toronto, Ontario, 2016. Egg Tempera and Mixed Media Landscape and Architecture Paintings in the Feature Gallery, Abbozzo Gallery, Toronto, Ontario. Agriculture and Food Museum, Ingenium Canada, Ottawa, Ontario, 2016. The Tamworth, Egg Tempera painting showcased at Canada Agriculture and Food Museum, Ingenium Canada, Ottawa, Ontario, 2018. Lastly, a Group Exhibition, Abbozzo Gallery, Toronto, Ontario, 2019.

Paragraph 30: "Love Gets Me Every Time" peaked at number four the Canadian Singles Chart, a now-defunct chart which only tracked physical single sales, and was compiled by Nielsen SoundScan and published by Jam!. "Love Gets Me Every Time" debuted at number 67 on RPM airplay-measuring Canadian Country Singles chart on the week of September 22, 1997. The following week it jumped to number 49. On the week of October 13, 1997, in its fourth week on the chart, the single reached the chart's summit, where it remained for six consecutive weeks. On the week of November 24, 1997, the song fell to number two, behind Paul Brandt's "A Little in Love". The song spent a total of 37 weeks on the chart, spending its last week at number 87 on the week of June 15, 1998. It was ranked fifth on RPM Canadian Country Singles year-end chart of 1997. In the US, "Love Gets Me Every Time" peaked at number 25 on the all-genre Billboard Hot 100, her highest peak position at the time (the album’s third single "You're Still the One" would become a crossover smash hit and peak at the runner-up spot for over two months). The single also debuted at 29 on Billboard Hot Country Songs on the week of October 4, 1997, her highest debut at the time. After five weeks ascending the chart, the song climbed from number three to number-one on the week of November 8, 1997. It remained atop the chart for five consecutive weeks, becoming Twain's fifth and longest reign on country radio and was once tied third for most weeks at number one by a female artist. The track stayed on Hot Country Songs for a total of 20 weeks. The single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipment of over 500,000 physical copies in the US.