Paragraph 1: <blockquote>"General Dale, as a scout, a pilot to the emigrants who blazed the first path through the Creek Nation, from Georgia to Tombigby, with arms in there hands, and subsequently, as a spy among the Spaniards, at Pensacola, and as a partisan officer, during the most sanguinary epochs of the late war(1813 First Creek War - Red Stick War), present at every butchery, remarkable for "hair-breadth 'scapes," for caution and coolness in desperate emergencies, for exhibitions of gigantic personal strength and great moral courage, his story is studded over with spirit-stirring incidents, unsurpassed by any thing in legend or history.  His celebrated 'canoe fight,' where, in the Alabama river, he, with Smith and Jeremiah Austill, fought nine warriors, with clubbed rifles, killed them all, and rowed to shore, would be thought fabulous, if it had not been witnessed by many soldiers, standing upon the banks, who could render them no assistance.  Some years before, he was attacked by two warriors, who shouted their war-whoop, as he was kneeling down to drink, and rushed upon him with their tomahawks.  He knifed them both, and, though bleeding from five wounds, he retraced their trail nine miles, crept stealthily to their camp, brained three sleeping warriors and cut the thongs of a female prisoner, who lay by their side.  While in this act, however, a fourth sprang upon him, from behind a log.  Taken at such a disadvantage, and exhausted by the loss of blood, he sank under the serpent-grasp of the savage, who, with a yell of triumph, drew his knife, and, in a few moments, would have closed the contest.  At that instant, however, the woman drove a tomahawk deep into the head of the Indian, and thus preserved the life of her deliverer."</blockquote> – From "History of Alabama, and incidentally of Georgia and Mississippi, from the earliest period, Volume II" by Albert James Pickett, 1851

Paragraph 2: In 1852 Mother Warde opened houses in Hartford and New Haven to which free schools were attached; later on academies were opened and the works of mercy inaugurated. In 1854 Mrs. Goodloe Harper, daughter of Charles Carroll of Carrollton, donated to the congregation a house and some ground at Newport, R.I., for a convent and schools. Her daughter, Miss Emily Harper, was also a generous benefactor. In 1857 free and select schools were opened at Rochester, and later at Buffalo, by desire of Bishop Timon. On 16 July 1858, Mother Warde and a band of missionaries left Providence for Manchester, by invitation of Bishop Bacon of Portland, and there established night schools for factory children. St. Mary's Academy was opened the same year. In 1861, at the request of Bishop Wood, Mother Warde opened a convent at Philadelphia, where free schools and the works of mercy were instituted. In 1864 a foundation was sent to Omaha; in 1865 a branch house and schools were opened at Bangor, Maine; in 1871 a colony of sisters was sent to Yreka, California, and North Whitefield Mission, Maine, was undertaken by Mother Warde, who likewise sent foundations to Jersey City, Bordentown, and Princeton, N.J. In 1857 Bishop Bacon requested her to open an orphanage in Portland, but a disastrous fire delayed the work until 1872, when the Burlington foundation had been begun. The Kavanagh School was given to the sisters by Miss Winifred Kavanagh; an academy was also opened at Portland. On the feast of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross, 1878, Mother Warde sent the sisters to labour among the Indians of Maine at Old Town, Pleasant Point, and Dana's Point. The Government built the schoolhouses and paid the sisters salaries for teaching the Indian children. Mother Warde's last works were the opening of an Old Ladies' Home and a Young Ladies' Academy at Deering, Maine.

Paragraph 3: His mother was Lady Cynthia, a courtier and social worker. She was the daughter of Robert Crewe-Milnes, 1st Marquess of Crewe, by his first wife, the former Sibyl Graham, daughter of the Graham Baronets of Netherby. Colville never knew his maternal grandmother, who died young; his maternal grandfather, a Liberal Cabinet minister, remarried Margaret (Peggy) Primrose, daughter of Lord Rosebery, Liberal Prime Minister in 1894–1895, and his wife Hannah, heiress to her father’s Rothschild fortune. Lionel Nathan de Rothschild was a close friend of Colville's. Lady Cynthia, in addition to her duties as a Woman of the Bedchamber to Queen Mary, devoted her energies to alleviating the suffering of Shoreditch, one of the poorest areas of the East End of London.

Paragraph 4: Union forces under Thomas A. Morris, totaling approximately 4000 troops, beset confederates under confederate general Garnett at Laurel Mountain starting July 7, After less than a week of skirmishing Morris’ force came to a standoff against Garnett’s Confederate force on Laurel Hill.  Occasional sniper and artillery fire plagued both sides amidst inclement weather.  Stiff resistance convinced Morris he faced the main Confederate force.  On July 11, Garnett learned of the Union flanking maneuver at Rich Mountain and decided to withdraw from Laurel Mountain.  The 44th Virginia Infantry was ordered to hold the Beverly Road by engaging Federals to give the appearance of an attack.  With Gen. William Rosecrans’ Union brigade approaching from the South, Garnett abandoned the Beverly Road and withdrew toward Corrick’s Ford on the Cheat River where he was killed.

Paragraph 5: Evidence that Somerled or his father acknowledged David's dominance may exist in the capture of Malcolm itself, as Ailred's Relatio de Standardo indicates that treachery contributed to Malcolm's downfall. Furthermore, this chronicle reveals that men from the Isles and Lorne or Argyll formed part of the Scottish army at the Battle of the Standard, when David was defeated by the English, near Northallerton in 1138. This could also indicate that Somerled himself campaigned in David's service; on the other hand, it could be evidence that Somerled merely provided mercenary forces for the Scots. There may be further evidence that David regarded himself as overlord of Argyll. One charter, dating to between 1141 and 1147, records that David granted Holyrood Abbey half the teind of his portion of "cain" (see below) from Kintyre and Argyll. This particular charter is the earliest Scottish administrative document concerning Argyll. The word "cain" is ultimately derived from the Gaelic cáin, and refers to a payment (although not every payment) of tribute due to a lord. It appears to concern a regular payment of produce or foodstuffs, raised not only from a lord's personal possessions, but also from more remote regions that acknowledged his overlordship. Cain should not be confused with conveth or wayting, the rights of a lord to hospitality for himself and his retinue. Another charter, dating from between 1145 and 1153, records that he granted Urquhart Priory the teind of his portion of cain from Argyll, and his pleas and revenues from there. A later charter, dating from between 1150 and 1152, records that David granted the other half the teind of his cain from Argyll and Kintyre to Dunfermline Abbey. This latter charter includes the caveat "in whatever year I should receive it", which may suggest that whatever control David had exerted in Argyll at the time of the first charter had eroded by the time of the latter. Thus, Somerled's rise to power may have taken place sometime between 1141 and 1152. Although David may well have regarded Argyll as a Scottish tributary, the ensuing career of Somerled clearly reveals that the latter regarded himself a fully independent ruler.

Paragraph 6: In the 2014 season, due to Russia's repository of rhythmic gymnasts, Soldatova was part of the reserve team, and nevertheless made her senior debut competing in the senior international tournament division at the 2014 Moscow Grand Prix where she won the bronze medal in the All-around behind the Averina Twins (Dina and Arina). Soldatova was assigned to her first World Cup event after replacing Yulia Sinitsina in the entry list for the 2014 Debrecen World Cup where Soldatova finished 1st place in the all-around with a total score of 70.750 points, beating 2013 World Silver medalist Ganna Rizatdinova for the gold. In event finals, she won gold in clubs (18.067) and ribbon (17.633), silver in ball (17.583) and bronze in hoop (17.283) points. In 4–6 April, Soldatova competed at the 2014 Baltic Hoop where she won the all-around gold medal, teammate Arina Averina took the silver medal and bronze to Belarusian Katsiaryna Halkina. She won 3 gold medals in event finals: (in hoop, clubs, ribbon) and finished 4th in ball. In 23–27 April, Soldatova made her senior national appearance at the 2014 Russian Championships where she won the all-around bronze medal behind Yana Kudryavtseva (gold) and Margarita Mamun (silver). In 9–11 May, Soldatova competed in her second World Cup at the 2014 Corbeil-Essonnes World Cup where she finished 4th in all-around behind Ganna Rizatdinova, she qualified to 1 event final winning the silver medal in ball. Soldatova then competed at the 2014 Tashkent World Cup winning bronze in the all-around behind teammates Margarita Mamun and Yana Kudryavtseva who took the gold and silver medal respectively, she did not advance to the event finals due to the 2 gymnast per country rule, with Mamun and Kudryavtseva placing ahead of her in qualifications. In 4–6 July, Soldatova competed at the Izmir Tournament Cup and won the all-around gold ahead of teammate Maria Titova, she qualified to all 4 event finals and won gold in ribbon, 3 silver medals (hoop, ball and clubs). In 16–17 August, Soldatova was invited for an international competition meet in Vitoria, Brazil where she made a sweep of the gold medals with high scores in the all-around (71.500 points) and all event finals  (Hoop:18.150, Ball: 17.650, Clubs: 18.200, Ribbon: 18.000). In 22–28 September, Soldatova (along with teammates Yana Kudryavtseva and Margarita Mamun) represented Russia at the 2014 World Championships, she competed in only 2 apparatus, contributing scores of 17.675 (ball) and 18.050 (hoop) helping Russia win the Team gold medal with a total of 147.914 points. Soldatova did not advance to any event finals because of the 2 gymnast per country rule with Kudryavtseva and Mamun placed ahead of her in qualifications.

Paragraph 7: Since the release of Team Fortress 2, Valve has continually released free updates and patches through Steam for Windows, OS X, and Linux users; though most patches are used for improving the reliability of the software or to tweak gameplay changes, several patches have been used to introduce new features and gameplay modes, and are often associated with marketing materials such as comics or videos offered on the Team Fortress 2 website; this blog is also used to keep players up to date with the ongoing developments in Team Fortress 2. As of July 2012, each class has been given a dedicated patch that provides new weapons, items, and other gameplay changes; these class patches typically included the release of the class's "Meet the Team" video. Other major patches have included new gameplay modes including the Payload, Payload Race, Training, Highlander, Medieval, and Mann vs. Machine modes. Themed patches have also been released, such as a yearly Halloween-themed event called "Scream Fortress", where players may obtain unique items available only during a set period around the holiday. Other new features have given players the ability to craft items within the game from other items, trade items with other players, purchase in-game items through funds in Steam, and save and edit replay videos that can be posted to YouTube.

Paragraph 8: Despite the Nationals' losing record and poor pitching performances in 2021, manager Dave Martinez announced that pitching coach Jim Hickey would return for a second year in 2022; Martinez himself will return for a fifth season, along with most of the 2021 coaching staff. The Washington Post reported that first base coach Randy Knorr and third base coach Bob Henley would not return to the major league field staff, instead becoming the catching and field coordinators for the Nationals' player development system, following the departure of a number of coaches and coordinators late in the 2021 season. With hitting coach Kevin Long's one-year contract expiring, The Athletic reported that he would join the Philadelphia Phillies coaching staff, replacing former Nationals coach Joe Dillon, who returned to Washington as the organization's new minor league hitting coordinator. To replace Long, the Nationals announced the hiring of veteran hitting coach Darnell Coles, most recently of the Arizona Diamondbacks, on October 18, 2021. The Nationals hired former professional outfielder and Seattle Mariners minor league coach Eric Young Jr. as their first base coach later that month. The day after the 2021 World Series ended, on November 3, the Nationals announced the hiring of two new coaches previously with the New York Mets: third base coach Gary DiSarcina and bullpen coach Ricky Bones, with incumbent bullpen coach Henry Blanco moving to a newly created position as catching and strategy coach. The Nationals also replaced head strength and conditioning coach Matt Eiden, promoting Tony Rogowski from a minor league coordinator position to take on the major league coaching job. Minor league pitching coach Sam Narron was named pitching coordinator for the entire player development system, paired with Knorr and Henley in their new development roles. The Nationals also hired former major league outfielder Coco Crisp as outfield and baserunning coordinator, along with former minor league manager José Alguacil as infield coordinator and former major league infielder Bill Mueller as quality control coordinator. De Jon Watson, previously a special assistant to general manager Mike Rizzo, was named as the Nationals' new director of player development after assistant general manager Mark Scialabba, who had overseen player development for the Nationals since 2013, was reassigned to focus on player personnel. Organizational stalwart Spin Williams was joined by former Mets bench coach Dave Jauss as senior advisor to Watson in his new player development role. Under Watson, the Nationals made a major expansion to their minor league player development staff over the offseason, creating fourteen new positions and hiring more than 20 new staff members.

Paragraph 9: The temperance movement of the late nineteenth and early twentieth century, and emergency laws aimed at restricting drinking during the First World War created difficult trading conditions for brewers. In 1919 net profit was reported at £22,325 (£900,000 at 2010 prices). Samuel Wentworth Webster, a director of the company and grandson of the founder, died in 1928 with a personalty of £45,000 (£2.2 million in 2010). In 1928, one of the brewery's most successful beers was launched; Webster's Green Label, a light mild ale. In 1929 the company's entire stock of properties, land and brewery buildings was valued at £468,833 (£23.2 million in 2010). The company took over Joseph Stocks of Halifax in December 1932, which could trace its origins back to 1790. In 1957, Webster's took over the brewer, John Ainley & Sons Ltd. of Huddersfield and Woodhead Brothers of Elland, near Halifax, a mineral water manufacturer. The company dray horses, used for local beer deliveries, were retired by the end of the 1950s. In 1961 Webster's bought Daniel Fielding & Sons of Halifax, which added 19 public houses to their tied estate. The same year the company sought out partnership with the national brewer Watney Mann in order to benefit from the technical knowledge of the much larger company. In return Webster's brewed and sold the brewery conditioned Watney's Red Barrel ale throughout their tied estate. In 1962, a reciprocal trading agreement was reached with Ind Coope's North East division which saw Webster's houses stock lager for the first time. That same year the group won the contract to bottle Tuborg for West Yorkshire.

Paragraph 10: Attempts by the new Liberal Prime Minister Robert Menzies to outlaw the Communist Party of Australia were overturned in the High Court of Australia (see Australian Communist Party v Commonwealth) and defeated at a referendum in 1951. Members on both sides of the Australian House of Representatives advocated severing diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union. Relations between Australia and the Soviet Union hit a low point when Vladimir Petrov, the Third Secretary of the Soviet embassy in Canberra, an associate and appointee of Lavrentiy Beria who feared execution if he returned to the Soviet Union, defected at the end of his three-year assignment on 3 April 1954 with the help of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation and was given political asylum. The defection, which became known as the Petrov Affair, was disclosed by Menzies on 13 April 1954, the eve of the last day of Parliament before the May federal election. In his notice to Parliament Menzies disclosed that Petrov was an agent of the MVD and turned over to the Australian authorities details of Soviet intelligence operations in Australia, and announced intention for a Royal Commission to investigate Petrov's information, which included allegations of a Soviet fifth column being created in Australia. The revelations shocked the Australian public, which was more attuned to such things happening overseas. It was also reported that Evdokia Petrova, Petrov's wife and fellow MVD agent, had decided to stay with the Soviet Embassy in Canberra, and on 14 April, Petrova and Nikolai Generalov, the Soviet ambassador, accused Australian security services of kidnapping Petrov. On 19 April, the affair took another twist when Petrova was being escorted onto a waiting BOAC Constellation at Kingsford Smith Airport by Soviet diplomatic couriers for a flight back to the Soviet Union. William Wentworth took statutory declarations from Russian and Czechoslovakian anti-communists in the crowd who had stormed the tarmac to prevent Petrova from leaving, that they had heard her say Petrova calling out in Russian "I do not want to go. Save me", and asked Menzies to make the aircraft stop at Darwin in order to ask Petrova whether she wanted to leave Australia. Contrary to reports, Petrova did not cry out for help at Sydney Airport, but the aircraft did stop at Darwin Airport on a scheduled fuel-stop, enabling Australian security services to interview Petrova. After talking to Reginald Sylvester Leydin, the Government secretary, and to her husband on the phone, Petrova accepted the Australian government's offer of asylum and defected. The Soviets accused the Menzies government of manufacturing the defection of Petrov as an election stunt, ostensibly to boost his support in the upcoming elections, and on 21 April they also levelled against Petrov charges that he had misappropriated Embassy funds. Menzies dismissed the allegations, stating that he was waiting for such charges to be levelled as they were in the Gouzenko case in Canada, and also went on to say he believed the charges contradicted the Soviets' initial allegation that Petrov was kidnapped. The Australian government refused to hand over Petrov, who was deemed by the Soviets to be a criminal, and the Soviet government responded on 23 April 1954 by severing diplomatic relations with Australia, which saw the Soviet Embassy in Canberra being recalled and the Australian Embassy in Moscow being expelled. The Soviet decision was not unexpected, as it was thought by the Australian government to have been one possible response, but the swiftness of the decision was said to have shocked government advisers. The severance of diplomatic relations led to rumours that the Soviet Olympic team would not compete at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics. In the absence of diplomatic relations, the Soviet Union's interests in Australia were represented by Sweden, and Australia's interests in the Soviet Union were represented by the United Kingdom.

Paragraph 11: De Officiis (On Duties or On Obligations) is a political and ethical treatise by the Roman orator, philosopher, and statesman Marcus Tullius Cicero written in 44 BC. The treatise is divided into three books, in which Cicero expounds his conception of the best way to live, behave, and observe moral obligations. The work discusses what is honorable (Book I), what is to one's advantage (Book II), and what to do when the honorable and one's private interest apparently conflict (Book III). In the first two books Cicero was heavily influenced by the Stoic philosopher Panaetius, but wrote more independently for the third book. In addition to being a central component of liberal education for centuries, the work was held in high regard among many prolific philosophers and statesman including Augustine, Thomas Aquinas, Hugo Grotius, Montesquieu, Voltaire, and the American Founding Fathers. De Officiis, along with Xenophon's Cyropaedia, are considered among the foundational works in the genre of the mirrors for princes, now most famously associated with Machiavelli's The Prince.

Paragraph 12: Johnson offers a two-year full-time MBA program, which consists of one semester of mandatory courses (core), one semester in immersion, and an optional second-year concentration. Unlike other MBA programs whose mandatory courses occupy the entire first year, Johnson utilizes an intense first-semester core model, allowing students to engage in an immersion (concentration) and specialize before interviewing for summer internships. Students who do not have a business background before matriculating at Johnson may attend a week-long MBA math boot camp to get up to speed, and orientation consists of a two-week leadership course that culminates in the Johnson Outdoor Experience (JOE), a two-day adventure-based activity in the Finger Lakes foothills. For the Class of 2018, the number of applications jumped from 1,704 to 1,960, a 13.1% increase over the previous year.  Overall, the program enrolled 284 students, up from 274 for the previous class.  Despite this increase, the program is harder to get into, with the acceptance rate dropping from 32.4% to 27.3%.  Entrance statistics for the Class of 2018 include an average score of 700 on the GMAT and a median of five years of work experience. The student body is international and diverse, with 38% of students holding citizenship outside the United States. Women comprise 31% of the Class of 2018.

Paragraph 13: After the election of 2002 Van der Hoeven was appointed as Minister of Education, Culture and Science in the Cabinet Balkenende I, taking office on 22 July 2002. The Cabinet Balkenende I fell just four months later on 16 October 2002 after tensions in the coalition over the stability of the Pim Fortuyn List (LPF) and continued to serve in a demissionary capacity. After the election of 2003 Van der Hoeven returned as a Member of the House of Representatives, taking office on 30 January 2003. Following the cabinet formation of 2003 Van der Hoeven continued as Minister of Education, Culture and Science in the Cabinet Balkenende II, taking office on 27 May 2003. The Cabinet Balkenende II fell on 30 June 2006 after the Democrats 66 (D66) had lost confidence in the functioning of Minister of Integration and Asylum Affairs Rita Verdonk and continued to serve in a demissionary capacity until it was replaced by the caretaker Cabinet Balkenende III with Van der Hoeven remaining as Minister of Education, Culture and Science, taking office on 7 July 2006. After the election of 2006 Van der Hoeven again returned as a Member of the House of Representatives, taking office on 30 November 2006. Following the cabinet formation of 2006 Van der Hoeven was appointed as Minister of Economic Affairs in the Cabinet Balkenende IV, taking office on 22 February 2007. The Cabinet Balkenende IV fell on 20 February 2010 after tensions in the coalition over the extension of the Dutch involvement in the Task Force Urozgan of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan and continued to serve in a demissionary capacity. In May 2010 Van der Hoeven announced that she wouldn't stand for the election of 2010. Following the cabinet formation of 2010 Van der Hoeven was not giving a cabinet post in the new cabinet, the Cabinet Balkenende IV was replaced by the Cabinet Rutte I on 14 October 2010.

Paragraph 14: In his childhood the pious Stanggassinger announced that he would become a priest in due course when he grew older and he often liked to pretend that he was a priest. He liked to gather other children and adolescents during periods of vacation and would go to Mass with them or hike or do other activities.On one occasion a friend was in danger of falling while mountain climbing but he risked his life to see him safe and sound. In 1887 he made a private vow to remain chaste and in 1889 contracted a serious illness but recovered and so consecrated himself to the Sacred Heart of Jesus Christ. He first attended a high school in Freising and completed his studies there on 7 January 1890 before beginning his studies for the priesthood on 22 November 1890 in the Archdiocese of Munich and Freising. But he struggled with his studies and so his father issued him with an ultimatum: finish his studies and buckle down or leave and find work someplace. He In 1890 he visited Vienna and Innsbruck and made other trips to places such as Munich and Salzburg. On 2 April 1892 he received the tonsure and the minor orders. That summer he went on pilgrimage to a Marian shrine in the nation's south and there experienced a strong urge to join the Redemptorists.

Paragraph 15: Marion Watt (45), Vivienne Watt (16) and Margaret Brown (41): Marion, her daughter Vivienne, and her sister Margaret were shot dead in their home in Burnside, Lanarkshire on 17 September 1956. At the time of the murders, Manuel was out on bail for housebreaking  at a nearby colliery and officers in charge of the manhunt for the Watts' killer suspected him.  However, for a time the main suspect was Marion's husband, William, who had been on a fishing holiday in Ardrishaig, but was suspected of driving around 90 miles through the night, faking a break-in to his own house, murdering his family, and driving back.  The ferryman on the Renfrew Ferry claimed to have seen him on the ferry during the night (although this was not the most direct route) and a motorist claimed to have passed him on Loch Lomondside.  Both witnesses picked him out at an identity parade. William Watt was arrested and held on remand in Barlinnie Prison, then released two months later, after the police realized that they could not make the case against him stick, and the ferryman seemed confused about what type of car he had driven.  The police did not find any serious motive which might have led Watt to murder his family, although it emerged that he had a number of affairs during his marriage.  Police frogmen searched the Crinan Canal next to the hotel where Watt had stayed, looking for a murder weapon and bloodstained clothing, but the weapon was in another stretch of water further south.  It was established that the level of petrol in Watt's car had not fallen during his alleged overnight drive, so the police questioned petrol stations along the route to see if he had refuelled, and even speculated that he might have had a secret cache of petrol, and searched the route for it.  William Watt remained the main suspect until the Smart family murder just a few miles away, when the police realized that there was a serial killer on the loose.  At Manuel's trial, the defence argued that Watt had committed these murders.

Paragraph 16: Nevertheless, Newport had already recommended Ottley and Sir Francis Lawley as MPs for the county of Shropshire, and they were duly elected in April. However, the borough of Shrewsbury elected as its two members its town clerk, Thomas Jones, a leading Presbyterian although never an enthusiastic Parliamentarian, and Robert Leighton, who had been uncommitted in the Civil War.  Attempts under the Convention Parliament (1660) to accommodate the Presbyterians within the Church of England had come to nothing. Jones was determined to entrench Presbyterianism in Shrewsbury for as long as possible. In October 1661 he had a new deed of appointment drawn up for Francis Tallents, the Presbyterian minister of St Mary's Church, which was technically a Royal Peculiar but actually in the gift of the council. Jones was supported in this by the mayor, Richard Bagot, and the headmaster of Shrewsbury School, Richard Pigot. The Corporation Act of December 1661 gave Newport and Ottley an opportunity, as it sought to remove Presbyterians from office by forcing them to abjure the Solemn League and Covenant. Newport urged Ottley to use his seat at Westminster to speak out against Jones. Ottley's intervention sent Jones back to Shrewsbury, where he tried to get all vacant places on the council immediately filled with supporters. However, the deputy lieutenants sent men to impose house arrest on the mayor and aldermen and removed them from office for refusing to take the oath. Tallents and Pigot, together with other known Presbyterians and ex-Roundhead officers were imprisoned in July 1662. Newport and a group of county gentry were appointed commissioners to review and reform the governance of the town. They appointed Adam Ottley town clerk in place of Jones on 9 August, citing Jones's long record of political manoeuvring, promoting Presbytrerianism, giving legal advice to suspects. This was followed by a thorough purge of Nonconformists from public life. There was widespread agitation against the restored monarchy early in 1663. Repressive activity in Shropshire was initially at a lower level than in neighbouring counties. However, in July 1663 Newport used the rumour of a plot to seize Chester Castle to send Ottley after supposed conspiratorial meetings of ejected ministers in Shrewsbury, with detailed instructions for spying and intimidation. In October, with rumours of plots still abounding, Newport told Ottley to confine military preparations to the close guarding of the major towns to avoid the expense of mobilising the militia outside the time of the general muster. Later he reverted to warning that the Presbyterians of Shrewsbury might be in league with conspirators in the North of England and recommending that they and Waring be subject to a fishing expedition with a view to "entrap some of them in their answers." A similar group of suspects were subjected to further detention in August 1665.

Paragraph 17: The early records of the club have been lost, but there are references to a Jesus College boat in material that survives from the early 19th century. There are references to "pleasure boating" at Oxford in letters and poems written in the late 18th century, but races between crews from different colleges did not start until the early 19th century. Rowing in eights (boats with eight oarsmen, each pulling one oar, and steered by a coxswain) began at Eton, where there is a record of the school owning three eights by 1811, and then progressed to Oxford. The first record of an inter-college race, between eights from Jesus College and Brasenose College, dates from 1815. These may have been the only two colleges who had boats racing at that time, and the Brasenose boat was usually victorious. There were few rowers, and races between fours (boats with four oarsmen and a coxswain) tended to attract more interest than races between eights. Students would row to the inn at Sandford-on-Thames, a few miles south of Oxford, and race each other on the way back. The races would start at Iffley Lock and finish at King's Barge, off Christ Church Meadow. Flags hoisted on the barge would indicate the finishing order of the crews. Crews would set off one behind the other, the trailing boat(s) trying to catch, or "bump", the boat ahead. The bumped boat and the bumping boat would then drop out and the bumping boat would start the next day's race ahead of the bumped boat. The aim was to become the lead boat, known as Head of the River. For identification, crews wore college colours and emblazoned the rudder of the boat with the college coat of arms. Crews from Jesus College painted leeks (an emblem of Wales) on their oars for further distinction. In early races, some rowers wore high hats while others, including the Jesus crews, wore Tam o'shanters in college colours (green with a white band for Jesus); crews from Jesus College wore these until at least 1847.

Paragraph 18: For Sikhs, in addition to its significance as the harvest festival, during which Sikhs hold kirtans, visit local Gurdwaras, community fairs, hold nagar kirtan processions, raise the Nishan Sahib flag, and gather to socialize and share festive foods, Vaisakhi observes major events in the history of Sikhism and the Indian subcontinent that happened in the Punjab region. Vaisakhi as a major Sikh festival marks the birth of the Khalsa order by Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of Sikhism, on 13 April 1699. Later, Ranjit Singh was proclaimed as Maharaja of the Sikh Empire on 12 April 1801 (to coincide with Vaisakhi), creating a unified political state, Vaisakhi was also the day when Bengal Army officer Reginald Dyer orders his troops to shoot into a protesting crowd, an event which would come to be known the Jallianwala Bagh massacre; the massacre proved influential to the history of the Indian independence movement.

Paragraph 19: Li Sisheng was born in 711, during the second reign of his grandfather Emperor Ruizong, as the third son of his father, then the Crown Prince, Li Longji, who would later become Emperor Xuanzong.  His mother Consort Yang Guipin (posthumously Empress Yuanxian) was from the imperial clan of the preceding Sui dynasty.  Her great-grandfather Yang Shida () was a high -level official during Sui and had been given the title Prince of Zheng ().  Her father Yang Zhiqing () was a general of the imperial guards during Tang.  At the time that Consort Yang Guipin was pregnant with Li Sisheng, Li Longji was locked in a power struggle with his aunt, Emperor Ruizong's sister Princess Taiping, and it was said that Princess Taiping had placed many associates in the crown prince's palace to spy on Li Longji and that she did not want him to have many sons.  (He already had two by that point—Li Sisheng's older brothers Li Sizhi, later named Li Cong (by Consort Liu) and Li Siqian, later named Li Ying (by Consort Zhao).)  Li Longji was worried that, if Princess Taiping found out that Yang Guipin was pregnant, Princess Taiping's associates might harm him, and he spoke to a close associate, Zhang Shuo, stating: "A powerful individual did not want me to have many sons.  I am afraid that this woman would become a target.  What do you think?"  Li Longji began to prepare an herbal stew that, in traditional Chinese medicine, was believed to be able to induce an abortion, but as he did so, fell asleep and had a dream that a god descended and overturned the ding holding the stew.  When he told Zhang this as well, Zhang responded, "This is heaven's will.  You should not worry."  (As a result, later on in life, Li Sisheng would feel personally indebted to Zhang Shuo.)

Paragraph 20: Once he has the Judge in his chair, Todd soothes him with another conversation on women, but this time he alludes to their "fellow tastes, in women at least". The Judge recognizes him as "Benjamin Barker!" just before Todd slashes his throat and sends him hurtling down the chute ("The Judge's Return"). Remembering Toby, Todd starts to leave, but, realizing he has left his razor behind, returns just as the disguised Johanna rises, horrified, from the trunk. Not recognizing her, Todd attempts to kill her, just as Mrs. Lovett shrieks from the bakehouse below, providing a distraction for Johanna to escape. Downstairs, Mrs. Lovett is struggling with the dying Judge, who claws at her. She then attempts to drag the beggar woman's body into the oven, but Todd arrives and, through a shaft of light, sees the lifeless face clearly for the first time: the beggar woman was his wife Lucy. Horrified, Todd accuses Mrs. Lovett of lying to him. Mrs. Lovett frantically denies it, explaining that Lucy did indeed poison herself, but lived, although the attempt left her insane. Mrs. Lovett then tells Todd she loves him and would be a better wife than Lucy ever could have been. Todd feigns forgiveness, dancing manically with Mrs. Lovett until he hurls her into the oven, burning her alive. Full of despair and in shock, Todd embraces the dead Lucy. Toby, now insane and his hair turned white, crawls up from the sewer babbling nursery rhymes to himself. He picks up Todd's fallen razor and slits Todd's throat. As Todd falls dead and Toby drops the razor, Anthony, Johanna and some others break into the bakehouse. Toby, heedless of them, begins turning the meat grinder, crooning Mrs. Lovett's previous instructions to him ("Final Scene").

Paragraph 21: Apenheul is home to about 70 species of animals, 35 of which are primates. The park houses lemurs from Madagascar, monkeys from Central and South America, and monkeys and apes from Asia and Africa. Primates include black-capped squirrel monkeys, yellow-breasted capuchins, black howlers, Lac Alaotra bamboo lemurs, crowned sifakas, ring-tailed lemurs, red ruffed lemurs, black-and-white ruffed lemurs, red bellied lemurs, crowned lemurs, blue-eyed black lemurs, bonobos, Bornean orangutans, East Javan langurs, collared mangabeys, lion-tailed macaques, barbary macaques, western lowland gorillas, patas monkeys, L'Hoest's monkeys, white-faced saki monkeys, golden-headed lion tamarins, northern white-cheeked gibbons, emperor tamarins, silvery marmosets, Goeldi's monkeys, Venezuelan red howlers, grey-legged night monkeys, pygmy marmosets, Colombian white-headed capuchins, Colombian spider monkeys, Hanuman langurs, pied tamarins, red titi monkeys, golden lion tamarins, black-tufted marmosets, black bearded sakis, and woolly monkeys.

Paragraph 22:  Critical reception Still da Baddest garnered generally positive reviews from critics, most of whom favored Trina's signature raunchy rap styling over a softer-side. Awarding the album three-and-a-half stars, David Jeffries of AllMusic praised the album for capturing the raw edge found on the rappers debut album with a modern twist, but had mixed emotions on the album's ability to duplicate the success found in "Here We Go" (2005). Jeffries continued his review by noting "I Got a Thing for You" and "Wish I Never Met You" as the album's main flaws, referencing them as "manufactured 'Here We Go' clones" dragging down what would otherwise be an entirely successful full-length. Jeffries ends his review by stating "It's the abundance of these brassy, 'love me or hate me' moments that make Still Da Baddest a step in the right direction and one of her better efforts, even with the woefully uninspired ballads." Praising Trina's appealing curves, frank attitude and seductive songs, Jason Seifer of Walmart praised Trina's raunchy style stating "Any concerns Trina had about being reduced in rank or status are quickly squashed within the span of a dozen tracks, leaving Katrina Taylor the freedom to get a little more personal with her audience." Seifer went on to compliment Trina's softer side on the Keyshia Cole-assisted "I Got A Thang For You," later showing great appreciation on the album's tracks that featured additional rappers and vocalists. Praising Trina as one of the few female rappers around at the time, Alex Thornton of HipHopDX noted that although Still da Baddest isn't a huge leap for Trina in terms of subject matter, more effort has been obviously put into this album than any of her past releases. Thornton went on to negatively state that the album is ultimately forgettable since much of her work borrows from recent Pop and Hip Hop successes by other artists, even though it was never intended to be an artsy, avant-garde offering for hipsters so the formulaic approach isn't as much of a problem as it might seem. Aisha Johnson of AllHipHop noted that the album lacks any true substance and fails to go beyond her sexually aggressive commentary. Praising Trinas fiery southern flow alongside guest appearances from Missy, Keyshia Cole, and Rick Ross to help bring forth some creative synergy, Johnson felt the LP doesn't compare to the rappers debut Da Baddest B***h. Awarding Trina with the title of "Queen Victoria of Rap," Evelyn McDonnell of VIBE praised the album for proving Trina to not be a "one trick pony," favoring standout tracks like "Clear It Out," "Single Again, "Look Back At Me," and "Wish I Never Met You."

Paragraph 23: The Socialist Workers Party (SWP) and its youth group the Young Socialist Alliance YSA became involved very early in the GI resistance movement and with the GI press. Fred Halsted, the leader of the SWP during the Vietnam War, claims in his book "Out Now! - A Participant's Account of the American Movement Against the Vietnam War", that the YSA "was the only major radical youth group to consistently advocate work among GIs." It is true that most of the antiwar and radical forces in the early years of the war, prior to around 1968, focused mainly on broad antiwar work and draft resistance, whereas the YSA did have members entering the military. Halstead explained the YSA was opposed to the draft, but "YSAers did not advocate or engage in draft refusal...because they didn't think it was the most effective thing to do. To them it seemed that, in a choice between spending two years or so in jail or an indefinite time in exile as opposed to spending two years in the army talking to fellow GIs against the war, the army was politically the more effective choice." He went on to say that it was left up to the individual YSA member, but "with few exceptions YSAers who were drafted chose to enter the military." In the early days of the war, a drafted YSAer would show up for induction with an armload of antiwar literature and a number of antiwar supporters. The Army would draft them anyway, but as time went on began to rue that decision and started refusing to induct YSAers. This change of heart on the Army's part was, of course, because some of the early GIs public resisters were YSAers. For example, Joe Miles, a Black activist from Washington, DC, was a member of the YSA before he got drafted in 1968. He went into the Army as an organizer against the war and racism, where as described above, he started playing Malcolm X tapes in the barracks and ended up causing no end of trouble for the Army. He helped create chapters of GIs United at three different bases, Fort Jackson, Fort Bragg and Fort Richardson, and at each base he helped create the underground newspapers The Short Times, Bragg Briefs and Anchorage Troop. YSA members had a hand in a number of other GI publications, including  G.I. Voice (the one out of New York City area), The GI Organizer, New Salute, The Oppressed, The Pawn, Open Ranks, Aboveground, The Retaliation, Star Spangled Bummer and The Twin Cities Protester.

Paragraph 24: Zakir Rashid Bhat was an Islamist Kashmiri militant popularly known as Zakir Musa. He was a former field operational commander of Hizbul Mujahedeen. In May 2017, Musa criticized the Hurriyat leaders for calling the Kashmir conflict a political objective rather than a religious one to establish Islamic rule. He warned them not to become a "thorn" in the imposition of Sharia in Kashmir, but after a few hours, Hizbul Mujahideen immediately disassociated itself from Zakir Musa's statement and Zakir Musa in response quit the organization after releasing statements to support his argument that the struggle in Kashmir was not for political purposes. Following Musa's split, Pro-Zakir Musa Kashmiri militants formed a militant faction named Zakir Musa Army 313 to openly support Musa and his "Islamic Rule" ideology. In July 2017 the faction joined Al-Qaeda as Musa was impressed by Al-Qaeda's religious objective of imposing Sharia law in Kashmir and he formed a new cell of Al-Qaeda named Ansar Ghazwat-ul-Hind. In the same month, the Global Islamic Media Front-affiliated Al Hurr media channel of Ansar Ghazwat-ul-Hind claimed that Zakir Musa had been named the head of Ansar Ghazwat-ul-Hind, a newly created cell of Al-Qaeda. After the killing of militant commander Abu Dujana and Arif Lelhari, a statement purported to be from Musa was released. The statement claimed that Abu Dujana and Arif Lelhari left Lashkar-e-Taiba, had joined Al-Qaeda and helped establish a new cell of Al-Qaeda in Kashmir. Officials stated that the voice in the video matched those of the earlier audio clips by Musa, though the state's DGP S.P. Vaid stated there was no way of authenticating the clips even though there were reports that Dujana and Musa were close at the time. Meanwhile, an audio clip circulated on media that claimed to be the last message from Dujana and Arif during their encounter. Two voices claim allegiance to Al-Qaeda; however, no gunfire is heard and the authenticity of the clip was not proven. Zakir Musa was one of the most wanted militants in Jammu and Kashmir after Burhan Wani with a bounty of 1 million Indian rupees on his head announced by the Government of India. In November 2017 the Ansar Ghazwat-ul-Hind formed an alliance with Hizbul Mujahideen. After the meeting of Riyaz Naikoo with Ansar Ghazwat-ul-Hind, Zakir Musa released an audio tape after a few days of meetings, where he called all Kashmiri Mujahideen groups to unite for Jihad against enemies of Islam, with the goal to achieve freedom from India and enforce a Sharia law-based Islamic revolution in the region. He also warned 'Don't forget Kashmir if Pakistan withdraws its support to Kashmir, the insurgency would be also fought inside Pakistan'. Afterwards, Syed Salahuddin, the chief of Hizbul Mujahideen, released a statement threatening the Pakistan Army: 'We are fighting for Kashmiri Muslims in Kashmir and if Pakistan army withdraws its support, the war would be fought inside Pakistan too'.

Paragraph 25: Hank Rutherford Hill (voiced by Mike Judge) is the main protagonist who proudly sells "propane and propane accessories" as the assistant manager at Strickland Propane. Hank's enthusiasm for his career is not usually shared by other characters in the series. The episodes "Movin' On Up" and "Chasing Bobby" show Hank escaping from his troubled home life by working on his lawn and truck when times are tough. Hank resembles—in both voice and appearance—the Tom Anderson character from Beavis and Butt-Head, who is also voiced by Judge. Hank is usually a well-meaning father, but is often confused and anxious towards modern trends and the antics of his friends and family members. He suffers from a narrow urethra, which made Bobby's conception difficult. Hank is uncomfortable with public displays of intimacy with his wife and son. He has a very difficult time saying "I love you" to any member of his family, as he thinks it is unmanly. Hank's trademark exclamation when surprised or angered or in times of discomfort (sounding like "Bwaaa!") and his phrase "I tell you what" ("what" in his dialect being pronounced "hwaht") are running gags on the series. Hank is a product of a bygone era - always faithful, friendly, firm, reasonable, well-read, and hard-working. Much of the series revolves around Hank's desire to do the right thing compared to much of the rest of the people around him who would rather cheat, lie or exploit; however, the people who try to take advantage of Hank tend to regret it because Hank is tougher and a lot shrewder than they thought. His favorite sports team is the Dallas Cowboys (he never expressed much interest in the NBA and Major League Baseball teams in the Dallas-Fort Worth area) though he has indicated that being a Houston Texans fan isn't out of the question because they aren't in the same NFL conference as Dallas and would only require any rooting interest decisions if the Cowboys and Texans somehow faced each other in a Super Bowl. Hank is a proud Texan, having grown up there. He was, however, born in a ladies room at Yankee Stadium, and spent the first three days of his life in New York City.

Paragraph 26: The founder, A. D. Newcomb, designed a lifeboat that was completely enclosed and sealed with the occupants receiving air through compressed oxygen tanks. In February 1916, the Newcomb Lifeboat Company was incorporated in Richmond, Virginia. Several days prior to the official declaration of war against Germany in March 1917, the US Congress voted $115,000,000 for the war effort including the purchase of additional torpedo boat destroyers.  Federal agents canvassed all the available shipyards reaching a handshake agreement with Newcomb to build five of its newly designed SC-1-class submarine chasers, one of 33 private yards and 6 navy yards that built the ship. As the Newcomb yard in Richmond was of insufficient size, the company purchased the abandoned facilities of the Chesapeake Gas Engine Corporation in Hampton, Virginia which had a railway large enough to handle several boats. They endeavored to build four ways of which only three were completed.  The company further secured a contract to build a marine railway and install propulsion machinery in twenty wooden hulls. The railway was cancelled after determining that soil conditions would have required extensive and costly dredging. In June 2017, Newcomb secured a contract with the United States Shipping Boards Emergency Fleet Corporation (EFT) to build four Design 1001 cargo ships at a cost of $367,563 per ship. Employment at the yard increased from 212 in July 2017 to 707 in July 2018. In April 1918, the official name of the company was changed to The Hampton Shipbuilding & Marine Railway Corp and the city of incorporation of the company was changed to Hampton, Virginia. In 1918, the five SC-1-class submarine chasers (numbered SC-218 through SC-222) were completed and delivered to the US Navy.  In August 1918, the shipyard was taken over by the Charles H. Tenney & Company which agreed to complete the ships under construction. Three Design 1001 hulls were laid down before the Armistice of 11 November 1918 was signed and the EFC determined that the massive buildup in shipping was no longer required. In December 2018, the EFC cancelled the contract although agreeing to fund the completion of two ships (then 61% and 82% completed) on a cost plus fee basis. The third hull (21% completed) was discarded.  The Luray was launched on April 17, 1919 and the Kohoka (Kahoka) was launched on July 1, 1919. In April 1921, the shipyard was sold at auction.

Paragraph 27: In the original comics, the Japanese government needed a team of state-sanctioned superheroes, so they consulted the "Giri", a top-secret consortium of politicians and business entities. The Giri was formed to recruit and train potential individuals for "Big Hero 6", a team of superhuman operatives. Despite reservations by some members of the Giri, Silver Samurai, a freelance ronin and former bodyguard of the terrorist Viper, was appointed as the team's field commander. Secret agent Honey Lemon, inventor of the nanotechnology-based Power Purse from which she can access any object, also agreed to join the team. The tough-talking GoGo Tomago, able to transubstantiate her body into a fiery force blast by uttering her code name, was released from prison on the condition that she serve on the team. Finally, the Machiavellian bureaucrat known only as Mr. Oshima is appointed as the Giri's spokesperson and coordinates the team's activities.

Paragraph 28: The album met with positive reviews, it was very well received by critics. Allmusic gave the album a rating of 4 out of 5 stars and said: "a 12-string Portuguese guitar, a conventional six-string guitar, a bass, and her achingly lovely voice belting out fados both new and old in a style that draws deeply on tradition while incorporating subtle melodic and rhythmic innovations in a seamless, unprepossessing way. What's newest and most modern about her songs is the lyrical shift; where older songs from the fado tradition reflect the more subservient role of women in earlier Portuguese society, the contemporary compositions that Moura sings are informed by the greater independence women enjoy today. "In matters of the heart," Moura says, "we face our feelings in different ways and the ways we tell our story are different." The feelings themselves are still pretty much the same, however. Songs like "A Penumbra," "De Quando em Vez," and "Leva-me aos Fados" all deal with the particular brand of romantic longing that is particular to this genre: a dark and bittersweet sense of loss and regret. The recurring theme is not "I love you" or "Please love me," but instead something along the lines of "Our love will never be possible, so I'm going to stand in this smoky bar and sing my heartache." Every song on this album is gorgeous and richly emotional without being bombastically emotive, and the rhythmic and thematic experiments. A tango rhythm here, a strutting and defiant backbeat there—only serve to deepen and enrich the tradition to which Ana Moura is clearly devoted.". Amazon gave a positive review to the album and said: "Moura communicates world-weary, indomitable courage spiced with a risqué tang of dark passion that hurts so good". DiscoDigital gave a very positive review commenting that "the album is absolutely gorgeous, Ana Moura sings like she never sung before. The musical direction is perfect, Overall, the album is great from the beginning to the end". IOL Música gave the album a rating of 3 out of 5 stars calling it "a smooth sweet fado album". Music Review gave the album a positive review and said: "You may not speak any Portuguese or know the first thing about fado music, but that shouldn't stop you from appreciating Ana Moura's recording "Leva-Me aos Fados". This is a wonderful recording of beautiful and haunting music that won't fail to touch your heart. If you've forgotten what true passion feels like, this will serve as a timely reminder". O Interior gave the album a rating of 3 out of 5 calling it "a great original album of fado".

Paragraph 29: Specific information on how much Freda and Bava directed the film differ between interviews and recollections. Freda noted with an interview with Luigi Cozzi in 1971 that he "left it when there were just two days of shooting left. I did shoot it yes, but it's Bava's type of film. I don't enclose it in my body of work. The only thing I remember with pleasure about it are the statues that decorated the sets: I sculpted them myself." Bava described Caltiki – The Immortal Monster as "my very first film", while noting that Freda had fled the set "because everything was falling to pieces. I managed to carry it out, patching it up here and there". Cozzi commented on his interview with Freda in 2004, stating that his own words were misinterpreted and that "the truth is only one: the director of Calitiki il mostro immortale is Riccardo Freda, full stop. Mario Bava did take care of the cinematography, the special effects and directed the scenes with the miniatures (that is, mostly the tanks....), and in addition to that he filmed some shots of soldiers with flame throwers. That's all, and of course it cannot be enough to say that Bava directed that movie." Cozzi also stated that Bava spoke about the film, stating that "I did not direct Caltiki. The director of that movie is Freda. Only at a certain point, after principal shooting ended, Freda started editing the picture and then he had a big argument with the producer [...] Then Freda walked out." Bava's statement from Cozzi then noted that Bava finished some special effects shot, scenes with soldiers with flame throwers for the ending of the film and declared "that does not mean I was the director of Caltiki: that is a Riccardo Freda film." According to Bava's biographer Tim Lucas, Freda's walk-off left "two or three weeks of filming", leaving Bava to shoot over 100 special effects shots for a 76-minute long production.

Paragraph 30: Dascyllus albisella are a relatively passive species that spends most of their time foraging. Normally, males are the more aggressive of the two genders as they are the ones that usually exhibit parental care. While male aggressiveness is expected, males exhibit sole care of the offspring unlike most animals. This is due to the uniparental nature of Dascyllus albisella. This does not indicate that the females are not present whatsoever. Nor does this show that the females only have a duty to lay the eggs. In cases where the male is not present, females may develop more aggressiveness depending on the situation. As we can see, females do not desert the nest after mating. Females that are larger are more likely to defend the nest in the absence of the male than smaller females. That being said, the nest is defended most frequently by females that were born at that nest. This does not apply to all the females. Some females, even when raised at the nest will not defend the nest regardless. This increased aggressiveness is more favored towards the larger females, however the correlation isn't terribly strong between size and nest defense.  There is only a tendency for larger fish to defend. In another case when both parents are present, the female will display increased aggressiveness when predation levels increase. Females have a tendency to only display aggressiveness when said female's eggs are in danger.  Dascyllus albisella displays aggression by making chirping sounds. There is a difference in the chirping that Dascyllus albisella utilizes towards their own versus other organisms. Females tend to produce aggressive sounds when a male is chased by other female fish. Towards their own species, they make a popping sound that is composed of multiple pulses.  In addition, they make these aggressive sounds when chasing juveniles. Towards other species, Dascyllus albisella will make a one and two pulse. The fact that they make different aggressive sounds towards other species shows that they are capable of distinguishing themselves from one another  Dascyllus albisella are also known to hold territories. A territory holder will interact aggressively only when other fish attempt to enter its domain. A territory holder will tolerate most of the fish entering its territory. However, a few fish will be chased away immediately. This behavior is possibly due to those chased away were of similar size to the territory holder and threatened its control on its own territory Dascyllus albisella interact with each other at an early age as well. The younger fish are referred to as juveniles. In these juvenile interactions we see that Dascyllus albisella form a size based linear dominance. As one can expect, the aggressive scuffles are between larger fish and smaller fish. This behavior most likely establishes the hierarchy early on. This is further reinforced by the observation that growth is less in lower status fish or in larger groups. For larger groups this is most likely that the fish in the group are keeping each other smaller due to the hierarchy, as a result, they retard their growth. We see that these fish will settle in a group during settling season and said fish will stay in their group even if they chance upon a better group, which shows that Dascyllus albisella aren't that aggressive in their choice of group.