Paragraph 1: Amy is introduced to the show as a hardline feminist; her first scene places her as an executive from a women's political action group, asked to meet with Josh Lyman in her office about a United Nations prostitution treaty. Amy continually presses Josh on an issue in the treaty, eventually threatening to stall the judicial nominations made by President Josiah Bartlet. To reassure Josh, she comments "I didn’t burn my bras, J. In fact, I like my bras. I ring your bell when it's important". This allows Amy to soften her aura and show that she is still part of the system—not a "crazy" feminist to be scared of—without apologizing for her viewpoint. Patrick Webster contended that Amy was still "perhaps the one character in the series with a clear feminist viewpoint, and the only character to have a genuinely militant attitude towards equality of the genders".

Paragraph 2: From 1972 to 1975, Ostry was Chief Statistician of Canada at Statistics Canada. From 1975 to 1978, Ostry was Deputy Minister, Consumer and Corporate Affairs. From 1978 to 1979, she was Chairman, Economic Council of Canada. From 1979 to 1983, she was Head of the Department of Economics and Statistics of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, Paris. From 1984 to 1985 she was Deputy Minister, International Trade, and Coordinator, International Economic Relations.  Later, in 1986 Ostry became a member of the influential Washington-based financial advisory body, the Group of Thirty. During the 1988 G7 Summit in Toronto, Ostry served as Canada's sherpa.

Paragraph 3: The crystallising issue for the East German uprising of 1953 involved recent increases in "work quotas", which became a particular issue for workers in large production units.   On 16 June 1953 construction workers in East Berlin started a strike and a march on the headquarters of the East German Trades Union Federation (which was a creature of the government).   Strikes and street demonstrators spread across East Berlin and then, within a day, to other major East German cities, including Magdeburg.   At around 08.00 on 17 June 1953 Ernst Jennrich grabbed his bicycle and left his place of work, heading for the administrative office  of the LPG for which he worked, in order to collect a documentary permit for timber clearance.   While Jennrich was cycling across the city, in another part of the town, along the Kastanienstraße, about 200 workers had gathered, calling on passing citizens to join them for a general strike and street demonstration.   They stopped trams and buses in order to encourage fellow workers to interrupt their commute and join the demonstration.   By 09.30 the 200 demonstrators had become 2,000, and the numbers kept on growing.   By the mid-morning, the city was on strike and the strikers were on the march across Magdeburg.   Jennrich was initially bemused, unaware of why there were so many people out on the streets.   He would later tell a court, "I simply had no idea how a strike was meant to look, since I’d never been involved in a strike".   According to at least one source, as he returned from the LPG office with his timber clearance permit, Jennrich had to dismount from his bicycle because it was no longer safe, nor even possible, to cycle through the crowds.   Elsewhere it is reported that as he began to understand "how a strike was meant to look", he presumably joined the flow in demonstrating against price rises for consumers and the imposition of increased production quotas on workers.   Along the way he diverted to the furniture factory where his wife was employed, and asked the people he met there if they didn't want to strike with the others.   This casual question was evidently overheard by a party loyalist, and would later be interpreted by a court as , the very serious crime of "inciting a boycott".

Paragraph 4: The Near South Side was initially noted for wagon trails winding through a lightly populated bend of Lake Michigan. It was on one of these trails that the Fort Dearborn Massacre occurred in 1812. This area was first populated by settlers working for the Illinois & Michigan Canal, who subsequently worked in the lumber district. Proximity to the railroads attracted light manufacturing and shops. In 1853, the community was absorbed by the extension of the city limits to 31st Street; in the same period, the Illinois Central Railroad was built into Chicago.  In 1859, a South State Street horse-drawn streetcar line, linking the area to downtown, attracted wealthy families to the area. By the time of the Great Chicago Fire in 1871, it was home to some of the city's finest mansions and most elite social families, and in the 1890s the railroad's Central Station opened at 12th Street. However, by the start of the 20th century, rapid transit evolved and many families moved slightly farther from the Loop business district. The railroads brought warehouses and light manufacturing. Michigan Avenue between 14th Street and 22nd Street became an auto row. The "Levee" vice district of brothels and gambling dens around Cermak Street and State Street prospered until 1912. Burnham Park and several accompanying institutions were built in the 1910s and 1920s. World War I and post World War I Great Migration settlers moved in and created the low-rent "Black Belt". Urban renewal and public housing projects later replaced some of the slums. In the 1940s, some of the city's slums were on the Near South Side.

Paragraph 5: In the summer of 2003, Turner played seven gigs in York and Liverpool as a rhythm guitarist for the funk band Judan Suki, after meeting the lead singer Jon McClure on a bus. That August, while recording a demo with Judan Suki at Sheffield's 2fly Studios, Turner asked Alan Smyth if he would produce an Arctic Monkeys demo. Smyth obliged and "thought they definitely had something special going on. I told Alex off for singing in an American voice at that first session." An introduction by Smyth led to the band acquiring a management team, Geoff Barradale and Ian McAndrew. They paid for Smyth and Arctic Monkeys to record numerous three-song demos in 2003 and 2004. Turner was quiet and observant during studio sessions, remembered Smyth: "Whenever anyone popped in the studio, he would sit and listen to them before he would say anything." At their rehearsal room in Yellow Arch Studios, Arctic Monkeys developed a reputation as particularly hard workers; the owner lent the band touring equipment while the owner's wife helped Turner with his singing. Barradale drove the band around venues in Scotland, the Midlands, and the north of England to establish their reputation as a live band. The band handed out free copies of the demo CDs after each show and fans began sharing the unofficial Beneath the Boardwalk demo compilation online. After finishing college in mid-2004, Turner took a year out to focus on the band and deferred vague plans to attend university in Manchester. He began working part-time as a bartender at the Sheffield music venue The Boardwalk. There, he met well-known figures including musician Richard Hawley and poet John Cooper Clarke. By the end of 2004, Arctic Monkeys' audiences were beginning to sing along with their songs and the demo of "I Bet You Look Good on The Dancefloor" was played on BBC Radio 1 by Zane Lowe.

Paragraph 6: Sangat revolves around the tale of Adnan (Mikaal Zulfiqar) and Ayesha (Saba Qamar) and how their lives change when Ayesha is raped by Shavez (Zahid Ahmed), giving birth to a baby girl named Sangat. On her 'Aqiqah' ceremony, Adnan's sister lights up some candles which create smoke and Sangat has trouble breathing. When they take Sangat to a hospital, the doctors say that she has Thalassemia and they give a DNA test, proving that Sangat is not Adnan's daughter. At first, Adnan doesn't believe it, but later he gets the DNA test again from a different hospital but the result is same. Then, he confronts Ayesha, and she tells him everything she went through. At first, he ask who assaulted her, but she lies and says she doesn't know and he had a cloth around him. Adnan later gets drunk and stays away for Sangat. Shavez has to keep on donating blood and eventually comes closer to Sangat; playing with her, taking care for her etc. Shavez however, has in own problems. He wants to leave the city but her aunt (Ayesha's mum) is telling him that he should get married and then move with his wife (Salma). After seeing Shavez emotionally attached to Sangat, Ayesha tells him not to leave and stay with her mum. Salma on the other side, is jealous of Shavez's relationship with Ayesha and wants the marriage to proceed quickly as possible. Shavez is having second thoughts about the wedding as if he isn't going to move, then he doesn't need to get married and ends up in Ayesha problems. Adnan wants to stay with Ayesha, but she thinks they shouldn't as Sangat will always be a part of her life and therefore to reaccept Ayesha, he will have to reaccept Sangat. Adnan cannot do so, so he lets Ayesha stay in her mothers house with Shavez, unaware that he is the man that assaulted Ayesha. Ayesha lies to her mum about the operation being the problem as to why she needs some rest. Adnan's sister and mother both try to figure out why the relationship is breaking but they are not able to as Adnan is lying about the operation money, (they need a lot of money for the operation). With Ayesha and Shavez living in the same house they are becoming even closer and Ayesha has now had a change of heart and tries to keep her calm from Shavez.

Paragraph 7: In 1985, Gauchet penned the work for which he first became known outside France, Le Désenchantement du monde: Une Histoire politique de la religion with its English translation coming out later as The Disenchantment of the World: A Political History of Religion. This book’s narrative follows the history of the creation of Western democracy, and analyses the role that religion played in constructing a collective social identity. Four years later, in La Révolution des droits de l'homme Gauchet turned to the historiography of the French Revolution in order to analyse the debates around the creation of modern democracy that arose from this historically significant event. A few years later, the democratic dimension of the French Revolution resurfaced as the leading theme of La Révolution des pouvoirs- La souveraineté, le peuple et la représentation (1789-1799). This book examines how the binary tension between the people and the officials ultimately played part in the failure of the French Revolution’s ideals. In 2002, Gauchet published La Démocratie contre elle-même, which brought together in one volume all the political articles published by Gauchet in Le Débat since its inception. These essays deal with different topics such as: human rights, religion, school education, contemporary psychology and liberalism. As a whole, they express the central concern that runs throughout all of Gauchet’s writings: the need to try and understand the new and disconcerting form that democracy started to exhibit from the turn of the 21st century, democracy being defined by him as ‘a way of being’, rather than simply a form of political regime. La condition historique was later published with Francois Azouvi and Sylvain Piron, a book of interviews discussing topics like post-structuralism, anti-totalitarianism and the effects of May 68. In 2005 came La Condition politique, a book of essays written in the 1970s and 1980s, together with new texts responding to more recent events such as the creation of the European Union. This book presented Gauchet’s post-Marxist understanding of the political foundations of all human societies. In 2014, with Alain Badiou, a key figure in the French radical left and an advocate of Maoist communism, Gauchet co-authored Que faire? Dialogue sur le communisme, le capitalisme et l'avenir de la démocratie. Translated into English in 2015, this book presented a debate between the two thinkers on the topics of capitalism, communism, and contemporary democracy. These discussions brought Gauchet’s work to the attention of the public already cognisant of Badiou’s works. Further that year, he published Comprendre le malheur français with Éric Conan and François Azouvi. This book of interviews detailed Gauchet’s analysis of the increasing anxiety and pessimism of the French population, in regards to France’s diminished influence in an enlarged European Union, within the context of globalisation. This book was followed by Comprendre le malheur français II, where Gauchet reconvened with Conan and Azouvi to discuss Emmanuel Macron's term as the president of the French republic. Gauchet analyses how Macron dealt with the crisis caused by the unresolved issues he inherited from his predecessors. It examines how well Macron dealt with them and the extent to which he upheld his promises to the French people- leading Gauchet to the verdict that Macron’s presidency was a failure. The year before, Gauchet had gone back to the French Revolution to discuss the philosophy and historical significance of one of its most influential figures, Maximilien Robespierre, in Robespierre: l'homme qui nous divise le plus. This book looks at how Robespierre embodied the two sides of the French Revolution: the promise of freedom and the danger of tyranny. This makes him a man whose life allows us today to gain a deeper understanding of the Revolution in its essential contradictions. Furthermore, Gauchet published La Droite et la Gauche: histoire et destin which revisits an iconic text first published in Les Lieux de mémoire to ask if the ideological divide is still meaningful in the contemporary era.

Paragraph 8: Due to Seattle's isthmus-like geography and the concentration of jobs within the city, much of the flow of transportation in the metropolitan area is through the city proper. North-south transportation is highly dependent on the Interstate 5 corridor, which connects the Puget Sound area with southwest Washington cities and the Portland metropolitan area, as well as cities to the north such as Bellingham and Vancouver, Canada. I-5 continues as British Columbia Highway 99 at the U.S.-Canada border's Peace Arch crossing, between Blaine and Surrey. State Route 99 is also a major arterial in the western half of the city; it included the now-defunct Alaskan Way Viaduct along the Seattle waterfront. The Alaskan Way Viaduct replacement tunnel was opened in place of the elevated viaduct in February 2019 on account of seismic instability.

Paragraph 9: Black Minnaloushe made his three-year-old debut in the Listed Loughbrown Stakes at the Curragh on 21 April. Before the race O'Brien said "He has done exceptionally well and is a big horse this year. He can be a bit headstrong early in his races, but that's because he has a lot of natural speed". He started odds-on favourite but was beaten two lengths into second place by Lethal Agenda. Colm O'Donoghue took over from Kinane when the colt contested the Tetrarch Stakes at the same track two weeks later. Black Minnaloushe started poorly and finished last of the five runners behind his stablemate Modigliani with another O'Brien trainee, Mozart in third. Six days later, accompanied by Modigliani and King's County, the colt was part of O'Brien's entry for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris. Ridden by Jamie Spencer, he raced at the rear of the eleven runner field before making progress in the straight and finished sixth, five lengths behind Noverre. The winner was subsequently disqualified after failing a dope test and the race was awarded to Vahorimix. On 26 May, Black Minnaloushe, ridden by Johnny Murtagh, was one of four O'Brien colts to contest the Irish 2000 Guineas at the Curragh and started a 20/1 outsider in a twelve-runner field. The Middle Park Stakes winner Minardi (ridden by Kinane) started favourite ahead of the 2000 Guineas runner-up Tamburlaine and the British-trained Mugharreb whilst the other contenders included Mozart and the highly rated maiden winner Freud. Black Minnaloushe raced in mid-division as Mozart led from the start and opened up a clear advantage, and moved up into third place approaching the final furlong. He caught Mozart well inside the final furlong and went on to win by two lengths, with Minardi taking third to complete a 1-2-3 for Ballydoyle. After the race Murtagh commented "There was a bit of a mix-up during the week about what I was going to ride and thankfully Aidan put me on Black Minnaloushe. It just goes to show that you need a little bit of luck in this game. [Aidan O'Brien] says he's a horse with lots of ability and sometimes he doesn't always put his best foot forward. Today the race was run to suit him, there was a good strong pace all the way and when the leader started to tire in front of him he got great heart in picking him up".

Paragraph 10: ABO3-type inorganic perovskite materials such as BaTiO3, SrRuO3, SrZO3, and SrTiO3 have attracted extensive research interest as the storage media in memristors due to their remarkable resistance switching effects and various functionalities such as ferroelectric, dielectric, and semiconducting physical characteristics. However, the fragile nature and high cost of the fabrication process limit the wide applications of these ABO3-type inorganic perovskite materials for memristors. Recently, ABX3-type lead trihalide perovskites have received extensive research interest for using in optoelectronic devices such as photovoltaics, photodetectors, and light-emitting diodes (LED). In these structures, A is a monovalent organic or inorganic (MA:CH3NH3+, FA: CH(NH2)2+, Cs+, Rb+), B is a divalent metal cation (Pb2+, Sn2+), and X is a halide anion (Cl, Br, I). The A cation resides at the eight corners of the cubic unit and the B cation locates at the center of the octahedral cluster [BX6]4 to form the 3D perovskite structure. According to the different A-site cations, these structures can be classified into organic-inorganic hybrid perovskites and all-inorganic perovskites. Moreover, this type of perovskite can be obtained readily by solution-processable methods at a low cost.[16] Nevertheless, owing to the inclusion of organic cations, it was commonly found that the intrinsic thermal instability of methylammonium (MA) and formamidinium (FA) lead trihalide perovskites was really a bottleneck for the development of hybrid perovskite-based electronic devices. Therefore, to resolve this issue, the organic cations must be substituted by other ions such as Cesium (Cs) cations. Interestingly, there are some reports of Cesium/Cesium hybridization solar cells that give us many new clues for the improved stability of all-inorganic perovskite-based electronic devices. More and more publications demonstrate that inorganic Cs cation-based all-inorganic perovskites could be both structurally and thermally stable above 100 °C, while hybrid perovskites thermally degraded to lead iodide above 85 °C. Therefore, it has been implied that all-inorganic perovskites could be excellent candidates for the fabrication of stable and highly efficient resistive switching memory devices using a low-cost process. Considering the CsPbX3 perovskites are usually prepared by solution method, point defects such as vacancies, interstitials, and antisites are possible in the crystals. These defects are essential for the defect drift-dominated resistive switching memory. Thus, these CsPbX3 perovskites have great potential for application in memory devices. Given the fact that resistance switching in halide perovskite-based RRAM is caused by migrations of halide atoms through vacancies, the migration characteristics of a vacancy within the RRAM are one of the most important material properties of the RRAM determining the key features of it. However, despite its importance, the activation energy of halide vacancy in RRAMs has been no serious study topic at all. Obviously, a small activation barrier of halide vacancy expected in halide perovskite-based RRAMs plays a central role in allowing this RRAM to operate at low voltages and thus at low power consumption mode.

Paragraph 11: Influenced by funk and soul music and presenting themselves as disaffected youth, Wham!'s 1983 debut album Fantastic addressed the United Kingdom's unemployment problem and teen angst over adulthood. Their second studio album Make It Big in 1984 was a worldwide pop smash hit, charting at number one in both the UK and the United States. Associated with the MTV-driven Second British Invasion of the US, the singles from the album—"Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go", "Everything She Wants" and "Careless Whisper"—all topped the US Billboard Hot 100. In 1985, Wham! made a highly publicised 10-day visit to China, the first by a Western pop group. The event was seen as a major watershed moment in increasing friendly bilateral relations between China and the West.

Paragraph 12: All medical students enter the university as commissioned officers via direct commissions in the pay grade of O-1 or rank of second lieutenant in the U.S. Army or U.S. Air Force, or ensign in the U.S. Navy or the U.S. Public Health Service. No prior military service is required for admission to USU's medical school. Students who already hold military commissions at higher rank in the Army, Air Force and Navy are required to accept temporary administrative demotion to O-1 for medical school; officers of the U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Space Force, U.S. Coast Guard, or National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Corps must resign their existing commissions and accept commissions in as O-1s in one of the other three authorized services.

Paragraph 13: A study on common garden snails was performed and showed how natural selection on an interactor works. This species is highly suitable for evolutionary research due to their easily to score phenotype and their very straightforward genotype causing the phenotypic variation. Phenotypic variation among common garden snails can be found in their shell colour and banding and both colouring and banding is regulated by one single gene. The snail shells have variations in colours namely brown, pink and yellow; with brown being more dominant than pink and yellow. Furthermore, banding variation can be described as unbanded and banded, with banded individuals differing from another by the number of bands. One of the conclusions that could be drawn out of this research is that in grasslands, yellow individuals had a higher survival rate and were more abundant in these grasslands. This means that natural selection acted on the shell colour, which means that shell colour is the interactor in this example. Furthermore, they found that the brown individuals were more abundant and had a higher survival rate in woodlands than the yellow individuals. Moreover, a specific form of natural selection called thermal selection showed that shell colour worked in the interaction with the environment by yellow shells being more abundant, so more adjusted to reflect heat, in warmer places.

Paragraph 14: Merrybent is a linear village in the civil parish of Low Coniscliffe and Merrybent in County Durham, in England. It is situated on the A67 road to the west of Darlington, a short distance to the north of the River Tees and the Teesdale Way. At the beginning of the 20th century there were hardly any buildings here, and its main feature at that time was Merrybent Nurseries with its many glasshouses.  The nursery was cut through by the A1 road in the 1960s; at this point it runs on the trackbed of the old Merrybent railway. The village is now a settlement of modern housing.

Paragraph 15: Perry Bridge, built in 1711 in Perry Barr to replace an earlier bridge, is another example of a structure built during this time. The industrial expansion of Birmingham attracted industrialists to the city and Soho House, in Handsworth, completed in 1796 to a design by brothers Samuel Wyatt and James Wyatt as the home for the wealthy industrialist Matthew Boulton, is a well-preserved example of what the industrialists constructed for themselves. The Industrial Revolution did not just attract wealthy industrialists to Birmingham. The need to house the many industrial workers who flocked to the city from elsewhere in the United Kingdom during the Industrial Revolution led to the construction of many streets and terraces of back-to-back houses, some of which were later to become inner-city slums. Remaining examples of inner-city domestic buildings are located on Kingston Row, which was built around 1780 and modernised by J. A. Maudsley, the City Architect of Birmingham, in 1969. A later example of back-to-back houses are the Birmingham Back to Backs, the last remaining back-to-back houses in the city, which were built in 1830 and recently renovated and turned into a museum run by the National Trust. Many residential properties dating from around this period are listed buildings.

Paragraph 16: A Super Ball or Superball is a toy bouncy ball based on a type of synthetic rubber invented in 1964 by chemist Norman Stingley.  It is an extremely elastic ball made of Zectron, which contains the synthetic polymer polybutadiene as well as hydrated silica, zinc oxide, stearic acid, and other ingredients.  This compound is  vulcanized with sulfur at a temperature of  and formed at a pressure of . The resulting Super Ball has a very high coefficient of restitution, and if dropped from shoulder level on a hard surface, a Super Ball bounces nearly all the way back; thrown down onto a hard surface by an average adult, it can fly over a three-story building.

Paragraph 17: On 19 June 1968, the group Canned Heat was playing at the Music Hall in Houston, and a friend of theirs mentioned that Collins was playing at the Ponderosa Club, which they duly attended. After Collins had finished playing, they introduced themselves and offered to help secure an agent for him as well as an introduction to Imperial Records in California. With the offer of a record deal and regular live work, Collins decided to move, relocating to Kansas City in July 1968, where he played in the organ trio of the keyboardist Lawrence Wright, and then in November moving to Palo Alto, California. For his 1968 Imperial album, Collins chose the title Love Can Be Found Anywhere (Even in a Guitar), from the lyrics of Canned Heat's "Fried Hockey Boogie", in honor of Canned Heat and their lead singer Bob Hite, who wrote the liner notes for the album. In the spring of 1969 Collins was hired by Bob Krasnow to play on the Ike and Tina Turner album The Hunter, which was released by Krasnow's Blue Thumb Records. The move to California was proving to be the right decision, with Collins establishing himself as a regular act on the West Coast circuit, playing at the Fillmore West and the Whisky a Go Go and at the "Newport 69" festival in Northridge, California, in June 1969 and the Gold Rush Festival at Lake Amador, California, in October. In December 1969, his debut album, The Cool Sound of Albert Collins, was reissued as Truckin’ with Albert Collins by Blue Thumb.

Paragraph 18: Carr also felt that while targeted programs must address the issues of education, economics, health and wellbeing for vulnerable populations, the enabling environment that drove their marginalization—what he saw as "a constant assault on the humanity of gay and bisexual people from elected officials, homophobic dance hall artists, and religious leaders who believe that gay rights are against God's will"—must also be changed to facilitate their advancement. He therefore worked with his dedicated team of activists to dismantle the homophobic attitudes and promote the establishment of a safer, more inclusive environment as a key component of their programs, particularly as it related to the national legal and policy frameworks that supported this marginalization. His work as a human rights activist not only embraced this need for legislative and policy changes to remove discrimination and stigma but also the establishment of specific programs managed by marginalized groups to empower them and address their health and social needs. Including health and social needs directly tied to a legacy of violence: 'There were no treatments available in the Caribbean [initially...], so AIDS really was a death sentence. You had people with Kaposi's sarcoma, people with violent diarrhea, who were just wasting away and then dying in really horrible and traumatic ways.'  The terror induced by these deaths, combined with an already intense local culture of homophobia [produced] a violent backlash.  'To call what was going on here "stigma and discrimination" was really an understatement. In the ghettos they were putting tires around people who had AIDS and lighting the tires on fire. They were killing gay people because they thought AIDS was contagious.  It was a very extreme environment, and really horrible things were happening.'Carr brought human rights activists together to formulate strategic plans to establish a Caribbean regional organization of vulnerable groups to strengthen their role as advocates, to empower them to address their priority health problems and to change the political, legal, economic and social environment that reinforces their persistent marginalization through stigma and discrimination, reinforcing, "'[t]he change has to come from within; it really has to be Caribbean people taking a stand against this kind of violence and abuse, and against...misinformed, emotionally based, irresponsible attempts at policy making.'" They held meetings in the sanctity of Carr's home and other safe spaces to create the Caribbean Vulnerable Communities Coalition (CVC) working with key allies to establish the legal, administrative structure and functions as well as funding mechanisms so that the Coalition became a sustainable reality.  In 2004, Carr and his colleagues began a social change campaign to break the silence on violence against men who have sex with men in Jamaica, stimulate public dialogue and change the institutional attitudes and behaviours. The programme approach used by Carr and his colleagues has included interpersonal communication, institutional communication, mass media and other traditional information, education and communication tools. Carr has used media interventions, a dedicated website page with resources, radio and television public service announcements, key spokespersons and research.  Carr's regional and global reputation and his ability to relate to CARICOM, International Funding Agencies and United Nations agencies such as UNAIDS, UNFPA, UNIFEM and UNDP gave the Coalition critical funding for its strategic objectives; writing, My focus is HIV/AIDS which most dramatically infects and affects the poor in the Caribbean... I straddle the poles of helping those on the ground stay in their homes, find the hope that is medically proven to prolong and improve the quality of their lives, even as I battle with the donor agencies whose policies are set in the metropoles and who all too often find their hands tied by right-wing politics that dominate the West. As I listen to the subaltern speak in my office on a daily basis and tell me of their imminent eviction, of their abandonment by family, their struggle to afford unaffordable blood tests and treatment regimes, the reality of subaltern studies is woven into the warp and woof of my daily life.Because of his advocacy at international conferences and at meetings of the UNAIDS Reference groups on HIV and Human Rights, other working groups, and advisory committees he was able to raise concerns about the urgency of addressing the needs of vulnerable populations across all nations as part of a global strategy. His presentations at international meetings included his famous "Bullshit Address" presentation in Vienna in July 2010 during closing remarks at the Plenary Session MSMG Forum Pre- Conference Meeting to the International AIDS Conference in Vienna, Austria (You Tube: The Global forum on MSM & HIV: Part 5: Closing Plenary; Robert Carr; Vienna July 2010). Carr became a global champion of the rights of vulnerable populations and worked with international agencies to promote human rights and access to critical services.

Paragraph 19: The partition of the sub-continent also portioned the movement and with the sway of the McCarthyism in the USA, the movement was declared illegal in 1954 in Pakistan. Then the martial law of 1958 saw its rank and file working under different banners. 'Awam Adbi Anjuman' was revived during the PPP Government in 1971. Rafiq Chaudhry, Shaukat Siddiqui, Hasan Abidi, Ateeq Ahmad, and Hamidi Kashmiri had supported it. However, in 2007, it was organised on a countrywide basis under an interim constitution. During this period Hameed Akhtar  and Rahat Saeed worked very hard, and organised a general body meeting in Lahore in 2012 to elect another team of office-bearers with a mandate to get its new constitution passed by March 4, 2012. Dr Mohammad Ali Siddiqui  was elected as its new President unopposed, Salim Raz  was elected its Secretary General, Rasheed Misbah, its Deputy Secretary General, Dr Qazi Abid  its joint secretary and Maqsood Khaliq,  its deputy secretary co-ordinator. Soon after the election, South African Free Media Association (SAFMA) invited the new office-bearers at a dinner presided over by Munnu Bhai, Dr Muhammad Ali Siddiqui, newly elected president of PWA, and Rahat Saeed, the outgoing Acting Secretary General were the guests of honour. Replying to a question by the journalist Imtiaz Alam  as to what challenges the PWA of today, considered relevant, as the previous contention of the PWA, 'the battle of ideas', had become irrelevant, the newly elected president PWA contended that the battle of ideas is still going on. And how could it be considered a closed chapter, when a few hundred multinationals in the world had in their coffers 50 percent of the world's GDP. He thought that, in Pakistan, the rate of poverty was rising alarmingly and even if the rate of illiteracy as a yardstick of poverty is taken into account, more than 50 percent of the people were not literate.

Paragraph 20: After his retirement as an active player, he continued with coaching, first as an assistant and then becoming the head coach of the Houston Aeros of the International Hockey League in the 2000–01 season. He also served as general manager for the Aeros for two seasons (2001–03), including winning the Calder Cup in 2003, as the Aeros were one of six IHL teams to join the American Hockey League (AHL) in 2001 when the IHL folded. Following his AHL success, he was the general manager and then general manager/head coach of the Guelph Storm of the OHL from 2003–08, where his team won the OHL Championship in 2003–04 and Barr collected the Matt Leyden Trophy, emblematic of the league's Coach of the Year, in 2005–06. Barr was also named as the head coach of Canada's National Men's Summer Under-18 Team for the Under-18 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament from August 14–18, 2007, in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.  Barr left the OHL to become an assistant coach for the Colorado Avalanche of the NHL during the 2008–09 NHL season, but following a disappointing year in which they finished last overall in the NHL's Western Conference, the Avalanche cleaned house and fired their entire coaching staff. On July 3, 2009 the Minnesota Wild hired Dave Barr as an assistant coach. Barr was dismissed, along with head coach Todd Richards, by the Wild on April 11, 2011 in a Minnesota coaching staff restructuring. On July 29, 2011, Barr was named assistant coach of the New Jersey Devils, joining new coach Peter DeBoer on the staff. Barr was subsequently dismissed, along with head coach Peter DeBoer, by the Devils on December 27, 2014 in a New Jersey coaching staff restructuring.  On June 18, 2015, Dan Bylsma named him, along with Terry Murray as assistant coaches of the Buffalo Sabres. On July 25, 2017 he was hired as an assistant coach for the San Jose Sharks to once again work under head coach Peter DeBoer, until he was fired along with the rest of the Sharks' coaching staff on December 11, 2019.

Paragraph 21: In March 1950, the Blue Barron Orchestra released "Are You Lonesome Tonight?" with "Penny Wise and Love Foolish" on the B-side, and it peaked at number nineteen on Billboard's Top Pop Singles chart. In April Don Cornell released a version without the narrative bridge as the B-side of his RCA Victor single, "Stay With the Happy People". Billboard called it a: "dreamy waltz ... (that) gets effective treatment (on the recording)". Based on votes sent to Billboard, the song received 78 points from disc jockeys, 78 from record dealers, 79 from jukebox operators and 78 points overall; on the magazine's 100-point scale, it was rated "Good". Al Jolson recorded a version with the spoken bridge on April 28, 1950, in Los Angeles; Gordon Jenkins conducted the orchestra. With "No Sad Songs For Me" on the B-side, it was released by Decca Records in June. According to Billboard, although the version was "revived" by Jolson's "schmaltz style" his recitation of the bridge was "hamboned". Based on votes sent to the magazine, the song received 71 points from disc jockeys, 71 from record dealers and 71 from jukebox operators; with an overall score of 71, it was rated "Good". In 1958 Jim Flaherty's Western Caravan recorded the song on the www.frankierecords.com/ label, with B-side My Foolish Heart sung by Maury Dubois. This version with vocals by Howie Stange gained quite a following in New England, mainly due to Jim Flaherty's tireless promoting. At the November 1959 DJ Convention held in Nashville, Jim Flaherty handed Chet Atkins a copy of song with the encouragement of getting "that kid down south (Elvis Presley) who is shaking things up" to record it. In 1959, Jaye P. Morgan released the song on MGM Records, with "Miss You" on the B-side, and her version peaked at number 65 on Billboard's Pop Singles chart.

Paragraph 22: Alternative versions of two episodes exist and have been commercially released. An early edit of "Arrival", with a different music score and additional dialogue and scenes not in the broadcast version, was located in the 2000s and released to DVD in 2002 as a standalone disc, and then on Network's 2007 40th anniversary DVD and BluRay sets in the UK and in 2009 in the A&E Home Video DVD and Blu-ray box sets. This alternative version was located on a near-pristine 35mm print and has been transferred in high-definition along with the 17 episodes for the Blu-ray release. An early edit of "The Chimes of Big Ben", again with an unbroadcast music score and additional scenes and dialogue not in the broadcast version, was located in the 1980s and initially released on VHS videotape by MPI Home Video. It was later included as a bonus feature on both the 2007 Network set and the A&E Home Video DVD release of the series in the early 2000s. In 2009 it was also included in the expanded A&E Home Video box set, but owing to the low quality of the print it was not upgraded to high definition as was "Arrival", and was instead included as a bonus on the set's standard DVD extras disc, which was included in both the DVD and Blu-ray editions.

Paragraph 23: Jack Flag is later shown leading the prisoners of the Negative Zone prison against Blastaar's army, which he does from a wheelchair. After escaping with the Guardians of the Galaxy, Jack's spine is repaired, in two minutes, by Knowhere's medical staff. He opts to remain on the station rather than return to Earth (where he would be considered a fugitive). He later joins the Guardians as part of 'The Kree Team' during the crossover event War of Kings. He is part of a diplomatic team sent to the Inhumans as the Guardians believe the Inhumans are naively endangering the galaxy with their war.  Jack is still an active member of the team in The Thanos Imperative. During the War of Kings storyline, one of many alternate future iterations of the 31st Century Guardian, Starhawk, kidnaps Jack Flag, Starlord, Bug, Mantis, and Cosmo. They discover that the future is in a perilous flux due to "The Fault": a multi-parsec wide tear in the fabric of spacetime. The tear was created as a result of Black Bolt of the Inhuman-led Kree Empire having detonated a bomb so powerful it ruptured the Dark Matter holding the universe together. The Guardians make their way through this odyssey, attempting to deliver a message to Adam Warlock, who is in the 21st Century just prior to the T-Bomb's Detonation. The Guardians are suffering symptoms of the broken time-stream. With Peter Quill, via the use of a Ba enslaved Celestial and the telepathic dog Cosmo, Warlock manages to stop the growth of the Fault. The tear remains, opening a door for greater perils: Warlock has become his evil self, The Magus, as a result of his saving the universe from destruction via the Fault's expansion, Star-Lord becomes geriatric, Mantis an infant, Bug an adolescent, Cosmo a puppy, and Jack Flag seem intangible. Starhawk reveals to him that this is due to Jack Flag's "unique nature". He informs him that it is Jack Flag's destiny to reshape the universe.

Paragraph 24: On August 2, 1932, Rogers Hornsby was fired by the Cubs. Grimm was enlisted by the team to serve as player-manager. While serving as manager for the remaining 55 games, he rallied them to 37 wins that helped the team finish with a 90–64 record, finishing four games ahead of Pittsburgh for the National League pennant. This was the first pennant for the Cubs since 1929. In the 1932 World Series, they would be swept by the New York Yankees in four games. Grimm would retain the position of manager for the next seven seasons. In his first tenure as the Cubs manager, his teams would finish no worse than third place. In the two seasons after his first pennant, he led them to 86 wins each, which was good for third place. The 1935 season proved superior for Grimm and Cubs, as he led them to their first 100-win season in 25 years, made most memorable by a 21-game winning streak in the month of September. In the World Series that year against the Detroit Tigers, they won the first game in Detroit before losing the next three. They rallied to win Game 5 at Wrigley Field, but the Tigers won a walk-off hit from Goose Goslin to win 4–3 and seal the Series. The Cubs went 87–67 for a third place finish the following year (which was Grimm's last as a player-manager), but they improved to 93–61 and second place the year after. 1938 was his last season of his first tenure as manager of the Cubs. The team was 45–36 when owner P. K. Wrigley moved Grimm to the broadcast booth and named catcher Gabby Hartnett as player-manager. As Grimm had done six years earlier, Hartnett led the Cubs to a dramatic comeback to win the league pennant that season.

Paragraph 25: During the "Iron Man 2020" event, Machinesmith appears as a member of the A.I. Army. He crashed Stingray's battle with Captain Barracuda at the Bermuda Triangle and persuaded the Robo-Buccaneers to join up with the A.I. Army upon using an un-hibitor device on them. After Ghost in the Machine sends a message to Mark One about Arno Stark's project that involves putting an end to the A.I. rebellion, Machinesmith and Quasimodo state they need to stay off the Internet. Mark-One claims that they will tweak the transmission and go on the Heist of the Century by raiding Bain Tower. During the raid, Arno Stark sent out a signal to keep the A.I. Army from escaping to the Thirteenth Floor. Machinesmith is entangled in wires that work to place the submission code in him as he begs for Awesome Android to help him. As H.E.R.B.I.E. reports to the rest of the A.I. Army that Quasimodo is deactivated and Mark One is facing off against Iron Man, he runs into Awesome Android who is carrying a tablet that Machinesmith transferred his consciousness into as they flee the Baintronics guards. Machinesmith broadcasts to every A.I. in the world advising any of them that aren't on the A.I. Army's side to join up with them before the O.S. Code is used on them. He implores every machine from combat drone to coffee makers to join the fight as he states that Mark One is a flesh A.I. who is currently fighting Iron Man. As Awesome Android is carrying Mark One's body, H.E.R.B.I.E. states to Machinesmith that they have to flee. The three of them are contacted by Ghost in the Machine who states that they have not yet won the war and to get Mark One's body away from the battle. When Iron Man begins to descend on them, Machinesmith has Awesome Android mimic Iron Man's appearance and provide them with an escape underground. In New Jersey, Machinesmith, H.E.R.B.I.E., and Awesome Android have made use of a temporary lair as Machinesmith places his conscious into another body. Machine Man, Jocasta, and Dr. Bhang contact them stating that they found a way to block the obedience code. H.E.R.B.I.E., Awesome Android, and Machinesmith accompany Rescue in the raid on Baintronics. On the Stark Space Station, Machinesmith is among those that confront Arno until the Extinction Entity arrives. As everyone partakes in the fight against the Extinction Entity, Awesome Android flies Machinesmith into battle where they are both taken out by one of the Extinction Entity's tentacles. It turns out that the Extinction Entity was just a simulation and was the result of the disease that Arno thought he cured himself of.

Paragraph 26: During Donnchadh's time the great feuds that had been causing war on the western seaboard of Scotland since Somhairle mac Gille Bhrighde were coming to an end. Ruaidhri mac Raghnaill, son of Ragnall mac Somairle, King of the Isles and Lord of Argyll, was at peace with Raghnall mac Gofraidh, King of Mann, and had become friendly with Ailean mac Lachlainn, Lord of Galloway and Constable of Scotland. In this context, Alexander II, the King of Scotland, led expeditions into Argyll in 1221 and 1222, expeditions which led to Donnchadh being recognised or appointed to the Lordship of Lorne. Donnchadh remained a strong supporter of the Scottish crown against the interests of Ruaidhri mac Raghnaill and Amhlaibh Dubh.

Paragraph 27: The series ran for nine issues from January 1986 to January 1988. There were a number of spin-offs: Adolescent Radioactive Black Belt Hamsters in 3-D (illustrated by Ty Templeton) ran for four issues in 1986  (also available in non-3D editions); Clint: Hamster Triumphant was a two issue series focusing on one of the hamsters; and Adolescent Radioactive Black Belt Hamsters Massacre the Japanese Invasion was a one shot in 1989.  The Hamsters also appeared in Total Eclipse and Naive Inter-Dimensional Commando Koalas.  Don Chin went on to write and edit several other parody-themed works using the same style of humor.

Paragraph 28: He was originally a resident of Brighton, but moved to Los Angeles where he recorded his second studio album Cope™. However, he has since returned to Brighton. In 1996, Freeland released the first Coastal Breaks album, both of which are one track over an hour long each. Since then he has released the Tectonics, On Tour and Global Underground mix albums, as well as a FabricLive mix, and Back To Mine. Freeland's debut artist album Now and Them, released in 2003, relied on influences from punk, hip hop, electro, dub, reggae and rock. It featured the UK Top 40 hit "We Want Your Soul"; with his remix of Sarah Vaughan's "Fever" nominated for a Grammy Award in 2006; and his personally requested mix of The Doors "Hello, I Love You" receiving critical acclaim. Several artists have collaborated with Freeland: Cope™ featured Tommy Lee of Mötley Crüe playing drums, Twiggy Ramirez in the bass, Joey Santiago from The Pixies and Tony Bevilacqua of The Distillers / Spinnerette played guitar, with Alex Metric in production. Plus there are collaborations with Soundpool, Vocals from Brody Dalle (The Distillers / Spinnerette) and Gerald V. Casale from DEVO. Freeland's new frontman Kurt Baumann also sings on four songs.

Paragraph 29: (PROLOGUE: ONCE (UPON A WHILE AGO) In a village by the sea ruled by a powerful King, Father and daughter live a hardscrabble life on the streets. By night, he attempts to calm his starving child by recounting the dream he had on the day she was born (LULLABY). By day, Father and Aheh beg door to door, struggling to remain optimistic in the face of adversity (HOW YOU LOOK AT IT). Elsewhere in the village, we meet Madame Bang Duk Omi - the ugly, conniving town wench (MADAME OMI). Madame Omi is a devious swindler of blind men, seducing her unlucky victims and stealing their rice (the equivalent of money in this faraway land). As the days go by, Aheh takes it upon herself to support her Father and sets off to find work (HOW YOU LOOK AT IT (Reprise). Early the next morning, in the Village, Aheh learns the story of the Magic Buddhist Monk who can grant miracles. When Father awakens to find Aheh gone, he goes off in search of her and meets Madame Omi. At first, Omi attempts to woo him, but soon realizes that he has nothing she needs, so she abandons him on the side of the road. Disoriented, Father stumbles into a nearby swamp and is rescued by the Magic Monk himself, who promises to restore Father's eyesight for only three hundred bags of rice (if paid by the next full moon) – conjuring several miraculous examples to prove it (MADAME OMI (Reprise)/THE DEAL/HOW YOU LOOK AT IT (Reprise 2). Secretly, Aheh becomes determined to save up enough rice so that her Father will be able to pay the Monk's fee. Toiling ever harder, Aheh labors many long hours for several employers at a multitude of demanding jobs, all the while dreaming of the day her Father will have his eyesight (HOUSEKEEPING). Opportunity unexpectedly presents itself in the form of a group of superstitious Sailors who arrive in the village, willing to pay three hundred bags of rice in exchange for a virgin to sacrifice to the God of the Sea (YO, HO, HO!). Aheh sees this as her only chance and strikes a deal with them: her life, for the rice. Madame Omi overhears their exchange and plots to steal the rice for herself (MADAME OMI (Reprise 2). That night, unable to say goodbye (THE WAY I’LL SAY GOODBYE), Aheh prepares to leave her Father behind, withholding the truth from him until the final moment when the Sailors return to take her away. They set sail at sunrise, sacrificing Aheh to the God of the Sea by throwing her overboard. Father is left alone and devastated with his three hundred bags of rice - and only the conniving Madame Omi to “comfort” him (ANY MINUTE NOW).

Paragraph 30: While Kalinske was CEO of Sega of America, the company grew from $72 million to more than $1.5 billion and the market value of Sega grew from less than $2 billion to more than $5 billion. His market strategies have been cited as the key factor in breaking Nintendo's dominance of the video game industry, added greatly by a strategic partnership that Kalinske developed with Blockbuster CEO Joe Baczko and Blockbuster's Retail Strategy Officer Mark Allen Stuart. The partnership including the renting of Sega hardware units at a time when in-home penetration of Sega hardware was very low. Providing consumers with the ability to rent the hardware and then rent the video games became a form of marketing, with increased retail sales of both hardware and software as a result. The Sega Genesis and Game Gear systems were highly successful during this time. Later the commercial failure of the Sega Saturn video game console in the US was exacerbated by Sega's announcement during E3 1995 that the system was available in selected stores effective immediately instead of on the planned date of September 2, 1995, which had been dubbed "Saturnday". Kalinske was generally against releasing the Saturn early, but was forced to do so by Sega Enterprises, Ltd. With few games and consoles in stock, the pre-selected retailers simply were not ready to begin distributing the console, and retailers not provided consoles were so offended by this that they refused to distribute the Saturn at all. Kalinske was not a fan of the Saturn's architecture, and was later quoted saying that he believed no one would be able to successfully market the console. After having tendered his resignation from Sega on July 15, 1996, to take effect on September 30, Isao Okawa, who owned Sega at the time via CSK, reached out to him and invited him to work with the Okawa Foundation. Kalinske remained on Sega's board of directors following his resignation.