Paragraph 1: In addition to this relevant urban element, churches, temples, and convents began to gain ground with their respective ideological influence. The old town of San Juan del Río is similar to that of Querétaro, in which two types of route were included, the irregular trace that is supposed to be the ancient indigenous area where the temple for indigenous people of Calvary was built (named for sinuousness and pen tooth of the ground where it is nestled). The other street layout coincides with the Spanish practice of that time "a cordel", whose urban element and union was the temple for Spaniards of San Juan Bautista. Both buildings were attached camposantos, the first one still retains the original name of Santa Veracruz. In 1670 the first school of letters for girls was formalized, receiving the name "Beaterio de Nuestra Señora de los Dolores", founded by the Third Sisters of the Order of San Francisco, which in 1683 was reorganized by the venerable dray Antonio Margil of Jesus, of whom an interesting legend is told. In 1672, the Hospital and Convent of San Juan de Dios were founded, for the care of the sick in the city and the visitors who stopped in its path, today this building is occupied worthily by the Autonomous University of Querétaro. In 1693 the construction of a new parish church began, which was consecrated on July 25, 1729, and dedicated to the patron saint of the city, St. John the Baptist. On the same dates the construction of the temple and convent of Santo Domingo was completed; the aforementioned convent is located on the main street of San Juan del Río, at the entrance of the royal road (at the current crossroads of Juárez and Zaragoza avenues). Its facade is a quarry, adorned with three shields: La Merced, San Francisco, and Santo Domingo.

Paragraph 2: In spring 944, Emperor Taizong made a major incursion into Later Jin territory, using Zhao Yanshou and Zhao Yanzhao (趙延照) as his forward commanders.  The Liao forces first captured Bei Prefecture (貝州, in modern Xingtai, Hebei), and then grouped near Yedu (鄴都, capital of the former Tianxiong Circuit).  Shi Chonggui tried to respond diplomatically, but his emissaries could not get through the Liao army and reach Emperor Taizong to deliver his letters.  He also sent a number of generals to respond, with Jing Yanguang in effective command of the overall operations, but also himself went to the frontline.  The second Liao thrust, led by Yelü Andu toward Hedong, however, was repelled by Hedong's military governor Liu Zhiyuan.  Later Jin's prefect of Bo Prefecture (博州, in modern Liaocheng, Shandong), Zhou Ru (周儒), who was in secret communications with Yang Guangyuan, surrendered Bo to Liao forces, and encouraged them to cross the Yellow River at Majiakou (馬家口, in modern Liaocheng), to join forces with Yang.  Jing was convinced by Yan Kan (顏衎) the acting military governor of Tianping that if Liao forces were able to cross the river, disaster would ensue, so the Later Jin imperial forces concentrated on battling Liao forces at Majiakou to prevent them from successfully crossing, and were able to do so.  In anger, Liao forces slaughtered Han civilians that they had captured, which led to fiercer resistance from the populace.  Later in spring 944, the armies commanded by the two emperors confronted each other near Yedu, but did not engage each other.  Eventually, the Liao forces withdrew, pillaging as it went along over Later Jin's territory north of the Yellow River.  Yang led his own troops west from Pinglu's capital Qing Prefecture (青州), and tried to meet the Liao forces at the Yellow River, but by the time he reached there, Liao forces had already left.  Shi then sent the imperial guard general Li Shouzhen to attack Yang, and in winter 944, Yang's son Yang Chengxun (楊承勳) put his father under house arrest and surrendered.  (Yang Guangyuan was later secretly killed on Shi's orders.)

Paragraph 3: Mari Apache returned to Mexico and began working full-time for AAA in 2007. Mari sided with her father Gran Apache in a long running storyline between Gran Apache and Mari's sister Faby Apache's "love interest" (and real-life husband) Billy Boy. On November 30, 2007, during the 2007 Guerra de Titanes, Gran and Mari Apache defeated Billy Boy and Faby Apache, Espiritu and La Diabólica, and Ayako Hamada and Mr. Niebla in a four-way match to win the vacant AAA World Mixed Tag Team Championship. The pair would successfully defend the title against the team of Super Caló and Rossy Moreno. Over the spring of 2008 the storyline between Gran Apache and Billy Boy evolved into Faby Apache fighting with Mari Apache, splitting the family. Gran Apache and Mari Apache successfully defended the mixed tag team title against Faby Apache and Billy Boy on April 20, 2008. The feud between the sisters was also the dominating storyline of the 2008 Reina de Reinas tournament. Mari defeated Chikayo Nagashima, Martha Villalobos, Sexy Star and Sonoko Kato to qualify for the finals. In the finals her younger sister Faby Apache defeated both Mari and Ayako Hamada to win the 2008 tournament. The feud between the sisters reached its conclusion at Triplemania XVI, where Faby Apache defeated her sister in a Lucha de Apuesta, hair vs. hair match. Following the match Gran Apache came to the ring and pleaded with Faby, persuading her to not shave Mary's hair off but instead shave his hair. The sacrifice by Gran Apache brought the family back together again. During the fall of 2008 Gran Apache and Mari successfully defended the mixed tag team title against the brother/sister team of El Oriental and Cinthia Moreno but was not able to defeat them a fourth time as they lost the AAA World Mixed Tag Team Championship at the 2008 Verano de Escandalo event on September 14, 2008. Over the next year Mari frequently teamed with her sister Faby, although she was not an integral part of the "family feud" that had turned into Faby Apache against Billy Boy. It was not until Faby Apache was attacked by La Legión Extranjera members Jennifer Blade and Rain, causing her to lose the Reina de Reinas championship to Sexy Sar during Heroes Inmortales III that Mari Apache became involved in the storyline. Mari, Faby and Cinthia Moreno faced off against La Legión members Sexy Star, Rain and Christina Von Eerie during the 2010 Rey de Reyes event, a match which Moreno won for her team by pinning Sexy Star. During a post Rey de Reyes interview Sexy Star claimed that the Apaches and Cintia Moreno were nothing but maids, which led to AAA booking a Triplemania XVIII match between Cinthia Moreno, Faby and Mari Apache against Sexy Star, Rain and Jennifer Blade in a match where the person pinned or submitted would have to be the winning team's slave for a month. At Triplemania La Legión defeated Moreno and the Apaches, when Blade pinned Mari, thanks in part to the biased refereering by Hijo del Tirantes. Following the match Konnan ordered Mari Apache to begin her maid duty right away by cleaning up their dressing room. The stipulation expired on July 6, 2010. On August 14 at Verano de Escandalo the Apaches and Aero Star faced Reina de Reinas Champion Sexy Star and Mixed Tag Team Champions Alex Koslov and Christina Von Eerie in a six-person tag team match, where both titles were on the line. In the end Mari pinned Sexy Star to win the Reina de Reinas Championship for the first time.

Paragraph 4: As per a study conducted by International Monetary Fund, published on 5 April 2020, found that extreme poverty (less than PPP USD 1.9 per person per day) in India is less than 1 per cent in 2019 and it remained at that level even during the COVID-19 pandemic year 2020. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's food security scheme, the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana, has been critical in preventing any increase in extreme poverty levels in India during the COVID-19 pandemic. The new IMF paper, Pandemic, Poverty, and Inequality: Evidence from India, presented estimates of poverty (extreme poverty PPP USD 1.9 and PPP USD3.2) and consumption inequality in India for each of the years 2004-5 through the pandemic year 2020-21. These estimates include, for the first time, the effect of food subsidies on poverty and inequality. Extreme poverty was as low as 0.8 per cent in the pre-pandemic year 2019, and food transfers were instrumental in ensuring that it remained at that low level in the pandemic year 2020. Post-food subsidy inequality at .294 is now very close to its lowest level of 0.284 observed in 1993/94. A low level of extreme poverty in two consecutive years, and one including the pandemic, can be considered as an elimination of extreme poverty. The PMGKAY was critical in preventing any increase in extreme poverty levels in India and the doubling of food entitlements worked substantially in terms of absorbing the COVID-19 induced income shocks on the poor, said the IMF report. Meanwhile, PM Modi had announced the extension of PMGKAY last month till September 2022. Under the PMGKAY, free food grain is provided to those in need. The scheme was kickstarted in March 2020 amid the COVID-19 pandemic in the country and it was extended till March 2022 in November last year for four months (December 2021-March 2022). The scheme entails providing 5 kg foodgrains per person per month, over and above the regular monthly NFSA foodgrains. The benefit is being provided to those covered under the National Food Security Act (NFSA) [Antodaya Anna Yojana and Priority Households] including those covered under Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT). The government had in March 2020 announced the distribution of additional free-of-cost foodgrains (rice/wheat) to about 80 crore National Food Security Act (NFSA) beneficiaries in the wake of the situation created by COVID-19 so that the vulnerable households do not suffer on account of non-availability of adequate foodgrains. The pandemic shock is largely a temporary income shock, said the IMF report, adding that a temporary fiscal policy intervention was the fiscally appropriate way to absorb a large part of the shock. Consumption growth (an important determinant of poverty) was found to be higher in 2014-19 than the robust growth observed in 2004-2011. The paper also examined, in some detail, the plausibility of the results contained in the NSS consumer expenditure survey of 2017-18.</ref>

Paragraph 5: Altogether, fifteen Italian submarines and two German U-Boots were deployed in the western Mediterranean with the orders to attack any enemy ship greater than a destroyer. On August 11, 1942, the submarine, commanded by  captain Renato Ferrini, left Cagliari heading to an area 25 miles northwest of Cape Blanc, where he arrived the following day. At 6:00 on August 12, Axum left his assigned area, and at 14:00 Commander Ferrini, believing that the convoy would be going a lot closer to the coast, keeping their escorts to the north, ordered full ahead towards Cape Blanc while under water. At 18:21 a silhouette of the convoy was observed. At 18:40 Axum observed fumes on the right which were produced by the anti-aircraft guns engaging two airplanes. Axum continued her approach, and at 19:27, she observed through a periscope that the convoy about eight kilometers to her left. At 19:37 a new observation showed that the distance had dropped to 4,000 meters, and convoy was moving at 13 knots. Another periscope observation was done at 19:48, and a cruiser was selected as a target, and at 19:55, from an estimated distance of 1,300 meters from the first row of the convoy and 1,800 meters from the target cruiser, Axum launched a salvo of all four torpedoes: first was sent straight, second, 5° to the right, third 5° to the left, and finally last one, straight. Immediately Axum disengaged. 63 seconds after the launch, an explosion was heard, after 27 more seconds, two more, one after another. Captain Ferrini thought he had hit a ship in the first row and another one in the second row, but in reality three ships were hit.

Paragraph 6: Another key source of tension concerned the status of the Western Wall and al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem. On the one hand, the claim that Jews wanted to retake what Jews call the Temple Mount and Muslims call Haram al-Sharif and destroy the Muslim structures there had been a persistent theme of Arab propaganda. On the other hand, led by Hajj Amin al-Husseini, the mufti of Jerusalem, a campaign had begun in 1928 to reassert Muslim rights over the Western Wall, which was owned by Muslim authorities; al-Husseini ordered new construction in front of and on top of the Wall, and bricks from the construction fell on those who wished to pray there, while excrement from mules befouled the area in front of the Wall. Both sides viewed these developments as symbolically powerful to their respective causes. Jewish leaders appealed to the British authorities to intervene; when they did not, while British authorities were on leave, On August 14, 1929, hundreds of Jewish nationalists marched to the Western Wall shouting slogans such as "The Wall is Ours" and raising the Jewish national flag. Rumours, apparently part of an organized campaign, spread that Jewish youths had also attacked Arabs and had cursed Muhammad; Husseini's activists handed out fliers that appeared to have been pre-published appealing, with inflammatory religious rhetoric, to Muslims to avenge "the honor of Islam." Following an inflammatory sermon the next day, hundreds of Muslims organized by the Supreme Muslim Council converged on the Western Wall, burning prayer books and injuring the beadle. The rioting soon spread to the Jewish commercial area of town and the next day, August 17, a young Jew was stabbed to death. The authorities failed to quell the violence. On the evening of Thursday, August 22 and early the next morning, Arab villagers armed with sticks and knives gathered at the Haram al-Sharif. During the morning prayers, a nationalist preacher exhorted the Muslim faithful to fight against the Jews until the last drop of blood; gunshots were heard coming from the compound to excite the crowd. Inflamed by rumors that Jews were planning to attack al-Aqsa Mosque, Arabs left the compound and were spoken to by Husseini, who was instructed by the British authorities to calm the crowd, but in their impression excited them further; they then began to attack Jews in the Old City of Jerusalem and burn shops. Segev notes that whether the first victims were Jews or Arabs is a matter of much dispute; Laurens claims that the first murders of the day took place when two or three Arabs passing by the Jewish Quarter of Mea Shearim were killed. Rumours that Jews had massacred Arabs in Jerusalem then reached Hebron by that evening; the first murder, of a Jewish student alone in a yeshiva, occurred that evening.

Paragraph 7: The ability of the blue catfish to tolerate a wide range of climates and brackish water has allowed it to thrive in Virginia's rivers, lakes, tributaries, and the Chesapeake Bay. Unfortunately, the relatively low mortality rate, large body size, wide range of species preyed upon, and success as a predator has resulted in the blue catfish being considered a problematic invasive species in Virginia. Since their introduction in Virginia waters in the 1970s, blue catfish populations have exploded. Recent electrofishing studies have documented capture rates in excess of 6,000 fish/hr, whereas studies from the native range show peak electrofishing capture rates of 700 fish/hr. Clearly, blue catfish are a dominant species within the freshwater and oligohaline portions of Virginia's tidal rivers. The introduction of blue catfish in Virginia's tidal rivers was thought to have negative impacts on anadromous American shad, blueback herring, and alewife; however, predation of these species by blue catfish has been demonstrated to be minimal. Much of the narrative that has been built around the species as a dangerous apex predator in the Chesapeake Bay is simply not true. Researchers from Virginia Tech have found the species to be mostly herbivorous and omnivorous, with diets consisting largely of hydrilla and Asian clams, both of which are invasive to the Chesapeake Bay. Blue catfish do eat blue crabs with some regularity, which is problematic because blue crabs represent the most valuable fishery in the Chesapeake Bay.

Paragraph 8: Aside from the mini-studio, the attic contained two other rooms: a small guest bedroom and a games room used for recreation. Lennon filled it with three full sets of the model car racing game, Scalextric. When not in the attic, Lennon could usually be found in the sunroom watching television or reading newspapers. He would also walk in the garden with his black cat on his shoulder (he had ten cats in total). His drug intake, particularly LSD and hashish, but also amphetamine, was high for much of the time he lived at Kenwood. Drugs were taken there in the company of people such as Marianne Faithfull's ex-husband John Dunbar and art dealer Robert Fraser. At one stage, under the influence of transcendental meditation, Lennon renounced both meat-eating and drugs, and buried a huge quantity of LSD in the garden, which had been obtained by representatives of The Beatles at the Monterey Pop Festival from Augustus Stanley Owsley III. He later tried to find the LSD, but could not remember where he had buried it. Although none of the lavish parties they had planned took place – which remained a source of disappointment to Cynthia – various guests (including Monkee Michael Nesmith and his wife Phyllis, Bob Dylan and Peter Cook) stayed or dined at the house, together with old friends like Ivan Vaughan and Shotton from Liverpool, or strangers Lennon had met at a party or nightclub, such as the Ad Lib. Cynthia and Lennon were beginning to lead separate lives by 1967, and it was not uncommon for Cynthia to wake up in the morning to find the house filled with people in various states of intoxication whom Lennon had met in clubs the night before. Large parts of the house were unused by the Lennons, and visitors remarked that there was frequently a strange atmosphere.

Paragraph 9: They are petite in size with longer hind limbs than their fore limbs, with their hind limbs being about 2.9  to 3.1 cm. They have five digits on each front foot and only four on each hind foot. The soles of their feet are covered with long fur, while still exposing their digital pads on the soles of their feet and their curved claws. They range between 130 and 200 g in body mass and 17.8 to 19.8 cm in length. For both male and females, the average weight is around 157 g, with maximum growth rates increasing moving toward the northern parts of collared pika territories. They have constricted, flat skulls with no supraorbital processes, slender zygomatic arches, and 26 teeth. While some mammals have reduced clavicles for more range of motion, the collared pika has a well-developed clavicle supporting the scapula. They do not have a pubic symphysis therefore it does not have a pubic arch within its pelvic girdle. In addition, an interesting characteristic about the male collared pika is that it has no scrotum and the location of its testes is not visibly apparent. This indicates no sexual dimorphism; consequently, one must examine the pseudocloaca for evidence of specific genitalia to distinguish the sex of the collared pika.

Paragraph 10: At  on 29 March 1879, the tents were struck, reserve ammunition was distributed, and the troops took up their battle stations. As the troops moved to their posts they could see the Zulu right horn, circling north out of British artillery range before halting north-west of the camp. The left horn and centre of the impi continued westwards until they were due south of Kambula. At  Lieutenant-Colonel Redvers Henry Buller was ordered with his mounted troops, to sting the right horn into premature attack. The men rode out to within range of the massed Zulus, fired a volley and raced back, closely followed by a great wave of 11,000 Zulu warriors shouting "Don't run away Johnnie! We want to speak to you". As soon as the horsemen had reached Kambula and cleared the field of fire, the British infantry opened fire with support from their four 7-pounders firing shell, which had been firing over the heads of the horsemen and then when the Zulus got closer, engaging them with case (canister shot). A small number of Zulus managed to burst into the laager and were repelled with bayonets, while the bulk of the advance was held at bay by the steady British volley fire and artillery. Some of the Zulu force swung right to come in against the western side of the laager but were                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            met with equally effective volley-fire. At about  the Nkobamakosi of right horn drew back to the north-east.

Paragraph 11: Many F7s remained in service for decades, as railroads found them economical to operate and maintain. However, the locomotive was not very popular with yard crews who operated them in switching service because they were difficult to mount and dismount, and it was also nearly impossible for the engineer to see hand signals from a ground crew without leaning way outside the window. As most of these engines were bought and operated before two-way radio became standard on most American railroads, this was a major point of contention. In later years, with the advent of the "road switchers" such as the EMD GP7, F-units were primarily used in "through freight" and "unit train" service where there was little or no switching to be done.

Paragraph 12: Hilary comes to town as Cane Ashby's new assistant at Chancellor Industries. In the meantime, an anonymous blogger targets Cane and his wife Lily's (Christel Khalil) entire family, and even insinuates that Cane and Hilary are sleeping together. Hilary is working with Mason Wilder (Lamon Archey) to ruin the Winters family because she blames Neil Winters (Kristoff St. John) for her mother's death. Hilary goes so far as to serve liquor to the recovering alcoholic Neil. After Neil apologizes for his part in Rose's death, and also forgives Hilary for her schemes, he helps her get a job at Jabot Cosmetics as Jack Abbott's (Peter Bergman) assistant. In December 2013, Hilary helps Devon uncover that Mason has stolen his identity and they become friendly. Hilary works Jack, his son Kyle (Hartley Sawyer) and Jill Abbott (Jess Walton) take Chancellor Industries from Victor Newman (Eric Braeden) and Kyle accuses Hilary of falling for Jack. Though she rejects the idea, Hilary impulsively kisses Jack at a Valentine's Day gala and he encourages her to act like it never happened. Hilary also badgers Devon about his relationship with model Esmeralda (Briana Nicole Henry) and assuages him of his guilt after a hostage crisis at the club and they grow closer. Hilary clashes with Lily when Jack handpicks her to organize a fashion show at the club. Hilary later accompanies Neil to Los Angeles for a meeting with Forrester Creations where she fulfills her childhood dream of appearing on The Price Is Right. When she and Neil start an affair, Hilary convinces Neil to keep quiet until Devon exposes them. Neil convinces Hilary to move in with him despite his children's protest and they are married by late June 2014, the day after Hilary rejects Devon's kiss. Hilary follows a drunk Devon after he crashes her wedding reception and encourages him to move and he in turn professes his love for her. After Devon and Hilary nearly give into their feelings on several occasions, Devon announces he is leaving town and Hilary stops him by admitting that she is in love with him too. As they are set to tell Neil about their feelings, he is blinded in a freak accident and they agree to wait until he recovers. However, Devon and Hilary cannot deny their feelings and begin their affair on September 17, 2014. Cane discovers the affair when Devon and Hilary sneak off to New York together and demands they end it. However, they continue seeing one another behind his back and are discovered by Cane's father Colin (Tristan Rogers) and Colin blackmails Devon for cash.

Paragraph 13: Iceland is frequently referred to as one of the most LGBT-friendly countries in the world. Despite public antipathy towards LGBT people being high up until the 1980s, acceptance has increased significantly since then. Some of the earliest LGBT people to publicly come out include Hörður Torfason and Anna Kristjánsdottir, who both initially faced public discrimination and ridicule. The oldest existing Icelandic LGBT organization is Samtökin '78, which formed in 1978. They organized their first public protests in 1982, with support from sister associations in Denmark, Sweden and Norway. During the 1980s, Iceland came under considerable pressure from other Nordic states to improve the living conditions of LGBT people and pass anti-discrimination legislation; in 1984, the Nordic Council urged its member states to end discrimination against gays and lesbians. Over the following years, LGBT groups and activists began to enter the public eye and raise awareness of their cause and movement. With greater visibility, societal attitudes began to evolve and become more accepting and tolerant. In 1996, registered partnerships were legalised for same-sex couples, making Iceland the fourth country worldwide to provide legal recognition to same-sex couples (after Denmark, Norway, and Sweden). Anti-discrimination laws covering sexual orientation were also enacted, adoption by same-sex couples was legalised, and transgender transition laws were relaxed, allowing transgender people the right to change their legal gender on official documents. In 2010, the Icelandic Parliament voted unanimously to legalise same-sex marriage; Iceland became the ninth country to legalise it, joining the Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, Canada, South Africa, Norway, Sweden, and Portugal. In addition, former Prime Minister Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir (2009-2013), the first openly gay head of government of modern times, and her partner Jónína Leósdóttir became one of the first couples to marry in Iceland after the passage of the new law. Opinion polls have found overwhelming public support for same-sex marriage and LGBT rights more broadly. A 2004 poll showed that 87% of Icelanders supported same-sex marriage, one of the highest in the world. Moreover, in 2015, the Church of Iceland (about two-thirds of Icelanders are members) voted to allow same-sex couples to marry within its churches.

Paragraph 14: Nick Payne arrives in town after a shipwreck. Soon, he is romancing Brooke Logan. This eventually puts him at odds with her fiancé, Ridge Forrester. Their rivalry is exacerbated when his mother, Jacqueline Payne, reveals to Nick that he is the son of his employer, billionaire shipping magnate Massimo Marone making him Ridge's half-brother. Brooke chooses to marry Ridge. They go on their honeymoon in South America, where Ridge is kidnapped by a group of thugs working for Sheila Carter, a criminal who killed Ridge's wife Taylor Hayes. While saving Ridge, Brooke and Nick end up also being held captive by Sheila, demanding gold from Massimo. Ridge falls into a furnace and is presumed dead. While grieving, Brooke and Nick have sex. It is later revealed that Ridge is alive. Brooke realizes she is pregnant and is unsure if Ridge or Nick is the father. A DNA test reveals Nick is the father but months its later revealed that Ridge is actually the father. Brooke nearly marries Nick but the wedding is stopped by Ridge. Nick later had a brief romance with Ridge's half-sister, Felicia Forrester. She returned to L.A with a son called Dominick. Later, Nick begins to romance Bridget Forrester. They get married (a small interruption in their ceremony which reveals that Taylor Hayes was alive stops the initial wedding) at the Forrester Mansion. Bridget becomes pregnant, but finds out that Nick and her own mother, Brooke, had begun an affair. She faked an abortion. Nick and Bridget's stillborn baby Nicole was born in early 2006. They split up soon after. Nick, wanting Brooke back, stopped her wedding to Ridge and succeeded. Brooke and Nick finally married soon afterward. On one of the fashion show television shows Ridge purposely gave Brooke a scandalizing kiss causing Nick to lose it. Ridge continues his constant sexual advances to Brooke to try to break up Nick and Brooke and decides to put Brooke's sister Donna Logan on as lead model for Brooke's Bedroom to make Brooke jealous. Brooke leaves Nick in their bedroom in a huff when she sees Donna on television scantily clad and representing Brooke's Bedroom and goes to Ridge's house to confront him about it. Nick later slept with Bridget. Also during this time, Jackie falls off the staircase at the Forrester mansion and falsely claims that Stephanie pushed her. Nick blackmails Eric Forrester and the rest of the Forresters into selling him Forrester Creations or Stephanie will face charges. Brooke, furious at Nick's treatment of the Forresters, sells him her stock as well, ends her marriage to Nick and returns to Ridge.

Paragraph 15: Years later, Eternia has seen the end of tyranny and evil, and King Randor has married and ruled over a peaceful, prosperous people. Eternians are safe in the knowledge that their greatest threats are trapped behind the great barrier in the badlands near Snake Mountain. However, Skeletor finally breaks through the barrier and seeks to cause havoc once more, beginning with the capture of King Randor. Detecting the breach from within Castle Grayskull, the Sorceress informs Man-At-Arms, Randor's captain of the guards and a trustworthy ally, that the time has come for destiny to be fulfilled. Prince Adam, a spoiled, almost carefree heir-apparent to the throne of his father, Randor, is trained daily by the unrelenting Teela, his best friend. Adam is approached by Teela's father, Man-At-Arms, who takes Adam to Castle Grayskull. There, Adam learns from the Sorceress of an approaching evil which can only be defeated by someone destined to become the warrior He-Man, and is shocked to discover that he is the chosen one. Refusing to accept the responsibility, Adam returns home to find the palace in ruins, and that Skeletor's forces have captured his father. Adam, Man-At-Arms, and Teela pursue Randor's kidnappers into the forests, where they are ambushed. Adam is covered by Man-At-Arms as he returns to Grayskull, followed by his pet tiger Cringer, and the court magician Orko. His flight through the forest infuriates Teela, who only sees a coward leaving the scene of battle. Adam accepts his destiny, and is granted the Sword of Power, which he uses to become He-Man. With Cringer transforming into Battle Cat, a much larger beast strong enough to serve as a steed, He-Man returns to the scene of battle and rescues his father from Skeletor. Over the course of the first season, Randor's defenses expand, with many other fighters joining He-Man's cause. The Sorceress is revealed as the mother of Teela, whose ultimate destiny as the successor to the Sorceress manifests in small doses physically and mentally, often causing her pain or general befuddlement as she struggles to understand them. Skeletor becomes aware of Grayskull's power when he attacks it, prompting him to spend much of the season attempting to enter it. Hints are made as to the fate of Skeletor's mentor, Hordak, and the future main adversaries of the second season, the Snake Men. Much like the original series, selling toys was a key goal of this series, and He-Man and Skeletor would don variations of their costumes or different ones entirely whenever they were briefly "empowered" with an ancient relic or new technology. The first season ends on a cliffhanger in which Skeletor unites several of the other adversaries fought by the Heroic Masters into a grand council of evil. He captures most of the Masters, forcing He-Man and Teela to enter Snake Mountain. Adam becomes separated from his sword, and is soon forced to protect Castle Grayskull from Skeletor without it.

Paragraph 16: The federal government created Conrail to take over the potentially-profitable lines of multiple bankrupt carriers, including the Penn Central Transportation Company and Erie Lackawanna Railway. After railroad regulations were lifted by the 4R Act and the Staggers Act, Conrail began to turn a profit in the 1980s and was privatized in 1987. The two remaining Class I railroads in the East, CSX Transportation and the Norfolk Southern Railway (NS), agreed in 1997 to acquire the system and split it into two roughly-equal parts (alongside three residual shared-assets areas), returning rail freight competition to the Northeast by essentially undoing the 1968 merger of the Pennsylvania Railroad and New York Central Railroad that created Penn Central. Following approval by the Surface Transportation Board, CSX and NS took control in August 1998, and on June 1, 1999, began operating their respective portions of Conrail.

Paragraph 17: The Paoay Church, also known as the Church of San Agustín, is located in Paoay, Ilocos Norte. It is the most outstanding example in the Philippines of an Earthquake Baroque style architecture. Fourteen buttresses are ranged along the lines of a giant volute supporting a smaller one and surmounted by pyramidal finials. A pair of buttresses at the midpoint of each nave wall have stairways for access to the roof. The lower part of the apse and most of the walls are constructed of coral stone blocks, the upper levels being finished in brick, but this order is reversed on the facade. The massive coral stone bell tower, which was added half a century after the church was completed, stands at some distance from the church, again as a protection against damage during earthquakes. Poay church was built of baked bricks, coral rocks, salbot (tree sap) and lumber, and has 24 carved massive buttresses for support. It is an architectural solution to the area's challenging, natural setting. Both sides of the nave are lined with the most voluminous stone buttresses seen around the islands. Large coral stones were used for the lower level while bricks were used for the upper levels of the church. The walls are 1.67 meters thick made of the same materials. The detached bell tower is of notable interest as the tapering layers emphasizes the oriental style, a unique structure that reflects the design of a pagoda.  The church's exterior is made of coral stone and brick, held together by a mortar made from sugarcane juice, mango leaves, and rice straw among other ingredients. The facade of the church also has hints of a Gothic flavor with pilasters that extend from top to bottom, creating a strong vertical movement. While the exterior is decorated with rosettes and floral motifs that are reminiscent of Javanese temples, the interior is rather bare and solemn in comparison. Originally painted, the interior roof of the church today only shows an echo of the grand scenes that once graced the ceiling.

Paragraph 18: On the album, the Ziggy Stardust character is introduced directly on the third track, "Moonage Daydream". However, "Ziggy Stardust" is the central piece of the narrative of the album, presenting a complete "birth-to-death chronology". Both "Ziggy Stardust" and fellow album track "Lady Stardust" offer vastly different portraits of Ziggy. According to the author Peter Doggett, "Lady Stardust" presents an unfinished tale with "no hint at a denouement beyond a vague air of melancholy", while "Ziggy Stardust" shows Ziggy's rise and fall in a very human manner. O'Leary notes that the song's narrator is not definitive: it could be an audience member retrospectively discussing Ziggy, it could be one of the Spiders or even the "dissociated memories" of Ziggy himself. Ziggy has several rock star characteristics: drug use, an enormous cock, and the "too-wasted-to-leave-the-room pallor." He plays guitar "left hand", which Doggett and Pegg believe is inspired by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix, along with the lines "jiving us that we were voodoo" and "killed" by "the kids". Ziggy is "well-hung" and has a "snow-white tan", which Pegg believes suggests the "coked-up sexuality of Iggy Pop's stage persona." Pegg also notes the presence of Lou Reed of the Velvet Underground in the line "came on so loaded man". He also describes himself as "the Nazz", which was the American comedian Lord Buckley's nickname for Christ (as in "Nazarene"), as well as the name of several former backing bands for Todd Rundgren and Alice Cooper; Cooper had also fronted a group known as the Spiders in 1965. Doggett notes the similarity between the story of Jesus and Ziggy: the story of Jesus ended in death, and is followed by "a mysterious afterlife, acolytes, skeptics, and all the other paraphernalia associated with the premature demise of modern-day icons", mentioning the likes of Marilyn Monroe, James Dean, Hendrix, Elvis Presley, John Lennon and Kurt Cobain. According to Pegg, the line "making love with his ego" most likely refers to Jim Morrison and Mick Jagger, but believes "the list of applicants is still growing." The line "Ziggy sucked up into his mind" reprises the line "your laughter is sucked in their brains" from the Hunky Dory track "Queen Bitch".

Paragraph 19: The story starts in a train journey, where John David, Ananda Raman are travelling in the second class. John talks to various passengers, picks up a conversation with Anantharaman and tells him, that he has seen him somewhere. The train breaks down and everyone gets down to have refreshment. John suggests Ananda Raman, that they hop on to a passing lorry and then take a taxi. Meanwhile, John identifies him as the owner of Pravasi Malayalam channel in Dubai sometimes back. They reach a nearby town by lorry and take a room in a local lodge. That night they drink together and shares each other's story. John works as an animator, in a big concern. During his childhood he fell in love Anna in Assam. He lived in orphanage where Anna used to visit with her father. When he was ten years, her family moved due to her father's transfer. John studied and moved out of orphanage, got job. Later at the age of 36, he moved to Dubai for a job, there he meets Anna again. He learns that she is married. At times, he meets her. Suddenly Anna and her husband meets with an accident where her husband dies. John feels lucky, proposes to Anna after all the rituals get over. He feels that life has given him his chance for waiting so long. He marries Anna. Now he asks Ananda Raman, as why is he upset and what is bothering him. Ananda Raman shares his flashback. He runs a channel in Kerala, where all news is given accurately. He takes the  loan and arranges for fund, and opens a new channel in Dubai. His wife asks him if this move is required and is it safe. He wants to make big in life. He moves to Dubai to run the channel. A big recession strikes UAE where almost all contractors lose their job and are asked to leave. Most of their visas are cancelled and are deported asap. Ananda Raman's channel keeps capturing this news. He also runs short of fund for the channel and is unable to pay the debt, and one day he has to return to Kerala. His sudden visit worries his wife. The money lenders chase him over phone and threatens, he changes his house, phone number. He and his wife have a heated argument and he leaves the house. Now he is on the run.

Paragraph 20: John Evershed, formerly showrunner on Happy Tree Friends and current founder of Mondo Media, argued that the "enduring popularity" of this genre is a result of The Simpsons, a massive "animation franchise," and said this proves "the time-tested formula" of the genre works, even though it was "controversial" when it was released. Evershed also said that the show made clear that animation is "more than just kids content." Others also argued that the show marked a turning point in U.S. attitudes "toward cartoons written primarily for adult audiences" The Simpsons would later win the Guinness World Records award for "Longest-running animated sitcom (by episode count)." Chris Turner, author of Planet Simpson: How a Cartoon Masterpiece Documented an Era and Defined a Generation argued that culture and events of 1990s "can all be understood through a Simpsons prism."  Some critics argued that The Simpsons was responsible for "popularizing adult animation" while influencing "satirical cartoons" like South Park and Family Guy. Others even said that The Simpsons opened the "door for Cartoon Network's Adult Swim" and praised it for being "extremely unique and ... constantly evolving." Andrew J. Crow of Time magazine noted the influence of The Simpsons on adult animation, with Family Guy, King of the Hill, and Bob's Burgers, among others, featuring some version of the same structure, while "non-family-based shows" have drawn from "Matt Groening's hyper-referential style, irreverence and slapstick humor." He quoted Alex Hirsch, creator of Gravity Falls, as describing adult animation as an "arms race of different ways to copy The Simpsons." Two of Hirsch's friends from CalArts, Pendleton Ward (creator of Adventure Time) and J. G. Quintel (creator of Regular Show) were also inspired by The Simpsons. In 1989, The Simpsons began airing on Fox Broadcasting Company in prime time, becoming a massive hit among American audiences. In response, ABC, CBS and NBC each developed animated series to air in prime time, but none of the shows were successful. One series, Capitol Critters, focused on subjects such as gun control, interracial violence and political corruption. In his review of the series, Variety critic Brian Lowry wrote that he felt that the series' approach was "muddled", and that "the bland central character and cartoonish elements ... will likely be off-putting to many adults, who won't find the political satire biting enough to merit their continued attention. Similarly, kids probably won't be as smitten with the cartoon aspects or look". The series was cancelled after one month. The Critic was somewhat more successful, but achieved low ratings because of ABC's sporadic scheduling, and was cancelled by the network. Fox picked up the series, but cancelled it four months later.  While Fox allowed The Simpsons to portray animated depictions of human buttocks, ABC would not allow similar scenes to appear on The Critic.

Paragraph 21: Parker and Stone were unhappy with the turkey attack subplot, which they felt "never really went anywhere" and ended abruptly without any satisfying conclusion. They nevertheless included it because they felt obligated to include a B story, since every episode in the season so far had included one. Later in the series, they said they realized this was not necessary and made many episodes without a B story. Although the duo liked the "payoff" of the Starvin' Marvin main plot, they did not know how to end the turkey subplot, so they simply had the characters kill all the turkeys and claim that there were none left; they decided this sudden ending was the funniest possible option. Stone said of the subplot, "The turkeys were just an excuse to have the Braveheart sequence." The animators enjoyed creating the turkey battle scene, which was designed to be shown in widescreen aspect ratio while the rest of the episode was animated normally. However, the animation proved to be very difficult and took a long time to do because it involved a larger number of characters and animals in one scene than had ever been featured previously in the show. Some of the characters in the far background were animated in a gray and shadowy style, which Parker said was not so much a visual effect as it was a "lighting effect meaning we didn't want to draw all these people".

Paragraph 22: In 2010, Stephen Kiesle was accused of abusing an 11-year-old girl, Teresa Rosson, from 1972, the year he was ordained, until 2001, two decades after he had been removed from the priesthood. Kiesle married Rosson's mother in 1982.  In 1978, Kiesle had pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge of lewd conduct for tying up and molesting two boys in a church rectory and was removed from his duties as a priest.  From 1985 to 1988, Kiesle volunteered as a youth minister in a parish in Pinole, but was removed after a worker in the Diocese's Office of Youth Ministry complained.  Kiesle was formally defrocked in 1987.  Eight of Kiesle's victims settled with the Diocese in 2005 for between $1 million and $1.5 million each, part of a total of $56 million in settlements paid out by the Diocese that year to those who had been abused, and more than a quarter of a million in therapy for victims. Diocese-owned insurance policies covered some 57% of these payments. Kiesle was sentenced to six years in prison; some of the charges were dropped because they were beyond the legal statute of limitations. He was returned to prison for four months for possessing pornography in violation of his parole.

Paragraph 23: After the U.S.S. Lexington went down in the Battle of Coral Sea on May 8, 1942, Conarty was among the many Lexington survivors that were assigned to the U.S.S. Alabama (BB-60) to put it into commission.  Conarty was known for his boxing skill and was a member of both the Lexington and Alabama boxing teams.  Nicknamed "Jack" Conarty during his service aboard the "Mighty A," he was known as an exciting boxer who "packed a blockbuster in his left (southpaw) and would take anything his opponent could hand out just long enough to unload one of his bombs."  It is said that he never lost a single boxing match in his entire service aboard BB-60.

Paragraph 24: If Abingdon was not the one who encouraged the poem's composition, he at least enjoyed having the celebrated poet in his household.  At around this time, Gould also became a friend of Fleetwood Sheppard's, who appeared to treat the poet with great generosity.  The next poems from Gould continued the misogyny of Love Given O'er (e.g. A Satyr on Wooing, Epistle to One Made Unhappy in Marriage, A Scourge for Ill Wives, inter al.) and attempted to broaden out the satire into an attack on human vanity in particular and mankind in general.  Gould's A Satyr on Mankind was, in its own day, noted for its excellence, and Alexander Pope paraphrases it.  Additionally, Jonathan Swift uses some of the same satirical figures, and it is likely that both authors had read Gould in the 1709 version of his poems.  Also in 1683 (on 17 June), Gould married Martha Roderick, and the two would later have a daughter named Hannah.  Between 1683 and 1689, Gould produced a number of satires, some of them providing unique insight into the English Restoration. Satyr Upon the Play-House (1688), for example, attacked the parentage and pretense of Elizabeth Barry and Thomas Betterton, as well as the dissipate, drunken, whoring patrons of the theater.  It records the life of London around Covent Garden, complete with demobbed soldiers, thieves, prostitutes, and the nobility who only cover their filth in gold, cosmetics, and perfumes.  He also produced a few topical satires, such as To Julian, Secretary of the Muses, which attacks an anonymous lampoon author and gives specific detail about the personalities and personages of some of the dramatists of the day.  He even wrote a poem in honour of a retarded villager of Lavington before, two years later, writing a violent attack on the stupidity and obduracy of all the "simple folk" of the country.

Paragraph 25: After training, they're thrown into their first mission when famous celebrities, including rock star Rob Hearthrob and animal psychologist Peppy Wolfman, have been mysteriously abducted. This also shows how the girls obtained their differently colored uniforms (thanks to a design suggestion by Clover). They first go to Wolfman's building where Alex has Oinky "go hog wild for mommy" as a distraction, and Oinky deliberately runs around the lobby with the other animals and the receptionist in pursuit. They later find that each went through a makeover by a mysterious machine called the "Fabulizor", discovered thanks to security footage in Wolfman's office. They later see that everyone at school also had gone through the Fabulizor, having the same look the next day, and Oinky ends up going through the Fabulizor, getting the same makeover as well. This is after nearly being blasted by one of the bad guy's minions in a fighter jet while being flown back to school and after nearly avoiding Miss Skritch as they sneak back into school. Tailing Mandy that night, they find that all of those who went through the Fabulizor became hypnotized by a special chip in their cheekbones prior to the makeover and Alex spots Oinky behind the crowd and grabs onto him, with Sam and Clover grabbing onto Alex as they get abducted into a strange space station out in space, after being abducted they disguised themselves as one of them by adding makeup. They then meet the mastermind behind the entire affair, Fabu, a runway model who quickly lost fame in five minutes on the runway and was ashamed of not being a part of the crowd during his childhood. The spies accidentally expose themselves and are captured by Fabu's strongest henchmen. He then relates his entire plan, to abduct everyone who went through the Fabulizor and place them inside a special space station which he calls Fabutopia to live out new lives in the posh surroundings, then uses a missile to destroy all of Earth, before using his Fabulizor in reverse and give the girls each horrible makeovers (Sam gets green skin, Clover grows a unibrow and Alex gets massive pimples). He then sets them to be blasted back to Earth in rockets. But just as he leaves, things get more difficult when Tad meets the girls again while they are still imprisoned and says he will let them fail the mission and stop Fabu himself, taking all the credit and regaining his "favorite agent" status with Jerry.

Paragraph 26: Ellsworth Raymond "Bumpy" Johnson was born in Charleston, South Carolina, on October 31, 1905, to Margaret Moultrie and William Johnson. When he was 10, his older brother Willie was accused of killing a white man. Afraid of a possible lynch mob, his parents mortgaged their tiny home to raise money to send Willie up north to live with relatives. Johnson's nickname "Bumpy" is derived from a bump on the back of his head. As Johnson grew older, his parents worried about his short temper and insolence towards whites, and in 1919 he was sent to live with his older sister Mabel in Harlem. Johnson dropped out of high school and began working unruly jobs. Gangster William Hewett started to notice him. Johnson then began working for him, beginning his life of crime.

Paragraph 27: Of course, the knowledge that her courage changed her status dramatically led to her possible conviction that had she shown such elan from the onset, her child would be alive. That haunted her. What she did not know at this point, was that her captivity was coming to an end. Her father's desperate efforts to find her had finally begun to pay off. He had located Comancheros who were willing to go and trade for her, and his instructions were to ransom her at any cost. The Comanches were camped north of Santa Fe when they were approached by Comancheros who wanted to ransom Rachel in accordance with the instructions of her father.  She wrote in her book of the agony of believing that the traders had not offered enough to buy her freedom - and her not knowing that in fact, they were simply trying to get the best bargain, because her father had told them to pay any price, no matter how high, to rescue her. She was sold to them on June 19, 1837. Her rescue had been arranged by Colonel and Mrs. William Donaho, acting for the Parker family, and to whom she was delivered in Santa Fe after a journey of 17 days. Two weeks after her arrival, the Donahos, fearing trouble as the native population of Santa Fe was in virtual rebellion, fled some  to Independence, Missouri, with Rachel with them. Three months later, Rachel's brother-in-law, Lorenzo D. Nixon, escorted her back to Texas, since her father was still out in the Comancherio searching for her. She was reunited with her husband on February 19, 1838, nearly two years after the Fort Parker Massacre. She was gaunt to the point of near starvation, covered with scars and sores, and in very poor health.

Paragraph 28: Male, female. Forewing length 2.9-4.9 mm. Head: frons shining yellowish white, vertex light brown, neck tufts brown, medially and laterally lined white, collar brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment two-thirds of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined dark brown laterally; scape dorsally dark brown with white anterior and dorsal lines, ventrally shining white, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to two-thirds, interrupted from one-third, followed towards apex by three white segments, one partially brown, two white, five brown and four white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae brown, thorax with a white median line. Legs: femora shining greyish brown, tibia and tarsi shining brown, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments, fifth segment entirely white, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one, two and four with white apical rings, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg as midleg, tarsal segment one with white basal and apical rings, other segments ochreous with indistinct white apical rings, spurs white with a longitudinal brown streak. Forewing dark brown, five narrow white lines in the basal area, a costal from one-quarter to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base to two-fifths, bending from costa beyond half, a medial from base to the transverse fascia, a subdorsal from one-fifth to the transverse fascia, bending from dorsum distally, a dorsal from one-sixth to or nearly to the transverse fascia, a broad pale yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle almost to apex, inwardly with a small basal protrusion, bordered at the inner edge by two silver to pale golden metallic, tubercular subcostal and subdorsal spots, the subcostal spot with a patch of blackish scales on the outside, the subdorsal spot beyond inner edge of transverse fascia and further from base than the subcostal, inwardly edged dark brown, at two-thirds of the transverse fascia similarly coloured costal and subdorsal spot, both spots opposite, the costal spot smaller than the subdorsal and inwardly edged brown, a white costal streak connected to the outer costal spot followed by a broad pale yellow streak into costal cilia, a broad shining white apical line, cilia pale brown around apex, pale yellow mixed pale brown towards dorsum. Hindwing shining brownish grey, cilia pale brown. Underside: forewing shining greyish brown, apical half of forewing lighter and apical line visible, cilia pale yellow at costa; hindwing shining greyish brown at costa, pale grey at dorsum. Abdomen dorsally pale greyish brown with greenish and reddish gloss, ventrally shining white, anal tuft dorsally greyish white, ventrally shining white.

Paragraph 29: Since the 2009–2010 season, there has been minimal change in Southern California Hockey up until the latest season. Most of the teams from the list below remain in some form still active. With edits to playing rules that have heavily opposed the ones of the Northern California Amateur Hockey Association, SOCAL has had a predominant role in youth California hockey. Some of the changes that have happened in the playing rules and league changes have been caused by the parent organization CAHA (California Amateur Hockey Association) and their parent organization USA Hockey. Most of rule changes since 2010 have involved a further emphasis on cross ice (using only one zone of the three on the ice to play a game of hockey, this is used mostly in the younger age groups) games for the Mite divisions. Also, there have been further divisions made in how they manage players of different skill levels. In 2010, they had some clubs and age groups that would have the AA division as their highest level of hockey. Some clubs, as of this moment only the Jr. Ducks and Jr. Kings, have included the international AAA division for players who are taking a more serious approach to hockey and are aiming at professional play. However, since only two clubs offer this division AAA travel internationally to play other teams and do not compete at the local level. More it terms of being local, the AA division is offered by a handful of clubs in SOCAL and although they also compete internationally, they do it far less than the AAA teams. Instead, they compete at the statewide level against other SOCAL AA teams as well as AA teams from NORCAL (Northern California Amateur Hockey Association). The A and B divisions used to be the only local divisions, in which SOCAL teams only against each other and the same for NORCAL teams. Now, there has been a new division added; BB, which is intended to serve as an intermediary for teams unskilled enough in the A division but are overly skilled for the B divisions. All three of them play weekly local games in their respected division, but the top two teams from NORCAL and top two teams from SOCAL will face off in the CAHA state championships, the only non localized games in these divisions that go on during the season. All of the listed hockey divisions go on tournaments, in which they travel to another location to play teams from other states and occasionally other countries. The prime example of a tournament of teams from different US States and Canadian Provinces is the International Silver Stick. Often, multi rink facilities or separate rinks will host tournaments as well. The most common SOCAL hosted tournaments are located in Riverside, Los Angeles, Anaheim, San Diego, and Valencia. Since these tournaments are either meant for AA or AAA teams, for them it is a part of their regular season. For the A, BB, and B teams, these tournaments are an entirely different form of competition so they usually temporarily merge into the SOCAL league.

Paragraph 30: During a visit to a recording studio, Carey was given a beat by the Legendary Traxster. On a later date, she met with American rapper Twista backstage after a show. When Carey mentioned the track, Twista told her that the beat had been originally intended for him, and that he had already written lyrics for it. They decided to collaborate on the track, which later was titled "One and Only". In the following months, Carey wrote and co-produced several songs including "Say Somethin' (with Snoop Dogg and The Neptunes), "To the Floor" (with Nelly), and "Fly Like a Bird" with James "Big Jim" Wright. By November, she felt that she had composed enough good material for The Emancipation of Mimi. After Reid listened to the album, however, he suggested the singer compose a few more "strong" singles to ensure the project's commercial success. Based on his recommendation, Carey met with Jermaine Dupri in Atlanta for a brief studio session, since Reid felt she had written some of her best work with him. During this two-day trip, Carey and Dupri wrote and produced "Shake It Off" and "Get Your Number", which were released as the album's third and fourth singles. Following this recording session, "Shake It Off" was briefly selected as the album's lead single, replacing the other contenders, "Stay The Night" and "Say Somethin'". Carey later returned to Atlanta for a second meeting with Dupri; they then penned the last two songs for the album: "We Belong Together" and "It's Like That". In an interview for Billboard, Carey described her sentiments regarding "It's Like That" during the production stage: