Paragraph 1: Young Pilgrim has received generally favorable reviews, albeit some mixed from music critics. Broden Terry of AbsolutePunk awarded the album a score of 95% and noted, "Young Pilgrim is undoubtedly the finest accomplished of Charlie Simpson's music career to date. This twelve-track effort sees Simpson once again overhaul his sound into a beautiful blend of folk, acoustic and pop, while also implementing rich harmonies, absorbing melodies, thoughtfully constructed lyrics, and the clarity of luscious instrumentation to wonderful effect." BBC Music critic Fraser McAlpine gave a favorable review and reported that Simpson is "clearly a gifted singer and songwriter. There’s a lot of walking streets alone, blisters cracking over skin, melancholy trips to childhood haunts, and a lot of soul-searching: classic singer-songwriter fare. Thankfully, our hero has two important things on his side: a robust way with a tune and a swag-bag rammed with glorious multi-tracked harmonies." James Lachno of British broadsheet The Daily Telegraph gave a more mixed review. While awarding the album three stars out of five, he opined, "Simpson’s husky voice and warm melodies show promise, but his bitterwsweet, pastoral romanticism – all "old oak trees" and "morning snow" – is clichéd." Similarly, Dave Simpson of The Guardian also awarded three stars out of five, writing, "His first offering in this guise is solid rather than spectacular, his Eddie Vedder croon occasionally let down by a lyrical clunker. He sounds much more convincing on "Parachutes" and "All at Once", melancholy Lemonheads-y pop full of regret for broken relationships." In contrast, Lewis Corner of Digital Spy awarded Young Pilgrim four stars out of five and explained, "Simpson showcases his singer-songwriter sensibilities best on tracks "Riverbanks" and "All at Once" - the former a breezy anthem that climaxes with a crescendo of guitars and strings that wouldn't sound out of place at a Snow Patrol gig, while the latter is a barnyard knees-up of pacey folk beats and brash guitar strums." Tom Spinelli of Melodic.net also gave highly favorable feedback. Awarding four-and-a-half stars out of five, he noted that, "Simpson takes the folk rock route drifting away from his previous bands and most recent rock outfit Fightstar. Whether it’s his band or his solo material, this man is a force in the music industry. I have stood by this statement and will stand by this as time goes on. Everyone needs to check out this album and support this talented artist." Sunday Mercury critic Paul Cole was impressed with the album, writing that, "Simpson has delivered a subtle set of songs. Musically, there’s more than a little Coldplay in here; a dash of David Gray; a new baritone vocal that nods to The National’s Matt Berninger. Highlights include "Hold On" – an Imogen Heap-style experiment with multi-tracked vocals – and finalé "Riverbanks", a crescendo of guitar, piano and strings. Paid for by the fans through the Pledge programme, this is worth making a pilgrimage for."

Paragraph 2: In 1988 Tinieblas introduced a new sidekick/partner/mascota in the form of Alushe, wearing a furry full body suit including a mask that made him resemble an Ewok from the Return of the Jedi movie. His name, image and playful character was inspired by the legend of the Alux, a Maya mythical sprite. The diminutive sidekick was added to appeal to the kids in the audience and given an intricate storyline background to help sell the "Mythical" nature of the creature Alushes. According to his fictional back story he is a Mayan elf born in the year 1767 in the city of Anahuac in Xibalba, the Mayan version of hell and made his debut in 1988 at the tender age of 221 years. Over the years Alushe would accompany Tinieblas to the ring and in a comedic fashion play the foil to various rudo (wrestlers who portray the "bad guy" characters) opponents of Tinieblas, often in a comedic fashion. He never worked as an actual wrestler, not even when Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) created the Mini-Estrellas division, choosing to remain a Mascota who would get involved in his "Masters" matches. As Alushe he has outwitted and at times even pinned much larger opponents, feats that within the fictional world of professional wrestling were accepted even though they clearly broke the suspension of disbelief principles professional wrestling operates under. While he did not compete regularly as a wrestler he did get involved in a Luchas de Apuestas, or "Bet match" where all competitors would wager either their mask or their hair on the outcome of the match. On April 7, 2004, Alushe defeated a Mini-Estrella known as Pequeño Sadam (Little Sadam) and forced him to unmask. At one point Pierroth Jr.'s group Los Boricuas kidnapped Alushe and in a comedic segment threatened to boil him in a giant pot and eat him if Tinieblas and Tinieblas Jr. did not agree to their terms. Instead of boiling him, realizing he would probably not smell or taste good, Pierroth offered Alushe women, candy, and money to join his team as long as he swore allegiance to Puerto Rico. He took the offer and for a short while joined Los Boricuas, wearing Puerto Rican inspired clothes as he helped the rudo team cheat. The storyline did not last long as Alushe was back by Tinieblas side with no explanation a short while later. In 2005 Tinieblas and Alushe had a falling out and Tinieblas gave the costume and name to someone else. The replacement did not prove as successful as the original Alushe, nor have the same longevity as Tinieblas started a search for a new Alushe in 2010.

Paragraph 3: Italian literary criticism has often looked at the decadent movement on a larger scale, proposing that its main features could be used to define a full historical period, running from the 1860s to the 1920s. For this reason, the term Decadentism, modelled on "Romanticism" or "Expressionism", became more substantial and widespread than elsewhere. However, most critics today prefer to distinguish between three periods. The first period is marked by the experience of Scapigliatura, a sort of proto-decadent movement. The Scapigliati (literally meaning "unkempt" or "dishevelled") were a group of writers and poets who shared a sentiment of intolerance for the suffocating intellectual atmosphere between the late Risorgimento (1860s) and the early years of unified Italy (1870s). They contributed to rejuvenate Italian culture through foreign influences and introduced decadent themes like illness and fascination with death. The novel Fosca (1869) by Igino Ugo Tarchetti tells of a love triangle involving a codependent man, a married woman and an ugly, sick and vampire-like figure, the femme fatale Fosca. In a similar way, Camillo Boito's Senso and his short stories venture into tales of sexual decadence and disturbing obsessions, such as incest and necrophilia. Other Scapigliati were the novelists Carlo Dossi and Giuseppe Rovani, the poet Emilio Praga, the poet and composer Arrigo Boito and the composer Franco Faccio. As for the visual arts, Medardo Rosso stands out as one of the most influential European sculptors of that time. Most of the Scapigliati died of illness, alcoholism or suicide. The second period of Italian Decadentism is dominated by Gabriele D'Annunzio, Antonio Fogazzaro and Giovanni Pascoli. D'Annunzio, who was in contact with many French intellectuals and had read the works of Nietzsche in the French translation, imported the concepts of Übermensch and will to power into Italy, although in his own particular version. The poet's aim had to be an extreme aestheticization of life, and life the ultimate work of art. Recurrent themes in his literary works include the supremacy of the individual, the cult of beauty, exaggerated sophistication, the glorification of machines, the fusion of man with nature, the exalted vitality coexisting with the triumph of death. His novel The Pleasure, published one year before The Picture of Dorian Gray, is considered one of the three genre-defining books of the Decadent movement, along with Wilde's novel and Huysmans's Against Nature. Less flashy and more isolated than D'Annunzio, and close to the French symbolists, Pascoli redefined poetry as a means of clairvoyance to regain the purity of things. Finally, the third period, which can be seen as a postlude to Decadentism, is marked by the voices of Italo Svevo, Luigi Pirandello and the Crepusculars. Svevo, with his novel Zeno's Conscience, took the idea of sickness to its logical conclusion, while Pirandello proceeded to the extreme disintegration of the self with works such as The Late Mattia Pascal, Six Characters in Search of an Author and One, No One, and One Hundred Thousand. On the other side, the Crepuscular poets (literally "twilight poets") turned Pascoli's innovations into a mood-conveying poetry, which describes the melancholy of everyday life in shady and monotonous interiors of provincial towns. These atmospheres were explored by the painters Mario Sironi, Giorgio de Chirico and Giorgio Morandi. Guido Gozzano was the most brilliant and ironic of the Crepusculars, but we can also remember Sergio Corazzini, Marino Moretti and Aldo Palazzeschi.

Paragraph 4: The 1952 Atlantic hurricane season was the last Atlantic hurricane season in which tropical cyclones were named using the Joint Army/Navy Phonetic Alphabet. It was a near normal Atlantic hurricane season, although it was the least active since 1946. The season officially started on June 15; however, a pre-season unnamed storm formed on Groundhog Day, becoming the only storm on record in the month of February. The other six tropical cyclones were named using the Joint Army/Navy Phonetic Alphabet, the first of which formed on August 18. The final storm of the season dissipated on October 28, two and a half weeks before the season officially ended on November 15.

Paragraph 5: Baron Ferdinand von Mueller, Angus McMillan and Alfred Howitt were some of the first Victorian settlers to explore the Victorian Alps in the early 1850s. Gold was found in the region in 1852 and brought thousands to the high plains. In search of grazing pastures men such as John Mitchell, George Gray, James Brown and John Wells travelled from central Victoria in what is now the Hume region to the Bogong high plains, settling in the area because of its abundance of natural grass fields. These early settlements were often seasonal as the harsh winter made grazing and mining impractical. The communities in the Victorian Alps were disconnected from Australian civilisation, which bread a distinctive way of life epitomised in the famed poem by Banjo Patterson, "The Man from Snowy River". After the Second World War a growing population increased the demand for timber from the Victorian Alps. This added growth to the economy of the area with the building of a series of roads, train-lines and bridges, the most prominent of these being the Great Alpine Road, a 308 km fully paved mountain pass that connects Bairnsdale in East Gippsland, to Wangaratta in Central Victoria. The road reaches an altitude of  AHD at a site called the cross, which is the highest section of sealed road in Australia; the site was a popular tourist destination with motorists in the 1920s and 1930s.

Paragraph 6: WULM has had many different formats over the years since it started broadcasting.  Originally country (as WJEL) when it was founded, when it was sold to a group of local businessmen and the call letters were changed to WBLY for the principals - Bailey, Lucas and Yontz.  The station operated at 1600 kHz with 1,000 watts of power from sunrise to sunset.  During winter months, WBLY was authorized to operate at 250 watts from 6:00 AM until sunrise. The format was changed to talk in the morning along with music, with its host Smilin' Bob (Bob Yontz) and was a MOR station (Middle of the Road) the rest of the day.  Smilin Bob remained a personality on the station through the 1970s and into the early 1990s.  He became greatly known all around the valley.  He was famous for giving all of his callers a nickname, and he handed out many.  WBLY also aired a Sunday morning big band program hosted by Roger Sharp that was the top rated program in its time slot for the Dayton area.  Upon Sharp's death in 1989, the Sunday morning program was hosted by Tom Eipper (airname Tom James).  In 1981 WBLY changed its format to classic country and switching to oldies in 1987 and the following year it was "sold" to Yontz's son Ron, who operated RAY broadcasting.  In 1988 WBLY moved its tower from its former AM-friendly location off West First Street to a more FM-friendly location on Miller Road.  The tower move increased WAZU's coverage in the Dayton area, but was detrimental to the AM station.  Also in 1988 WBLY (which was a "daytime" station) received authorization to operate 24 hours per day. The authorized power from sunset to sunrise was 30 watts.  To celebrate, and in keeping with the format, staff members Dale Grimm and Jim Mosier were on the air for 24 continuous hours, operating from the station's "street studio" on the first floor of the Marketplace on South Fountain Avenue.

Paragraph 7: Original Air Date—10 April 2011 The 11 remaining girls hit the runway for an amazing week. At panel one of the girls is eliminated. Another week cardiac output Paulette Acosta, Giselle dancing with the girls and the pace of Tito el Bambino marked the sixth show of Nuestra Belleza Latina 2011. The 11 participants were subjected to two major tests during the week: report from a construction site through any obstacle and a pole dancing sensual dance where they had to demonstrate their agility as athletes and dancers at the challenge of pole dancing. Pretty generally conductive, Giselle Blondet, is responsible for encouraging girls during the tests but this time wanted to show solidarity with them and learn the choreography of the show opening. The audience went crazy when Giselle went to the dance floor to shake your hips to the rhythm of mambo and demonstrate that if they compete, the girls would be in serious trouble to snatch the crown. This challenge was held secret for a week and eleven girls did not know what to expect when they arrived at the location, in miniskirts and heels. Once there were reported to be reported from a construction site without suspecting that the production would submit to all sorts of obstacles to measuring the calm before the cameras in front of unexpected situations. When Nuestra Belleza Latina participants were in full report at all surprised by the sound of a drilling machine that kept driving their interviews or listen to their interviews. All of them will cast a valde of water and mud as they were about to close his report that helped the jury to measure who responded and who are naturally frozen on camera. If you thought the treacherous catwalk last week was difficult, the challenges of this week confirmed that this competition is getting tougher. During the week the candidates had to rehearse sexy choreography, in which used as tools from chairs to a tube, activity that was not all easy because each had to demonstrate physical dexterity and could not always look as seductive as intended. Our dear Charytín was encouraging them and watching their development to qualify. Diana Cano was really distressed testing tube and surprised all with his shyness and concern about what your coworkers think of her Wall Street. Darla proved to be the most agile of the group, and a good companion to teach Gredmarie their best moves. After the challenges came time to decide. They announced the candidate with fewer votes from the public and the two who had received worse grades on the challenges. The girl with the fewest public votes was Paulette Acosta, and she joined Villa and Diana Cano Jocell with lower qualifications. It's time for the girls to save someone and no one would believe to be saved. Nothing more, nothing less than Diana Cano, the most direct of all participants. In front of the judges were Jocell and Paulette Villa Acosta, the latter being the judges decided to eliminate. We are consenting to our audience and because you asked Tito "El Bambino" will be responsible to make everyone dance to its rhythm. So do not forget to vote for your artist consented to appear at the next gala. The first intrigues and rivalries between Jocell Villa, Paulette Acosta, Diana Cano, Maribel Santiago, Nastassja Bolivar, Miriam Hernandez, Darla Delgado, Julieta Cabrera, Nicole Smith, Patricia Corcoran and Columbus Gredmarie have already emerged, but who of them will next to leave? Hopefully your good luck charms they can use to continue in the competition.

Paragraph 8: The Missile Badge is a military decoration of the United States Air Force which was first created on 23 May 1958.  The  "pocket rocket" badge recognizes those commissioned officers and enlisted personnel of the US Air Force who have qualified as missile personnel (both TAC and SAC (now AFGSC)) that have been trained in the maintenance or launching of land-based and air-launched nuclear weapons under the direction of the National Command Authority.  Originally known as the Missileman Badge, the Missile Badge later became known as the Missileer Badge or more informally the Pocket Rocket and is still often referred to by this name.

Paragraph 9: When a request is made for a JHTML page, e.g. "index.jhtml", the request for this page is forwarded from the HTTP server to another system running a Java application server. The JHTML page is compiled first into a .java file and then into a Java .class file. The application server runs the code in the .class file as a servlet whose sole function is to emit a stream of standard HTTP and HTML data back to the HTTP server and on back to the client software (the web browser, usually) that originally requested the document. The principal benefit of this system is that it allows logic running in Java on the application server to generate the HTML dynamically. Often a database is queried to accumulate the specific data needed in the page.

Paragraph 10: The grille became more massive in 1942, with even fewer bars and was the beginning of the traditional "egg crate" appearance that all future products adopted. Parking lights became round and fog light sockets became rectangular and were included in the grille area. A bullet shape appeared on the tops of the bumper guards. Fenders were rounded and longer and no longer featured side ventilation grilles. Front fender character outlines now extended into the front doors, a feature GM called "Airfoil" for all products for that year, and rear fenders extended forward into the rear door. The new fenders had heavy moldings along the sides. The appearance was more expressive and expansive in comparison to the all-new Packard Clipper introduced at the same time. A new fresh air ventilating system with air ducts leading from the grille replaced cowl ventilators. Handbrake control was changed from lever to tee-shaped pull handle. Radiator shutter control of engine temperature was replaced by a blocking type thermostat in the water return fitting in the radiator. Vehicles that were built until February 1942 could be identified as lacking chrome trim starting in January when it was prohibited due to wartime production and trim pieces including bumpers were painted.

Paragraph 11: Cave Johnson Couts was born on November 11, 1821 in Springfield, Tennessee. Much of his education came from his uncle Cave Johnson. His uncle Cave Johnson (1793-1866) was for 14 years a U.S. Congressman from Tennessee and the United States Postmaster General. Cave J. Couts himself became a cadet in West Point Military Academy at 17. He graduated in 1843 and became a second lieutenant of the regiment of Mounted Rifles. He was sent to Fort Jesup in Natchitoches, Louisiana. Then posted to Fort Washita in Durant, Oklahoma called the in Indian Territory then. Then to Fort Gibson departing in 1847. In 1848 he and his men depart to California, arriving on January 9, 1849. The trip across the Sonoran Desert and was very difficult. Couts was the leader of an expedition to the Gila River and was in charge of the Boundary Survey between the United States and Mexico in 1949. Couts set up a post camp at the meeting spot of the Colorado and Gila Rivers. He called the post Camp Calhoun. Along with boundary survey work, he helped with Indian relations and helped '49er emigrants. He was elected as state delegate from San Diego on August 1, 1849, to attend California Constitutional Convention at Monterey in 1849. He set up a refugee camp at the current site of Calexico, California on September 23, 1849 to help those traveling to the California Gold Rush. Couts married Miss Ysidora Bandini (1829-1897) on April 5, 1851. Ysidora was the daughter of Don Juan Bandini of San Diego. Bandini had worked for the Mexican government and was the son of Don Jose Bandini, an admiral in the Spanish Navy. Couts had 10 children. Couts lived on a 2,219 acres Ranch Guajome, near present-day Vista, California. In October 1851 Couts resigned his Army commission and then took an appointed a Colonel in the aide de camp on of Governor John Bigler. At his Ranch Guajome he found that San Diego County soil and climate could grow many types of agriculture crops. Couts was the first in San Diego County to plant vast orchards. After retiring from the Army he lived in old San Diego and became a County Judge. On August 10, 1856 Couts became a special Indian agent for a short time. He checked up on the Indians in San Diego County and wrote of a report on their status to the Honorable Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with suggestions for improvement. At Mission San Luis Rey de Francia area, and Rancho Monserate he became the supervisor of the Indians there. He gave three hundred Indians jobs in construction, building: adobe house, chapel, barns, stables, sheds, corrals and planting flowers, orange and lemon trees.  Couts' ranch did very well and he purchased near by ranches of Rancho Vallecitos de San Marcos in 1866, Rancho Buena Vista in 1866 and La Jolla. At its peak his ranch was 20,000 acres. He lost much with the passage of the no fence law of 1874.  He had to sell much of his livestock at a sacrifice. He died on July 10, 1874 at the home of the Horton's House in San Diego.

Paragraph 12: Narren (Jesters) probably appeared at the same time like demon figures and in various forms. In the Baar region, the "Weißnarr", (white jester), for instance, is common. One of the oldest figures of Fastnacht though are the "Narro" from Villingen, also called the "aristocrat of Alemannic Fastnacht", or the "Hansel" from Donaueschingen, Hüfingen, Immendingen and Bräunlingen. Other jesters with a long tradition are the "Biß" From Rottweil and its pendants. The aforementioned "Weißnarr" is mostly represented by men but some are accompanied by a female companion during parades, who often either don't wear any costume or a plain traditional and regional one. The "Weißnarren's" costume is made of a white linen garment, which is elaborately depainted or embroidered. Compared with the "Weißnarr's" baroque elegance, jesters such as the "Blätzlenarr" or the "Spättlenarr" and "Fleckennarr" may look a bit earthy, an impression which might also be caused by their costume, which is made of old fabric remnants. Due to increasing wealth nowadays though, many costumes are being designed more elaborate. Single pieces of a costumes' fabric, for instance, are blind-stitched manually. Nevertheless, the "Flecklenarren's'" costumes and masques have been  elabouratively refined during baroque and thus a new group of jesters, called "Fransennarren" which are to be found until today in several cities celebrating Svabian-Alemannic Fastnacht, emerged. One example of a "Blätzlenarr" is Der Überlinger Hänsele, which is the carnival figure of the city of "Überlingen".  There is a geographical difference between the Svabian-Alemannic jesters though, hence in some regions the masques are mainly made of cloth whereas they are mainly made of wood in others. A group of jesters called "Spättlehansel" presents a particular rarity within Svabian-Alemannic jesters since their masks are equipped with a moveable mandible. Yet another group of jesters near to the Swiss border called the "Narro-Altfischerzunft" in Laufenburg not only possess south-western Germany's oldest noted masque made of wood, but also had been developing a positively aristocratic self-image over the centuries. Coming from Italy and connected to the Carnival's triumph in the 18th and 19th century, the figure "Bajazzo" emerged and influenced some Svabian-Alemannic figures like e.g. the "Rössle- and Schellenhansele". Due to that, those figures use to carry bells, a pig's bladder or mirrors at parades until today.

Paragraph 13: Elections in Missouri have historically always been rather close, and the Democratic Primary of 2008 proved no exception to that trend as Barack Obama of neighboring Illinois just barely nipped Hillary Rodham Clinton, who has roots in neighboring Arkansas, by fewer than 12,000 votes. The popular vote was so close, however, that both candidates ended up evenly splitting the state's 72 delegates. According to exit polls, 76 percent of voters in the Missouri Democratic Primary were Caucasians and they opted for Clinton by a margin of 57-39 compared to the 17 percent of African Americans who backed Obama by a margin of 84-15. Regarding age, Obama won younger voters under the age of 40 by a margin of 64-32; Clinton won voters ages 40–49 by a margin of 52-47 and tied Obama among voters 50-64, and she won senior citizens ages 65 and over by a margin of 63-32. Pertaining to socioeconomic class, Clinton won extremely poor voters making less than $15,000 a year by a margin of 52-45 while Obama won voters making $15,000-$30,000 by a margin of 55-42. Clinton won middle class voters making $30,000-$50,000 by a margin of 49-48, while Obama won upper middle class and more affluent voters making over $50,000 by a margin of 54-43. As it relates to educational attainment, Clinton won less educated voters (those who did not graduate high school backed her by a margin of 55-42 compared to those who at least graduated high school who went for her 53-44) while Obama won more educated voters (those who had some college and/or an associate degree backed him 52-45; college graduates went for him 64-30, and those who had a postgraduate degree supported him 67-32). Self-identified Democrats, who made up 73 percent of the total turnout in the Democratic Primary, backed Clinton by a margin of 50-47 compared to the 22 percent of Independents who supported Obama by a margin of 67-30 and self-identified Republicans, who comprised 6 percent of the electorate, who supported Obama by a margin of 75-21. Obama won self-identified liberals by a margin of 58-39 and self-identified conservatives by a margin of 58-38 while Clinton won moderates by a margin of 49-48. Regarding religion, Obama won almost all major denominations – other Christians backed him by a margin of 63-33; other religions supported him by a margin of 61-36; and atheists/agnostics went for him by a margin of 51-46. Ironically, Roman Catholics in Missouri also supported Obama by a margin of 50-46; this religious bloc solidly favored Clinton nationwide. Conversely, Clinton won Protestants by a margin of 55-43, again ironic seeing as how most Protestants favored Obama nationwide.

Paragraph 14: Jake Delhomme of the Carolina Panthers took over at quarterback at the start of the third quarter, and hit Steve Smith, with three straight passes. The Carolina Panthers provided the NFC's team with their coaching staff, and with the Panthers' quarterback and wide receiver running the offense, the NFC moved quickly down the field. The drive stalled at midfield, and the NFC punted it away.  After the AFC's drive, led by Chiefs' quarterback Trent Green, ended in a punt, Delhomme once again moved the NFC downfield before being sacked by Casey Hampton, forcing a fumble that was recovered by the AFC's Marcus Stroud. The NFC's defense once again responded, and on the third play of the drive, Derrick Brooks returned an interception 59 yards for a touchdown that gave the NFC the lead at 17–10. After the AFC punted away their next drive, Santana Moss fumbled the ball away in AFC territory. Green led the AFC down the field again, thanks in large part to a 20-yard run by his Chiefs teammate, Larry Johnson. Green tied the game at 17–17 with a one-yard quarterback sneak. Matt Hasselbeck took over for the NFC again, and led the team on a scoring drive, ending with a 22-yard field goal by Rackers that gave the NFC the lead again. Steve McNair came in for a play at AFC quarterback, and promptly fumbled the ball away.  After the NFC punted the ball away, McNair came back and lost another fumble, giving the NFC the ball on their own 18-yard line. Following the fumble, the AFC switched to a shotgun formation. After another Rackers field goal, the AFC took over on their own 26 with 1:10 left. McNair brought the AFC to midfield, but could not get them the touchdown they needed, and the game ended on a sack by the New York Giants' Michael Strahan. Brooks was given the Most Valuable Player award.

Paragraph 15: Biodiesel and its blends in general are known to reduce harmful tailpipe emissions such as: carbon monoxide; particulate matter (PM), otherwise known as soot; and unburned hydrocarbon emissions.  While earlier studies suggested biodiesel could sometimes decrease  and sometimes increase  emissions, subsequent investigation has shown that blends of up to 20% biodiesel in USEPA-approved diesel fuel have no significant impact on  emissions compared with regular diesel. The state of California uses a special formulation of diesel fuel to produce less  relative to diesel fuel used in the other 49 states.  This has been deemed necessary by the California Air Resources Board (CARB) to offset the combination of vehicle congestion, warm temperatures, extensive sunlight, PM, and topography that all contribute to the formation of ozone and smog.  CARB has established a special regulation for Alternative Diesel Fuels to ensure that any new fuels, including biodiesel, coming into the market do not substantially increase  emissions. The reduction of  emissions is one of the most important challenges for advances in vehicle technology. While diesel vehicles sold in the US since 2010 are dramatically cleaner than previous diesel vehicles, urban areas continue to seek more ways to reduce the formation of smog and ozone.  formation during combustion is associated with a number of factors such as combustion temperature.  As such, it can be observed that the vehicle drive cycle, or the load on the engine have more significant impact on  emissions than the type of fuel used.  This may be especially true for modern, clean diesel vehicles that continuously monitor engine operation electronically and actively control engine parameters and exhaust system operations to limit  emission to less than 0.2 g/km.  Low-temperature combustion or LTC technology may help reduce thermal formation of  during combustion, however a tradeoff exists as high temperature combustion produces less PM or soot and results in greater power and fuel efficiency.

Paragraph 16: Pachycephalosaurs were bipedal ornithischians characterized by their thickened skulls. They had a bulky torso with an expanded gut cavity and broad hips, short forelimbs, long legs, a short, thick neck, and a heavy tail. Large orbits and a large optic nerve point to pachycephalosaurs having good vision, and uncharacteristically large olfactory lobes indicate that they had a good sense of smell relative to other dinosaurs. They were fairly small dinosaurs, with most falling in the range of 2–3 meters (6.6-9.8 feet) in length and the largest, Pachycephalosaurus wyomingensis, estimated to measure 4.5 meters (14.8 feet) long and weigh 450 kilograms (990 pounds). The characteristic skull of pachycephalosaurs is a result of the fusion and thickening of the frontals and parietals, accompanied by the closing of the supratemporal fenestra. In some species this takes the form of a raised dome; in others, the skull is flat or wedge-shaped. While the flat-headed pachycephalosaurs are traditionally regarded as distinct species or even families, they may represent juveniles of dome-headed adults.[2][3] All display highly ornamented jugals, squamosals, and postorbitals in the form of blunt horns and nodes. Many species are only known from skull fragments, and a complete pachycephalosaur skeleton is yet to be found.

Paragraph 17: In 1902, at the young age of thirty-five, he was — on the basis of his scholarship and his counseling ability — one of the candidates for replacing the lately deceased Nasi and chief jurist of the rabbinic court at Sana'a, Rabbi Shelomo (Suleiman) Ṣaleh. The heads of the community in Sana'a came together at the synagogue known as Bayt Saleh, which served at that time as the general seat of learning and of halakhic determination, in order to select a replacement. After much deliberation as to how to proceed, it was decided that lots would be cast, the names of the candidates written upon pieces of paper and pooled together, from which only one name would be drawn. The eldest of their Rabbis, the honorable Mori Hayim b. Yosef Qorah, a man then aged eighty, was he that was to draw the lot. The names were placed within the ark bearing the scrolls of the Law (Torah) and the doors were then shut. Mori Hayim Qorah then proceeded to recite one of the Psalms, wherein are to be found the words, "Thou maintainest my lot" (Ps. 16). The entire congregation recited aloud along with him in perfect unison the entire Psalm, while standing upon their feet. Expectations were high and could be seen on the faces of all those gathered in that place. When the Psalm's recital had come to an end, a great silence fell over the congregation. Mori Hayim Qorah put forth his hand into the ark and, with a trembling hand, he withdrew one slip of paper. He then called out to those there gathered, saying: "God's elect is Mori Yihya Yitzhak Halevi." Some began to murmur that perhaps there had been a mistake. The lot was repeated twice, and, again, a third time, with the results showing the same thing. A murmur could then be heard and felt by the people, some saying: Me’eth A-donai  hoyǝtha zoth (This thing has come from the Lord). The lot had fallen to Rabbi Yihya, son of Moshe Yitzhak Halevi. When he perceived what had happened, and that he was elected to head the post of President, he concealed his face within his mantle, refusing to show himself. He later objected adamantly before the assembly who had gathered there, eventually fleeing from their presence. The men who had gathered at that place quickly followed after him until they reached his house. Yet, their pleas and platitudes were of no avail. He would not return with them to take up the office of President of the Court. Neither would the assembly cast lots again, a fourth time, so there remained in the Court at Sana'a only one, a certain Rabbi Ibrahim, the son of R. Sāleh, to adjudicate as judge, seeing that he was singularly qualified to pass judgment by himself. Yet, in matters which required three judges, he was joined by Rabbi Shalom b. Yiḥya Hibshush, the author of Shoshannat Ha-Melekh, and by Rabbi Hayim Hacohen. It was not until after the death of Rabbi b. Yihya Hibshush in the famine of 1905 that Rabbi Yihya Yitzhak Halevi decided to assume the role of leader of Yemen's community.

Paragraph 18: In Canada the struggle for the total ban of alcohol began in the 1898 national referendum, asking people if they wished total prohibition which included importation, manufacturing and sale of all types of alcohol beverages (p. 4). Although the national results were extremely close with Yes leading by 2%, regional disparities were wide (p. 5). In Quebec, 81% of voters ended up rejecting the prohibition proposal in contrast to the rest of Canada (Petkantchin, 2005, p. 8). In fear of splitting the country on a sharp divide between Catholic French and Protestant English Canada, then Prime Minister Wilfrid Laurier decided not to act upon the vote results (Dupré, 2008, p. 5). By 1917, every province except Quebec implemented a complete ban on alcohol. A year later, a law was proposed in Quebec calling for complete prohibition in 1919. The law was never enacted due to opposition from the public and the Catholic Church (Petkantchin, 2005, p. 8). Quebec did prohibit spirits, such as whisky and scotch, which came to be called partial prohibition. The government invoked illegal distillation, but mounting pressure forced it to backtrack. The Alcoholic Beverages Act abolished partial prohibition in 1921. This act created the Quebec Liquor Commission as a monopoly in distribution and retail of alcohol (SAQ, 2009). Officially, the government stated control of alcohol abuse as the official reason to create this new agency (Paradis & Sacy, 2005). Over the years, the SAQ increased its profits, which were transferred to the government. The Régie des alcools du Québec (RAQ) was created in 1961 in order to promote business growth, which opened its first self-service branch soon afterward. With the opening of other branches, the government began to focus on different aspects of alcohol sales in Quebec. “The government commissions a new study into the alcoholic beverage trade, creating the Thinel Commission for the purpose” (SAQ, 2009). Based on the recommendations of the Thinel Commission in 1971, the Société des Alcools du Québec was founded in order to be in charge of sales. The SAQ took over the RAQ branches and employees and became strictly commercial (Petkantchin, 2005, p. 10). The SAQ continued to produce economic growth for the Quebec government as time went on. Its strength in commercialization prompted several privatization projects that were submitted to the government. Specifically in 1983, when it was announced that the SAQ retail network would be privatized, it was strongly opposed by unions. Petkantchin (2005) explains that this privatization project suffered many weaknesses: it involved privatizing “certain points of sale in Montreal” but with no competition allowed from the remaining SAQ stores. Petkantchin argues that “benefits to consumers of this partial privatization, had it gone ahead, would have been very limited.” Consumers would have remained “captive, with no real alternative” (p. 10). Baffling the mind, the remaining SAQ branches would also have been sheltered from competition from the privatized stores, which would have been required to buy their merchandise from the SAQ at fixed prices.

Paragraph 19: At Oak Street, SR 87 and SR 117 turn left at US 23/US 341 Bus./SR 27 Bus., joining another concurrency. Five or six blocks later, the concurrency with SR 117 ends at SR 46 (Fifth Avenue), and turns east, while the one with US 341 Bus./SR 27 Bus. turns west. Most of the rest of SR 87 is concurrent with US 23 throughout Central Georgia. North of a cemetery near the city limits, the name of the street changes from Oak Street to Eastman Cochran Highway, but still remains two lanes wide from that point on, although a recent four-lane divided bypass that could be used for realignment of US 23 can be found between Antioch Church Road and Old Dodge High Road, and a potential new eastbound lane can be found north of Bryan Drive and south of Antioch Dempsey Road. In Gresston, the railroad line returns to the east side of the road after the intersection with Gresston Baptist Road, only to move away again north of Bill Mullis Road, where an apparent former segment of the road named Old Eastman Road also begins. The tracks and the former road running alongside of it almost come close to reuniting with the existing road as US 23/SR 87 enters Empire where a concurrency with SR 257 (Empire-Chester Highway), begins and follows US 23/SR 87 across the Dodge-Bleckley County line. The first intersection in Bleckley County is West Chicken Road, where SR 257 turns west and US 23/SR 87 becomes five lanes with a center turning lane to the Cochran bypass which is two lanes. This segment is also named Golden Isles Highway, a name more associated with US 341. Old Eastman Road ends across from Plover Road, and US 23/SR 87 passes by the Hillside Family Campground before finally encountering the southern terminus of the aforementioned bypass, as well as the business route that they replaced. Both the bypass and the business route in Cochran are two-lanes wide. The bypass curves off to the northeast and has a grade crossing with a railroad line that has been in close proximity to US 23 since west of Hazlehurst, the very line that it crossed near the entry of the Hazlehurst city limits. Later, it curves back to the northwest as it approaches the intersection with SR 126, which includes the Bleckley County High School on the northeast corner, and later with SR 26. The northern end of the US 23 Bus./SR 87 Bus. route for Cochran is also the beginning of the US 129 Alt./SR 112 concurrency. From that point, it becomes a four-lane undivided highway through the rest of the county and for the next . North of the Cochran area, in Royal, SR 112 leaves to the northeast across from Coley Station Road.

Paragraph 20: Once the singing of the Te Deum was concluded, the celebrating archbishop or bishop recited a few verses over the emperor, while the clergy and people present recited the responses. The first exchange was: V. Let your hand be strengthened and your right hand be exalted; R. Let justice and judgment be the foundations of your throne. Those exchanges being finished, the officiating prelate recited two solemn prayers. During those prayers the emperor stood from the throne chair, and the archbishop remained next to him and to his right, at the steps of the throne, looking towards the Altar. The first of those two prayers was the prayer God who gave Moses victory... (Deus qui victrices Moysi...); and the second was the prayer, God, inexplicable author of the world... (Deus, inenarrabilis auctor mundi...). While the first prayer was for the whole people, the second prayer was an additional petition of God's blessings specifically for the newly crowned emperor, and while reciting it twice the presiding prelate produced the sign of the cross towards the monarch as an act of benediction. This prayer for the emperor had the following form of words: Let us pray. God, inexplicable author of the world, creator of the humankind, confirmer of kingdoms, Who from the descendants of Your faithful friend, our Patriarch Abraham, pre-ordained the future King of the centuries to come, may You deign to enrich this illustrious emperor here present, together with his army, with an abundant blessing (here the sign of the cross was made towards the emperor), by the intercession of the blessed ever Virgin Mary, and of all the saints, and unite him in firm stability to the imperial throne; visit him, as you visited Moses in the [burning] bush, Joshua in battle, Gideon in the field and Samuel in the Temple; bestow upon him same blessing (here the sign of the cross was again made towards the emperor) from on high, and the same infusion with the dew of Your wisdom, that the blessed David, in the Plsalter, and Solomon his son, received from Heaven, by Your concession. May You be for him an armour against the enemy hosts, a helmet in adversity, wisdom in prosperity, a perpetual shield of protection. And grant that the peoples remain faithful unto him; his peers maintain peace; love charity, abstain from greed, speak with justice, guard the truth, and thus may this people under his empire grow, united by the blessing of eternity, so that, always in triumph, they remain in peace, and victorious. This may He vouchsafe to grant, Who with You lives and reigns in unity with the Holy Spirit, forever and ever. Amen.

Paragraph 21: The story starts on Valentine's Day. Where everyone is so busy with all the usual rituals couples do. On the other hand. Zach is an attorney at the Public Attorney's Office who always takes his best friend Andie on a date during Valentine's Day for the last 3 years. This has become a usual thing for them during this day. Zach is becoming worried about the real status of the relationship that he and Andie holds. On Valentine's Day while on their date with Andie, Andie introduced Zach to her girl best friend Ruby. Ruby on the other hand, is a brokenhearted girl. She was about to marry her fiance but the guy left him on the same day. Being bored at the bar where she meets Zach, Zach and Ruby decide to go out and they got the chance to talk and learn more about their lives. They decide to come by the house of Ruby's ex-fiance. She got excited with the rock and she throw it at his car. The alarm of the car was turned on immediately. They were in panic that Ruby's shoe was almost lost and so is Zach's sentimental wrist watch. They swore that they will never ever forget each other and maybe they'll see each other again if Ruby dreams of Zach that night. The next day, Andie and Zach spent the whole day together. Clearly states that Zach really loves Andie. Ruby was at Zach's court case to see him. Zach told Ruby that he will be giving up his job at the Public Attorney's Office and will be working at an aw firm after the current case he's handing. The two went on several dates and eventually fall in love and became lovers. Andie was so happy to hear the news that her best friends worked out together but she was kind of upset that Zach doesn't do the usual things they do before he had a girlfriend. Zach comforted her and she eventually got over it. They became close again but Ruby was so insecure about their friendship. One day, Ruby got Zach a wrist watch for his birthday and he was confused on what to do with his two wrist watches. On his surprise birthday party, Ruby heard Zach's grandfather talking to Andie about the sentimental watch she gave him on his last birthday. Ruby approached Zach and she saw that he was not wearing the watch that she gave him. She was so upset and walked out the birthday party. She was followed by Zach. They talked about Zach's real feelings for Andie and he doesn't love her. During a traffic fight, Ruby was caught in the middle and got shot. Zach was sorry because Ruby got hurt and Andie also admitted to Ruby that she was scared that's why she can't show her love to Zach. Valentine's Day was upon them once more. Ruby has already moved on and is dating her ex-fiance. Zach finally admitted his real feelings for Andie and Andie told Zach that "I could tell you over and over how much I love you but I'd rather show it". They share a passionate kiss.

Paragraph 22: The road crosses the Walton-Holmes County Line on the south side of the intersections of Hogan Drive and L.D. Anderson Road (two dirt roads) and enters the Town of Ponce de Leon on the north side. Despite entering the town limits, the surroundings are still rural, even as it becomes a divided highway and comes across a couple of gas stations as it approaches Interstate 10 at Exit 96, which contains a rest area on the southeast corner of that interchange which is accessible from SR 81 rather than I-10 itself.  North of I-10, the road is named Samson Highway. After the divider ends, the road takes a slight curve to the right that ends at a bridge over Mill Creek, then enters "downtown" Ponce de Leon where it meets an at-grade crossing with the CSX P&A Subdivision. After that crossing and the intersections with Maple Loop and Skelton Street, the road curves to the right again over another bridge over Sandy Creek, then turns straight north again. At US 90 SR 81 intersects at an angle, but north of there it has a connecting spur to and from US 90 on the northeast corner, which is the by-product of a former wye. State Road 81 takes a northwest curve at that connecting road, but after leaving the town limits, the road returns to a straight north trajectory.  north of the intersections with Sandy Creek Road and White Road, the route curves to the northeast, eventually entering Prosperity where it intersects CR 181, essentially reuniting with the route it encountered south of the Walton-Holmes County Line. Northwest of this intersection, CR 181 will enter Leonia, and cross back into Walton County before reaching Darlington. Meanwhile, SR 81 curves from northeast to northwest before the intersection with Bradley Road. It maintains this trajectory as it enters the community of Hobbs Crossroads where it meets the western terminus of CR 160, and then approaches what would seem to be the western terminus of State Road 2 (Hog and Hominy Road). Instead, SR 2 follows SR 81 in an obvious concurrency, which then takes a sharper northwestern curve as it approaches the intersection of CR 185 (Petty X Road), a bi-county road spanning from Glendale in Walton County, and Alabama State Route 27. SR 81 continues northwest through some farmland that's briefly interrupted by a culvert over Hurricane Creek, then rises to approach an intersection with two dirt roads, one of which is partially named after the aforementioned creek. Roughly  after that intersection, it turns straight north again before the concurrency with SR 2 ends at the blinker-light intersection of CR 2 and CR 2A in Royal Crossroads, and stays at this trajectory permanently. The road takes one last dip into some low-lying forestland before emerging at some sparse farmland, which includes a small fruit and vegetable store on the southbound side. This farmland ends as State Road 81 approaches a wooded embankment along the east bank of Camp Creek before it finally ends at the Florida-Alabama state line, becoming Alabama State Route 87 in Geneva County, Alabama.

Paragraph 23: Although the Voree area was inhabited by Native Americans prior to the arrival of the first Europeans, the most notable part of its  history begins in 1844, after the death of Joseph Smith Jr., founder of the Latter Day Saint movement. James J. Strang, who had declared himself Smith's successor, established Voree, then within the Wisconsin Territory as a "gathering place" for those Latter Day Saints who chose to follow his leadership rather than that of Brigham Young or other claimants. Strang's followers moved from Nauvoo, Illinois and other places to Voree. Young's followers relocated to the Salt Lake Valley in what would ultimately become the Utah Territory, where they established the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which is now the largest "Mormon" denomination. The Strang, Young, and several other church organizations claimed to be the sole legal continuance and succession leader of Joseph Smith's church, each rejecting all claims to legitimacy by the others.

Paragraph 24: The next day he clashed with Camille Chautemps, Vice-President of the cabinet, upbraiding him for his defeatism and praising the spirit of the French soldiers that he had known during the First World War. He later spoke to Roland de Margerie, Reynaud's Chef de cabinet and raised the matter of several hundred German pilots who were prisoners of the French, asking that they be handed over to the British. However, there was much confusion and telephone communications were difficult even within the city of Bordeaux itself. Spears now had misgivings about Reynaud's determination to stay in the war, if necessary from French North Africa. He was outraged that despite the critical situation, the French Commander in Chief in North Africa was opposed to receiving troops from France. There was insufficient accommodation, no spare weapons, there was a shortage of doctors; moreover the climate was rather warm for young Frenchmen at this season! In Spears' view this was monstrous; why did Reynaud not dismiss the obstructionist general? He asked why the idea of forming a redoubt in Brittany had been dropped and why Reynaud did not dismiss General Weygand for his defeatism. Margerie replied that the people had faith in Weygand and that he also had the support of Pétain. Continuing in the same vein, Spears poured cold water on the notion that America might join the war. Spears and the ambassador sent a telegram to London explaining that everything now hung on an assurance from the US, adding that they would to their utmost to obtain the scuttling of the French fleet. Their final words were, "We have little confidence in anything now." They heard that Marshal Pétain would resign if American help was not forthcoming; Spears concluded that Reynaud would not continue in the face of combined opposition from the Marshal and Weygand. He longed for the presence of Churchill, which would have been 'worth more than millions in gold could buy'.

Paragraph 25: Animus is a deity-like Megazord who was said by Princess Shayla to be the direct ancestor of the Rangers' Wild Force Megazord. Animus is composed of the Black Lion, the Buffalo, the Condor, the Sawshark, and the Leopard Wild Zords. 3,000 years ago, he battled against the original Master Org and was destroyed, but his spirit lingers on. In the modern day while the Rangers were fighting Zen-Aku, he appeared to Zen-Aku and urged him to "remember". He later helps the Rangers again, he does this by eclipsing the full moon that was powering Zen-Aku's curse that temporary restored him to Merrick. Animus' spirit later instructed Princess Shayla to help Merrick get the Deer Zord to help the Rangers fight Tombstone Org. After Tombstone Org's destruction, Animus' spirit appears in the sky as the Rangers thank him. Animus' spirit quotes "You're welcome" and disappears. Animus reappeared later as a human boy named "Kite" and befriended the Rangers. As Kite, he first appeared in a dark spiritual dimension where Kite had the Rangers complete a puzzle to get the Falcon Wild Zord. Unknown to the Rangers at the time, they also released Animus' spirit back to the living world, resurrecting him in the form of Kite who was amnesic. As Kite, the Rangers encountered Animus several times and he helped them, particularly against Flute Org when Kite became Animus again for a short time to destroy the monster's flute and then against Lion Tamer Org when Kite broke the monster's hold on the Wild Zords. After he revealed himself as Animus, he took the Wild Zords away after freeing the Wild Force Megazord from Mandilok's control device, feeling that the Rangers were unworthy of their zords as humanity had done so much damage to the world on their own without the Orgs. He offers Merrick a chance to join with him (because of their friendship 3,000 years ago) but Merrick turned him down. After witnessing how truly committed the Rangers are to defending Earth and fight on even without their Zords, as well as seeing ordinary humans risk themselves to save others, Animus reveals that all of this was part of a test that they passed, and he returns the Wild Zords and gives Cole a powerful motorcycle called Savage Cycle to replace the one Cole lost protecting Kite during an earlier battle. Animus reappeared again during the finale as he faces against the Master Org, Merrick assists him with the Predazord. However, Master Org proved to be stronger and destroyed Animus and the Predazord. Animus reverts to the form of Kite before finally dying. The Zord components of Animus were later seen when the Wild Zords do a combined attack with the Rangers to destroy Master Org.

Paragraph 26: Swim Cap Relay (수영모 릴레이) [Season 68] - A member of each team swim to the other end to retrieve a swim cap underwater, put it on and return first.New X-man Missions'''Dodgeball King X (피구왕X) [Season 1,2,4-8,10-20] - Similar to traditional dodgeball, teams attempt to throw a ball at each other and are eliminated if the ball touches them. If the ball is caught, then an eliminated member may return to play. The game ends when all members of a team are eliminated. From Season 16-20, the rules changed to Touch Dodgeball, where a maximum of five team members play at a time and may switch out with other members by touching them. Catching a ball no longer brings back an eliminated player. There is also a "Safe Zone" in the center of each team's court, where a player will not be eliminated even if they are hit by the ball as long as they are in that circle.Hand Separate, Lips Separate, Together Disagreeing (손따로 입따로 언행불일치) [Season 1,3,7-10] - Each team faces off against MC Yu individually, where they must say a number from one to five, and show a different number of fingers, and continue doing so until someone makes a mistake. The team that wins against MC Yu will win, if both teams win, a special round is played between the two teams.Star Battle Cold-Hearted OX (스타배틀 냉정한OX) [Season 1-20] - A member of each team performs to a panel of seven "cold-hearted" judges, composed of show staff members of varying age and gender, who judge based on their personal preference. The individual with the highest score's team will win. If both teams have a member with the same highest score, the team with the most highest score's will win.Rookie Battle Cold-Hearted OX (신인배틀 냉정한OX) [Season 10] - Same as Star Battle Cold-Hearted OX, except featuring the rookies of that season and they are judged by their seniors from the opposite team. This mission was incorporated into Star Battle Cold-Hearted OX in future seasons.The Stairs of Possibility (설마의 계단) [Season 2-4] - A deciding discussion mission to determine who is most likely to be the X-man. MC Yu asks questions relating to that seasons topic. If a challenger believes they personally agree to that question, they step up the Stairs of Possibility. At the end of the questions, whoever is standing on the top of the Stairs of Possibility is a strong X-man candidate.Don't Ask Envelopes (묻지마 봉투) [Season 5,6] - A suspicion discussion mission to determine who is more likely to be the X-man. Challengers write questions to the final X-man candidates prior to this mission and are hidden in discreet envelopes. The final X-man candidates choose an envelope and answers the question, which may help the team leader decide who is most likely to be the X-man.Challenge! 3.3.3! Three Worded Poems (도전! 3.3.3! 삼행시) [Season 8-13,15-19] - A game where two members face off using the opponents name as the first "word" in the three phrases to "attack" each other. A member loses if they are unable to come up with a phrase using the name or are GGed by their opponent.Wrestling King X (씨름왕X) [Season 14] - A special Lunar New Year mission where members wrestle each other in traditional Korean wrestling, ssireum. This mission is divided into three groups: females, "young boys" and "old boys". Only the "old boys" division plays with a cloth wrapped around both members waist and must pull it in their favor to make the opponent fall.

Paragraph 27: A determined high school girl who was inspired by Arata in elementary school to play karuta and to dream of becoming the "Queen" of karuta. She begins a karuta club at her high school with Taichi. She is first introduced to competitive karuta by her childhood friend, Arata. Karuta has remained as Chihaya's passion despite being separated from Arata. She has an exceptional hearing ability that gives her an advantage in playing karuta. While she is beautiful, she is considered too weird, her classmates referring to her as a "beauty in vain". She is crazy about karuta (her friends calls her "karuta baka"), to the point that she can be oblivious to other people's feelings. Chihaya is the captain of Mizusawa Karuta Club. She works very hard at improving her karuta skills, and reaches Class A near the beginning of the series. She is a strong, passionate person who loves karuta and is dedicated to her teammates and friends. Chihaya shares a strong bond of trust and friendship with Taichi and appreciates his skill in leading the club, though oblivious towards his feelings for her. Eventually both Arata and Taichi confess that they have feelings for her and though she admitted to herself rather ardently that she will “always love Karuta and Arata” she does yet know how she feels for Taichi. However, she rejects Taichi’s confession saying “gomen” (sorry) and he decides to quit the Karuta club. This leaves a massive hole in both their dynamics as team (they are missing a president) and in Chihaya’s heart. She feels immense guilt for unintentionally hurting him which forces her to almost quit Kaurta. However she powers through without him leading to the high-school tournament. There she finally plays the match with Arata and she wins against him. Thereby her initial goal of being someone worthy to “sit in front of Arata” before she can be with him is no longer an obstacle. Sometime before the Meijin and Queen matches, Chihaya finally responds to Arata’s confession. She tells him that she is currently focusing on being queen. He is understanding and tells her he will “try again” once he reaches Tokyo. However, during the Queen match Chihaya has some very powerful revelations about her feelings towards Taichi (who is currently avoiding watching Chihaya and Arata play). However, though it was subtly building up, like Chihaya hallucinating Taichi at omi shrine, it is not until the “Su” card is read that Chihauya finally verbalizes that Taichi has “always been there” - the person who was working hard beside her. Chihaya finally wins the title of Queen alongside Arata. However, she does not confess to either of them at that moment. It is not until arrives spring that Chihaya returns to the clubroom and confesses her feelings towards Taichi- in a simple but poignant way. In chapter 247, the final chapter of Chihayafuru, Chihaya and Taichi have started dating.

Paragraph 28: St Hubert's chapel or church is in the far north of the civil parish, Idsworth. It was built in 1053 and was originally dedicated to St. Peter and St. Paul. It is a Grade I listed building, listed on 16 March 1954. The chapel contains examples of medieval paintings from around 1300 which include paintings around the altar window of St Peter, St Paul, and two angels. On the north wall there is a painting of St. Hubert and St John the Baptist. The narthex contains an octagonal stone font and above it is a gallery which contains the church organ.

Paragraph 29: "Runaway" is set in common time with moderately slow groove tempo and a metronome of 92 beats per minute, and it is set in the key of C major. The track follows in the chord progression of B♭/C–C–B♭/C-C throughout. Musically, it is a pop and dance song which draws influences of Middle Eastern music. According to Spins Chris Norris, the song begins with "church bells, synthetic gamelan, bubbling water, sitars" as well as Jackson's "little girl giggle, which soon overtakes the mix." Billboards Larry Flick wrote that it has a "gigglin' performance" by Jackson and "silken 'ooh-sha-sha' harmonies"; he also said that Jam and Lewis "snap the song's playful elements into a cohesive package with a taut funk bassline and a Supremes-styled pop backbeat." For Music Week magazine, the track also "cleveriy mixes the flavour of a vintage Prince track with Jackson's own inimitable style, fitting snugly alongside Ihe Prince-influenced sound of the likes of TLC." For their part, Freaky Trigger website observed that "this is one of the few songs Janet has recorded that panders to her gossamer-thin voice; any more muscle on the verses or chorus would turn the shimmer into an insufferable bludgeoning mess." Reviewers also noted similarities between the song and Jackson's past single "Escapade" (1990).

Paragraph 30: Maxillae, premaxillae, palatines, and a vomer along with large skull fragments from Pavāri have been identified as Ventastega. The maxilla is long and low, and unlike some fish, the posterior third of the maxilla is the lowest part of the bone. The teeth on the maxilla are approximately equal in size to each other, except for teeth in the posterior part where they shrink in size. The presence of a coronoid fangs in Ventastega is a primitive feature lost in Ichthyostega, Acanthostega, and likely Tulerpeton, indicating that Ventastega was more basal on a phylogeny in comparison other tetrapods. The posterolateral margin of the choana has a smooth area, which is evidence of a loose and ligamentous contact between the maxilla and premaxilla. The premaxilla itself is morphologically similar to premaxillas in Acanthostega, Ichthyostega, and Tulerpeton. The region of maximum curvature along the premaxilla is approximately halfway along the bone, suggesting that Ventastega had a broad and spade-shaped snout. Seventeen teeth are in each premaxilla, with the teeth increasing in size moving from the tip of the snout to the region of maximum curvature. A partial Ventastega cheekplate consisting of the jugal, and parts of the lacrimal, quadratojugal, squamosal, and preopercular is convex in the vertical plane, indicating that Ventastega's skull was low in height. The preopercular in this specimen and several other partial skull fragments is a primitive tetrapod character, otherwise seen only in Ichthyostega, Acanthostega, and Crassigyrinus. The cephalic lateral lines in Ventastega have an intermediate morphology with the lines only being partially enclosed, between the primitive state of full enclosure of the lines in fish and Ichthyostega, and the fully open lines seen in Temnospondyls and other derived tetrapods. The ventral surface of the Ventastega pterygoid is covered is covered in denticles, a feature shared by all early tetrapods except Ichthyostega. Ventastega has a large spiracular notch, larger than seen in any known Devonian tetrapods. The increase in spiracular notch size in Devonian tetrapods has been hypothesized to indicate an increased reliance on air breathing.