Paragraph 1: Philly Shell or Shoulder Roll — this is actually a variation of the cross-arm. The lead arm (left for an orthodox fighter and right for a southpaw) is placed across the torso usually somewhere in between the belly button and chest and the lead hand rests on the opposite side of the fighter's torso. The back hand is placed on the side of the face (right side for orthodox fighters and left side for southpaws). The lead shoulder is brought in tight against the side of the face (left side for orthodox fighters and right side for southpaws). This style is used by fighters who like to counterpunch. To execute this guard a fighter must be very athletic and experienced. This style is so effective for counterpunching because it allows fighters to slip punches by rotating and dipping their upper body and causing blows to glance off the fighter. After the punch glances off, the fighter's back hand is in perfect position to hit their out‐of‐position opponent. The shoulder lean is used in this stance. To execute the shoulder lean a fighter rotates and ducks (to the right for orthodox fighters and to the left for southpaws) when their opponents punch is coming towards them and then rotates back towards their opponent while their opponent is bringing their hand back. The fighter will throw a punch with their back hand as they are rotating towards their undefended opponent. The weakness to this style is that when a fighter is stationary and not rotating they are open to be hit so a fighter must be athletic and well conditioned to effectively execute this style. To beat this style, fighters like to jab their opponents shoulder causing the shoulder and arm to be in pain and to demobilize that arm. But if mastered and perfected it is an effective way to play defense in the sport of boxing.

Paragraph 2: Bleach (stylized in all caps) is a Japanese anime television series based on Tite Kubo's original manga series of the same name. It was produced by Studio Pierrot and directed by Noriyuki Abe. The series aired on TV Tokyo from October 2004 to March 2012, spanning 366 episodes. The story follows the adventures of Ichigo Kurosaki after he obtains the powers of a Soul Reaper—a death personification similar to the Grim Reaper—from another Soul Reaper, Rukia Kuchiki. His newfound powers force him to take on the duties of defending humans from evil spirits and guiding departed souls to the afterlife. In addition to adapting the manga series it is based on, the anime periodically includes original self-contained storylines and characters not found in the manga.

Paragraph 3: Left Ohio for Lexington, Ky., August 25. March to relief of General Nelson August 29 – September 1. Action at Richmond August 30. Kentucky River August 31. Lexington September 2. Pursuit of Bragg to Crab Orchard. Ky., October 3–15. Battle of Perryville, Ky., October 8. March to Nashville, Tenn., October 16 – November 7. Action at Mitchellsville November 5. Duty at Nashville, Tenn., until March 1863. Escort ammunition trains to Stones River December 28–30, 1862. Moved to Brentwood, Tenn., March 1863, and duty there until June 5. Moved to Murfreesboro, Tenn., and duty there until July 16. Garrison duty at Nashville, Tenn., until August 20. March to Bridgeport, Ala., via Franklin, Columbia, Athens and Huntsville. August 20 – September 14. Battle of Chickamauga, September 19–21. Duty in Lookout Valley until November 6. (Temporarily attached to 3rd Brigade, 2nd Division, XI Corps.) At Chickamauga Creek until November 24. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 24–27. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 25. Pursuit to Graysville November 26–27. March to relief of Knoxville, Tenn., November 28 – December 18. At North Chickamauga and McAffee's Church, Ga., until May 1864. Demonstration on Dalton February 22–27. Tunnel Hill, Buzzard's Roost Gap and Rocky Faced Ridge February 23–25. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Tunnel Hill May 6–7. Demonstration on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Buzzard's Roost Gap May 8–9. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Rome May 17–18. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25 – June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10 – July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruff's Station, Smyrna Camp Ground, July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22 – August 25. Utoy Creek August 5–7. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31 – September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29 – November 3. March to the sea November 15 – December 10. Louisville November 30. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Taylor's Hole Creek, Averasboro, N. C., March 16. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D. C, via Richmond, Va., April 29 – May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24.

Paragraph 4: The Hyderabad began their campaign on a winning note defeating the Madhya Pradesh by seven wickets. The Hyderabadi bowlers took regular wickets to bowl-out Madhya Pradesh to 231 while measured half-centuries from Tanmay Agarwal and Rohit Rayudu completed the chase for the Hyderabad with seven wickets and 14 balls to spare. In the second match, Nitish Rana's unbeaten knock of 91 in 87 balls helped the Delhi chase the revised target of 176 in 30.4 overs in a rain-hit match to hand the Hyderabad their first defeat in the tournament. Earlier, it was Manan Sharma who troubled the Hyderabad batsmen in the middle with his four-wicket haul until Mohammad Siraj's cameo at the end with a couple of sixes that helped the Hyderabad to recover to 205. In another rain-affected reduced-over match, the Saurashtra successfully chased the revised target of 110 in 19 overs with the combined batting effort from Robin Uthappa, Aarpit Vasavada and Prerak Mankad. Earlier, the Hyderabad recovered in the middle from the top-order collapse with 95-run partnership between Kolla Sumanth and Bavanaka Sandeep but could not capitalize on that partnership as the Hyderabad suffered from another collapse at the end and were restricted to 196 in 45 overs. The Hyderabad's match against the Andhra, their fourth match of the tournament, was washed off due to the incessant rains in Delhi. In the fifth match, Mehdi Hasan's maiden fifer helped the Hyderabad bowl out the Uttar Pradesh for 130 despite their skipper, Suresh Raina's half-century while the opening partnership of 124 between Akshath and Tanmay handed the Hyderabad a 9-wicket win over the Uttar Pradesh. Chasing 223 to win, the Chhattisgarh were bowled out to 121 with Palakodeti Sairam and Mehdi sharing three wickets between them as the Hyderabad secured their third win in six matches. Earlier, Rohit's half-century along with the support from Sandeep's 41 helped the Hyderabad post 222 in 50 overs. Siraj missed the rest of the group matches for the Hyderabad as he was selected to the national team for the test series against the West Indies. In the seventh match, two-wicket hauls along with the tight bowling from Sairam and Ravi Kiran helped the Hyderabad restrict the Kerala to 189 despite the half-century from VA Jagadeesh while an unbeaten century partnership between Rohit and Sandeep completed the chase for the Hyderabad with seven wickets to spare. The Hyderabad survived the scare in their last group match defeating the Odisha narrowly by one wicket but still need the favorable results on the last day to qualify for the knockout stage. Chasing 248 to win, the Hyderabad enjoyed the strong start with the half-centuries from their openers, Tanmay and Akshath but their dismissals triggered the batting collapsed until an unbeaten 43-run knock from Sumanth completed the chase despite the flurry of wickets at the other end. Earlier, the Odisha had a strong start too with the century partnership between Govinda Poddar and Subhranshu Senapati but the six-wicket haul from Milind helped the Hyderabad restrict the Odisha to 247. The defeat of the Baroda to the Maharashtra in the Group A helped the Hyderabad advance to the knockout stage as they finished third in the Group B and fifth across the groups A & B with five wins, two losses and a draw.

Paragraph 5: Indira Gandhi was assassinated in 1984, and in 1985, a sympathy wave let the Congress sail through in the elections. But in 1989, which could be called a Shekhawat wave, the BJP-JD alliance won all 25 Lok Sabha seats and 140 of 200 seats in the assembly. Shekhawat became the Chief Minister for the second term. Though Janta Dal took back its support to the Shekhawat government, Shekhawat tore apart the JD and continued to rule as the Chief Minister thus earning the title of master manipulator. After the Babri Mosque demolition in Ayodhya, Shekhawat government was suspended by the P.M., P.V.Narasimha Rao and President's rule was enforced in Rajasthan. Election took place in 1993 in which his party won even after the breaking of its alliance with the Janta Dal. But the then Governor Bali Ram Bhagat didn't allow Shekhawat to form the government, but after immense pressure from Shekhawat, who reached the majority point after supports from independents like Sardar Gurjant Singh, Rani Narendra Kanwar, Sujan Singh Yadav, Rohitashva Kumar Sharma, Kr. Arun Singh, Sundar Lal etc. crossed the majority line of 101 seats in the assembly. Shekhawat became the Chief Minister for the third term. This time he ran a successful third term. This was perhaps the diamond phase for Rajasthan as it led to all-round development and Rajasthan also gained identity on the globe as a rapidly developing and beautiful state. Shekhawat introduced Heritage, Desert, Rural, Wildlife tourism to Rajasthan in 1998 elections, the BJP lost heavily due to the onion price rise issue. Ashok Gehlot ran a 5-year government. But he lost the Lok Sabha elections in 1999, only 6 months after its victory in the assembly elections. Shekhawat became the Vice-President of India in 2002 so he had to leave Rajasthan politics and the BJP. He appointed Vasundhara Raje as his successor. She led the BJP in 2003 elections and led it to a victory. She was the Chief Minister of Rajasthan from 2003 - 2008. Narpat Singh Rajvi was the Health Minister, Ghanshyam Tiwari was the Food Minister, Digamber Singh was Industries Minister and Gulab Chand Kataria was the Home Minister. The BJP won the 2004 Lok Sabha elections from here as well. But the tables turned in December 2008, when the infighting within the BJP, Raje's perceived autocratic and despotic rule, and the police excesses in the Gurjar-Meena agitation combined to overcome the incumbent Raje government's development and growth planks, and the Congress emerged victorious with the support of some independent MLA's. Ashok Gehlot was sworn-in as the new Chief Minister of Rajasthan. In 2013 Bharatiya Janata Party won by very large difference. BJP got 163 seats and Congress got only 21 seats out of 200 seats. Vasundhara Raje became the Chief Minister for second time. But in 2018 Indian National Congress flipped the state again with a big majority and Ashok Gehlot became the Chief Minister for the third time.

Paragraph 6: This programme was started by HKI in 1990 to monitor the health impact of severe flooding in Bangladesh. It is a collaborative effort which involves the Government of Bangladesh (GOB), international and local Non-Governmental Organisations (NGO). The programme essentially provides up-to-date and dependable information on the prevalence of malnutrition and morbidity in children, household socioeconomic characteristics and food prices. Data are collected by authorities in selected rural districts and urban slums in the country. The NSP data have also been used by the GOB to improve or develop nutrition and health programmes such as the national vitamin A capsule distribution program. NSP has proven to be an excellent tool to aid long-term planning in health policies, to provide input for programme management and evaluation and to give timely warning of the need for intervention to prevent critical deterioration in food consumption.

Paragraph 7: In terms of film production, Turkey shared the same fate with many of the national cinemas of the 20th century. Film production wasn't continuous until around the 1950s and the film market in general was run by a few major import companies that struggled for domination in the most population-dense and profitable cities such as Istanbul and İzmir. Film theatres rarely ever screened any locally produced films and the majority of the programs consisted of films of the stronger western film industries, especially those of the United States, France, Italy and Germany. Attempts at film production came primarily from multinational studios, which could rely on their comprehensive distribution networks together with their own theatre chains, thus guaranteeing them a return on their investment. Between the years 1896–1945, the number of locally produced films did not even reach 50 films in total, equal to less than a single year's annual film production in the 1950s and 1960s. Domestically produced films constituted only a small fraction of the total number of films screened in Turkey prior to the 1950s.

Paragraph 8: Returning to Trinidad, Roach scored two fifties in three first-class matches in 1929. In 1930 the MCC undertook a tour of the West Indies which included four Test matches—the first Tests to be played in the West Indies. The MCC side was not at full international strength; it included players who were either just beginning or just ending their international careers, and several star English bowlers were missing. Roach played in the first Test and, opening the batting, scored 122 in the first innings, the first Test century for West Indies and Roach's maiden century in first-class cricket. He hit the English bowler Wilfred Rhodes for successive fours to reach three figures. In his second innings, he scored 77 runs and the match was drawn. After the Test, Roach played twice for Trinidad against the MCC team without much success. When he failed to score in either innings of the second Test, played in Trinidad, he had scored just 24 runs in his last six innings. Disappointed with his form, he intended to miss the next Test, but the selectors picked him anyway, and he scored 209, the first double-century for the West Indies in Test matches. He shared partnerships of 144 for the first wicket with Errol Hunte, and 192 with George Headley for the second wicket. His second hundred runs were scored in 74 minutes. In his history of West Indies cricket, Michael Manley describes Roach's innings as "dashing" but containing an element of luck which contrasted with the safe play of Headley. West Indies eventually won the match comfortably to record their first win in Test matches. Roach did little during the final Test, but finished the series with 467 runs at 58.37, placing him third in the team batting averages. Only Roach and Headley from the home team played in every Test match. Inter-island politics meant that selectors tended to pick players from the island hosting the Test. In the series, 29 players represented the West Indies and the team had a different captain in each match.

Paragraph 9: Cetto La Qualunque: is the character perfectly managed the madness of mayors and politicians of Italy of today. Even the same last name "La Qualunque" (The Whatever) has a role in the creation of the character of the corrupt politician who thinks only to cultivate his interests in the small town of Marina di Sopra in Calabria. He has links with the Mafia and responds rudely to anyone in the country try to contradict him.Cetto is a cruel man, although in a manner not dictatorial. He is also extremely racist, homophobic and ignorant towards the general culture and of any human right. In this film he is fortunately taken away to prison by the Undersecretary of the Prime Minister and placed as a deputy in the Parliament House. However, he in prison, because it was very famous as a corrupt man, was treated with the highest honors and services, in spite of all the other prisoners, but that does not make much difference Cetto. In the film Cetto, sicro known as a man of himself, begins to have problems. In fact, his ignorance and his cruelty racist repentagli are made by mistake when he has sex with a transsexual, sent to him by the Secretary, a man far more corrupt and pervert him. Cetto has never thought that a man so perfectly womanizer like he may have made a mistake so scary in having homosexual relations. From this point he has a crisis and starts to go by the psychologist, continuing alway to reproach his mistake which can never forgive himself. There is a scene in which he tries to cut even the hand that touched on that fateful male phallus. After a dream scabrosos and detector, Cetto he tells the psychologist who, with a lot of freedom and emancipation, the confirmation that Cetto could simply be homosexual. Cetto this statement goes crazy and starts screaming in terror, losing control of himself. The psychologist, understanding the extreme ignorance of his patient, looks full of compassion. In fact at the beginning of the sessions Cetto had even exchanged the image of Sigmund Freud to the grandfather of the woman! When comes Pino, the faithful friend of Cetto, he is still screaming in fear. When he finds out the answer of the psychologist, he begins to scream in fear too, pointing his gun against the woman, who looks both with great piety. At the end of the film fortunately Cetto be able to forget the traumatic experience with homosexuality in general and having fun in bed with his prostitutes from all over the world.

Paragraph 10: By the beginning of the 20th century, Lipka Tatars had become so integrated into Polish society that they joined their Roman Catholic brethren in the mass migrations for the United States that gave rise to American Polonia, even founding their own mosque in Brooklyn, New York, which is still in use today.  In 1919, at the outbreak of the Polish–Soviet War, two of the Tatar officers serving with the Polish Army Col. Maciej Bajraszewski and Capt. Dawid Janowicz-Czaiński started forming a Tatar cavalry regiment fighting alongside the Polish Army. This unit transformed into a squadron after the war, continued the traditions of Tatar military formations of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and became one of the most notable achievements of the Polish Tatar community in the 20th century. With the restoration of Polish independence, the Tatar community of Poland numbered around 6,000 people (according to the 1931 national census), mostly inhabiting the regions of Wilno, Nowogródek and Białystok Voivodeships. A large community of the Lipka Tatars remained outside of Polish borders, mostly in Lithuania and Belarus (especially in Minsk, the capital of the Belarusian SSR). Although small, the Tatar community formed one of the most vibrant national minorities of Poland. The Muslim Religious Association (est. 1917) focused on preserving the Muslim faith and religious beliefs. At the same time the Cultural and Educational Association of Polish Tatars worked on the preservation and strengthening of Tatar culture and traditions. In 1929 a Tatar National Museum was created in Wilno and in 1931 a Tatar National Archive was formed. All the Muslim people drafted into the army were sent to the Tatar Cavalry Squadron of the 13th Cavalry Regiment, which was allowed to use its own uniforms and banners. The Army Oath for Muslim soldiers was different from the one taken from soldiers of other denominations and was sworn in presence of Ali Ismail Woronowicz, the Chief Imam of the Polish Army.

Paragraph 11: The term pollen source is often used in the context of beekeeping and refers to flowering plants as a source of pollen for bees or other insects. Bees collect pollen as a protein source to raise their brood. For the plant, the pollinizer, this can be an important mechanism for sexual reproduction, as the pollinator distributes its pollen. Few flowering plants self-pollinate; some can provide their own pollen (self fertile), but require a pollinator to move the pollen; others are dependent on cross pollination from a genetically different source of viable pollen, through the activity of pollinators.  One of the possible pollinators to assist in cross-pollination are honeybees. The article below is mainly about the pollen source from a beekeeping perspective.

Paragraph 12: Trenton Webb reviewed The Planewalker's Handbook for Arcane magazine, rating it a 9 out of 10 overall. He quoted the song "it ain't what you do but the way that you do it... that's what gets results!" and noted "It's one of life's great quirks that trashy lines often contain valuable nuggets of philosophy. The lyrics of Fun Boy Three/Bananarama's hit is a case in point, because it encompasses the core ethic of The Planewalker's Handbook, A practical guide for players in the multiverse, it aims to teach both planars and primes that the secret of survival 'ain't who you are, it's what you know'." Webb continued: "And while The Planewalker's Handbook doesn't actually contain that much new information, the 'old' information it contains is clearly presented, logically ordered and well explained. Pulling facts from many different Planescape sources, the Walker's guide works perfectly as a beginner's introduction to the Planes. Yet the encyclopedic range of topics it deals with means that even old-hands will find there are some facts they didn't know and a few that they plain misunderstood the first time round." He added: "What makes The Planewalker's Handbook, truly great, though, is the fact that it lies to you. [...] On the jacket it claims to be a survival guide. And while to a lesser extent this is true, its real aim is to keep you alive just long enough to die somewhere really interesting. Players are fairly and squarely warned against the kind of innocent (but stupid) actions that will get them killed within seconds of arrival in Sigil. But this guide is so crammed with juicy hints about what the weirder Planes hold that beginners and experienced players alike will not be able to resist leaping headlong into even greater peril in an even more inhospitable place." Webb commented that "Codifying the sprawling worlds, peoples and powers of the Planescape multiverse is no mean feat. Essentially a Player's Guide, TPH'''s sense of style, graphic wit and Planescape's own brand of mind-bending lunacy means that, even if you know most of the facts it contains, the book remains massively readable. Written with precision, it progresses from the basic 'what are the planes and how to travel between them', through the factions of Sigil, to Planewalker kits and the kit they carry. So that by the time you get to the new 'Power of Belief' you're fully prepped and eager to tackle some of the fearsome mysteries of the system." He stated that "If your group is playing a Planescape campaign this is an essential purchase. If you're a referee thinking of trying a new system, buy this before the boxed set to get a real feel of just how wonderfully bizarre multiplanar adventures can be. In fact the only people who shouldn't consider getting hold of The Planewalkers Handbook are roleplaying virgins, and that's simply because Planescape is such a fast and loose system that a certain foundation of 'normal terrestrial adventures' help to keep the whole thing in perspective." Webb concluded the review by saying that "Because, as Kenny Rodgers once said, 'you've got to know when to walk away and know when to hide,' and that's the fun of Planescape - and it's what The Planewalker's Handbook aims to hammer home to berks before it's too late!"

Paragraph 13: Nikolai (seasons 4–7) (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) is a young anthropomorphic goat who was trained by the KGB as a ruthless spy, and who later sent him to work for the Russian organization M.O.M.M. (Ministry of Meadow Management), a KGB agency that struggled to find out what made American parks up to date and wealthy. To fix Russia's outdated parks, M.O.M.M. sent out Nikolai on a covert operation to obtain the park and bring it back to Russia. During his undercover mission, he changed his identity to "Thomas" and presented himself as an intern for credits in college in "Exit 9B" (in which he made his debut), working as an unpaid intern who calls his "mom" on a regular basis and is often reproved by his coworkers, most notably by Muscle Man. He is usually reluctant to be involved in the surreal and chaotic adventures that arise in The Park, often asking if he has to be part of the situation, to which they insist that he must. There are times when Nikolai becomes personally invested in maintaining his cover, such as using a robot to pose as his "mom" in "The Thanksgiving Special", and wearing spy attire disguised as a Halloween costume (a slice of pizza, which he had to wear until Thanksgiving Day upon losing a bet in "Terror Tales of the Park III"). When the other Russian spies that were deployed with him carry out the final phase of the plan to bring The Park to Russia in "The Real Thomas", he finally reveals his true identity to the park crew and explains why he is really there. When Nikolai learns the plan is really to destroy the Park through a loophole in Russian/American relations, he turns on his fellow spies for being lied to (along with some persuasion by the park crew to remind him of the good times they had as friends, despite the constant poor treatment he received from them for being an intern), and returns the Park to American soil before going on the run from both sides. He makes several cameos after this, usually in some sort of disguise. Eventually, he returns in "Guys Night 2," revealing himself to be tired of his old life as a spy and wanting to move on to a new life. He feels his only option is to go into hiding forever, but first he enjoys one final hang with the park crew. He made non-speaking cameos in later episodes. In “Rigby's Graduation Special”, he makes a brief cameo by proposing a toast to the park dome taking off into space while in his submarine.

Paragraph 14: A debtor borrows $10,000 from a car dealership to purchase an automobile, using the automobile itself as collateral for the loan (in other words the dealership retains a right to repossess the automobile in the event the debtor defaults on the loan). The dealership makes this loan using an authenticated security agreement – a signed agreement giving the dealership the secured right to repossess the car in the event of default of the debtor. The debtor also has two unsecured creditors who have made loans of $1000 each to the debtor. Neither of these creditors has a security agreement – their only method of recovering their money in the event that the debtor defaults on the loan is through the judicial system, whereas the secured creditor can simply repossess the car at his option (This is called self-help repossession and is completely legal provided the secured creditor does not breach the peace in doing so). The debtor is in debt $10K to the secured creditor and $2000 to the unsecured creditors. Assume the debtor defaults and his only asset is the automobile. The dealership can repossess the auto and sell it to satisfy its debt.  Two things can happen here: 1) The dealership sells the collateral (car) for more than the amount of the debt (let's say $15K). In this case, the debtor would receive the excess $5K (surplus) which he would use to satisfy the debts of his unsecured creditors (and then would have $3K left over). 2) The dealership repossess the car and sells it for less than the amount of the debt, let's say $9K (more likely scenario). In this case, the secured creditor dealership keeps the $9K, and the remaining $1K (deficiency) that the dealership is owed becomes unsecured – it is on the same level of priority as the other two unsecured loans. Those three unsecured claims of $1K each will be paid off equally. Thus, if the debtor has $1500 to satisfy its debts – each unsecured creditor would get $500 (1/3 of amount each). The remaining debt will probably never be repaid because, in cases such as these with the debtor having multiple loans on default, the debtor has most likely filed for Ch. 7 Bankruptcy.

Paragraph 15: To separate nucleic acids by TGGE, the following steps must be performed: preparing and pouring the gels, electrophoresis, staining, and elution of DNA. Because a buffered system must be chosen, it is important that the system remain stable within the context of increasing temperature. Thus, urea is typically utilized for gel preparation; however, researchers need to be aware that the amount of urea used will affect the overall temperature required to separate the DNA. The gel is loaded, the sample is placed on the gel according to the type of gel that is being run—i.e. parallel or perpendicular—the voltage is adjusted and the sample can be left to run. Depending on which type of TGGE is to be run, either perpendicular or parallel, varying amounts of sample need to be prepared and loaded. A larger amount of one sample is used with perpendicular, while a smaller amount of many samples are used with parallel TGGE. Once the gel has been run, the gel must be stained to visualize the results.  While there are a number of stains that can be used for this purpose, silver staining has proven to be the most effective tool. The DNA can be eluted from the silver stain for further analysis through PCR amplification.

Paragraph 16: In 2010, following Brendan Fevola's departure, Houlihan became Carlton's longest serving player. He had a series of excellent performances playing as a defensive forward in 2010, in which he was given the task of negating the influence of the opposition's key running defender, while using his skills to kick and set up goals. These included Simon Goodwin, who he kept to a season low 4 kicks and 16 possessions, while kicking 3 goals; Corey Enright, who he kept to 16 possessions, while kicking 2 goals and Sam Fisher, who he restricted to just 6 possessions- a season low. He kicked a career high 4 goals in the Round 11 victory over Melbourne. Unfortunately hamstring and knee injuries restricted him to just 13 games and he did not play any matches after Round 15, eventually requiring season ending surgery to his knee, after an unsuccessful attempt to come back. He kicked 15 goals and just 4 behinds for the year- a little over a goal per game and No. 1 at the club for accuracy (of those who had kicked 10 goals or more), an indication of his elite finishing skills in front of goal (as described by Champion Data). As well as kicking goals directly, he was also second at the club for goal assists per game. He finished a creditable 12th in the Best and Fairest, despite having missed 10 games. He would have made the top 10 on average votes per game. His excellent early season form prior to the first of his injuries had seen him in third place after seven rounds and in the top 10 when his season ended prematurely. Since finishing fourth in the 2007 Best and Fairest he had two seasons significantly affected by injury and missed the top 10 by one vote in the other.

Paragraph 17: Jonathan Keefe of Slant Magazine gave Heaven, Heartache and the Power of Love four and a half out of five stars, noticing that she has "never sounded better" with the release of the album. Keefe also mentioned that the album should receive recognition from country radio because "more than half" of the album's songs could be used as radio singles: "Hopefully, Big Machine will make better choices in that regard than MCA did, because if country radio has any sense left at all, Heaven, Heartache, and the Power of Love should allow Yearwood to return to the top of the charts. It's a career-best effort from one of the genre's all-time greatest vocalists and a testament to the vitality, intelligence, and soulfulness of modern country's best music." The 9513's Jim Malec gave the release five out of five stars, calling the album in general "breathtaking". Malec noted that the difference between a "good album" and a "great" comes because the choice of material, saying that Yearwood recorded a "great album": "The difference between a good album and a great album always–always–comes down to songs and song selection. And while Yearwood has long since proven herself a superb vocalist, her albums have, on occasion, tapped into a fair bit of par-for-the-coursematerial. That is not a problem here."Heaven, Heartache and the Power of Love received four and a half out of five stars from Thom Jurek at Allmusic. Jurek mentioned in the conclusion of his review that the album went beyond expectations for a country album to go, stating "The bottom line is this: Heaven, Heartache and the Power of Love is, without a shadow of a doubt, the finest, most consistent and deeply moving (not to mention fun) record she has ever cut. It carries the mark of a bona fide artist who understands herself well enough to know that a great song is not only communicable but is communication itself to the listener.This time out, Yearwood is in a class by herself, and if country radio/video/television get involved at all, she'll hit it out of the park. It's better than good, it's beyond expectation -- and it was high after Jasper County -- it's the best example of what a popular record -- not just a country one -- should aspire to be, period." At the 51st Grammy Awards, Heaven, Heartache and the Power of Love was nominated in the category for Best Country Album. In addition the second track "This Is Me You're Talking To" was nominated in the category for Best Female Country Vocal Performance and the sixth track "Let the Wind Chase You" was nominated for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals.

Paragraph 18: The story starts out in a neat but rundown little diner just off the highway in the middle of nowhere, New Mexico. The protagonist, Stephen "Red" Ryder, is sitting at the counter after finishing his shift. He is smoking a cigarette and drinking coffee from a paper cup. Angel enters to start her shift. Red and Angel discuss various subjects including Angel's bumpy relationship with her mother, Red's aspirations of getting out of town, and how they'd both like to tell off their boss, Clark. Red claims he can't leave town as of yet since his stepfather has just left his mother. Lyle, the gas station attendant across the street, enters and offers to lend Red some money so he can buy a car to leave town. Red rejects the offer, haughtily. Richard and Clarisse, a white collar couple who are clearly not from these parts, enter and take a seat at the counter. Lyle leaves to help fill their car. Richard emphasizes that Clarisse is a classical violinist and talks about subjects well out of the realm of understanding for the local folk, much to Clarisse's discomfort. Teddy, a foreboding man dressed in fatigues, and his much younger girlfriend, Cheryl, enter and tell everyone their car needs a new part. Lyle offers to take a look but Teddy insists he not look in the trunk. Teddy states they're on their way to Mexico while taking on an obvious and badly-mimicked southern accent which comes and goes. He comes off as incredibly abrasive as he orders his food and makes small talk, prodding Angel, Red and Richard with increasingly uncomfortable questions, and his threats are often veiled by a joking manner. Richard, put off by Teddy, hurries Clarisse out only to return moments later because their keys are missing. Lyle approaches Teddy and admits he saw what was in his trunk (suggesting smuggled drugs). Teddy tells him he shouldn't have done that and Lyle agrees, but suggests that if Teddy were to have taken Richard's keys it would be a bad move since no one here wants any trouble. He pushes him to just take Cheryl and leave. Instead, Richard begins accusing Teddy of stealing his keys outright which Teddy answers by pulling out a gun. Teddy demands they empty the register and tells Richard to give him Clarisse's violin as well. Richard refuses and tells Teddy he'll just have to shoot him. The stage goes black as Teddy fires.

Paragraph 19: Laser Squad is a turn-based tactics war game where the player completes objectives such as rescue or retrieval operations, or simply eliminating all of the enemy by taking advantage of cover, squad level military tactics, and careful use of weaponry. The squad's team members are maneuvered around a map one at a time, taking actions such as move, turn, shoot, pick up and so on that use up the unit's action points. More heavily laden units may tire more easily, and may have to rest to avoid running out of action points more quickly in subsequent turns. Morale also plays a factor; a unit witnessing the deaths of his teammates can panic and run out of the player's control.

Paragraph 20: Nynetjer's tomb, Gallery Tomb B, lies beneath the cortege passage of the Unas-necropolis at Sakkara and measures 94x106 metres. The entrance ramp leads 25 metres deep into three galleries heading East-West, extending into a maze-like system of doorways, vestibules and corridors. The Deutsches Archäologisches Institut (DAI) accomplished five excavations and found out, that Nynetjer's tomb shows great architectural similarities to the Gallery Tomb A, which is thought to be either Raneb's or Hotepsekhemwy's burial site. This led the DAI to the conclusion that Nynetjer was inspired by his predecessor's tombs. 56 flint knives, 44 razors, 44 further blades and wine and beer jars were found. The southern gallery surprisingly was nearly undisturbed and contained many royal objects surviving from Nynetjer's lifetime, such as more than 50 sealed wine jars, carrying nets, storage boxes made of wood and decorated alabaster bottles. Some of the wine jars originated from the tombs of the late 1st Dynasty. In another gallery the mummy masks and a woman's coffin of the Ramesside era were found. Nynetjer's tomb was therefore partially re-used in later times. The main burial chamber was located at the southern-west end of the tomb, but the whole burial site is highly unstable and is in danger of collapsing.

Paragraph 21: In addition to yearly releases, a variety of special edition Nike Dunk SBs have been released. The Nike Dunk SB Low Pro SB Tiffany was released in 2005 and, according to the Complex Sneakers website, was one of the brand's first designs to "drive nearly everyone crazy." The Nike Dunk SB Tiffany design was also adapted by Nick Tershay, as part of Diamond, his skateboard/streetwear company.Other variations and collaborative releases with popular clothing brands made Nike SB popularity intensify. Brands like Stüssy, Supreme New York, Staple Design, and Concepts all developed their own version of the Nike SB Dunk that became highly desired. The Nike Dunk SB Low Staple "NYC Pigeon" was also initially released in 2005 by Staple Design. The shoe made headlines of the New York Post because of a riot that started over the shoe and its release. On an interview with Jeff Staple owner of Staple Design, he stated "They were pulling kids off the gate and arresting them, and kids are holding onto the gate not letting go. Then it turned into a soccer match. Cops called higher level police, like SWAT, and some of the people who came to wait in line brought their own weapons. We saw machetes and baseball bats on the ground. It was crazy. It was just go to a store and buy shoes before that.”  Nike SB made an impact on what is known today as sneaker culture, and in an article from Hypebeast, which says "the success of SB and my desire to have them to the cool color schemes which allowed us as a community to nickname each shoe and the coinciding box colors that signaled different eras" and with limited product and high demand it added more to the triumph of Nike SB at the time.

Paragraph 22: Drafted in the third round of the 1987 NHL Entry Draft, 44th overall, by the Montreal Canadiens, Schneider was the Canadiens' fourth pick (after forwards Andrew Cassels and John LeClair, and fellow defenseman Éric Desjardins). He played his first NHL game a few months later when he suited up on 1987–88 opening night against the Philadelphia Flyers. However, after four games, he was sent back to his junior team (Cornwall Royals) for the rest of the season. He would spend the entirety of 1988–89 with Cornwall before splitting the next season between Montreal and their American Hockey League farm team, the Sherbrooke Canadiens. After being promoted to the Canadiens, he scored seven goals and 21 points in 44 games with Montreal. Schneider earned a full-time NHL roster spot in the 1990–91 season and, two years later, he won the 1993 Stanley Cup with the Canadiens, defeating Wayne Gretzky and the Los Angeles Kings in five games. Following his Stanley Cup victory, Schneider broke out with 52 points in 1993–94, topping all team defensemen. During the 1994–95 season, Schneider was traded to the New York Islanders finishing the season with 29 points in 43 games between the two clubs. In 1995–96, he recorded 47 points in 65 games with the Islanders and appeared in his first NHL All-Star Game (1996), before being traded in March 1996 to the Toronto Maple Leafs (along with Toronto fan-favorite Wendel Clark) in exchange for three players and a first-round selection in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft (eventually Roberto Luongo). He finished the year with 54 points in 78 games between the two clubs.

Paragraph 23: The 2011 season-opener, the Pro All Stars Series (PASS) South, presented by J. E. Pistons and Roush Yates Performance Products, "The Race" was the country's richest short-track race ever. Seventy-seven drivers showed up to try to make the 44-car field and try to win the $75,000 winner's purse. It was the first-ever race held under the lights at the track, but severe storms forced postponement of the race, which resulted in the race not ending under the lights. Qualifying, heat races, and a couple of last chance events were used to set the 44-car field. Drivers from 21 states and five Canadian provinces had showed up to try to make the field. On Friday, Stephen Nasse won the fast time with a new track record of 18.700 seconds. The fastest 15 during qualifying locked themselves into the field. The top ten drivers then had to redraw for their starting positions in the race. Five 25-lap heat races were run that evening, with the top three drivers in each race transferring into the race. On Saturday, two 40-lap last chance races were run, with only the winners transferring into the race. Ten provisionals were given from the PASS series, and Geoff Bodine and Sterling Marlin were added to the field as North Wilkesboro Speedway track provisionals. Before "The Race," a 100-lap modified race was run. Jimmy Zacharias dominated the first half of the event. Zacharias had a half-lap lead over the field by the first yellow flag on Lap 16. Jason Myers moved up and challenged Zacharias hard for the lead before the competition caution flew at halfway. After the teams made adjustments during the break, Zacharias and Jason Myers led the field to the green, when Zacharias again took off with the lead. On Lap 75, the yellow flag flew again, and all the leaders pitted to make final adjustments and set up for a 25-lap dash to the finish. Randy Butner and Gary Putnam led the field on the restart with Zacharias in the back after his pit stop. Junior Miller would soon take over the lead as Zacharias' car appeared to be losing grip after running hard to charge back up to the front. After a yellow on Lap 90, Zacharias and Jason Myers pitted for more adjustments. Miller took the restart and never looked back, taking the 100-lap Modified victory. The main race started with Johnny Clark and Jay Fogleman on the front row. Clark was able get out front and lead the first lap of the race. Andy Loden, Augie Grill, Bubba Pollard, and Jody Lavender led in the first segment of the race. An eight-minute break was given for teams to work on their cars and change four tires to prep them for the second segment. Pollard took the lead on the restart and continued to lead until just prior to the Lap 200 end-of-segment break, when Chris Eggleston worked his way to the lead. At the break, teams once again put four new tires on and made adjustments for the last segment. Pollard jumped to the lead quickly at the start of the last segment. With 50 laps remaining, Pollard and Eggleston ran hard-nose to tail through lapped traffic. On Lap 276, Pollard appeared to try to get under Clark off Turn Four and got sideways, allowing Eggleston to drive around on the high side and take the lead. Over the final laps of the caution-free segment, Eggleston was able to pull away from Pollard. At the end of 300 laps of racing, Eggleston took the checkered flag to win the historic event. Pollard had finished runner-up but was disqualified after post race technical inspection. Jeff Choquette was bumped up to second place, with T.J. Reaid, Ben Rowe, and Andy Loden filling out the top five. Other notable drivers in the field were Ryan Blaney (sixth), Ross Kenseth (seventh), Cale Gale (12th), Erik Darnell (18th), Geoff Bodine (36th), Kenzie Ruston (37th), Gray Gaulding (39th), and Sterling Marlin (43rd). However, after the April 2011 race at the Speedway, Save The Speedway said it would cease working with Speedway Associates and would no longer assist with the Speedway.

Paragraph 24: After her work with George Stevens, Perkins was placed under contract to 20th Century Fox. She was one of the promising young stars of Hollywood, but the studio contract system, which was coming to an end, was a poor fit for Perkins, who had come of age with the Beat Generation in 1950s New York City. George Stevens would later state: "Millie did not fit in. She was 10 years too early." Suspended for refusing the lead in the 1960 film Tess of the Storm Country – Perkins saw the film as a B-picture and a step back career-wise – Perkins was cast by 20th Century Fox in the 1961 film Wild in the Country, playing the supporting role of the girlfriend to star Elvis Presley – she would later play Gladys Presley in the 1990 miniseries Elvis; the studio then dropped Perkins. Joshua Logan personally selected Perkins for the female lead in the 1964 film Ensign Pulver, but the film was a failure; Perkins would not appear in another mainstream film release for almost 20 years. She played the female lead in both of Jack Nicholson's inaugural productions The Shooting and Ride in the Whirlwind – shot side by side in 1965 – and in 1968 co-starred in Wild in the Streets which was written by her then-husband Robert Thom.

Paragraph 25: In the early 20th century, William Poole Bancroft, a wealthy Wilmington philanthropist, saw the city spreading beyond its borders and recognized the urgent need to protect the lands around Wilmington for future generations to enjoy. To that end, he created a corporation called “The Woodlawn Trustees” and charged it with fulfilling his vision of securing parkland for a future Wilmington. Accordingly, throughout the first half of the 20th century, Woodlawn purchased thousands of acres of land north of Wilmington in The Brandywine Hundred and in Delaware County, Pennsylvania. From the 20s until the 60s, Woodlawn also developed more than a half dozen high income communities closer to Wilmington, DE, some of which include Alapocas, Edenridge, Woodbrook, and Tavistock.  At some point in the late 60s or early 70s, The Woodlawn Trustees designated their remaining land holdings in and around Beaver Valley and The Brandywine Hundred as a wildlife refuge, installing hundreds of “Wildlife Refuge” signs at considerable expense around the perimeter of their lands. In 2012, Woodlawn sold 1,100 acres of its wildlife refuge to The Mt. Cuba Center for approximately 21 million dollars. The 1,100 acres were turned over to The National Park Service by The Mt. Cuba Center via The Conservation Fund, and in March, 2013, the Obama administration declared these lands as First State National Monument. Six months prior to these events, Woodlawn announced plans in mid 2012 to build approximately 500 homes and a 225,000 square foot retail "big box" store in Beaver Valley on 324 of the remaining 775 acres of the Woodlawn Wildlife Refuge on lands directly adjoining what would shortly become The First State National Monument, sparking widespread community opposition.  The original plans were withdrawn, but the developers – Frank McKee and the Julian brothers, Richard and Frank – came back with new plans entitled "Vineyard Commons" which called for 161 houses spread across approximately 230 acres. The Concord Board of Supervisors approved the preliminary version of these plans in spite of widespread public opposition and a large quantity of evidence presented by The Beaver Valley Conservancy that the plans did not conform to Concord Township zoning, SALDO, and Stormwater codes. In late March 2015, The Beaver Valley Conservancy filed suit in Common Pleas Court in Media, Pennsylvania disputing the decision of the Concord Board of Supervisors on the grounds that they acted in bad faith, among other allegations. The remaining ~60 acres of the originally disputed land is now equitably owned by Steven Wolfson who has indicated he intends to build residential housing. Those plans are known as "Concord Ventures" and call for ~166 apartments and 29 townhouses. In October 2016, a Delaware County Common Pleas Court judge sent the case back to the Concord Supervisors ordering them to hold evidentiary hearings and to apply environmental protection standards to the development per Pennsylvania's Environmental Rights Amendment to its constitution. Shortly after this court order, the developers agreed to sell their rights to the land to the Conservation Fund and the Mount Cuba Foundation, a deal which was finalized in May 2017 with the help of the Brandywine Conservancy and the Beaver Valley Conservancy.  In mid January 2018, yet another meeting was held, the purpose being the possibility of approving the Concord Ventures. During the meeting, the project faced much opposition from adjacent residents to the indicated location and residents of Beaver Valley. Arguments were made that the project was 'unharmonious with the surrounding environment and residents', in conflict with the [PRD?] building requirements. Conclusion of the meeting resulted in disapproval of the project.

Paragraph 26: On October 14, 1986, Allen was driving in his Porsche in the rain and lost control, wrapping the car around a telephone pole. The wreck happened on Sardis Road in Charlotte, North Carolina, only a couple of miles from his home. Initially, investigators believed he was speeding, but forensic reports showed he was driving the speed limit and he was left in his car for two hours before a witness called 911. The wreck caused his C-4 and C-5 vertebrae to "explode", and it was doubted at the time whether he would ever walk again. Doctors at Carolinas Medical Center said Allen's physical conditioning saved his life. The right side of his body was paralyzed for months, ending his in-ring career. Losing Allen as a wrestler prompted NWA booker Dusty Rhodes to turn Nikita Koloff, Allen's last rival prior to his wreck, into a babyface. According to the storyline, Koloff gained respect for Magnum from their feud and wanted to take his place. This was memorialized in the spring edition of the Wrestling '87 magazine, with a large photograph of Koloff with the words "I cry for Magnum T.A." beside him. Prior to his wreck, Magnum was to win the U.S. Title for the third time before being groomed to become the NWA World Heavyweight Champion. Magnum's first on-screen appearance following the wreck was on TBS's Super Towns on the Superstation, in an interview with Tony Schiavone. His first appearance in front of a live crowd was at the Crockett Cup in 1987, where, with the aid of a cane and two referees, Magnum walked to ringside to embrace Dusty and Nikita, who would go on to defeat Tully Blanchard and Lex Luger for the tournament championship.  Magnum (as "The Boss" Magnum T. A.) hosted an interview segment titled Straight Talk with The Boss on NWA World Wide Wrestling in 1988.

Paragraph 27: Three other squadrons – No. 2, No. 3 and No. 4 – were raised in 1917 in Egypt or Australia, and were sent to France. Arriving there between August and December, these squadrons subsequently undertook operations under the operational command of British Royal Flying Corps (RFC) wings along the Western Front. No. 2 Squadron, under the command of Major Oswald Watt, who had previously served in the French Foreign Legion, was the first AFC unit to see action in Europe. Flying DH.5 fighters, the squadron made its debut around St Quentin, fighting a short action with a German patrol and suffering the loss of one aircraft forced down. The following month the squadron took part in the Battle of Cambrai, flying on combat air patrols, and bombing and strafing missions in support of the British Third Army, suffering heavy losses in dangerous low-level attacks that later received high praise from General Hugh Trenchard, commander of the RFC. The squadron's DH.5s were replaced with superior S.E.5a fighters in December 1917, with which the squadron resumed operations shortly afterwards. Operating R.E.8 reconnaissance aircraft, No. 3 Squadron entered the war during final phase of the Battle of Passchendaele, also in November, during which they were employed largely as artillery spotters. No.4 Squadron entered the fighting last. Equipped with Sopwith Camels, the squadron was dispatched to a quiet sector around Lens initially and did not see combat until January 1918.

Paragraph 28: The Robins scored in the top of the first on an inside-the-park home run by Hy Myers, and the Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the third, Ruth himself knocking in the run with a ground ball. The game remained 1–1 until the bottom of the 14th, when the Red Sox won it on a pinch-hit single by Del Gainer.  The 14-inning game set a World Series record for longest game by innings.  That mark was equaled in Game 3 of the 2005 World Series between the Chicago White Sox and Houston Astros, and then again in Game 1 of the 2015 World Series between the Kansas City Royals and New York Mets, before being broken in Game 3 of the 2018 World Series between the Red Sox and Dodgers.

Paragraph 29: General mobilization in the summer of 1914 found the Serbian Aeroplane Wing not well prepared. The Aeroplane Wing had only 9 aeroplanes of which 7 were in flying condition. Five planes and three pilots were relocated to the auxiliary Dabića airfield. From that airfield, Captain Živojin Stanković and 2nd Lieutenant Miodrag Tomić on 13 August 1914 commenced their first reconnaissance flights in the World War I. Tomić took off from the airfield at Jevremovac on 27 August. Above Mišar he encountered an enemy plane Parabellum which opened fire on Tomić, who did not expect this but he avoided it with an appropriate and fast maneuver, so the plane did not sustain any hits. It was probably the first exchange of fire between aircraft in history. Serbian pilots who were actually skilled and experienced from the Balkan Wars had succeeded to give the valuable information about the number, the movements, and the position of the enemy troops. They contributed to early Serbian victories in 1914 at Cer Mountain, Kolubara and Drina river. At the beginning of 1915, armed with machine guns and bombs, Serbian pilots succeeded to fight back the enemy by attacking their aircraft flying over the Serbian sovereign territory or by bombing the important targets in the background positions. Because of air superiority of the Austro-Hungarian Aviation Troops over the Serbian Front, in March 1915 the French squadron (Escadrille MF 99 S) arrived under command of Captain Roger Vitrat to aid the Serbian Aeroplane Wing. The French squadron held the frontline from Smederevo to Loznica, and the Serbian wing from Smederevo to Golubac. After the conquest of Serbia by the Central Powers in the autumn of 1915 and the great retreat of the Serbian army to the Greek island of Corfu, the Salonica front was formed. During the invasion on Serbia in October 1915, Manfred von Richthofen ("Red Baron") was commenced its first combat flight as a pilot. Also, in the autumn of 1915, the first medical transport of the wounded and sick in world aviation history was conducted in Serbia. One of the ill soldiers in that first medical transport was Milan Stefanik, a Czechoslovakian pilot-volunteer. In June 1916 the reconstituted Serbian army sailed from Corfu and joined the French and British at Thessaloniki. At the Salonica front line, with the support of the Allied forces, the Serbian Aeroplane Wing was reorganized. From mid-1916 to 1918 at the Serbian part of the new established frontline, five squadrons (N521, N522, N523, N524 and N525) were operated and were staffed mostly of French and Serbian personnel. These air force units were officially known as the Serbian Army Air Service and were attached to the Supreme Command of Royal Serbian Army which was a part of Allied Macedonian Army. In the beginning of 1918 the new reorganisation was started when the 1st Squadron was formed on 17 January, and the 2nd Squadron on 1 May 1918, staffed with Serbian personnel.

Paragraph 30: Balloons were by then in use for both meteorology and military observation. Balloons can only be used in light winds, while kites can only be used in stronger winds. The American Samuel Franklin Cody, working in England, realised that the two types of craft between them allowed operation over a wide range of weather conditions. He developed Hargrave's basic design, adding additional lifting surfaces to create powerful man-lifting systems using multiple kites on a single line. Cody made many demonstrations of his system and would later sell four of his "war kite" systems to the Royal Navy. His kites also found use in carrying meteorological instruments aloft and he was made a fellow of the Royal Meteorological Society. In 1905, Sapper Moreton of the British Army's balloon section was lifted  by a kite at Aldershot under Cody's supervision. In 1906, Cody was appointed Chief Instructor in Kiting at the Army School of Ballooning in Aldershot. He soon also joined the newly established Army Balloon Factory at Farnborough and continued developing his war kites for the British Army. In his own time, he developed a manned "glider-kite" which was launched on a tether like a kite and then released to glide freely. In 1907, Cody next fitted an aircraft engine to a modified unmanned "power-kite", the precursor to his later aeroplanes, and flew it inside the Balloon Shed, along a wire suspended from poles, before the Prince and Princess of Wales. The British Army officially adopted his war kites for their Balloon Companies in 1908.