Paragraph 1: On 6 November 1902 Reynolds assumed the assignment of superintendent of the Revenue Cutter Service School of Instruction and the command of the training cutter USRC Chase. On 31 January 1903 Reynolds was promoted to captain. Under his leadership, the School of Instruction added a third year of training, adding to the curriculum more science and mathematics. At the direction of Congress the school provided for the appointment of cadet engineers for a six-month training program. Candidates were to have had at least six months practical experience in marine engineering and upon graduation they filled positions as second assistant engineers. To help with the training of engineers, Reynolds requested that the  Chase be replaced with a more modern steam powered cutter. During Reynolds' tenure at the school, a new training cutter was acquired; USRC Itasca was the former USS Bancroft, a former U.S. Naval Academy training vessel. Reynolds commanded her on her initial training cruise to the Mediterranean during the summer of 1907.  On 23 January 1909, as captain of USRC Seneca, he responded to the collision of White Star passenger liner SS Republic with the Italian liner SS Florida, 26 miles southeast of Nantucket, Massachusetts, assisting USRC Gresham with the rescue of passengers and crew of the Republic. On 9 July 1909 Reynolds was promoted to senior captain. As Captain Commandant Worth G. Ross indicated that he was going to retire in 1911 because of ill health, speculation as to who would succeed him as Captain Commandant became a campaign by several senior officers in the Revenue Cutter Service. Although he didn't actively seek the position, Reynolds name was mentioned a possibility by other senior captains, but eventually the campaign by Senior Captain Ellsworth P. Bertholf would succeed.

Paragraph 2: Suffren, named after  Pierre André de Suffren de Saint-Tropez, was ordered on 21 April 1898 from the Arsenal de Brest. She was laid down on 5 January 1899 and launched on 25 July of the same year. Her fitting-out was delayed by the late delivery of fittings and armour. Suffren began her sea trials in November 1903, but was not commissioned until 3 February 1904. On 18 August 1903 she participated in a gunnery trial with the predreadnought  off Île Longue. A mild-steel plate  thick, measuring , was attached to the side of Suffrens forward turret to determine the resistance of an armour plate to a large-calibre shell with six sheep placed in the turret to simulate its crew. Masséna anchored  away from Suffren and fired a number of 305-millimetre shells at the plate. The first three were training shells that knocked splinters off the armour plate. The last two shells, fired with full charges, cracked the plate, but Suffrens turret was fully operational, as was her Germain electrical fire-control system, and the sheep were unharmed. One splinter struck Masséna above her armour belt and left a 15-centimetre sized hole in her hull. Another  splinter landed within a few metres of the Naval Minister, Camille Pelletan, who was observing the trials.

Paragraph 3: Landscape and Cityscape were represented of "Leningrad Port" by Vsevolod Bazhenov, "A road to Baykal Lake" by Dmitry Belyaev, "Grafsky Bay" by Lev Bogomolets, "Lanskoy Highway" by Dmitry Buchkin, "Forest Weekdays", "Red Navy Embankment", "For our Buildings", "The Neva River is freezing" by Nikolay Galakhov, "In the St Peter and Paul Fortress", "At the Anichkov Bridge", "Morning City" by Ivan Godlevsky, "Moring in Karelia", "Bird-cherry is blooming", "On Onega Lake" by Alexei Eriomin, "Malaya Sadovaya", "Near St. Isaac Cathedral" by Mikhail Kaneev, "Winter Morning" by Elena Kostenko, "Wet Asphalt" by Alexander Koroviakov, "Plowed Ground" by Mikhail Kozell, "Native Place" by Engels Kozlov, "Volkhov River", "Altai", "The Rain is over" by Marina Kozlovskaya, "Time of Sunrise. Fontanka River", "Frosty Day", "Evening. Baltyisky Factory", "A New Outskirts" by Yaroslav Krestovsky, "At the Gostiny Dvor" by Piotr Litvinsky, "Suburb" by Oleg Lomakin, "October", "Pskov", "Winter Landscape" by Gavriil Malish, "City grows" by Eugene Maltsev, "Leningrad" by Yuri Mezhirov, "First Snow", "Spring" by Lidia Milova, "Apple Trees in Winter", "Ravine", "Kazantip", "Old Bukhara" by Evsey Moiseenko, "Line Vasilievsky Island", "New Building on Okhta" by Nikolai Mukho, "At the River" by Mikhail Natarevich, "Early Morning", "In the Morning", "Spring Sun" by Vera Nazina, "Last Snow", "Forest Wakes-up", "Willow is Blooming", "Winter" by Dmitry Oboznenko, "At Kanonersky Shipyard", "October" by Vladimir Ovchinnikov, "Rowan Tree" Nikolai Pozdneev, "Spring Day" by Leonid Ptytsyn, "Shop" by Galina Rumiantseva, "Old Trees", "April", "October", "Daybreak" by Vladimir Sakson, "On the Neva River", "Towards Spring" by Alexander Semionov, "Leningrad. View on the University Embankment", "Tallinn. View on the Seashore", "Tallinn's Motifs", "Construction of Zanevsky Bridge over the Neva River", "Leningrad. A Factory district" by Arseny Semionov, "Leningrad Street", "Winter Palace Yard" by Alexander Shmidt, "In Winter" by Nadezhda Shteinmiller, "Moyka", "Suburb", "Gryboedova Channel" by Kim Slavin, "A Holiday Evening", "Petrogradskaya Side", "Behind Narvskaya Gates", "End of Winter", "Autumn Cherry Trees", "February Azure" by Nikolai Timkov, "Black River", "At the Moorage" by Mikhail Trufanov, "Spring in Ostrov Village", "Ice Drifting", "Silver Cities", "Daybreak" by Vitaly Tulenev, "March", "October", "Twilight", "Suburb"  by Boris Ugarov, "Onega Seashore", "Blue Water", "Mosha River", "Boats in the evening" by Piotr Fomin, "Autumn Time", "Sunny Day", "Winter Morning", "Wet Ground", "A March. Weekdays" by Vecheslav Zagonek, "Winter in Senezh" by Ruben Zakharian, "A Night on the Neva River" by Alexander Zaytsev, "A Midday on the Neva River", "Currants in the garden", "Leningrad seaside" by Elena Zhukova, and some others.

Paragraph 4: When Obote's loyalists launched invasions in 1972 from Tanzania and southern Sudan, they were completely defeated by Amin's troops and allied Libyan soldiers. This failed invasion marked the beginning of "a new and unprecedently violent phase" of Amin's reign. His regime greatly empowered and further expanded the military, allowed soldiers to act with impunity, and ultimately caused a "destructive spiral of violence" that destabilized the country. As result of the increasing brutality and the growing number of troops of West Nile origin whose primary language was Swahili, Ugandan civilians increasingly began to perceive the military as a "foreign" force. At the same time, Amin's following gradually became narrower as he grew paranoid and his resources to buy the troops' loyalty shrank amid Uganda's economic decline. The Alur were the first West Nile group that fell from power. As they were quite numerous and related to the Acholi and Langi, Amin's regime began to regard them as a security risk and purged them. The highest-ranking Alur officer, Lieutenant Colonel Valentine Ochima, was removed from the Defence Council and imprisoned in July 1971. Following Obote's invasion, Ochima was shot and all other Alur officers removed from important posts. Next, the Madi were disempowered mostly because they opposed the growing influence of Muslims in the regime. Madi soldiers were also accused of being undisciplined and aiding anti-Amin insurgents. The Lugbara also fell under suspicion as they were the largest West Nile tribe. To replace the purged troops, Amin began to enlist a growing number of Sudanese. The First Sudanese Civil War had ended in March 1972, and many Anyanya rebels opted to cross the border and enlist in the Uganda Army instead of remaining in their home country. Some Lugbara, Madi, and Alur officers wanted to stop the growing chaos in Uganda by overthrowing Amin, but their conspiracy was crushed in July 1973. The year also witnessed another purge of the military. By the end of 1973, the Alur, Lugbara, and Madi were marginalized, and several high-ranking commanders belonging to these tribes had been ousted from the Uganda Army or killed. The army also proved incapable of containing incursions from Turkana cattle raiders from Kenya, though on several occasions they crossed the border in pursuit and carried out reprisals on Kenyans both there and in Uganda. In addition, Ugandan soldiers who had been sent for a training mission to Libya were ordered by Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi to assist in the Libyan occupation of the Aouzou Strip in Chad in 1973.

Paragraph 5: Following the motorsport theme of the Ferrari F40 LM, Ferrari developed the F50 GT, a prototype based on the F50 that was built to compete in GT1-class racing. The car had a fixed roof, a large rear wing, new front spoiler and many other adjustments. The 4.7 litre V12 engine was tuned to generate around  at 10,500 rpm and  of torque at 7,500 rpm. A test held in 1996 proved the car to be quicker even than the 333 SP, but this went unnoticed as Ferrari cancelled the F50 GT project because it was unhappy with FIA allowing homologation special cars such as the Porsche 911 GT1 in the series. Ferrari instead focused on Formula One after the BPR Global GT Series folded. The company sold off the three complete chassis out of the six planned chassis that were built–the test car 001, 002 and 003. Chassis 002 and 003 had bodies fitted before being sold. The remaining three tubs were reportedly destroyed.

Paragraph 6: The agency's first Inspector-General (IG), Horatio Nelson Lay (), was dismissed in 1863 following a dispute with the Imperial court to be replaced by Sir Robert Hart (), by far the most well known IG, who served until his death in 1911.  Hart oversaw the development of the Service and its activities to its fullest form. Among his many contributions were the establishment of the Tongwen Guan or School of Combined Learning, which produced numerous translations of works on international law, science, world history, and current events; the postal service; and the Northern Navy. Hart established China's central statistical office in the Maritime Service in Shanghai and the Statistical Secretariat (1873–1950) and following the Boxer Uprising, set up Customs College to provide educated Chinese staff for the Service. Hart was succeeded by Sir Francis Aglen (1869–1932) () and then by his own nephew, Sir Frederick Maze (1871–1959) (), who served from 1929 to 1943.  In January 1950 the last foreign Inspector-General, American Lester Knox Little (), resigned and the responsibilities of the Service were divided between what eventually became the Customs General Administration of the People's Republic of China, and the Republic of China Directorate General of Customs on Taiwan. It was the only bureaucratic agency of the Chinese government to operate continuously as an integrated entity from 1854 to 1950.

Paragraph 7: Bagwell has his hand reattached by a veterinary surgeon named Dr. Marvin Gudat, whom he murders afterwards. Bagwell then bleaches his hair to change his appearance, and begins his four episode long journey to Utah, to locate the money Charles Westmoreland had hidden there. In the fifth, sixth and seventh episodes, he rejoins part of the main cast as the group of five fugitives dig for Westmoreland's five million dollars under a garage. Bagwell tricks the other fugitives, stealing all the money, and sets out to find Susan Hollander, the woman who betrayed him. From the eighth episode onwards, Bagwell's storyline separates from the main plot, which concerns the protagonists escaping and later deciding to solve the conspiracy. In the following episode, "Unearthed", Bagwell arrives at Hollander's house, which has been vacated and is for sale. He is captured at the house by Brad Bellick (Wade Williams) and Roy Geary (Matt DeCaro) after hiding the five million dollars in a locker at a bus station. The next episode follows Bellick and Geary's torture of Bagwell as they try to discover where he has hidden the money. During the torture, the key to the locker that Bagwell had hidden in his sock falls out. The three men scuffle to retrieve it. Bagwell grabs the key and swallows it. Bellick and Geary tie Bagwell to a toilet in the house and shove Copenhagen tobacco in his mouth, along with laxatives. Bagwell passes the key, which has the location information on it. They clean it up, and use plastic handcuffs to attach his wrist to a radiator. Bagwell escapes from the cuff in "Bolshoi Booze" by re-severing his hand. Geary betrays Bellick and takes the money to an upscale hotel. Bagwell, having placed a tracking device in the bag, tracks it down and kills Geary by smashing his head with a champagne bottle. Before leaving with the money, Bagwell frames Bellick for Geary's murder, by placing Bellick's credit card receipt in Geary's dead, bloody hand. In the "fall finale" episode "The Killing Box" the last episode to air for 2006 in the United States, Bagwell sees a Vietnam war vet in a bar, who has a prosthetic hand. It's implied that Bagwell killed the man, as in his next scene of the episode, Bagwell is in possession of the prosthetic hand. He then takes advantage of a postal worker with his wily charms to gain access to Susan Hollander's new address. The postal worker genuinely likes Bagwell, until she recognizes him from a Wanted poster on the wall. Ever the survivalist, Bagwell eliminates her.

Paragraph 8: The source of the Alster is a small bog pool in the Timhagen Brook near Henstedt-Ulzburg, approximately  north of Hamburg. The small brook makes a couple of curves before entering Hamburg territory at Duvenstedt and Wohldorf-Ohlstedt. At that point, the Alster has passed a couple of smaller locks and has been passed by 15 bridges. From here on, Hamburgers use the river for water sports, especially for canoe and kayak trips on the river, or hikes along its shores. At Wellingsbüttel, the Alster runs past Wellingsbüttel Manor. At Ohlsdorf the Alster reaches a weir, approximately at the height of the former Fuhlsbüttel Lock, the last water level regulation before reaching the inner city. From Fuhlsbüttel downstream, the Alster's course, has been straightened on several locations, with old and new river beds occasionally forming parallel canal beds. Between city limits and the inner city's first lake − the Außenalster − the river is crossed by 42 bridges.

Paragraph 9: Monte Irvin's daring baserunning got the Giants off to a fast start in this New York – New York series. He singled in the first inning, sped to third on Whitey Lockman's RBI single, then stole home off Yankee starter Allie Reynolds. The Yankees cut the Giants' lead to 2–1 in the second when Gil McDougald doubled with one out off Dave Koslo and scored on Jerry Coleman's single. The scored remained that way until the sixth when Alvin Dark's three-run home run gave the Giants a commanding 5–1 lead. Koslo pitched a complete game to give the Giants a 1–0 series lead.

Paragraph 10: SR 37 begins at the Alabama state line on the western edge of Fort Gaines, in Clay County, where the roadway continues to the west as Alabama State Route 10 (SR 10; Hartford Road) over the Chattahoochee River on the Henry G McKemie Memorial Bridge. In Fort Gaines is a very brief concurrency with SR 39. It continues to the east, to an intersection with US 27/SR 1 in Suttons Corner. Then, it cuts across a corner of Calhoun County and re-enters Clay County. At the unincorporated community of Jeff, the highway re-enters Calhoun County. Southwest of there, in Edison, is a brief concurrency with SR 216. It heads east and curves to the southeast to enter Morgan, where it has a short concurrency with SR 45. Continuing to the southeast, it crosses over Ichawaynochaway Creek, then passes McClendon Lake and enters Leary. In the city is an intersection with SR 55 and SR 62 (Mercer Avenue). At this intersection, SR 62 travels concurrent with SR 37 until it splits off onto Albany Highway. The highway heads east-southeast, curves to the south-southeast, and travels in a nearly-due south direction, before entering Baker County. SR 37 gradually curves to the south and bends to the south-southwest and meets the southern terminus of SR 216 (Blakely Highway). Then, it curves to the east-southeast, crosses over Chickasawhatchee Creek, and travels through Elmodel. Farther to the southeast, it intersects SR 200, just before entering Newton. In the city, it intersects SR 91. On the southeastern edge of the city, it crosses over the Flint River and enters Mitchell County. The highway travels through rural areas of the county and enters Camilla. There, it begins to curve to the east and meets the western terminus of SR 37 Conn. (West Oakland Avenue). A few blocks to the east is an intersection with SR 112 (Scott Street). Just over  later is US 19/SR 3/SR 300 (Georgia–Florida Parkway). A little farther to the east, SR 37 leaves town and runs through rural areas of the county to an intersection with SR 93. Just south of Mims Millpond, it enters Colquitt County. The highway travels through Hartsfield and Funston, until it enters Moultrie. There, it begins a concurrency with SR 111. Just over  later, they cross over the Ochlockonee River and travel along the Riverside–Moultrie city line. A short distance later, also on the city line, is the end of the concurrency, with SR 111 departing on West Bypass NW. SR 37 continues to travel along the city line until the intersection with 11th Street SW/Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive NW, where it re-enters Moultrie proper. In downtown Moultrie is an intersection with US 319 Bus./SR 33. Farther to the east, it crosses over Okapilco Creek and intersects US 319/SR 35/SR 133. The four highways travel concurrently to the north for about . There, SR 37 splits off to the northeast onto 4th Street NE.

Paragraph 11: The Kaliver Dynasty began with Rabbi Yitzchak Isaac Taub (1744–1828) of Nagykálló (in Yiddish Kaliv), Hungary. He was the first Hasidic Rebbe in Hungary. He was discovered by Rabbi Leib Sarah's, a disciple of the Baal Shem Tov. Rabbi Leib first met Rabbi Isaac when he was a small child, a small shepherd boy. Rabbi Leib told his mother, a widow, that her son was destined to be a great Tzadik. He took the small child to Nikolsburg to learn with Rabbi Shmelke of Nikolsburg. Rabbi Isaac grew to be a great Rebbe and was known as "the Sweet Singer of Israel". He composed many popular Hasidic melodies. Often he adapted Hungarian folk songs, adding Jewish words. He taught that the tunes he heard were really from the Holy Temple in Jerusalem, and were lost among the nations over the years, and he found them and returned them to the Jewish people. He said that the proof that it was true was that the gentile who would teach him the song would forget it as soon as the rebbe learned it. He was famous for composing the traditional Hungarian Hasidic tune Szól a kakas már. When Leib Sarah's found him, he sang in Hungarian a song he knew from the shepherds, Erdő, erdő, which he adapted to Judaism by changing the words. In Yitzack Isaac's version, the love in the song is for the Shechina (Divine Presence) that is in exile until the Messiah:

Paragraph 12: The case arose because a Stanford employee, who was under obligation to assign certain inventions to Stanford, if Stanford was required by law or contract to own them, was sent by Stanford faculty to work at a biotech company to learn PCR, a proprietary technique, and signed an agreement with that company agreeing to assign inventions made arising from his access to PCR to the company. The company was later purchased by Roche.  Stanford filed patents on work the employee did at the company after he returned to Stanford, and the company (and later Roche) introduced products based on the work the Stanford employee (and others) did at the company. When Stanford sued Roche for infringing its patents, Roche countered that it had an ownership interest in the patents due to the agreement that the Stanford employee had signed with the company. Among the arguments Stanford made at the District, Federal Circuit, and Supreme Court levels, was one that stated that the Bayh–Dole Act gave grant recipients a "right of second refusal" subject to the Government's right of first refusal, based on the following language of the statute: "If a contractor does not elect to retain title to a subject invention in cases subject to this section, the Federal agency may consider and after consultation with the contractor grant requests for retention of rights by the inventor subject to the provisions of this Act and regulations promulgated hereunder."

Paragraph 13: Fielding was born in the Westminster area of London on 21 May 1973, the son of Royal Mail manager Ray Fielding (born 1953) and Yvonne Fagan (1953–1990), and grew up in Pollards Hill near Croydon. He is of French descent through his grandmother. His parents separated some time after he was born. His comedic partner Julian Barratt described Fielding’s upbringing as “feral”; according to an article in The Sunday Times, Fielding's parents "had lots of parties" during his childhood, and Fielding has described how they would party through the night and that he would have to step over the bodies of their sleeping friends in the mornings as he got up. When Fielding was three years old, his father remarried, and Fielding was mostly raised by his grandmother. He describes his grandmother as someone he had a lot of respect for, saying in 2011 to The Guardian, “My grandma is really strong. I like strong women. That's what I respond to." His father and stepmother Diane would later become more involved in parenting during Fielding’s mother’s illness in the 1980s. His mother had two more children before dying in 1990 aged 37 years old, from complications caused by liver damage. His younger paternal half-brother, Michael, later played various characters in Fielding's television comedy shows, and his father and stepmother would also appear. Ray Fielding had several cameos as a Chris de Burgh on The Mighty Boosh.

Paragraph 14: In 1634, a messenger named Ali Bali was sent to Venice to inform Venice that Safi I ascended the Safavid throne. This envoy was the last Muslim ambassador of the Safavid court to Venice. With the outbreak of the Cretan War in 1645, which would last until 1669, Venice started “diplomatic offensive” to find allies against the Ottomans. Giovanni Tiepolo was sent to the King of Poland on a mission from the republic. On his return the following year, Giovanni arrived in Venice with a Polish envoy who had been commissioned to deliver a letter from his king to the Safavid king. The Polish envoy Jerzy Ilicz was sent to the Safavid palace together with the Dominican priest Antonio da Fiandra. In 1646, the Venetian government sent another emissary named Domenico de Santis to the king. This messenger reached the Safavid palace by crossing the road to Aleppo. In response, Ferdinando Gioverida (a Catholic priest and relative of Petra della Valle's first wife) left for Venice in 1647. Father Antonio was able to convey himself to the Collegium in the Palazzo Ducale on March 28, 1650. De Santis probably reached Venice in 1651. During the return trip, de Santis, who was going from Isfahan to Tarku, was not given permission to enter the territory of the Russian Empire, so his return took longer. Gioverida reached the Collegium exactly one year before Antonio – on March 28, 1650. The 3 embassies had brought nothing but sincere declarations of friendship from the Shah. The Safavid side did not make any clear statement about the specific alliance. As a result, further negotiations between Venice and the Safavid Empire were carried out by missionaries and Catholic clergy. In 1661, a letter addressed to the king was sent by an anonymous person, in 1662, Arakel was used, and in 1663, the Dominican priest Antonio Tani was used. In the letter of 1661, Venice's appeal to the Safavid Empire to join the war against the Ottoman Empire was repeated. In 1663, the senators did not find it appropriate to make such a request in writing and asked Arakel to convey it to the shah orally. In 1669, Archbishop Mateos Avanik was sent to the Safavid Empire, and in 1673, one of the Armenian Dominican priests arrived in Venice with a letter from the king and Mateos. The latter stated that despite his pleas to the Safavid emperor Suleiman I to attack the Ottomans, he eventually received word that Crete had been captured by the Ottomans, and his efforts were not successful. Two Dominicans were given a reply letter to the king. According to Berchet, this was the last Safavid diplomatic mission to Venice. In later years, especially during the War of the Holy League, additional letters were sent to the Safavids, delivered by an unknown envoy in 1695 and two papal envoys, Pietro Paolo Pignatelli in 1697 and Felice Maria da Sellano in 1699. Only the first of these letters called the king to war, the other two simply confirmed Venice's favorable attitude towards him.

Paragraph 15: Before the show started, a countdown timer, ticket purchase verification and concert information appeared on the homepage. Pentagon showed a colourful appearance under the four chapters under the keyword 'L:VE', which can be interpreted in various ways. After the end of the countdown, Pentagon opened the stage with intense stages such as "Basquiat", "Gorilla" and "Can You Feel It". After the songs, Pentagon took a breather to interact with their fans as they introduced themselves and greeted fans in various languages such as Japanese, Hindi, French, and German and more. The member apologized saying, "We should have had a concert two weeks ago, but I'm sorry to see you only now. It's a more confusing time than ever. I am really grateful for being able to meet you on the stage like this." Next was, "The Black Hall", a song that had been much requested by their fans for the group to perform. In Chapter II - We L:ve with Color, the group performed unit stages according to the member's personality, starting with a supercool performance by Hui and Shinwon. The duo performed their unreleased self-composed song "WTH", which was unveiled for the first time. The second unit performance was performed by Yuto and Wooseok. They presented a fun hip-hop stage wherein they performed the tracks, "Poison (독)", "Always Difficult Always Beautiful", and "Repeat:II (도돌이표)". Yanan and Hongseok presented a warm winter sensibility with Ailee's "I Will Go to You Like the First Snow". Lastly, Yeo One and Kino showcased a rendition of Taemin's "Move". On this day, Jinho, a member who enlisted in the military in May, watched the performance online and communicated in real time through comments, giving a different fun and impression. Jinho showed off his strong friendship by sending passionate support to each stage of the Pentagon. Fans also responded with comments, and held comment events such as 'I love Pentagon' and 'We are always with Pentagon'. Next, Pentagon start with a classroom skit during Chapter III - We L:ve Young, where Pentagon members introduced themselves, including member Jinho to their teacher Yeo One and their new classmate Kino. They continued to present stages with their hit songs from "Happiness" (Korean version), "Shine", "Naughty Boy" and "Spring Snow". During Chapter IV - We L:ve on Stage, the group expressed the meaning of 'stage' means to them. Hui expressed that the stage is not just his workplace but also his battlefield where he feels most pressured and where he has the most hardships and where it brings him the greatest pain. The stage is also a place that brings me the greatest happiness, as well as the greatest joy and achievements. It is a space where contradicting emotions exist". In this section, Pentagon performed never-before-seen "Paradise (별이 빛나는 이 밤)" and "You Like" as well as "Sha La La" and "Daisy". Before the final chapter We L:ve in Universe, a special video "To Universe" with words from Pentagon for their fans was displayed. Next was "Nostalgia" as an encore song where they showed the unibong choreography made by member Kino. During this stage, they were surprised by the fans from across the globe joined and sang along with them. Concluding the show, Pentagon gave fans a precious gift in the form of a track made by member Kino titled "Eternal Flame".

Paragraph 16: In the , Ascot had a population of 5,777 people, 52% female and 48% male. The median age of the Ascot population was 39 years, higher than the national median of 38. 69.2% of people were born in Australia, compared to the national average of 66.7%; the next most common countries of birth were England 4.2%, New Zealand 3.9% and India 2.3%. 80.1% of people only spoke English at home. The most common responses for religion in Ascot were Catholic 28.8%, No Religion 25.4% and Anglican 20.0%. Of the total 2,295 occupied private residences, 48.4% were separate houses, 43.2% were flats or apartments and 7.5% were semi-detached.

Paragraph 17: This chapter discusses "race-contact", specifically as it relates to physical proximity, economic and political relations, intellectual contact, social contact, and religious enterprise.  As for physical proximity, Du Bois states there is an obvious "physical color-line" in Southern communities separating whites from Negroes, and a Black Belt in larger areas of the country.  He says that here is a need for "Negro leaders of character and intelligence" to help guide Negro communities along the path out of the current economic situation.  The power of the ballot is necessary, he asserts, as "in every state the best arbiters of their own welfare are the persons directly affected."  He says that "the police system of the South was primarily designed to control slaves," and Negroes viewed its "courts as a means of reenslaving the blacks."  Regarding social contact, Du Bois states "there is almost no community of intellectual life or point of transference where the thoughts and feelings of one race can come into direct contact and sympathy with thoughts and feelings of the other."  He concludes that "the future of the South depends on the ability of the representatives of these opposing views to see and appreciate and sympathize with each other's position."

Paragraph 18: In The Decay of the Angel, the last book of Sea of Fertility tetralogy, Shikeguni Honda, a retired judge, adopts a teenage orphan, Tōru Yasunaga, whom he believes to be a dead schoolfriend's third successive reincarnation. In this book, which is also accepted as the testament of Yukio Mishima, Shigekuni Honda observes the evolution of Japan in the 20th century. Japan's progressive losing traditional values and westernization in both individual and social levels, which started in Spring Snow, appears as a new, universalized Japan in the last book. In Spring Snow, Kiyoaki's faithful friend and a young lawyer candidate, a judge in the Runaway Horses, and a philosopher in The Temple of the Dawn, Shigekuni Honda is presented as an old man, a retired judge in the book of The Decay of the Angel. Throughout the previous three books, Honda, who tried to protect Kiyoaki himself and his reincarnations from death, fails each time, and this book deals with the last reincarnation Toru, who later turns out to be a fake. We see that Honda, who thinks Toru is a reincarnation of Kiyoaki, tries to educate and protect him throughout the novel, but we witness that Toru's response turns out negatively to this behavior and tries to deceive him in some way and to be superior. As a matter of fact, when Toru does not die at the age of 20, as in every reincarnation, it is revealed that he is fake. At the end of the book, Honda visits Gesshū Temple to see Satoko, who is Kiyoaki's love in the first book. Honda depicts Satoko, who is now an Abbess, has not lost anything of its purity and beauty. The novel ends with a question mark. When Honda finds out that Satoko doesn't remember anything about their past, he questions his existence in the world and thinks maybe he never existed. After writing the last lines of The Decay of the Angel, writer Yukio Mishima died in 1970 by killing himself.

Paragraph 19: After 1820, Schubert returned to the string quartet form, which he had last visited as a teenager. He wrote the one-movement Quartettsatz in 1820, and the Rosamunde quartet in 1824 using a theme from the incidental music that he wrote for a play that failed. These quartets are a huge step forward from his initial attempts. Even Schubert recognized this fact; in July 1824, he wrote to his brother Ferdinand of his earlier quartets, "it would be better if you stuck to other quartets than mine, for there is nothing in them..." There are several qualities that set these mature quartets apart from Schubert's earlier attempts. In the early quartets, it is primarily the first violin that carries the melody, with the other instruments playing supporting roles; in the later quartets, the part writing is much more advanced, and each instrument brings its own character and presence, for a more complex and integrated texture. Also, the later quartets are structurally much more integrated, with motifs, harmonies, and textures recurring in a way that ties the entire work together.

Paragraph 20: Roosevelt agreed to a proposal to build a ship in half the time. To meet the deadline, the Richmond Shipyard prefabricated as much of the vessel as possible at its No. 2 Yard and pre-positioned the sections to enable the workers to assemble it with maximum efficiency. The keel was laid at 12:01 am on 8 November 1942. The rest of the ship was built from prefabricated 250-ton sections with the engines already in place. The bottom shell unit was installed first, followed by the inner-bottom unit to support the boiler, engine and pump. The boilers were put in place by mid-morning, followed by transverse bulkheads and the shaft tunnel. The upper deck was completed on the second day, with the installation of the lower forepeak, more bulkheads and the fantail. The masts, derricks and superstructure were installed on the third day. During the final day the wiring, welding and painting was completed along with the installation of the forward gun platform and the inner stack. She was launched at 3:27 pm on 12 November, after around 250,000 individual parts weighing  had been assembled. After 26 minutes of speeches, Mrs. James F. Byrnes, the wife of the head of Roosevelt's Economic Stabilization Office, christened the ship and it was sent down the slipway into San Francisco Bay. It was delivered for service on 15 November, setting an additional record of 7 days, 14 hours and 32 minutes from laying the keel to delivery.

Paragraph 21: The change to a religious focus was not easy and they lost many of their fans and found opposition among the members of their own faith when they suggested the idea of Christian salsa.  They stood their ground and little by little they started to regain the confidence of their fans and fellow Christians, when they recorded salsa songs with a religious message. However, so as to concentrate in their religious ministries, Ray and Cruz decided to record one last "secular" salsa song together: "Adios a la Salsa" (Goodbye to Salsa) was a farewell tribute to the style of music which gave them fame and fortune.

Paragraph 22: The Draft Eisenhower movement re-emerged in 1951 in both the Republican and Democratic parties, as Eisenhower had not yet publicly announced any political party affiliation and believed that he needed to remain nonpartisan. However, in his 2000 book, Eisenhower Decides To Run, author William B. Pickett wrote that after the 1948 election, "Eisenhower was moving ever closer to partisan Republican politics". In late 1951, Truman's popularity had declined, with his approval ratings dropping to 23%, the lowest ever for any president since polling approval ratings began. Hoping that Eisenhower would run for the Democratic Party, Truman wrote to him in December 1951, saying: "I wish you would let me know what you intend to do." Eisenhower responded: "I do not feel that I have any duty to seek a political nomination." Various newspaper editors and reporters wrote letters to Eisenhower, urging him to run. Meanwhile, Dewey and Senator Henry Cabot Lodge Jr. began encouraging Eisenhower to run more than two years before the 1952 Republican National Convention. Dewey asked Lucius D. Clay—Eisenhower's former deputy—about his opinion on Eisenhower's potential presidential run, to which Clay replied: "I don't know. But I am sure that he will not run unless he is sure that there is a strong demand for him to run, an effective organization, and, I would add, although I'm not sure that he would, that there be every chance for it to be reasonably financed." Soon, various organizations and committees were set up to co-ordinate the Draft movement. New Jersey businessmen Charles F. Willis and Stanley M. Rumbough Jr. helped found the "Citizens for Eisenhower" committee, to establish Eisenhower clubs nationwide. Harold E. Talbott headed the "Eisenhower for President" financial campaign, and Paul Hoffman started the "Citizens for Eisenhower" movement. A network of approximately 800 clubs, headed by 38 state leaders, was soon formed. By late 1952, approximately 29,000 clubs had been formed, with a total membership of approximately 250,000 people. Eisenhower's close friend, investment dealer Clifford Roberts, referred to "Citizens for Eisenhower" as a name under which "all the mavericks can gather".

Paragraph 23: Álvaro de Campos (; October 15, 1890 – November 30, 1935) was one of the poet Fernando Pessoa's various heteronyms, widely known by his powerful and wrathful writing style. According to his author, this alter ego was born in Tavira, Portugal, studied mechanical engineering and finally graduated in ship engineering in Glasgow. After a journey in Ireland, Campos sailed to the Orient and wrote his poem "Opiario" in the Suez Canal "onboard". He worked in 'Barrow-on-Furness' (sic) (of which Pessoa wrote a poem about) and Newcastle-on-Tyne (1922). Unemployed, Campos returned to Lisbon in 1926 (he wrote then the poem "Lisbon Revisited"), where he lived ever since. He was born in October, 1890, but Pessoa didn't put an end to the life of Campos, so he would have survived his author who died in November, 1935. Campos' works may be split in three phases: the decadent phase, the futuristic phase and the decadent (sad) phase. He chose Whitman and Marinetti as masters, showing some similarities with their works, mainly in the second phase: hymns like "Ode Triunfal", "Ode Marítima",  and "Ultimatum" praise the power of the rising technology, the strength of the machines, the dark side of the industrial civilization, and an enigmatic love for the machines. The first phase (marked by the poem Opiário) shared some of its pessimism with Pessoa's friend Mário de Sá-Carneiro, one of his co-workers in Orpheu magazine. In the last phase, Pessoa drops the mask, and reveals through Campos all the emptiness and nostalgia that grew during his last years of life.<ref>PESSOA, Fernando (1999). Crítica: ensaios, artigos e entrevistas, vol.I, ed. Fernando Cabral Martins. Lisboa: Assírio & Alvim, p. 189.</ref> In his last phase Campos wrote the poems "Lisbon Revisited" and the well-known "Tobacco Shop".

Paragraph 24: Originally from Brescia, Beccalossi started his football career with his hometown club in 1972, and later became a favorite of the Inter Milan fans, where he spent the majority of his career, from 1978–79 to 1983–84, frequently wearing the number 10 shirt. He donned the Inter jersey in 216 games, scored 37 goals and helped the team win a Serie A Championship (1979–80, scoring 7 goals) and a Coppa Italia (1981–82). Together with Inter centre-forward Alessandro Altobelli, Beccalossi formed one of the longest standing offensive partnerships of Serie A's recent history. They initially played together at Brescia and later became the team's leaders at Inter from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s, while they were supported defensively by Gianpiero Marini, Gabriele Oriali, and Giuseppe Baresi.

Paragraph 25: In need of a statement game, the 49ers traveled to Seattle for a Thursday Night Football game against their division rivals. During the broadcast on NFL Network, Cris Collinsworth noted that if he were starting an NFL franchise, he would have taken the Broncos rookie quarterback Jay Cutler before Alex Smith and fellow rookies Matt Leinart and Vince Young – and that Smith was not even close to the others. Going into the 4th quarter, the 49ers were trailing the Seahawks 7–3, and pulling out a win looked unlikely. Smith however performed brilliantly in the fourth quarter, and drove the 49ers on a long touchdown drive down the field early, taking a narrow 10–7 lead. Late in the quarter, with the same score, Smith struck again – shaking off an almost certain sack, rolling to the left and completing a pass to Frank Gore for a touchdown to give the 49ers a 10-point lead. On the next drive, Smith cemented the victory by leading yet another touchdown drive, and rushing for a touchdown on a naked bootleg. Collinsworth had earlier in the game observed that "Alex Smith is the best I've ever seen him. That drive is the best I saw," and on seeing his touchdown run, commented "What a second-half he has had!"

Paragraph 26: The song was also listed at the top of many lists that included the band's best songs. Bill Lamb of About.com ranked the song at the top of the list, writing that "Even Backstreet Boys detractors sometimes admit this single is a gorgeous pop ballad. The quintet's pure singing skills often set them apart from pretenders to the boy band throne." Emily Exton of VH1 chose the song, among twenty, as the best Backstreet Boys song, writing that, "It doesn’t take weeks of phoning Carson Daly to know that this the 1999 monster smash is the quintessential modern pop ballad, propelling the genre and the state of the boy band into the 21st century. There’s call and response, human emotion, and allusions to fire even Charli XCX can't resist." Danielle Sweeney of TheCelebrityCafe.com also listed "I Want It That Way" at number one, calling it "Quite possibly the greatest pop song of all time. If not, it’s at least BSB’s greatest song of all time." The song was ranked number 10 on MTV/Rolling Stone list of the "100 Greatest Pop Songs of All Time" in 2000. VH1 listed the song at number three on "The 100 Greatest Songs of the '90s", and number 61 on 100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years in June 2003. Blender ranked at number 16 on their 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born list. In 2017, ShortList's Dave Fawbert listed the song as containing "one of the greatest key changes in music history". In November 2021, the music video reached one billion views on YouTube, joining Guns N' Roses "November Rain", Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit", 4 Non Blondes' "What's Up?", The Cranberries' "Zombie", and Whitney Houston's "I Will Always Love You" as a small handful of 1990's songs to surpass that mark.

Paragraph 27: On June 27 3.0 picked up their first point by defeating F.I.S.T. (Chuck Taylor and Icarus) and followed that up with a victory over the Super Smash Bros. (Player Uno and Player Dos) on August 28. The following day 3.0 defeated the House of Truth (Christian Abel and Josh Raymond) to earn their third point and first shot at the Campeonatos de Parejas. Parker and Matthews received their shot at the following event on September 18, 2010, in a Chikara tradition, a Two Out of Three Falls match, against the defending champions, Ares and Claudio Castagnoli of the Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK). BDK won the first fall in quick fashion thanks to a pre-match assault from BDK member Delirious. However, Parker managed to tie the score by pinning Castagnoli with a flash roll-up, the first time BDK had dropped a fall in their title matches. Despite having the entire Chikara locker room by ringside cheering 3.0 on, BDK managed to win the third fall, when Castagnoli forced Matthews to submit with the Inverted Chikara Special, and retained the Campeonatos de Parejas. 3.0. earned another three points on February 20, 2011, in a four-way elimination tag team match, after eliminating Los Ice Creams (El Hijo del Ice Cream and Ice Cream Jr.), but lost the points after being eliminated themselves by BDK members Daizee Haze and Delirious, after a distraction from the UnStable (Vin Gerard and STIGMA), from whom Parker and Matthews had earned their second point the previous day. For the 2011 King of Trios, 3.0 came together with El Generico to form ¡3.0lé!. On April 15, the team was eliminated from the tournament in the first round by The Osirian Portal (Amasis, Hieracon and Ophidian). On May 21, 3.0 ended their three-month-long feud with the UnStable by defeating them in a tag team match, where the losing team had to split up. In early 2012, 3.0 earned another shot at the Campeonatos de Parejas by picking up three points with victories over The Bravado Brothers (Harlem and Lancelot), BDK (Jakob Hammermeier and Tim Donst) and the Throwbacks (Dasher Hatfield and Mark Angelosetti). On March 24 in Vaughan, Ontario, 3.0 defeated F.I.S.T. (Chuck Taylor and Icarus) in the main event of Chikara's first ever event in Canada to become the new Campeones de Parejas. On April 29, 3.0 lost the Campeonatos de Parejas back to F.I.S.T. in their first title defense, ending the team's reign at just 36 days. Following their title loss, 3.0 started feuding with the Bravado Brothers, who were blamed for injuring Parker's rib prior to the loss. The rivalry built to a grudge match on June 23, where 3.0 was victorious, earning their second point in the process. Also in June, 3.0 began regularly teaming with Gran Akuma in six man tag team matches. On August 17, 3.0 earned their third point by eliminating Arik Cannon and Darin Corbin from a four tag team elimination match. However, later that same match, the Bravado Brothers eliminated 3.0, costing their rival team all of their points and a match for the Campeonatos de Parejas. On September 14, 3.0 and Gran Akuma entered the 2012 King of Trios tournament, but were eliminated in their first round match by The Batiri (Kobald, Kodama and Obariyon).

Paragraph 28: Over the late 18th and early 19th century, Highland society had changed greatly.  On the eastern fringes of the Highlands, most arable land was divided into family farms with  employing crofters (with some land held in their own right, insufficient on its own to give them an adequate living) and cottars (farm workers with no land of their own, sometimes sub-let a small patch of land by their employer or a crofter). The economy had become assimilated to that of the Lowlands, whose proximity allowed and encouraged a diverse agriculture.  Proximity to the Lowlands had also led to a steady drain of population from these areas. In the Western Isles and the adjacent mainland developments had been very different. Chieftains who had become improving landlords had found livestock-grazing (generally sheep, sometimes cattle) the most remunerative form of agriculture; to accommodate this they had moved their tenants to coastal townships where they hoped valuable industries could be developed and established an extensive crofting system (see Highland Clearances).  Croft sizes were set low to encourage the tenantry to participate in the industry (e.g. fishing, kelp ) the landlord wished to develop.  A contemporary writer thought that a crofter would have to do work away from his holding for 200 days a year if his family were to avoid destitution.   The various industries the crofting townships were supposed to support mostly prospered in the first quarter of the 19th century (drawing workers over and above the originally intended population of townships) but declined or collapsed over its second quarter.  The crofting areas were correspondingly impoverished, but able to sustain themselves by a much greater reliance on potatoes (it was reckoned that one acre growing potatoes could support as many people as four acres growing oats).  Between 1801 and 1841 the population in the crofting area increased by over half, whereas in the eastern and southern Highlands the increase in the same period was under 10 percent. Consequently, immediately pre-blight, whilst mainland Argyll had over  of arable land per inhabitant, there was only  of arable land per head in Skye and Wester Ross: in the crofting area, as in Ireland, the population had grown to levels which only a successful potato harvest could support.

Paragraph 29: The imperial palace site is located in eastern part of the Nankin city. Nanjing Museum is beside it. The observatory site is located on the Qintian Mountain (or Jiming Mountain) in middle north. Gulou Square, lying at the foot of the mountain, is the city center. Not far from Gulou, near the east-west trend ridge from the mountain to  Stone Mountain (or Qingliang Mountain), there are many cultural institutions, and also universities and colleges, most of which have added new campuses outside the city in recent years. Xinjiekou, another city center, is a typical central business district, with numerous businesses including various financial firms, stores, restaurants, hotels, entertainment places concentrated there. Several big hospitals are located near Gulou - Xinjiekou area. Presidential Palace is also in the area. The southern area is called Chengnan (城南, the city southern parts), or sometimes called Lao Chengnan (Old Chengnan). Lao Chengnan may also refer to people that have lived in Chengnan for generations and speak old Nankin accent. Many old buildings remain in Chengnan, especially the historical architectures centered on Fuzimiao. Branches of Qinhuai River flow through the city and along the city wall.

Paragraph 30: The CAW (now known as Unifor) has attempted several times to organize TMMC. TMMC Assistant General Manager and spokesman Greig Mordue stated  "Our team members will decide whether or not a union best reflects their interest... At this point in time, we don't think they have anything to gain from a union", and described the defeat of the CAW drive saying "Our team members have recognized that a third party represents a complication they don't need." Despite this, however, the CAW supported Mordue as the (unsuccessful) Liberal candidate in the 2006 federal election instead of endorsing the NDP's Zoe Kunschner. Team Members have cited poor health and safety conditions as a major reason for seeking union representation. In August 2014, Unifor announced it was withdrawing an application with the Ontario Labour Relations Board to become the bargaining agent for Toyota employees, and called off a vote to unionize the Woodstock and Cambridge plants.