Paragraph 1: In the following years, the FLB carried out attacks against administrative structures, such as electrical installations, police barracks and statues—mainly by bombing them. The number of attacks peaked in 1968. However, the FLB ensured that no physical injuries or deaths would result from their attacks, which they wished to remain purely symbolic. In this they followed the model of the earlier group Gwenn ha du. They thus gained a reputation in the international community as the "smiling terrorists." There are even reports that the only two known FLB victims during this period were two FLB members themselves, who were killed while trying to defuse a bomb they were afraid may hurt civilians.

Paragraph 2: Gautham and Devika are the lovebirds of the group, with Gautham's talent in western music being the spark kindling the relationship. While Gautham is no longer interested in western music and wish to pursue Hindustani classical music; he is forced to mask that part of his identity from Devika for the fear of how her reaction will be. Diya with her lovely nature had been the fascination of Akshay's dreams for a long time, which is known to everyone, except her. The lively nature of Diya had attracted many others in the past (including Varun, known only to Kuppi), who obviously confess their feelings only to get turned down as she never adds a different colour to her friendships. Akshay, being apprehensive, never wishes to do the same and hopes that she likes him on her own terms. He never even talks to her and his friends recommend that he can never pray for a better chance than their first year IV. Akshay is also hunted by many fears including fear of water, fear of heights, among others; but the worst one being his fear of future, as he is often being compared with his successful elder brother, Akash, who set the standards too high. Varun had earlier confessed his feelings to Diya, who rejected the proposal hoping to remain friends. With a feeling of insult, he couldn't do that anymore, leading him to his familiar trait of anger and distant nature. He even remains hostile to another classmate who has a crush on him. The girl, on various occasions, tries to approach him, but each time he dispassionately avoids her. In spite of his cold attitude, he is respected among his friends and classmates alike for his discipline and efficiency. He is often too detached from the group carrying on with his responsibilities, that it comes to the notice of even their bus driver, Josettan. Diya, whose parents just got divorced joins the trip as an escape from her distress. She doesn't reveal about the divorce to her dear friends – Devika and Darshana or any others for the fear of their sympathy, which can make the situation even more difficult on her. She easily manages to hide her secrets in her cheerful semblance. Kuppi's only intention coming for the IV was to have a good time with his three best friends, which is often denied due to the occurrences around him. Darshana, a reserved person by nature, thinks the world of her friends, being a silent partner in all their activities and a curious observer to all the happenings around them. Her only outlet of emotions is her sketchbook that she holds dear and private.

Paragraph 3: Korda took charge of her career after this point and brought her to Hollywood, where he set her asking price at $50,000 per film. However, as Duprez had not yet achieved the level of popularity in the United States that she had in the United Kingdom, this tactic placed her out of contention for most roles. When she was released from Korda's contract, she appeared in low-budget fare, such as They Raid by Night (1942), Little Tokyo, U.S.A. (1942), and Tiger Fangs (1943). Clifford Odets' grim None But the Lonely Heart (1944), in which she co-starred with Cary Grant and Ethel Barrymore, started a brief return to films of higher production values. Duprez joined an ensemble cast in René Clair's film version of Agatha Christie's And Then There Were None (1945). The same year, she appeared opposite John Loder in The Brighton Strangler. In the Calcutta (1947), she starred with Alan Ladd, Gail Russell, and William Bendix.

Paragraph 4: Bampton Fair only began to be well known for the sale of ponies when in 1856, Frederick Knight began selling his ponies at the fair. Exmoor Ponies used to be rounded up on the moors during the so-called Autumn Drift and driven by road to be sold at the fair. After being driven from the moors via Dulverton and Exebridge, the ponies were brought to an old  orchard behind the Tiverton Hotel (now called the Quarryman's Rest) where they were kept in wooden pens. The auction ring was a small round pen nearby. Large numbers of fair-goers would pay an entrance fee to see the pony pens. In 1979, the Dartmoor Preservation Society wrote to the RSPCA about suspected cruelty to the ponies at the fair. Then in 1984, a meeting was held between the RSPCA inspectors, vets and the council. A number of recommendations were made to improve the welfare of the ponies, although the meeting did reach a consensus that the fair was more trouble free than any other. At the end of the 1984 fair the RSPCA were satisfied with the way the fair was organised and in 1985 Bampton again received no official complaints about the pony fair.  However, the RSPCA and the auctioneers did request a number of improvements to the way ponies were loaded onto lorries and repairs to some of the pens. While alternative sites were offered to hold the sales, the council was unwilling to spend the money needed to fulfil the obligations for an event which was only held once a year. The Ministry of Agriculture and Devon County Council were asked for help but none was provided. From 2004 to 2013, farm-tackle, Exmoor ponies and other livestock were auctioned as part of the Fair again, a little way out of town, at Luttrell Quarry. However, due to a reduction in demand for pony sales and Luttrell Farm becoming unavailable for the auction this has ended.

Paragraph 5: Lambert wanted Robin Blick to lead the Bulletin Group as open supporters of the OCRFI, with parallel entry work in the Labour Party, where the Vince-Stratford wing and the Archers already worked as entrists. The grouping around Blick and Jenkins were holding secret caucus meetings within the Bulletin Group and moving away from support for the OCI. Harry Vince left the Bulletin Group and moved to Ireland in 1975, where he joined the League for a Workers Republic. Mark Jenkins and then Robin Blick, along with most of their supporters, such as Tom Hillier, Nick Peck and Robin Brown, began to question Trotskyism-Leninism from about 1976 and left the Bulletin Group over a period. Robin and Karen Blick developed 'anti-Soviet' politics and were later founders of the Polish Solidarity Campaign. Kate Blakeney moved to Australia and was active in the USec (United Secretariat of the Fourth International) affiliate there for a time. John and Mary Archer remained loyal to the OCRFI-Lambert, but hostile to Betty Hamilton and Ken Stratford. They regrouped some newer student members centred on Marcus Giaquinto and John Ford (now academics), who had never been members of the SLL-WRP, with other members in Reading, Swindon and Norwich and kept the name Bulletin Group. Some of them engaged in entrist work in the Labour Party.  They continued with the publication of the Bulletin until 1977 but its influence on the SLL had fast diminished after the Thornett group split and it had many internal tensions. Betty Hamilton, Ken Stratford, Regis Faugier and their associates formed a separate British Committee for the Reconstruction of the Fourth International. The two small groupings were both affiliated to the Lambert OCRFI but had little relations with each other. In 1979 Vince moved back from Ireland at Lambert's request and the two groups joined to form a new grouping, which called itself the Socialist Labour Group (SLG). This was enlarged in 1981 by a merger with some supporters of Nahuel Moreno from the IMG, including Mike Phipps (now an editorial board member of Labour Left Briefing), and the SLG affiliated to the Parity Committee for the Reconstruction of the Fourth International when that was formed.

Paragraph 6: The area of modern Choszczno County was inhabited going back to at least the 5th century BC; Germanic peoples lived in the area around 1 AD, and no later than the 7th century it was settled by Slavs. A defensive gród and most likely a trading settlement was at the site of modern Choszczno. In the years 963–967 the Polish ruler Mieszko I incorporated the area into Piast Poland, though because it was on the border of Poland, towards the end of the 11th century the ties with the central authority of the Polish dukes became looser. Control of the Polish rulers over the Choszczno area was reestablished in 1122 by Bolesław III Wrymouth. After his death and the resulting Feudal fragmentation of Poland among his descendants, the region passed to the Mieszko III the Old of the Duchy of Greater Poland. Under Wrymouth, the region had been included within the Greater Polish castellanies of Drzeń (Drezdenko, Driesen) and Santok (Zantoch), with the area around modern Choszczno belonging to the northernmost part of the latter. Thus, this area was the northwesternmost portion of the Polish state, and its history departed from that of Western Pomerania which it bordered. The castellans of Drzeń and Santok however exerted direct control only in the core areas of their castellanies, i.e., the area around the Warta and Notec rivers, while the areas in the north were administered by a local Pomeranian tributary nobility. Quote: "Seit den Eroberungen Boleslaw Krzywoustys in der ersten Hälfte des 12. Jahrhunderts gehörte das Land zwischen Oder und Drage zum großpolnischen Herrschaftsgebiet, und zwar zu den Kastellaneien Zantoch (Santok) und Driesen (Drzen bzw. Drezdenko). Diese unterteilten sich jeweils in ein Kerngebiet um die Kastellaneiburg, das vom Kastellan selbst verwaltet und beherrscht wurde, und in weiter entfernt gelegene, aber von ihr abhängige Landschaften, die einheimischen, pomoranischen Stammes- oder Landesfürsten unterstanden, die den großpolnischen Herzögen gegenüber tributpflichtig waren. Die Bewohner des Landes waren überwiegend pomoranischer Abstammung. Die Kastellanei Zantoch umfaßte damals hauptsächlich das Warthebruch von der Burg flußabwärts bis zur Einmündung des Vietzer Fließes und in ihrer nördlichen Hälfte die beiden Landsberger Grundmoränenplatten, soweit diese schon besiedelt waren."

Paragraph 7: In Christianity, the term "unconditional love" can be used to indicate God's love for a person irrespective of that person. This comes from the concept of God sending His only Son, Jesus Christ down from heaven to earth to die on a cross in order to take the punishment for all of humanity's sins. If someone chooses to believe in this, commonly called "The Gospel", then Jesus' price on the cross pays for their sins so they can freely enter into heaven, and not hell. The term is not explicitly used in the Bible, and advocates for God's conditional or unconditional love, using different passages or interpretations to support their point of view, are both encountered due to the different facets of God's nature. The cross is a clear indicator of God's unconditional love in that there is no way to earn one's way to heaven, one must simply believe. In all other religions cited below, there is a conditional striving to achieve a sense of unconditional love, based on one's own efforts and understanding. In Christianity, it all depends on Jesus, not the person's effort nor understanding. A passage in scriptures cites this "For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God—" Ephesians 2:8,9, NIV. God's discipline can be viewed as conditional based on people's choices, but His actual love through Jesus is unconditional, and this is where some may become confused. His salvation is a free gift, but His discipline, which is shaping of good character, can look more conditional. Ultimately, knowing God and free passage to heaven have already been supplied by a God of unconditional love, one can simply choose to believe in order to receive such love. The civil rights leader and Pastor, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was quoted as saying "I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality".

Paragraph 8: Hewett began the 1893 season in good form, reaching his half-century in each of his first three matches for the county, including a total of 94 against Oxford University in late May. Hewett missed most of the match against Kent shortly after, returning to Taunton due to the death of his brother-in-law, during which time George Wood replaced him as a substitute. In July 1893, the touring Australians played Somerset at Taunton for the first time since 1882, when both the ground and the county team were barely established. After the success of the 1892 season, and because talented, Australian-born Sammy Woods was playing for Somerset, the match was eagerly anticipated. Thousands arrived in Taunton for the match, but after overnight torrential rain, the umpires inspected the pitch at 11:00 and abandoned play for the day. In his history of the county club, Roebuck suggest that they may have been put under pressure by the Australians or by Hewett himself. The Somerset fans and members were angry at the decision, but the Australians packed picnic baskets and after exchanging strong words with the locals, departed for the Quantock Hills. Hewett, along with Woods and Vernon Hill, arranged to play golf in Minehead. The crowd continued to show their dismay at the decision, and eventually the Somerset officials asked the umpires to take another look at the ground. Woods supported this decision in his reminiscences, claiming that "the decision not to play was premature." At 14:00, after their second inspection, the umpires retracted their previous decision and announced that play could start. Hewett reacted angrily, and argued unsuccessfully against the decision with the Somerset committee. The Australian players were recalled from their picnic, and play began at 16:00, although neither team particularly wanted to play. Roebuck recorded that "Hewett, in particular, was in high dudgeon and... he threw away his wicket for 12 runs, having been dropped once." David Foot offered a more tempered opinion, saying simply that Hewett's "mind wasn't on the game." No play was possible on the second day, and on the third, Australia won the match by six wickets. Hewett felt let down by the Somerset committee, who he felt had undermined his authority, prompting him to say that "if a captain can't lead at Taunton, this is no place for him." Although friends thought he was overreacting, he declared that he would resign from the captaincy and the club at the end of the season. Both Foot and Roebuck suggested that Hewett reacted in an over-sensitive and extreme manner, but that his lack of self-control may have limited his long-term captaincy prospects.

Paragraph 9: In 1908 he won the gold medal in the freestyle middleweight class. He also competed in the Greco-Roman middleweight competition but was eliminated in the first round. Bacon moved to Kenya in autumn 1909 and returned to England in January 1912. He competed for the British olympic team again in 1912, but he was eliminated in the second round of the Greco-Roman middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics. In 1920 he was eliminated in the second round of the freestyle middleweight competition. From 1921 to 1922 Bacon was an advisor to the Olympic committee of the Second Polish Republic and Czechoslovakia. Several of the wrestlers he trained competed for Czechoslovakia at the 1924 Summer Olympics. He also served as an advisor to Wacław Okulicz-Kozaryn who competed for Poland at the 1924 Summer Olympics. In summer 1925 he moved to Kenya, living on a ranch that was only a few miles from Thomson's Falls. While in Kenya, Bacon maintained a written correspondence with his colleagues in the British athletic community, as well as with his friends in Poland and Czechoslovakia. In 1928 Bacon travelled to the Netherlands to be a judge at the 1928 Summer Olympics. During the late 1920s and early 1930s, Bacon was neighbors in Kenya with fellow Olympic gold medalist Ronald Rawson, who had a small ranch a few miles away from him. Bacon lived in Kenya from 1921 until March 1938, when he returned to England to attend the funeral of two family members. Upon returning to England he followed the events leading up to the German occupation of Czechoslovakia with great alarm. He was "mortified" by the Munich Agreement, and he became an early supporter of Duff Cooper and Winston Churchill over the issue, however, at the time this made him an outlier, as the Munich Agreement was largely popular in Britain when it occurred. Bacon supported Britain's declaration of war against Nazi Germany in response to the Nazi invasion of Poland. He stayed in England throughout the duration of the war. After the war he found the Soviet occupation of Eastern Europe "terrifying" and he closely followed events such as the rise of communist rule in Poland. In January 1947 he moved back to Kenya, once again living not far from Thomson's Falls, though this time at a different property. While in Kenya, Bacon tried to remain in contact with his friends in Poland, Czechoslovakia and Britain, however, political developments in Poland and Czechoslovakia made this difficult. Bacon lost contact with all of his friends in Czechoslovakia after the 1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état. In late 1948 he said it was "clear to him" that "communism was the greatest threat to the world." In August 1952 he was advised to return to England after having health complications relating to his heart, and he did so; nonetheless he died in England that October at the age of 67.

Paragraph 10: The conversation now continues shifting from the lodge to Manja's home itself. After celebrating their freedom from the lodge with alcoholism that night they find themselves again captive within the house due to the help of the local inspector who assists Gowri to tackle Manja's unyielding ways. Naani then talks about the plot of his film, which was seemingly ignored by the producer with whom he had placed his trust upon (and for the reason with which he ended up being captive in the lodge). Manja, hearing of the simple story of Dr Rajkumar's pledged eyes and how they were now seeing a world through another person, is taken aback and applauds Naani for such a heartwarming plot and how the -Annavru-'s fans would welcome such a movie. He motivates Naani with all success if Naani ever made the film by taking out his mother's prized 50 rupee note from the cupboard and giving it to Naani. He tells Naani that it was considered as a lucky charm to any person that received it. He also happens to find a note in the cupboard that Gowri leaves behind (after her inability to tell him personally that night due to his inebriated state) to Manja conveying that she was now carrying and that he would soon become a father. Manja's personality suddenly defines a change after reading the news. He is unable to express his joy, apart from sharing it with Naani, at that moment being locked in his home. He tries calling Gowri but he doesn't get her on-line. In the midst of all this, there concocts a life turning situation for Manja at that moment. His wife returns home struck in pain. Gowri had killed the developing child in her womb due to the burdensome worry which she concluded that she wasn't in a state to be able to maintain and grow a child while having such a lackluster and incapable husband. She perceived that it was best for the child to not come to life and face a deteriorated lifestyle. Naani leaves the house expressing his ill-timed presence in the development of such an event. Manja is clipped between a moment of where he faced fresh joy like he had not known for a long long time where he believed that the child, who would be his Lakshmi (the Goddess of wealth), would change his life for the better and to another moment that his 'Lakshmi' would not be happening. In his state of hopelessness, he threatens Gowri as to what rights she held to kill his child. Gowri is throbbing in pain to be able to reply to his questions. In this delusion of Manja, Lakshmi -the unborn child, appears to him and speaks to him as to how ill-fated she would have been to have been born as a daughter to such a father. Lakshmi says that Gowri, her mother, did not kill her and that Manja, her father, killed her and suggests to him that he could celebrate this occasion with his friends by drinking along with them. Manja's remorse knows no bounds. He reflects back Lakshmi's words to Gowri and says to his wife that neither his own parents nor his own wife or any of his gurus could ever be a guru to him, but the unborn dead child which will never happen in his existence was his ultimate guru to his final immediate realization of the value of life.

Paragraph 11: Any prehistoric history is obscure, and artefactual finds have not been recorded locally. Although Wyver was not described in the 1086 Domesday Survey commissioned by the king of the period William the Conqueror, land in the surrounding areas of the Derwent at Shottle and Bradley was held pre-conquest by Gamal and Siward respectively, and both afterwards by Henry de Ferrers. Bradley was an earlier name for the manor of Belper, and more widely was also used to refer to the Wyver region. In 1266, the estates of Robert de Ferrers, 6th Earl of Derby, a protagonist in the Second Barons' War, were confiscated by Henry III, and granted to his son the Earl of Leicester, known as Edmund Crouchback. From that period it remained in the hands of the Duchy of Lancaster which was a private holding of future monarchs, and became part of the Duffield Frith royal forest, within its Duffield (sometimes called Chevin) ward. The area was by medieval times in the Appletree hundred, within Duffield ancient parish and Belper chapelry. An early form of the Wyver name first used in 1387 within documents of the estate, including Wybald(e)shagh and Wibald(e)shagh. The area remained occasionally referred to under this ownership through into the 17th century, and was considered during this period to be waste. In 1633, to maximise income to the Crown from unused royal forests, efforts were made to disafforest the Frith by means of land surveys, subsequent enclosure and the apportionment of plots to locals, although resistance from them due to concerns around the quantity and quality of the final plots caused Parliament to abandon the process and revert the Chevin ward to commons until 1786 when it was revisited and completed. From 1777 Jedediah Strutt, who was an associate of Richard Arkwright of Cromford Mill fame, began to purchase plots to develop cotton mills in Belper to the east of the Derwent, and also obtained land that controlled the river, including the Wyver area then being called Little Chevin. The Strutts country house, Bridge Hill was built in 1793-1795 and obtained stone from a number of local places, including Scotches quarry and others in Wyver. The Strutts dammed the River Derwent to help channel water to power the mill, and to avoid overflow, the riverbank alongside Wyver was raised. By the late 1820s, the family owned the vast majority of Wyver, except some land to the west and housing at the start of Wyver Lane. A windmill was in place during the 1800s along the lane, it is thought it was used to pump water from springs in the vicinity to Belper for residents. The North Midland Railway was built along the eastern edge of Wyver from 1838 and the line was opened in 1840.

Paragraph 12: In John Rocque's map of 1756, today's Shelbourne Road and Upper Grand Canal Street, from which it extends, appear together as Beggars' Bush Road. Wilson's Plan of 1793 shows that Beggars' Bush Road has become known as Artichoke Road. Some sources attribute this change of name to John Villiboise, a French Huguenot, who had obtained a 99-year lease on 1 rood of land from Richard 5th Viscount Fitzwilliam in 1736 and who planted artichokes on the land adjoining his house. This house, located in the vicinity of today's Holles Street, became known as Artichoke House and eventually the road became known as Artichoke Road. In William Duncan's map of 1821, the district known as Beggars' Bush is a rather ill-defined area that seems to coincide more or less with the area of land now occupied by Lansdowne Road's rugby stadium and the houses to its west. Later ordnance survey maps give the precise size and boundaries for Beggars Bush: it is an area of 116 acres, 2 roods and 21 perches bounded on the east by the Dodder from the bridge at Ballsbridge to the bridge at Ringsend; on the north by Ringsend Road from Ringsend bridge to South Lotts Road; on the south-west by South Lotts Road to Beggars Bush Road (Shelbourne Road); from Shelbourne Road to Lansdowne Road; the boundary then runs south-west on Lansdowne Road alongside Trinity College's botanical gardens and turns south on Pembroke Road to join the bridge at Ballsbridge. Old street directories show that the name Artichoke Road was still in use in the 1860s, but that the numbering of houses ran in the opposite direction from that currently employed - for example, No. 2 Artichoke Road corresponds to No. 68 Shelbourne Road; No. 3 Artichoke Road corresponds to No. 66 Shelbourne Road, and so on.

Paragraph 13: The prospect of completing a bike route across the park re-emerged in the 1990s when the Park was required to come up with a General Management Plan. The 1990 Paved Trails plan recommended completing the trail (as well as increasing the clearance below Klingle Road; widening and repaving the trail; adding new connections at Piney Branch and Blagden; and replacing the low-water crossing at Porter). In 1991, a loosely knit, cyclist-dominated group called "Auto-Free DC" renewed the push to ban automobile traffic on Beach Drive. They suggested limited road closures to discourage commuters, but allow access to most locations in the park by car. When NPS failed to take up their suggestion, the group led a series of "rolling road block" protests which aimed to peaceably draw attention to the cause by disrupting rush hour traffic. Nonetheless, the protests led to some confrontations and arrests, and at one point the Military Road Bridge was graffitied with anti-automobile slogans. In 1996 NPS initiated a federally-mandated General Management Plan for the park. In June 1997 NPS laid out several management alternatives, one of which would improve and expand the paved multi-use trails and add a new trail along Wise, with the police substation converted to a visitor center and bicycle rental facility. Another alternative suggested that sections of Beach Drive be permanently closed and converted into a wide multi-use trail and that Wise Road, Sherrill Drive, Bingham Drive, Grant Road, and Blagden Avenue be converted to paved trails. Both of these alternatives were less popular than the status quo. An additional alternative created by the People's Alliance for Rock Creek (PARC), a group consisting of the Washington Area Bicyclists Association, the Sierra Club, Friends of the Earth and 18 other advocacy groups, suggested making Beach Drive auto-free north of Broad Branch as a means of completing the trail envisioned in 1965. In 2003, in an attempt to appease both groups, NPS proposed extending the weekend closures of Beach Drive to weekdays from 9:30 am to 3:30 pm. The proposal was one of several, but was the "preferred alternative." The plan had popular support, but no political support. Mayor Anthony Williams who had supported closure as a candidate, opposed it as mayor, citing the need to evacuate in a post-9/11 world. In May 2004, NPS proposed instead to only close the section from Joyce to Broad Branch, but again found opposition among politicians. So, in November 2005, NPS finalized their management plan which included no further road closures, the prospect of lowering speed limits and adding speed bumps, and improvements to the trail south of Broad Branch. However, speed limits were never reduced and no traffic calming was ever implemented. The 2005 District of Columbia Bicycle Plan only called for "an improved bicycle connection" between Broad Branch and the Maryland line, but, despite this and the Park's management plan, the District's 2013 MoveDC Multi-modal transportation plan proposed a future trail on this section.

Paragraph 14: The rakali is a predominantly carnivorous species, feeding on a variety of aquatic animals including fish, crustaceans, shellfish, small birds, eggs, mammals, frogs, and reptiles. In winter, when resources are limited, they will also feed on plants. A mostly nocturnal species, they search for their food at dusk; guided by sight while in the water, and hunting at the water’s edge with the apparent memory of previous catches’ locations. They can also exhibit crepuscular habits, being found swimming and feeding in the early morning and evening. The animal does not tolerate low temperatures well, so they prefer terrestrial prey in winter over the aquatic species. They also spend longer winter periods in the warmth of their burrows. A relatively new addition to their diet is, specifically, the heart and liver of the toxic cane toad, in regions where the toads have moved into their territory. The rakali have naturally figured out how to avoid the toad’s poisonous shoulder glands by flipping them onto their backs for ease of dispatch. They are,  seemingly, unaffected by any poisonous secretions on the toads’ skin which they may inadvertently ingest. This makes the rakali one of the very few natural defenses in the fight to contain the cane toad’s population boom and spreading westward. Since the early twentieth century (when cane toads were blindly introduced to supposedly control sugar cane beetles on farms), the toads in Australia have multiplied from an initial 100 animals to as many as 100 million. Their poisonous skin secretions (which the eggs and tadpoles contain as well) can kill a dog or cat, and have contributed to the decline of several species of Australian reptiles, mammals, fish, and birds.

Paragraph 15: Arthur Pue Gorman (March 11, 1839June 4, 1906) was an American politician. He was leader of the Gorman-Rasin organization with Isaac Freeman Rasin that controlled the Maryland Democratic Party from the late 1870s until his death in 1906. Gorman served as United States Senator from Maryland from 1881 to 1899 and again from 1903 until his death. He was a prominent leader of the Bourbon Democrat faction of the Democratic Party. Gorman was Chairman of the Democratic National Committee during Grover Cleveland's 1884 Presidential campaign and he is widely credited with securing Cleveland's victory. In 1952 Gorman was described in The Baltimore Sun as "easily the most powerful political figure [Maryland] has ever known."

Paragraph 16: M-55/M-76 ran west into Roscommon County along West Branch Road. The two highways separated at a junction with St. Helen Road where M-76 turned due north toward St. Helen. South of town, the highway met county road F-97 at a junction with Artesia Beach Road. The two roads ran concurrently into town along the east end of Lake St. Helen. Near the airport in town, M-76 turned back northwesterly along Washington Street, parting from F-97 in the process. The highway ran along the northeastern shore of Lake St. Helen and near Mud Lake as it continued toward Roscommon. As it entered that town, the trunkline passed the Roscommon Conservation Airport and followed Elm Street on a northwest track through the middle of the village. M-18 joined M-76 in the center of town, and the two turned parallel to the Roscommon–Crawford county line on Federal Highway. Northeast of Higgins Lake, the highway transitioned to a freeway; that freeway ran northwest into Crawford County. M-18/M-76 terminated at a junction south of Grayling with US 27. This partial interchange marked the point where I-75 resumed its course north through the state. Traffic could not directly access southbound US 27 from northbound M-76 and northbound US 27 could not access southbound M-76.

Paragraph 17: The film is based on the 1961 novel by Leo Rosten. It was loosely based on the World War II experiences of Rosten's close friend Ralph Greenson, M.D., while Greenson was a captain in the Army Medical Corps supporting the U.S. Army Air Forces and stationed at Yuma Army Airfield in Yuma, Arizona. Greenson is well known for his work on "empathy" and was one of the first in his field to seriously associate posttraumatic stress disorder (years before that terminology was developed) with wartime experiences. He was a director of the Los Angeles Psychoanalytic Institute and was a practicing Freudian. Greenson is perhaps best known for his patients, who included Marilyn Monroe, Frank Sinatra, Tony Curtis and Vivien Leigh.

Paragraph 18: Morgan signed a five-year contract worth $12 million for the first two years, $7.5 million of which guaranteed, and the last three years voidable by the Washington Redskins on March 13, 2012. By the start of the 2012 season, he was named the second starting wide receiver opposite of Pierre Garçon after competing with Leonard Hankerson for the starting flanker position. In Week 2 against the St. Louis Rams, he was penalized for unsportsmanlike conduct during the Redskins' two-minute drive attempt in the fourth quarter to tie with or beat the Rams. After catching a pass on a third down and being tackled by Cortland Finnegan, Finnegan shoved Morgan while he was getting up and put his hand in Morgan's face. Morgan reacted by throwing the ball at Finnegan and the Redskins were then given a 15-yard penalty. Redskins kicker Billy Cundiff then attempted a 62-yard field goal on fourth down, missing and leaving the final score 31-28. Morgan was later fined $7,875 by the NFL for the penalty. On a play where Robert Griffin III rushed for 12 yards, the ball popped into the air as he was tackled, Morgan caught the ball and ran it 13 yards for a touchdown in the Week 13 win over the New York Giants. In the next game against the Baltimore Ravens, he scored his first receiving touchdown of the season.

Paragraph 19: 1837, June: Fese's Ashitla-Tilitl campaign: Akhmet Khan of Mekhtuli (?modern Dzhengutai, 33 km E), the temporary ruler of the Avar Khanate, fearing Shamil, arranged for the Russians to occupy Khunzakh. On 29 May 5000 Russians reached Khunzakh from Temir-Khan-Shura, having taken 20 days and building a road as they went. On 5 June Fese left Khunzakh for Shamil's headquarters at Ashitla (9 km W on the Andi Koysu).  Untsukul submitted and on 8 June he was on the Betl plateau overlooking Ashitla.  Here he detached a battalion to deal with Tilitl (see below).   The next day they crossed the Betl River and came to Ashitla which was occupied by 2000 Murids. The village was taken by 2PM with a good deal of house-to-house fighting, but the Russian losses were only 28 killed and 156 wounded. They counted 87 enemy dead, but many were probably carried away. No prisoners were taken. Some Murids retreated north of the river and some east to Old Akhulgo where many were killed and 78 taken prisoner. The vineyards and orchards around Ashitla were devastated. A fresh horde of mountaineers, said to be 12,000, appeared near Igali and Fese, around the 15th, performed a "strategic movement to the rear", losing 7 officers and 160 men.   Meanwhile, Shamil was besieged in Tilitl (probably , 37 km S). On 7 June he had made a sortie, both sides losing about 300 men, which was a significant share of their forces.  Fese reached Tilitl on 26 June. Tilitl had 600 houses, nine towers, steep slopes on three sides and a cliff behind. The towers were soon blasted by artillery and a general assault was made on 5 July. Half the village was gained with much slaughter and Shamil sent envoys to treat for peace. An agreement was made that neither side would attack the other, which amounted to a Russian recognition of Shamil's sovereignty. Fese withdrew on the 7th and reached Khunzakh on the 10th. Fese's withdrawal at a point of near victory is explained by the condition of his army.  He had lost 1000 men, most of his horses and wagons, his soldiers needed boots and he was short of ammunition. Fese claimed he had won and Shamil presented his retreat as divine intervention.  Shamil went north, surveyed the ruins of Ashitla and set about building a stronger fort at Akhulgo (9 km NW on the Andi Koysu).

Paragraph 20: This time teaming up with a new classmate named Yoji (who prefers to be called Yo-Yoji), the three need to escape the grasp of their parents, and find the alchemist's grave. Cass convinces her grandparents to take her, Max-Ernest, and Yo-Yoji camping to find the homunculus. When they find the homunculus, they take it back to Terces, but it runs away when he finds out they don't have good food. Meanwhile, Amber gets to meet the Skelton Sisters, who are in cahoots with Midnight Sun, and they ask her to do something for her. Later that night, Amber is hidden in Cass' bushes, and Cass hears noises. She goes outside and plays the Sound Prism, thinking it's Mr. Cabbage Face. Amber records the song from the sound prism, which attracts the homunculus, and gives it to the Skelton Sisters. They play it at a concert, and end up trapping the homunculus and Cass. They end up back near Whisper Lake, where they went camping. The Midnight Sun took there because Lord Pharaoh's, the nasty man who created Mr. Cabbage Face, the homunculus, grave is there, and with it, all of his alchemist things, which is what Ms. Mauvais and Dr. L want in order to help their mission in receiving immortality. The Midnight Sun and Terces Society members engage in combat because the Midnight Sun had captured Cass and Mr. Cabbage Face, in the while Max-Ernest and Yo-Yoji are up on a mountain, with the Sound Prism and a whip. Their plan is to create a sonic boom with it, and make the mountain avalanche onto the Midnight Sun and seal the coffin in the ground. When a huge boulder falls off the mountain from the sonic boom, Cass and Mr. Cabbage Face, now freed, are trying their own efforts to put the coffin back in the grave, but Mr. Cabbage Face screams to Cass to get out of the way, because the boulder was heading towards her. He pushes her out of the way, and Mr. Cabbage Face gets crushed into the ground with the coffin. The homunculus dies, due to, and is sealed with his maker in that grave forever. Midnight Sun members disperse, not before Dr. L can have a nice chat (surprisingly) with his brother/old friend. At the end, Max-Ernest, Cass and Yo-Yoji take the Oath of Terces, created by the Jester, the homunculus' only friend 500 years ago, and Cass' real great, great, great, great... great grandfather.

Paragraph 21: Making their way through a forest, the three meet Gadwin, a beast-man and seasoned knight who sees potential in Justin and leads the three to the ancient Twin Towers in order to contact Liete again. After being intercepted by the Garlyle Forces once again, they make their escape, only for Sue to fall ill as they near another village. Fearing for her safety, Justin obtains a teleportation orb and lets Sue use it to return to Parm and continues onward with Gadwin and Feena to the bounds of the continent and yet another ocean. Justin then defeats Gadwin in a duel, the latter allowing Justin and Feena to have his boat, before leaving the party. Taking Gadwin's ship to another island, Justin and Feena begin to express their feelings for one another. Landing on a beach outside a beast-man village, the two meet Rapp, who asks them to help destroy a nearby tower that is emanating a dark energy and petrifying the land. Finding the tower to be controlled by the Garlyle Forces, the team meets with Milda, a beast-woman, inside and join her in destroying the source of the corruption, which turns out to be a plant-like creature known as "Gaia" being grown by Garlyle researchers under the orders of General Baal. After destroying the creature and taking a sample of its seeds, Justin is confronted by Leen who steals them back. Moving forward in search of Alent, the party meets a traveling merchant named Guido who leads them to his home town, where he acts as chieftain despite his young appearance, allowing them access to more ruins. It is here that Feena discovers innate magic powers that manifest in the form of wings when she is in trouble, and is promptly captured along with Justin's Spirit Stone by invading Garlyle soldiers and taken aboard Baal's flagship, the Grandeur. Baal reveals to her that he intends to revive a fully powered Gaia using the stone to take over the world and remake it to his own design. Justin, Rapp, and Guido manage to board the Grandeur and engage the Garlyle troops aboard before confronting Baal. Due to the self-destruct mechanism being activated by accident, the ship starts to fall apart, and Guido and Rapp end up getting separated from Justin, leaving him to face Baal alone. The general forces Justin to hand over the Spirit Stone by threatening Feena, but Baal keeps her hostage anyway. Justin therefore is forced to fight Baal, but learns during the fight that the madman had fused with Gaia. He knocks Justin off the burning ship, but Feena breaks free from Baal and dives after Justin. The Grandeur subsequently breaks apart in the air, apparently taking Baal and the Spirit Stone with it.

Paragraph 22: A specific feature of the Ural mining plants was the obligatory presence of a dam and a pond, which ensured the operation of factory mechanisms through water wheels. Therefore, mining plants were built in close proximity to ore deposits and the river. In a drought, when the water level in the navigable river decreased, the passage of ships was ensured by the synchronous discharge of water from several factory ponds located on the tributaries. The supply of charcoal was provided by the vast forest dachas assigned to the factories. The length of the dams of large factories reached 200–300 m and more (the largest dam of the Byngovsky plant was 695 m long), the width was 30–40 m, and the height was 6–10 m. Due to the climatic conditions of the Urals, it was necessary to maintain a large volume of water in the pond in order to avoid it freezing in the winter. The complete dependence of factories on the availability of water in the ponds led to frequent shutdowns of enterprises or their individual shops for a period of up to 200 days a year. To increase the water pressure, various methods were used: connecting ponds through channels with lakes or other ponds, replenishing ponds from high-mountain reservoirs through gutters. Another difference from European dams was the presence of pine or larch log cabins with valves to regulate the water level in the pond. A wide (up to 10 m and more) slot or "Veshnyak" served to let in excess water during spring floods or in summer after heavy rains. A narrower (about 2 m wide) working slot was intended to supply water to a water conduit - a wooden trough, which was laid along the entire length of the plant's territory and through which water was supplied by a system of wooden pipes and gutters to the impellers of numerous plant mechanisms. The dams of large factories had several slots. All production buildings were located along the working slots. At the same time, industries that required more energy to drive mechanisms were located closer to the dam. Directly behind the dam there was usually a blast-furnace shop, behind it - blast factories, further along the trough there were drilling, stacking, steel, armature and auxiliary factories. The blast furnace was connected to the dam by a bridge across which ore, coal and fluxes were delivered. Almost all the Ural mining plants of the 18th century had two blast furnaces in their composition; in the future, the number of furnaces could increase. Pig iron, as a rule, was sent to a blast factory, where it was processed into blast iron and pounded with hammers. At large factories, the number of hammers reached 8-13.

Paragraph 23: For their follow up, the mostly instrumental Axes, Electrelane once again returned to Steve Albini's studio in Chicago. In the first recording session for Axes, the band played through the entire album in one take. This reflected the band's desire to have listeners of the album experience the band's live show. Emma Gaze explained the album was recorded "the way we rehearse and practise: we all stand in a circle and it is very relaxed. Our previous recording experiences have been with the bass in one room, the drums in a different room, the two guitarists in a different room and then the vocals are done afterwards. Obviously it works like that because that is how most bands do it. But we just wanted it to sound more live; there is a different kind of energy that comes from playing in the same room." Verity Susman said that "We see the record as a continuous piece of music, not a collection of songs. It also reflects the way we improvise, moving from one idea to the next without a clear break. It's also how we play live." The album was released on 9 May 2005 to mixed, but generally positive, reviews.

Paragraph 24: Turrican II was developed using Rainbow Arts' custom development system titled Pegasus. Julian Eggbrecht, Turrican II's producer, expressed that a difficulty in the game's development was the game's scrolling conflicting with the game's desired frame rate, stating that "Action games consist of patterns of little bytes like a jigsaw and on 16-bit you waste a lot of time just by building up the screen. Hardly anyone has tried multidirectional in 50 frames before and at first we didn't think that it would work - most action adventures run in 25 frames or even 17 - but eventually, using a lot of tricks, we did it." Eggbrecht expressed that while the team wanted Turrican II to have 'arcade quality' graphics, he stated that the team tried to avoid "sacrifici[ing] presentation to playability", giving an example of world two having a lower frame rate and less parallax due to the high number of enemies on that level. The Atari ST version of Turrican II was programmed by Thomas Engel, who managed to get the game running at a 25 Hz frame rate with the same amount of parallax and sound effects as the Amiga version: Eggbrecht stated that this was achieved not through hardware scrolling techniques, but by "using eight buffers and by pre-shifting all the enemies in memory." Turrican II has 10 sampled speech sound effects, and the game's sound runs on four channels. Turrican II's sound and music was created by Chris Huelsbeck using Rainbow Art's custom sound utility TFMX; Huelsbeck stated that TFMX "allows you to modify [sounds] like a synthesiser", allowing greater audio editing. The Amiga and Atari ST versions use a 16-color palette, but through programming techniques, the Amiga version has around 120 colors, despite being written in 16-color mode as opposed to 32-color mode due to memory constraints.

Paragraph 25: "I wanted to create this thing that was spiritually intangible and could only be seen as something if you were here right now. And nobody can take it, or even think about it or write about it or read about it later, you’ve kinda gotta be in it. It was just so magical I was like ‘that’s enough. It doesn’t have to go anywhere from here." - Skeena Reece, 2012 Reece is known for making works that deal with issues surrounding settler colonialism and its consequences on Indigenous peoples, especially women. Often these works unsettle and challenge their audiences. She also closely aligns herself and her artistic practice with the figure of the “sacred clown”, a Hopi Indian figure who teaches lessons in uncouth ways. As well, she bases her work on trickster figures such as Coyote and Raven, who is seen as both a prankster, but also as wise. For example, in her performance, Raven on the Colonial Fleet (2010), she “wears a corset, skirt and blanket designed with reference to traditional Northwest Coast Aboriginal Art and a feathered headdress referencing the Plains cultures.” Reece uses such regalia to make a political statement and to overturn Indigenous gender roles, for example by wearing a headdress that is usually reserved for men. Images of grenades, arms, and mythological figures cover her clothing to represent her as a “fe/male warrior” and as a mythological figure, like Raven, coming to help fight against colonial violence. In 2010, she also performed this piece at the 17th Biennale in Sydney, Australia. As well, in a 2008 performance for the National Museum of the American Indian based on an episode of the television show, Moesha, she dressed up as a nurse and asked the audience, "Does anyone want to share any feelings you have about being a colonizer?" She proceeded to have another artist bring out a bucket of red paint in which he begins to paint “one of Columbus's ships on a large board as Reece speaks about sexual fetishes, fear of government and the inaccurate portrayal of Indians on television.” Reece saw this “as a metaphor for white people taking the blood of her people and painting their own history of them.” One song in her album Sweetgrass and Honey was created to honor carvers like her father and the Nuu-chah-nulth carver John T. Williams in Seattle that was shot by a police officer.

Paragraph 26:  DNA transposons: These are transposons that move directly from one position to another in the genome using a transposase to cut and stick at another locus. These genetic elements are cleaved at four single stranded sites in DNA by transposase. In order to achieve max stability of the intermediate transposon, one single strand cleavage at the target DNA occurs. Simultaneously the donor strand is ligated to the target strand after cleavage leaving a single strand overhang on either end of the target sequence. These sites usually contain a 5 to 9 base pair overhang that can create a cohesive end. Transposase then holds the sequence in an crossed formation and ligates the donor strand to the target strand. The structure formed by the duplex of DNA and transposase in replicative transposons is known as the Shapiro Intermediate. The 5 to 9 base pair overhang is left on either side of the target sequence allowing it to join to its target sequence in either orientation. The sequence of these overhangs can determine joining orientation. Before site specific recombination can occur, the oligonucleotide ends must be filled. The ligation of these ends generates a replication fork at each end of the transposable element. The single strand displacement causes synthesis from the un-ligated 3' hydroxyl group to form long single stranded sections adjacent to the 5' end. Therefore, the opposite strand is sequenced discontinuously as both replication forks approach the center of the transposable element.  his results in two recombinant duplexes containing the semi conserved transposable element flanked by the previous 5 to 9 base pair overhang. Site specific reciprocal recombination takes place between the two transposable elements facilitated by proteins. This reciprocal replication overlaps in time and occurs between duplicated segments of the replication element before replication is completed. The target molecule as a result contains the inserted element flanked by the 5 to 9 base pair sequences. Transposition of these elements duplicates the transposition element leaving a transposition element in its original location and a new transposon at the reciprocal replication site. In doing so, organisms total base pairs in their genomes are increased. Transposition occurrences increase over time and as organisms age.

Paragraph 27: During the military conflicts that engulfed Eastern Europe at the time—the Russian Civil War, Polish-Ukrainian War, and Polish-Soviet War—many pogroms were launched against the Jews by all sides. A substantial number of Jews were perceived to have supported the Bolsheviks in Russia. They came under frequent attack by all those opposed to the Bolshevik regime. Just after the end of World War I, the West became alarmed by reports about alleged massive pogroms in Poland against Jews. American pressure for government action reached the point where president Woodrow Wilson sent an official commission to investigate the issue. The commission, led by Henry Morgenthau, Sr., announced that the reports of pogroms were exaggerated, and in some cases may have even been fabricated. It identified eighty-nine major incidents in years 1918–1919, and estimated the number of victims at 200–300 Jews. Four of these were attributed to the actions of deserters and undisciplined individual soldiers; none were blamed on official government policy. Among the incidents, in Pinsk a Polish officer accused a group of Jewish communists of plotting against the Poles, shooting 35 of them. In Lviv (then Lemberg) in 1918, as the Polish army captured the city, hundreds of people were killed in the chaos, among them about 72 Jews. In Warsaw soldiers of Blue Army assaulted Jews on the streets, but they were punished by military authorities. When the Polish troops entered Vilnius in 1919, the first Lithuanian pogrom in modern city on Lithuanian Jews took place, as noted by the Timothy D. Snyder, citing Michał Pius Römer. Many other events in Poland were later found to have been exaggerated, especially by contemporary newspapers like New York Times, although serious abuses against the Jews, including pogroms, continued elsewhere, especially in the Ukraine. The result of the concern over the fate of the Jews of western Poland was a series of explicit clauses in the Paris Peace Conference protecting the rights of Jews in Poland.

Paragraph 28:  (voiced by Makiko Ohmoto and Cathy Weseluck) is Professor Utonium's eight-year-old son who is somewhat responsible for turning regular girls into the titular Powerpuff Girls Z in Powerpuff Girls Z, and numerous other characters into villains using Chemical Z. He used it to blast a glacier in order to set the weather back to normal, but the impact resulted in the explosion of several lights, which affected all those who came in contact with it. Despite being younger than the girls, he acts a lot more mature and the education he receives from his father is considered more advanced than what the girls learn in their school, earning his PhD at an early age. Ken, in a later episode, attended school in order to gain social skills and make friends. While he considers grade school life boring, he has made several friends, including Jou, who was originally his rival and Kuriko who is Momoko's young sister. Ken sees the girls as older sisters and has to often put up with them, though he still cares for them deeply. Ken interchanges between calling Professor Utonium "Dad" and "Professor". During a serious situation (such as a monster attack or investigation) he will try to refer to Utonium as "Professor," but in less serious situations (like packing a lunch) he will call him "Dad." Ken often corrects himself, because he usually uses the wrong honorific (e.g. "Dad, I mean, Professor"). In the twenty-sixth episode, it is revealed that Ken's mother works on a space station, therefore making her very busy and unable to be with Ken. Thanks to the girls and Santa Claus (whom he believed did not exist at first based on a 70% possibility), he was able to see her and is now able to communicate with her clearly on the lab's monitor. In episode 37, when the Powerpuff Girls Z are "grounded" from using their powers for a day when they have to take a test in school, Ken fills in for them, donning a superhero suit consisting of a black bodysuit, a white cape, white gloves, white boots, a red vest with gold shoulder pads and a yellow "Z" on it, and a blue helmet with the yellow letters "KK" on it, while brandishing a blue polearm with a yellow "U" at the end, and calling himself "Kamikaze Ken Z". Despite having no powers or attacks, he uses traps and other props as weapons when he defends their lab from the Gangreen Gang, ultimately driving them off by tricking them into drinking bottles of hot sauce (thinking they were the containers of Chemical Z). Ken's pre-production art bears a strong resemblance to Dexter from Dexter's Laboratory, even the current incarnation. However, in one of the special edition booklets, it is explained the design originated from Kid Utonium from the original series.

Paragraph 29: Louise Moillon specialized in still-life painting, commonly using oil paint on canvas or wood panel. She also made works primarily containing fruits that were usually arranged on tables.  Her work is characterized by stillness and acute detail, such as the texture of exotic fruit glowingly displayed against a dark background. She used Trompe l’oeil elements to give viewers an illusion and make her paintings realistic. Louise Moillon used Trompe l'oeil to give her still-lifes a lot of texture which further contribute to the realistic aspects and make her paintings relatable to pictures. Moillon additionally created ledges in her pieces that spread to the end of the picture frame to enhance the illusion. Although Moillon painted still-lifes, human figures sometimes appeared in the background of her pieces. Moillon was one of the first French still-life artists to combine figures and still-life before 1650 along with another painter named Jacques Linard. Moillon's style used elements from Flemish painting through use of Trompe l'oeil elements and the contrast of cool and warm toned colors along with aspects of French genre painting as shown through the compositional style of her paintings. Some of Louise Moillon's painting compositions have been described to have a primitive quality due to the way she arranges the fruit. The notion that Louise Moillon was highly regarded by her contemporaries is demonstrated by the writing of Georges de Scudéry (1646) who placed her name alongside the still-life painters Jacques Linard and Peter van Boucle (Pieter van Boeckel), comparing all three to Michelangelo, Raphael, and Titian. In 1641, she collaborated with Boucle and Linard on a large composition of fruit and flowers. The majority of Moillon's paintings were executed in the 1630s, before her marriage in 1640 to Etienne Girardot de   Chancourt. Her last dated work is from 1674.

Paragraph 30: Andrew "Andy" Botwin (Justin Kirk, leading character)—also known as Bill Sussman in seasons three and seven, and as Randy Newman in season six—is Judah's brother, a fun-loving, irresponsible slacker. After Judah's death, Nancy reluctantly allows Andy to live at the house. She realizes that his presence is needed for her business and as a father figure for the children, along with coercing her into letting him stay for as long as he wants after he discovers that she’s been selling weed from Heylia. He is also an archetypal Shakespearean 'fool', behaving like a child. For example, in the second season, he takes an eleven-year-old Shane for a hand job to stop the children in his class from tormenting him. Nonetheless, he can occasionally have moments with great insight. By the fifth season, Andy becomes more responsible in response to Nancy's absence as a mother to her children. He discovers that he is in love with Nancy, who does not reciprocate his feelings. He helps Nancy raise her and Esteban's son during their brief breakup, but relinquishes his paternal rights after they reunite. After this, he starts dating, and eventually proposes to Dr. Audra Kitson, but abandons her when they are confronted by her anti-abortionist stalker. After fleeing to Denmark, Andy becomes a tour guide under the name "Wonderful Wonderful Tours". He and the rest go back to the United States to find Nancy in New York City. Andy eventually finds a way to profit off of his own invention of "Copenhagen wheels", designed to make your bicycle supposedly ride "faster". Andy befriends a Rabbi named Dave, after a random encounter in the hospital after Nancy is shot. He pursues a short affair with Jill; they live together after her divorce with her husband, Scott. Jill falsely tests positive for a pregnancy and, in the meantime, she breaks up with Andy and has a one-night stand with Doug. After Jill leaves the entire house to move elsewhere, the rest of the group visits Agrestic (re-titled Regrestic after the fire) in order to make amends and see how things are doing there. Of the many times that Andy has described his deep love for Nancy, she always refused somewhat, and he regrets heavily for staying with her for so long. Thus, he decides to move on, leaving Nancy for good. In the series finale, Andy returns for Stevie's bar mitzvah; he has started his own restaurant and now has a 3-year-old daughter.