Paragraph 1: During his marriage, Flitcroft had two affairs, one with a nursery nurse and the second with a lap dancer. After a disagreement with one of the women, the media began to pursue the story, so Flitcroft took out a High-Court injunction, banning media coverage of the affairs. After a long legal battle, during the 2001–02 season an injunction preventing Flitcroft being named ran out. The lawsuit resulting from this allegation, presided over by Lord Chief Justice Lord Woolf, was notable for the way it weighed personal privacy rights against the right to freedom of expression under the European Convention on Human Rights (applicable since the Human Rights Act 1998 came into force in 2000).

Paragraph 2: Near the beginning of the episode, Homer takes part in, and wins, KBBL's drinking contest. In the next scene, Homer is seen fallen out of his car, and waken up by Marge. The scene was inspired by Scully's brother Mike Scully, who, during a date, saw his date's father "drunk and passed out" on her lawn, in the same pose as Homer in the scene. The episode's subplot revolves around Marge, who listens to phone calls by picking up their frequencies with a baby monitor. The storyline was based on former Simpsons showrunners Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein, who also used to listen to other people's phone calls through airwave signals. At one point in the episode, Marge overhears a conversation between Moe Szyslak and Lenny Leonard. Originally, the conversation would be between two women, but the writers thought it would be "too cliche" to show women gossiping, and changed it to Moe and Lenny instead. While inside the isolation tank, Homer gets bored and starts singing "Witch Doctor" by Armenian-American singer Ross Bagdasarian Sr. aka David Seville. According to Mike Scully, the Simpsons staff had to pay the song's record company $100 000 for the rights to use the tune in the episode. The episode features a "prototype" of what would become the recurring character Lindsey Naegle, who is voiced by American actress Tress MacNeille.

Paragraph 3: As it had in the past, in the mid-1980s the international community responded generously to Ethiopia's tragedy once the dimensions of the crisis became understood, although the FAO had been warning of food security problems for several years before the famine hit. Bilateral, multilateral, and private donations of food and other relief supplies poured into the country by late 1984. In 1987 another drought threatened 5 million people in Eritrea and Tigray. This time, however, the international community was better prepared to get food to the affected areas in time to prevent starvation and massive population movements. According to library of Congress studies, "many supporters of the Ethiopian regime opposed its policy of withholding food shipments to rebel areas. The combined effects of famine and internal war had by then put the nation's economy into a state of collapse." Also according to Human Rights Watch's reports and research, the counter-insurgency strategy of the PDRE caused the famine to strike one year earlier than would otherwise have been the case, and forced people to migrate to relief shelters and refugee camps. The economic war against the peasants caused the famine to spread to other areas of the country. If the famine had struck only in 1984/5, and only affected the "core" areas of Tigray and North Wollo  (3.1 million affected people), and caused only one quarter of the number to migrate to camps, the death toll would have been 175,000 (on the optimistic assumptions) and 273,000 (on the pessimistic assumptions). Thus between 225,000 and 317,000 deaths—rather more than half of those caused by the famine—can be blamed on the government's human rights violations.

Paragraph 4: Spitz's closely argued book, Art and Psyche, explores the relations between art and mind by using psychoanalytic thought. It uniquely demonstrates how three major models follow the history of ideas --- in art and literary criticism, in philosophical aesthetics, and in the development of psychoanalytic theory. Spitz's models are: the relations between an artist's life and work, the work of art itself, and the relations between a work of art and its audience or beholders. To illustrate her theoretical discussion, Spitz draws on a wide variety of art forms, including painting, sculpture, literature, music, and dance. Art and Psyche is read on college campuses both in the US and abroad and has been translated into Italian, Chinese, and Serbian.Image and Insight examines the strenuous paradox of looking within and outward at the same time. Spitz's metaphor for this project is Teiresias, the blind seer of ancient Greece, and she works psychologically with a wide swath of subjects including 1970s NYC subway car graffiti, a 1987 exhibition of African sculpture, a composition of postmodern music, and paintings by a schizophrenic child, among others.Museums of the Mind begins with a psychologically inflected, thematic study of selected paintings by the distinguished Belgian Surrealist René Magritte, in which Spitz traces the effects of the artist's mother's suicide by drowning when he was a boy.  Noted art critic Donald Kuspit writes "This section on Magritte is perhaps the definitive analysis of his art."   Spitz's work on Magritte is the only extant book-length study of the artist from a psychoanalytic perspective, and it was reissued in 2014 as an eBook under the title Magritte's Labyrinth.Inside Picture Books poses the question as to why stories and images shown to us as children linger in our minds.  How is it that some children's books survive while others fade?  Using her psychological acumen, Spitz reveals how classic children's books transmit wisdom, shape tastes, implant subtle biases, and stimulate moral reflection.  She advocates for conversational reading between adults and children and addresses powerful topics such as curiosity, identity and self-acceptance, separation and loss, as well as disobedience. Inside Picture Books exemplifies Dr. Spitz’ interdisciplinary academic approach, which can pose challenges to conventional researchers. For instance, in Children's Literature (journal), Philip Nel evaluates the book the from the perspective of a narrowly-focused historian of children’s literature.  On the other hand, Inside Picture Books has been acclaimed as a classic among scholars of its intended genre of interpretive psychology, being praised by such innovative and widely acclaimed notables as Quentin Blake, Marina Warner,   Judith Wallerstein, Pat Schroeder, Maria Tatar, and Pamela Paul.

Paragraph 5: On 15 September 1969, Vendetta left Australia for South Vietnam, and relieved Brisbane at Subic on 26 September.Grey, Up Top, p. 208 While deployed to Vietnam, the destroyer was placed under the administrative control of Commander Australian Forces Vietnam in addition to that of the Flag Officer Commanding Australian Fleet, while operationally, she was under the command of the Seventh Fleet. A USN lieutenant was assigned to Vendetta to serve as a liaison. Australia was the only allied nation to provide naval support to the United States Navy during the Vietnam War. The destroyer's main activities were the provision of naval gunfire support to assist ground forces, particularly the United States Marine Corps units operating closest to the Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone. Seven ships were usually stationed on the 'gunline', and attacks fell into two categories: 'unspotted' shelling of areas where People's Army of Vietnam or Viet Cong (VC) forces and facilities were known or believed to be, and 'spotted' fire missions in direct support of ground troops. In this role, Vendetta was assigned the callsign "Premier".Vendetta sailed for a gunline assignment at Danang on 30 September. While en route, the destroyer was replenished by a USN oiler, but there were problems because of the incompatibility between American fuel lines and British intakes, along with the standard pumping pressure being too high for Vendettas system to handle; the first of numerous difficulties experienced by the British-designed ship operating with an American force. Poor weather meant the ship did not arrive in Danang Harbour until 2 October, and she commenced naval gunfire support missions a day later. After time at Danang, the ship sailed to the II Corps operating area, and continued gunline duties until 24 October. Vendetta sailed to Singapore for maintenance, then resumed gunline duties on 9 November, assigned to the III Corps area. Vendetta moved north to the I Corps area two days later, then down to II Corps on 16 November. At the end of November, the destroyer sailed to Taiwan for rebarrelling and other maintenance. Vendetta returned to the gunline on 21 December, and on 1 January 1970, was called on to assist Market Time operations by firing on two small craft suspected to be on a supply run to VC positions.

Paragraph 6: In 439, Juqu Mujian was entangled in a scandal that adversely affected his relationship with Northern Wei.  He and his two brothers were all having affairs with the wife of another brother, Lady Li, and Lady Li then plotted, with a sister of Juqu Mujian, to poison Princess Wuwei.  Emperor Taiwu sent doctors, who were able to save Princess Wuwei's life, and he then demanded that Juqu Mujian turn over Lady Li.  Juqu Mujian refused, and only sent Lady Li to Jiuquan.  Meanwhile, the Northern Wei messengers to the Xiyu kingdoms, who were going through Northern Liang frequently, were alleging that Juqu Mujian had informed Xiyu kingdoms that they should not submit to Northern Wei and should submit to Rouran instead.  At the encouragement of the prime minister Cui Hao, Emperor Taiwu again prepared military action.  With Yuan He, the son of Southern Liang's last prince Tufa Rutan, as guide, he launched a speedy attack and arrived at Guzang quickly.  Juqu Mujian, in shock, refused to surrender, defending the city against a siege, while seeking immediate military assistance from Rouran's Chilian Khan, Yujiulü Wuti.  Yujiulü Wuti did launch a surprise attack on Pingcheng to try to force Emperor Taiwu to give up the campaign, but after initial successes, he failed to capture Pingcheng, and his brother Yujiulü Qiliegui (郁久閭乞列歸) was captured by Northern Wei forces.  After nearly two months of siege, Juqu Mujian's nephew Juqu Wannian (沮渠萬年) surrendered to Northern Wei forces, and Guzang collapsed.  Juqu Mujian tied his own arms as sign of submission and surrendered.  Emperor Taiwu took the city, but continued to treat Juqu Mujian with respect, as a brother-in-law, and while he took Juqu Mujian to Pingcheng, he continued to allow him to carry the title of Prince of Hexi.  (Allegedly, as he surrendered, he opened up the royal treasury to let it be pillaged—an action that would have detrimental consequences to him later on.)

Paragraph 7: Captain Kremmen was a British science fiction comedy radio serial set in the early 21st century. (The pilot opens in 2005.) It was written and performed for Capital Radio by the DJ Kenny Everett, beginning in 1976. It was also broadcast on Liverpool's Radio City and Nottingham's Radio Trent in the early 1980s. It featured the eponymous vain and dimwitted spaceship captain. Everett took the name Kremmen from a series of  American radio comedy discs called "Superfun" produced by Mel Blanc and his son, Noel. One of the regulars in the series was voice actor Bob Arbogast, and he came up with Kremmen, as a fictitious brand name for spoof commercials. These were heard by Everett in his Radio London days, and he revived the name for his space captain, and used some of the Superfun spoof ads in the Kremmen series. Each episode began with an introduction by Patrick Allen.

Paragraph 8: In 1964, Congressman Morris K. Udall introduced a bill in Congress for the transfer to the Tribe of  southwest of Tucson. The bill was approved in August 1964 and the Pascua Yaqui Association received the deed for the 220 acres of Bureau of Land Management land from the federal government. To build a new community at the desert site, Spicer suggested establishing a Community Action Program under the new Office of Economic Opportunity, established as part of President Lyndon Johnson's War on Poverty. Its programs required community participation, and Valencia and Spicer led the federally-funded effort to establish a tribal base at New Pascua. With federal moneys that totaled over $400,000, Pascua Yaquis built roads (named for historic Yaqui communities in Mexico and cultural heroes), installed utilities, and built tribal community buildings. In 1965, about 370 Yaquis still lived in Barrio Pascua, now being called "Old Pascua." In the early 1970s, a younger Yaqui, M. Raymond Ybarra, a protege of Anselmo Valencia, increasingly took leadership roles at New Pascua. In 1975 they asked Congressman Udall to introduce a bill to federally recognize the Pascua Yaquis as a tribe.  Opposition over their Mexican origins and from other Arizona Yaqui communities stymied this effort.    In early 1977, Mr. Raymond Ybarra and Mr. Anselmo Valencia, representing the Pascua Yaqui Association, met with US Senator Dennis DeConcini (D-AZ) to urge him to introduce legislation to provide complete federal recognition of the Yaqui people living on the property conveyed to the Pascua Yaqui Association by the United States through the Act of October 8, 1964. (78 Stat. 1197). Senator DeConcini introduced S.1633 on June 7, 1977. After extensive hearings and consideration, it was passed by the Senate on April 5, 1978. It was accepted by the Conference Committee with the House of Representatives and the Conference Report was passed by the Senate. It became public law, PL 95-375, on September 18, 1978. The law provides for all federal services and benefits including those provided by the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Service. It gives the tribe powers of self-government, with Reservation status for Yaqui lands.

Paragraph 9: Terrance Jerod Ford Sr. (born March 24, 1983) is an American former professional basketball player. Having been awarded numerous top basketball accolades in high school and college, Ford entered the 2003 NBA draft and was selected eighth overall by the Milwaukee Bucks. Ford's recurring back injuries resulted in him missing many games in his three seasons with the Bucks, but in 2005, it was announced that he was fit to play basketball again. Ford was traded to the Raptors prior to the 2006–07 NBA season, and established himself as the starting point guard, helping the team win the Atlantic Division crown and reach the 2007 NBA Playoffs. Following an injury sustained in the 2007–08 NBA season, however, Ford had difficulties reclaiming the starting spot and was traded to the Indiana Pacers. He signed with KK Zagreb of Croatia during the 2011 NBA lockout where he appeared in three games. On December 9, 2011, Ford signed a contract with the San Antonio Spurs.

Paragraph 10: Oberweiler im Tal was throughout the Middle Ages a small village whose very existence was threatened in times of war and Plague. After the Plague of 1564, Oberweiler had only seven inhabitants left. In 1595, the following families crop up in Oberweiler: Hanstall, Rheinheimer, Weißgerber, Weber, Vinzensen, Preuel and Laufersweiler. In 1609, the count was back up to 145 inhabitants in 34 households. The people earned their livelihoods mainly by working the land. As was generally true of such villages, there were also craftsmen to be found alongside the farmers, such as blacksmiths, shoemakers, wainwrights, tailors and millers. Furthermore, several families worked at weaving. Some men went to the ore mines, quarries, collieries and limestone pits in the surrounding area to earn income. Within Oberweiler's own limits was a quicksilver mine. In the 19th century, Wandermusikanten – travelling musicians – arose in Oberweiler as they also did elsewhere in the dale, plying their trade throughout the world (see the Hinzweiler article for more about this). Founded in Oberweiler was a piano-building firm named Eichler, although this later moved its workshops to Hinzweiler. According to 1743 statistics, there were only free men heading families, and no Hintersassen (roughly, "dependent peasants"), whereas in 1590, four serfs had been named. Among craftsmen, who only farmed as a secondary occupation, four linen weavers were counted, along with one stocking weaver, three wainwrights, three tailors, two bricklayers, one blacksmith, one shoemaker, one cooper, one carpenter, one cabinetmaker and the miller. Fundamentally, this occupational structure remained in place well into the 20th century. Nevertheless, these traditional crafts have since disappeared. Now, most villagers must seek work outside the village. As to ecclesiastical structure in days of yore, there was a time when most villagers belonged to the Reformed faith as taught by John Calvin. Of the 34 families (164 inhabitants) living in Oberweiler in 1743, 29 were said to be Reformed, while 4 were Catholic and 1 was Lutheran. In the late 18th century, Jews also moved into the village. Statistics from 1825 show that among the 312 inhabitants, 257 were Protestant (the Lutheran and Reformed Churches had by now united), 37 were Catholic and 18 were Jewish. In 1962, the village had 240 inhabitants, of whom 219 were Protestant and 40 Catholic. For a few decades, a rather sharp drop in population figures has been noticed. Along with this has come a rise in the villagers' average age.

Paragraph 11: Neutrino oscillation is a function of the ratio , where L is the distance traveled and E is the neutrino's energy. (Details in  below.) Neutrino sources and detectors are far too large to move, but all available sources produce a range of energies, and oscillation can be measured with a fixed distance and neutrinos of varying energy. The preferred distance depends on the most common energy, but the exact distance is not critical as long as it is known. The limiting factor in measurements is the accuracy with which the energy of each observed neutrino can be measured. Because current detectors have energy uncertainties of a few percent, it is satisfactory to know the distance to within 1%.

Paragraph 12: RENAMO's atrocities gained worldwide attention in July 1987, following a massacre of 424 civilians during a raid on the rural town of Homoine, which was lightly defended by 90 FRELIMO soldiers. The victims of the massacre included hospital patients. This incident prompted an investigation into RENAMO's tactics by US-State Department consultant Robert Gersony, which finally put an end to ambitions from some conservative politicians for US government support for RENAMO. The report concluded that RENAMO's attack in Homoine did not significantly differ from the tactics it normally employed in such raids. The report described RENAMO's methods in the following way:The attack stage was sometimes reported to begin with what appeared to the inhabitants to be the indiscriminate firing of automatic weapons by a substantial force of attacking RENAMO combatants. [...] Reportedly the Government soldiers aim their defensive fire at the attackers, while the RENAMO forces shoot indiscriminately into the village. In some cases refugees perceived that the attacking force had divided into three detachments: one conducts the military attack; another enters houses and removes valuables, mainly clothing, radios, food, pots and other possessions; a third moves through the looted houses with pieces of burning thatch setting fire to the houses in the village. There were several reports that schools and health clinics are typical targets for destruction. The destruction of the village as a viable entity appears to be the main objective of such attacks. This type of attack causes several types of civilian casualties. As is normal in guerrilla warfare, some civilians are killed in crossfire between the two opposing forces, although this tends in the view of the refugees to account for only a minority of the deaths. A larger number of civilians in these attacks and other contexts were reported to be victims of purposeful shooting deaths and executions, of axing, knifing, bayoneting, burning to death, forced drowning and asphyxiation, and other forms of murder where no meaningful resistance or defense is present. Eyewitness accounts indicate that when civilians are killed in these indiscriminate attacks, whether against defended or undefended villages, children, often together with mothers and elderly people, are also killed. Varying numbers of civilian victims in each attack were reported to be rounded up and abducted [...].

Paragraph 13: Verinag spring which is in Verinag town, issues from a high scarp of a mountain spur, and is considered the source of the Jhelum river. It is situated at the bottom of a hill covered by pine trees and evergreen plants. Verinag spring was originally an irregular and shapeless pond, and water, oozing out from different places in it and spread about and formed a little marsh. Emperor Jahangir, whose artistic taste for polishing the beauty of nature is well known, saw this and at once determined to improve it. He built the octagonal tank of sculptured stones round it, so that all water was collected therein, for which carvers were brought from Iran. A garden was also built by Jahangir next to this natural spring which is of pre-Islamic religious significance. The construction date of the octagonal tank and the garden is 1029 Hijri or 1620 A.D, during the 15th year of the Jahangir's reign, which is duly inscribed on a stone slab built into the southern wall of the spring. Seven years later, Jahangir's son Shah Jahan, who was no less a lover of natural beauty, constructed cascades and aqueducts in straight lines through and around the fine garden which he, in order to enhance further the beauty of the place laid out in front of the spring. He also built hot and cold baths to the east of this garden, just outside it, of which little trace is now left. The water contained in an octagonal spring has crystal blue water in which a variety of big fishes live. History and the carvings on stones in Persian on the walls surrounding the spring tell about how this great source of underwater spring is contained without revealing its architecture. The water is collected in a pool surrounded by arched recesses, and then flows down a 300-yard canal to the Bihat river.  Jahangir wished to be buried at Verinag gardens, but his wife, Nur Jahan, disobeyed his wishes.  Today nothing remains of the pavilions which once decorated the area.

Paragraph 14: Onwualu was a Graduate Assistant in 1983 at UNN and rose through the ranks to professor in 1999. He was Head, Agricultural Engineering Department, UNN (2000-2003), Director, Engineering Infrastructure, National Agency for Science and Engineering Infrastructure, NASENI, Abuja (2003-2005) and Director General, Raw Materials Research and Development Council (RMRDC), Abuja (2005-2013). He was a visiting professor at the National Universities Commission, Abuja, and currently Coordinator, Materials Science and Engineering Programme, African University of Science and Technology (AUST), Abuja. He was a Consultant to National Centre for Agricultural Mechanization (NCAM), Ilorin, Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO), United Nations Industrial Development Organisation (UNIDO), United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), Petroleum Trust Fund (PTF), etc.  He was Coordinator, Science Technology and Innovation (STI) thematic group of Vision 20-2020,  Chairman, Committee of Directors of Research Institutes of Nigeria (CODRI) (2010-2013), and Chairman, Steering Committee, Pan African Competitiveness Forum (PACF), Nigeria Chapter (2008-2013) and Focal Point (Africa), World Association of Industrial and Technological Research Organisations (WAITRO) 2010-2013. A professional Agricultural Engineer (COREN Reg), Onwualu's main areas of specialization are Agricultural Power and Machinery; Engineering Properties of Biomaterials; Processing of Agricultural and Food products; Technology, Innovation, Competitiveness, and Industrial Clusters and Renewable Energy Systems Applications. He is also an expert in soil-machine dynamics. He developed a novel research facility – a Computer-Controlled Soil Bin Test Facility to analyze forces and power requirements of tillage tools and traction devices. He developed computer-based numerical models for soil-machine dynamics. Other industrial projects completed under his supervision include design and development of planters, weeders, fertilizer spreaders, sprayers, and machines for processing cassava, rice, maize, potato, fruits, soya bean, cashew, ginger, biofuel, dryers, essential oil, wood seasoning kiln, shea butter, Moringa Olifera, vegetable oil, salt, talc, kaolin, gemstones, granite, and other minerals.  Some of the results of these projects are currently being used by SMEs for commercial production. He is the initiator and former Coordinator of the Ward Based Cluster Project of the Federal Ministry of Science and Technology. The Project aims to use the Triple Helix Concept to drive Competitiveness in SMEs through the establishment of Innovation Based Clusters in every ward in Nigeria. He has to his credit 200 scientific publications, including 20 books.  He was Editor-in-Chief (2003-2014) of Nigeria Journal of Agricultural Engineering and Technology, published by the Nigerian Institution of Agricultural Engineers (NIAE). Onwualu received the Federal Merit Award (1978-1982), the Engr. (Prof.) E. U. Odigboh prize for the first student of Agricultural Engineering to get a First Class Honours and Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA) Ph.D. grant. Over 60 organizations have recognized him with awards including Presidential merit award, Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE); Individual Honours Award, Nigeria Society of Engineers, Abuja branch; Award of Excellence by Nigeria Institute of Physics, Most Distinguished Agricultural Engineer of the Year by NIAE and Professional Service Award by Rotary Club of Gwarimpa.  Under his leadership, RMRDC won the National Productivity Order of Merit Award in 2009 and the Most Outstanding Public Institution in Service Delivery, 2012 by an Independent Monitoring Group. He is a Fellow of 12 professional bodies, including Polymer Institute of Nigeria, Agricultural Society of Nigeria, Materials Science and Technology Society of Nigeria, Nigerian Society of Engineers, Nigeria Academy of Engineering, Nigerian Institute of Management, and Nigeria Academy of Science. He is married to Mrs. Blessing Onwualu, and they have four children, Zimuzor, Chimobi, Chimdalu, and Onyedika. Currently, he doubles as the head of Material Science and Engineering Department and Academic Director at African University of Science and Technology (AUST), Abuja Nigeria.

Paragraph 15: After the outbreak, Shu, Inori and their Funeral Parlor friends Ayase and Tsugumi stays at Tennouzu High after the school is converted into a refugee center. However, the area their school is located is barricaded and lock downed by the Anti-Bodies who proceed to exterminate the civilians inside. Due to uncertainty and despair, Shu replaces Arisa Kuhouin as the student council president after regaining control of a chaotic school assembly. After becoming student council president, he rules the school with dignity and respect and refuses Yahiro's suggestion to implement a Void-ranking system which determines how much vaccine and care someone receives, believing that it will lead to discrimination between the students. However, when Hare is killed during an attempt by Souta to find vaccines from a nearby hospital, Shu falls into despair and implements the ranking system. After the successful take down of the Tokyo Tower and the Ghost Team, Shu was betrayed by Arisa Kuhouin and his fellow students. The resurrected Gai then appears and slices off Shu's right arm, transferring the "Power of the King" from Shu to Gai. Subsequently, Shu slipped into a bout of extreme depression, horrified at his own actions. When Inori sacrificed herself to protect Shu, he came to terms with his actions, and became determined to save her. He then took Arisa hostage in order to have her lead him to Inori. While driving, he gets news that Haruka is on the run, and possesses the third Void Genome. Arisa takes him to the building where she, the remaining members of Funeral Parlor, and Shu's friends are hiding. Shu arrives shortly after Segai begins an assault to take the Void Genome for himself. Before Ayase attempts to use the Void Genome on herself at great risk, Shu finds it and injects himself with it. With Power of King returned to him, Shu pulls out his own Void, which manifests as a new right arm made entirely of Apocalypse crystal, replacing the one Gai severed. With their permission, he uses Ayase's, Souta's, and Yahiro's Voids, now memorized by his Void, to save them from Segai. The battle culminates in him using Yahiro's Void shears to sever Segai's life. Despite his new-found abilities, as a side-effect, Shu is infected with the Apocalypse virus while retrieving Souta's Void - immediately curing the terminal Souta. Shu makes the decision to use Power of the King to save Inori and stop Gai.

Paragraph 16: Historically, Form 10-K had to be filed with the SEC within 90 days after the end of the company's fiscal year. However, in 2004, the SEC approved a Final Rule that changed the deadlines to 60 days for Form 10-K for "accelerated filers"; meaning issuers that have a public float of at least $75 million, that have been subject to the Exchange Act's reporting requirements for at least 12 calendar months, that previously have filed at least one annual report, and that are not eligible to file their quarterly and annual reports on Forms 10-QSB and 10-KSB. These shortened deadlines were to be phased in over a three-year period, however, in 2004 the SEC postponed the three-year phase-in by one year.  In December 2005, the SEC created a third category of "large accelerated filers," accelerated filers with a public float of over $700 million.  As of December 27, 2005, the deadline for filing for large accelerated filers was still 75 days, however, beginning with the fiscal year ending on or after December 15, 2006, the deadline was changed to 60 days.  For other accelerated filers the deadline remains at 75 days and for non-accelerated filers the deadline remains at 90 days.  For further reading, see the Final Rules  section of the SEC's website, referencing Rule 33–8644.

Paragraph 17: In 2001 Toni Thompson (Laura Hill) fell pregnant but it was not clear who the father was as she had been sleeping with both Adam Heywood (Leighton Cardno) and Chris Warner (Michael Galvin). She gave birth several months prematurely in May 2002 and it was not until Rachel McKenna (Angela Bloomfield) had the babies DNA tested that Chris was revealed as the father. In 2003 Harry went missing and it was soon revealed he had been kidnapped by a mentally unstable Donna Heka (Stephanie Tauevihi). The following year he was kidnapped again, this time by Toni's former flame, Logan King (Peter Muller). In 2004 Harry and Toni were kidnapped by Toni's deranged brother Dominic (Shane Cortese) in an attempt to kill Chris. Harry caused trouble for Chris and Toni the following year, when his tantrums climaxed in him biting Huia Samuels (Nicola Kawana) hand. Toni fled Ferndale in 2007 and took Harry with her but upon their return, the family scraped death in a dramatic car crash. Harry was devastated months later when Toni died and struggled to come to terms with Chris' succession of girlfriends – going so far as to force him to break up with Brooke Freeman (Beth Allen). In 2010 Harry struggled to cope with the revelation he had a brother, Phoenix (Geordie Holibar) but grew to love him. He clashed with Chris' girlfriend Rachel McKenna and pressed charges when she lightly slapped him. During Halloween 2013, Harry stopped breathing and lost his heart beat for 45 minutes after drinking a potion made of several garden weeds, including foxglove. However, after Chris used his chief executive officer position at the hospital to register prolonged CPR, Harry survived without brain damage. In early 2015 Harry met Pixie Hannah (Thomasin McKenzie) and after initial clashes, the two began to date. However Pixie was diagnosed with bone cancer and Harry supported her through the following treatment but was devastated when she succumbed to pneumonia shortly after the two had confessed their love. Harry leaves in early 2017 to attend an exchange program in Japan only to then get transferred to Shanghai, China. He then appears in a Skype call with his Dad. Harry would return in October 2017 after it was revealed he had gotten his homestay sister, Zhilan Li pregnant after falling in love with her. Zhilan proceeded to escape to New Zealand to find Harry, but Harry decided not to ask Chris for help after witnessing him paying off Mindy, Frank's ex-wife. He was secretly given allowances by Finn after Chris decided to cut him off financially.

Paragraph 18: Frankfurter Rundschau Druck and Verlagshaus GmbH filed for bankruptcy on 12 November 2012. Then the paper was acquired by Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung and Frankfurter Societät (publisher of the Frankfurter Neue Presse) in 2013,  by taking over just 28 full-time journalists. The FR editorial board continued to be bound by the legacy of Karl Gerold and the commitment to a "left-liberal" political line, and was integrated in the national and international editorial and correspondents network of the DuMont Mediengruppe, the former majority owners. The private foundation managing Karl Gerold's legacy still owns 10% of the shares. But all commercial activity of the paper, printing, selling advertisement and distribution was put in the hands of the Frankfurter Societät. The FR printing enterprise was closed. The contracts for printing BILD-Zeitung and other papers went from the FR's printshop to the FAZ's Societätsdruckerei.

Paragraph 19: Babcock was born in Littlefork, Minnesota, the son of Olive (Rinehart) and Erwin Babcock. He later moved to Glendive, Montana and graduated from Dawson County High School in 1939. He married Betty Lee on September 21, 1941, and they had two children. After graduating from Dawson County High School in 1939, he worked at a Douglas Aircraft factory in California. In 1944, he enlisted in the US Army as an infantryman, and served with the 394th Infantry Regiment, 99th Infantry Division in the European Theater during World War II. He fought at Elsenborn Ridge, part of the Battle of the Bulge. He later took part in the capture of the Remagen Bridge, where he was awarded a Bronze Star Medal for valor.

Paragraph 20: Killing one after another, Nikhil seems to be the prime suspect. That is why Vikram plans to kill him in his taxi and flee. However, Nikhil fights back and dares Vikram by risking his life. After a series of murders of witnesses against Jabbar in the same night, the CBI officer and local Police Officer (Sanjay Batra) are closely on trail of Nikhil, who they assume to be The Killer. Nikhil destroys the laptop of Vikram, which contained the information of the witnesses in his hit-list. Vikram forces Nikhil to pose as Vikram and seek the particulars of the remaining two witnesses in the hit-list from Jabbar by meeting him personally in his mansion. Nikhil does so and procures the same and hands it over to Vikram, who had been waiting for him outside in the taxi. Nikhil decides to risk his life to save the witnesses and races his taxi to the horror of Vikram. The taxi hits a kiosk and crashes. Vikram runs off for his next prey, followed by Nikhil in the chase. He fails to save the witness, who is shot by Vikram. Nikhil sees his girl-friend Rhea's name and photo in the mobile, which fell off the fleeing Vikram. Determining to save Rhea from Vikram at any cost, Nikhil tries to contact her to warn her and flee, but her mobile gets discharged. He runs to warn her in the casino where she is dancing. The police and Vikram reach the place, and just as Vikram shoots at Rhea, Nikhil leaps and pushes her away. In the melee following the gun-shots, when the police confront Nikhil as the suspect Killer, he informs them that it is Vikram who is the actual Killer. He manages to escape from the place with Vikram in the chase after them. Finally, when Vikram confronts them and tries to shoot Rhea, Nikhil dares him to shoot him. The police shoot Vikram just as he is about to press the trigger of his gun. Thus Nikhil saves Rhea, and they are happily united.

Paragraph 21: The home side were still able to call on the bowlers of Don Bradman's Great 1948 Team; the hostile pace of Ray Lindwall (23.03) and Keith Miller (22.97), the left-arm swing and left arm spin of Bill Johnston (23.91), the flighted off-spinners of Ian Johnson and the mystery spin of Jack Iverson. Ray Lindwall was regarded as the finest fast bowler after the war, with a perfectly controlled action; "he appears to be just jogging his fifteen yards up to the stumps - until the last couple of strides of his approach, when he suddenly explodes into his delivery stride...when he releases the ball, his bowling arm is so low that it borders on the round-arm". He had had a mixed tour of South Africa in 1949-50, failing to take a wicket in the first three South African innings and being dropped for the last Test, his form suffering from groin strain, fibrositis and a stomach disorder. This led to speculation that at 29 the fast bowler's career might soon be over as "his pace was not what it was by any means, and his arm is much lower...his action is more laboured and his body does not follow through". Lindwall returned to the team and would bowl for Australia throughout the 1950s, though Lindsay Hassett tended to underuse him in the series, the opposite of Bradman who overbowled him. Keith Miller was the "glamour boy" of the Australian team "his batting was a joy to behold, his fast bowling can be both fascinating to watch and deadly in effect, while his fielding in the slips and in the covers is feline in its anticipation and soundness". There was  a national outcry when he was not picked for the South Africa tour, both as the mercurial all rounder didn't want to bowl (his back had in injured when a night-fighter pilot in the Second World War), not helped by his well-known antipathy with the new Test selector Don Bradman, but was later flown out as a replacement. "Big Bill" Johnston was a powerful left-arm swing bowler who would be Australia's best wicket-taker in the series despite the fame of Lindwall and Miller. Like Miller he could bowl spin, but instead of mixing his bowling he saved his slow left arm spinners for when the opposition were caught on a sticky wicket. Ian Johnson was an off-spinner, a rarity in Australian cricket which tended to prefer leg-spinners. He was not a big turner of the ball, and one of the slowest bowlers in cricket, but he used flight to deceive the batsmen and tied down one end while the fast bowlers rested. To these veterans could be added the extraordinary mystery spin of Jack Iverson, who had found that he could use his long middle finger to turn the ball either way when whiling away the hours in the New Guinea campaign. Although never more than an occasional Grade cricketer before the war Iverson perfected his art and was chosen to play for his native Victoria in 1949-50, but was on the verge of quitting cricket when the England team arrived. He was 35 and his ailing father needed him to take over the family business, but stayed at the helm against his doctor's advice so that Iverson could play for Australia. He took 3/85 for Victoria vs the tourists and though he only dismissed three tailenders he caused the batsmen enough trouble to be picked for the Test team and the First Test at Brisbane was the first Test match he ever saw. His greatest day came in the Third Test at Sydney when he took 6/27 in Australia's innings victory. He retired at the end of the season even though he had "the world's best batsmen at his mercy, if he could spare the time".

Paragraph 22: The prime initiative of Coal Power Generation Company Bangladesh Limited (CPGCBL) is to construct a 2x600 MW Ultra Super Critical Coal Fired Power Plant at Matarbari in Maheshkhali Upazilla of Cox's Bazar District. This project consists of a deep sea port, construction of jetty and coal handling facilities for coal import, coal storage, power plant construction, township development, rural electrification, construction of transmission facilities, and communication roads. Environmental and Social Impact Assessment (ESIA) and Feasibility Study of this project were conducted in the years 2013–2014. A loan agreement between Bangladesh Government & the Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) was signed on 16 June 2014. The estimated project cost as per approved Development Project Proposal (DPP) is Tk. 35,984 crore, among which Tk. 7045 crore is from GoB fund and CPGCBL's fund, rest amount Tk. 28,939 crore as Project Aid from JICA, approximately $359,840,000 USD. 1608 acres of land has already been acquired for the construction of the 2x600 MW Ultra Super Critical Coal Fired Power Plant and the port facility. “Matarbari Joint Venture Consultant (MJVC)” is appointed to act as the Owner's Engineer by CPGCBL. MJVC prepared the technical specifications, drawings of power plant and port facilities, and Bid Document for EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) contractor. The Consortium of Sumitomo Corporation, Toshiba Energy Systems & Solutions Corporation and IHI Corporation (formerly known as Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries Co., Ltd.) is engaged as the EPC contractor for construction of the 2x600 MW Ultra Super Critical Coal Fired Power Plant on 27 July 2017. The EPC Contractor has since began construction on the plant from 22 August 2017. Honourable Prime Minister of the Govt. of the People's Republic of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina laid down the Foundation Stone on 28 January 2018. At present, Boiler foundation works, the Piling works of Steam Generator-1, the North revetment works, the Pile driving works of the Coal Unloading Jetty, the Construction works of Unloading Jetty for Oil and heavy Equipment, and the Soil improvement works of Embankment by Deep Mixing Method (DMM) are in progress. The land development works at the power project area is ongoing. Moreover, design & drawing review of power plant and port works are also going on. Overall physical progress of the project is 34.00% as against planned cumulated progress of 33.18% till September 2020. Implementation of this project will increase electricity generation, create employment opportunities and develop skilled manpower through transfer towards modern technology.

Paragraph 23: During the 2019–20 season, Dončić was selected to his first NBA All-Star Game as a Western Conference starter. He became the youngest European player to start in an All-Star game. On March 4, Dončić recorded his 22nd career triple-double, passing Jason Kidd for the most in Mavericks history. He registered 30 points, 17 rebounds, and 10 assists in a 127–123 overtime victory over the New Orleans Pelicans. Dončić recorded his 15th triple-double of the season on July 31, posting 28 points, 13 rebounds, and 10 assists in a 153–149 overtime loss to the Houston Rockets. On August 4, Dončić recorded another triple-double with 34 points, 12 assists, and a career-high 20 rebounds in a 114–110 overtime win over the Sacramento Kings. With that, he became the youngest player to record 30+ points, 20+ rebounds, and 10 or more assists. On August 8, Dončić had a then-career-high 19 assists, which tied LeBron James for an NBA season-high, 36 points, 14 rebounds, and 2 turnovers in a 136–132 win against the Milwaukee Bucks. The game marked his 17th triple-double of the season and clinched his spot as the youngest player to lead the NBA in triple-doubles. On August 15, he was selected to the NBA's All-Seeding Games First Team for his play in the eight seeding games, where he averaged 30.0 points, 10.1 rebounds, and 9.7 assists per game. Dončić finished as one of the three finalists for the NBA Most Improved Player Award. He finished third behind eventual winner Brandon Ingram and second place Bam Adebayo. On August 17, Dončić made his NBA Playoffs debut, scoring 42 points (most ever in an NBA playoffs debut) in a 110–118 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers. On August 23, he became the youngest player in NBA postseason history with a 40-point triple-double, scoring 43 points in a 135–133 overtime victory over the LA Clippers.  With that performance, he became just the second player in NBA history to record at least 43 points, 17 rebounds, and 13 assists in any game, joining Wilt Chamberlain as the other. On September 16, he was named to the All-NBA First Team. He became the first player since Tim Duncan in the 1998–99 season to be selected to an All-NBA First Team in a first or second season. He finished fourth overall in the season's final MVP results. He also became the second-youngest player ever to finish in the top five of MVP voting.

Paragraph 24: Author James Riordan translated a tale from the Tatar people with the title Shaitan the Devil and His Forty Daughters, a man named Safa looks for adventure and rescues a swan in a lake from a black witch. In gratitude, the bird takes Safa to visit her sisters. He is given a little box and a warning not to open it until he reaches home. However, on his way, curiosity takes the better of him and he opens the box: a retinue of market sellers, wares, jades and money comes out of the box. At first, Safa is astonished by the wondrous contents of the box, but, after trying to shut them all back, regrets his decision. Suddenly, a mysterious gray-bearded man offers to help the man, in exchange for what Safa does not know he has at home. Safa closes the box and returns home, only to find his wife gave birth to a son, and immediately regrets his deal. Years later, Safa's son, a jigit, decides to fulfill his father's deal, and stops by a lakeside, waiting for the coming of Shaitan the Devil. He sees a flock of 40 swans coming to the lake and bathing in the water. The jigit creeps behind one of the birds and snatches it, while the other swans fly away. The bird in the jigit's hands shakes off her feathers and becomes a human maiden. She reveals that she is one of Shaitan's daughter, and her father plans to eat him, but he can delay this fate by asking to do chores for him. She flies back to the skies and Shaitan appears soon after to take the boy to his lair in the depths of the forest. the jigit offers to do chores for him, and Shaitan sets three tasks: first, to chop down the forest and sell the wood, then buy rye, plant it and harvest it, grind the corn and store hay - all in one night; secondly, to draw water from a lake to another with a sieve; thirdly, to bridle a wild stallion from Shaitan's stables (which is Shaitan metamorphosed). The jigit fulfills the tasks with the help of the swan girl. Shaitan agrees to marry the jigit to one of his daughters, after the youth passes more tests: to identify his daughter among 40 doves; then, to identify who is his daughter among her sisters, each playing a kurai. After succeeding twice more, Shaitan locks his youngest daughter and the jigit in the dungeons, but the swan girl takes the jigit with her and both escape in a "Magic Flight" sequence.

Paragraph 25: Mary Herbert, Countess of Pembroke ( Sidney, 27 October 1561 – 25 September 1621) was among the first Englishwomen to gain notice for her poetry and her literary patronage. By the age of 39, she was listed with her brother Philip Sidney and with Edmund Spenser and William Shakespeare among the notable authors of the day in John Bodenham's verse miscellany Belvidere. Her play Antonius is widely seen as reviving interest in soliloquy based on classical models and as a likely source of Samuel Daniel's closet drama Cleopatra (1594) and of Shakespeare's Antony and Cleopatra (1607). She was also known for translating Petrarch's "Triumph of Death", for the poetry anthology Triumphs, and above all for a lyrical, metrical translation of the Psalms.

Paragraph 26: He was born Giuseppe Pivato in Tezze sul Brenta (Stroppari), a town about 40 km north of Venice, Italy. His mother was from Udine in the Friuli region east of Venice. This Italian origin was to have a profound influence on his whole life and career as a writer, researcher and academic. The family emigrated to Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in 1952 where the Catholic nuns changed his name to Joseph. He attended St. Michael's College School, an academic high school for boys, where he studied languages and literature. He enrolled at York University where he studied with modernist scholar, D.E.S. Maxwell, feminist and medievalist, Beryl Rowland, feminist scholar, Johanna H. Stuckey, Canadian writer, Irving Layton, met  French poet Hedi Bouraoui and poet-critic, Eli Mandel. With D.E.S. Maxwell he enrolled in the first course in African Literature (1969). In the summers he worked with Italian bricklayers to help pay for his university fees. In 1968 he founded and edited the first literary magazine at York, Voodoo Poetry at Vanier College. In 1970 he earned a B.A. (Combined Honours, English and French) from York and moved to Edmonton to study Comparative Literature at the University of Alberta. His 1971 M.A. thesis was on Dante and Baudelaire.  Writer and academic E.D. Blodgett  was his advisor for his Ph.D. thesis on hermetic poetry.  He also met Canadian writers Henry Kreisel and Sheila Watson and began to work on Canadian authors publishing his first critical essay in Canadian Literature (1973, editor George Woodcock) while he was still a graduate student. At the end of his doctoral program (1977) he began to work at  Athabasca University, a distance education institution modeled after the British Open University. At Athabasca he helped to develop the first courses in English literature, Canadian Literature, Comparative Literature and Theory.  He was founding president of the Association of Italian-Canadian Writers (1986) which advances the work of these ethnic minority authors through critical publications, biennial conferences and book launches. At Athabasca Pivato was Chair of the Centre for Language and Literature and developed the first courses in creative writing. Between 1997 and 2005 he pioneered Online courses at Athabasca by producing the first webpages for courses in English Literature, Canadian Literature, Comparative Literature and Theory. In 2010 he was founding professor of the new M.A. in Literary Studies which is part of the MA-IS program. He is married to Alberta psychologist, writer, academic and disabilities advocate Dr. Emma Pivato. Their children include (1) Dr. Marcus J. Pivato, Prof. of Economics,  CY Cergy Paris University, France), (2)  Juliana Pivato, Artist and Academic in Toronto and (3) Alexis who has disabilities and lives at home. They have 4 grandchildren. Emma Pivato's novels include Blind Sight Solution (Chicago: Cozy Cat Press, 2013) The Crooked Knife (2014) Roscoe's Revenge (2014) Jessie Knows (2015) Murder on Highway 2 (2016) Deadly Care (2016) Healthy Bodies Also Die (2019)  and  Postpartum Dead (2021). In 2021 Emma Pivato published And along came Alexis a powerful memoir of life with a severely disabled daughter (Guernica Editions).

Paragraph 27: Methylenetetrahydrofolatereductase (MTHFR) is the rate-limiting enzyme in the methyl cycle, and it is encoded by the MTHFR gene. Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase catalyzes the conversion of 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate to 5-methyltetrahydrofolate, a cosubstrate for homocysteine remethylation to methionine. Natural variation in this gene is common in otherwise healthy people.  Although some variants have been reported to influence susceptibility to occlusive vascular disease, neural tube defects, Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia, colon cancer, and acute leukemia, findings from small early studies have not been reproduced. Some mutations in this gene are associated with methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency. Complex I deficiency with recessive spastic paraparesis has also been linked to MTHFR variants. In addition, the aberrant promoter hypermethylation of this gene is associated with male infertility and recurrent spontaneous abortion.

Paragraph 28: David Hoyle, Dean of Westminster; David Conner, Dean of Windsor; and Justin Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, officiated at the thanksgiving service. The Westminster Abbey and the Chapel Royal Choirs performed at the service, while the Royal Marines provided the music at the beginning and the end of the ceremony. The Household Cavalry trumpeters and the Central Band of the Royal Air Force were also part of the service. Music before the service included "Andante cantabile" from Symphony No 3 by Charles-Marie Widor, "Bist du bei mir BWV 508" by Gottfried Heinrich Stölzel (arranged by Johann Sebastian Bach), "Salix" from Plymouth Suite by Percy Whitlock, Prelude "49th Parallel" by Ralph Vaughan Williams, "Elsa's Procession to the Cathedral" by Richard Wagner, "Canterbury Chorale" by Jan Van der Roost, "Lux Aurumque" by Eric Whitacre, "Men of Honour Part 2" by Mark Isham, "Pacific", "Shepherd's Song" from Ludwig van Beethoven's Symphony No. 6; and "Benedictus" from Sonata Britannica by Charles Villiers Stanford. The hymn "To Be a Pilgrim" by John Bunyan was sung to an arrangement by James O'Donnell as the Queen made her way to her seat. In the bidding, the Dean of Westminster paid tribute to the Duke as a person who "put privilege to work and understood his rank as a spur to service". Doyin Sonibare, a gold award winner, paid tribute to Philip during her speech. The first lesson, Isaiah 40:25–31, was read by the Lord Wallace of Tankerness, followed by the choir singing William Byrd's "Prevent us, O Lord" from the Book of Common Prayer. Dame Sarah Mullally read the second lesson, Philippians 4:4–9, after which the choir and attendees sang "All Creatures of Our God and King" by William Henry Draper to an arrangement by James O'Donnell. The Dean of Windsor delivered an address, mentioning that the Duke would have hated the idea of being remembered as a "plaster saint" as he had no tolerance for "pomposity or flattery" during his lifetime. Following his address the choir sang Te Deum in C by Benjamin Britten. Prayers were then delivered by Mark Birch, Minor Canon and Precentor; Kenneth MacKenzie, Minister of Crathie Church; Paul Fergusson, Dean of the Order of the Thistle and of the Chapel Royal, Scotland; Martin Poll, Chaplain to the Royal Chapel of All Saints, Windsor Great Park; Paul Wright, Sub-Dean of Her Majesty's Chapels Royal; James Hawkey, Canon in Residence. The choir and attendees sang William Williams Pantycelyn's "Guide Me, O Thou Great Redeemer" before the Archbishop of Canterbury gave the blessing. The event ended with the attendees singing "God Save the Queen". At the service's conclusion, the Queen thanked Doyin Sonibare and the clergy who took part in the service. Music after the service included "Allegro molto e ritmico" from Sonata Britannica, and "The Seafarers" played by the Band of Her Majesty's Royal Marines Portsmouth.

Paragraph 29: Common Sense Media gave high marks for the Wii version, with a score of four stars out of five. Christopher Healy praised the game's accessibility to a wider audience, cooperative mode and uncomplicated depth in his brief four star-rated assessment of the game's quality.GameSpots Carolyn Petit scored the Wii version 7 out of 10, saying "despite some flaws, Aragorn's Quest is an engaging adventure across a well-realized version of Middle-earth." She was critical of the responsiveness of the Wii Remote and found the game too easy, but concluded "this is a good adventure for would-be Aragorns of any age. It does a particularly fine job of evoking the memorable locations of Middle-earth, so those with a deep appreciation for Tolkien's books or Jackson's films may have an easier time overlooking the game's faults."IGNs Craig Harris also scored the Wii version 7 out of 10, and the PlayStation 3 version 6 out of 10, calling the game "a CliffsNotes version of the three films that works better on Wii than it does on PS3." He called the PlayStation 3 version, "a rushed and flawed port of a game made for a significantly weaker system." He was also critical of the PlayStation Move control, preferring the DualShock. He concluded "Lord of the Rings: Aragorn's Quest is a fun and satisfying, if just a tad repetitive, action adventure with good fan service to those of you that love the Tolkien novels and Peter Jackson films." He scored the PS2, PSP and DS versions 5 out of 10, criticising the "mindless button-mashing action that feels more in line with a game like Gauntlet, but with only one character to control, no multiplayer, and incredibly shallow action mechanics."Nintendo Lifes Jamie O'Neill scored the DS version 6 out of 10. He praised the use of stat management in the game, and was complimentary of the graphics, but found the gameplay too easy. He concluded "The portable version of Aragorn's Quest is different enough to provide a satisfying supplement to the Wii game." Spencer McIlvaine scored the Wii version 5 out of 10. He praised the two-player mode, but called the game an "average hack-'n-slash, concluding "while there are some Lord of the Rings games that should not have been forgotten, this one is barely worth playing the first time."Edge also scored the Wii version 5 out of 10. They were critical of the narrative style, arguing "Sam's telling as a whole really makes little sense - characters and objectives are introduced without explanation, enemies like Saruman and Sauron given no distinction or comprehension." They were also critical of the combat; "the screen is sometimes crowded by enemies and effects to the point of being unreadable, while the automated lock-on system spins and disorients you. With its motion blur, over-enthusiastic collision detection and clumsy geometry, Aragorn's Quest presents circumstances in which you couldn't make meaningful tactical decisions without frustration, and so chooses to make tactics largely obsolete instead."GameRevolution scored the Wii version a C−, criticising the narrative style and the responsiveness of the Wii Remote. They concluded "the game's biggest flaw is its story, which is ironic due to the fact that the Lord of the Rings trilogy is all about its story [...] between the ineffective dialogue and rushed scenes, it just didn't hold my attention. This is one fantasy-adventure you may want to miss out on."GameZone''s Brian Rowe scored the Wii version 4 out of 10. He too was critical of the story, arguing "the only way to understand the game is to have prior knowledge of the movies/books," and concluding the game "doesn't have any glaring issues that could be considered problematic. Rather, the breezy story, irrelevant quests, and carefree combat fail to inspire any sense of wonder or excitement."

Paragraph 30: In 1287, Hunhausen (see Vanished villages below) had its first documentary mention. About 1290, a document mentioned a man named Wilmar Vilemann von Alben, who may well have been the first in a line of lesser noblemen of the house of Alben, who in the Late Middle Ages held important offices under Emperor Sigismund in Vienna and Hungary. His significance is that his noble house, "Alben", bears the same name as the village, although the latter also bears the prefix Nieder— ("Nether" or "Lower"). Johann von Agram from the German noble family of Alben became Chancellor of Fünfkirchen, and his brother became Bishop of Fünfkirchen. One of the first written records about the area is a Weistum (a Weistum – cognate with English wisdom – was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) from the Hochgericht auf der Heide ("High Court on the Heath") to which a letter of enfeoffment refers as early as 1351. The High Court on the Heath – a geographical area as well as an actual court – was the land between the Steinalb, the Glan and the Nahe, which in the late 10th century became more heavily settled, as witnessed in documents from both Emperor Otto III and Archbishop Willigis of Mainz. It is likely that the area later passed to the Electorate of the Palatinate as an Imperial pledge, and was then transferred by that state to the Waldgraves and Rhinegraves of Steinkallenfels and Grumbach, along with the high court jurisdiction. Already by Ottonian times, the area was no longer held by the kingly treasury anyway. In a directory of fiefs from about 1200 for the Rhinegrave Wolfram, it says: "Item de Abbate de Sancto Albano habet Ringravius in feodo Helbach und Wiselbach apud Winterhuche, duas villas cum omni iure." This text in somewhat fractured Mediaeval Latin – it even has the German word und thrown in in one place – roughly translates as "Likewise from Saint Alban’s Abbey, the Rhinegrave has in fief Helbach and Wiselbach near Winterhuche, two estates with all rights." The high court jurisdiction in the region of the High Court on the Heath was never challenged. In 1429, the Waldgraves and Rhinegraves enfeoffed a man named Johann von Hagen with the villages and courts of Alben, Nyderalben and Hunehausen. Here, the name Alben was used for a place that still exists now, part of Niederalben, and today customarily called the Oberdorf ("upper village").