Paragraph 1: In 2008 Ohio experienced an unintended consequence of a new statute that resulted in a brief period of overlap voting, when absentee voting has started and before the close of voter registration.  This period ran from September 30 until October 6, due to the newly instituted early voting policy. On August 13, 2008, Brunner ordered county election board officials to establish procedures to enable voters who register to be immediately issued an absentee ballot.  Because a voter could show up with only a cell phone bill, give any four digits and claim they were the last four digits of his or her Social Security Number, and then immediately vote and have such ballots put into the same pool as other votes with no procedure for more rigorous scrutiny of their validity, the Republican Party opposed the same day voting plan and fought it in several Ohio Courts. Ohio Republican Party officials and Republican voters argued in separate lawsuits that Ohio law requires voters to be registered for 30 days before they cast an absentee ballot. On September 29, 2008 (a day after lower state and federal courts overruled GOP objections to same-day registration and voting or GOP requests for mandated ballot segregation and verification) the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit in Cincinnati, Ohio rejected Republican efforts to stop the plan. United States district court judge James Gwin in Cleveland, Ohio also ruled against the Republicans and issued a restraining order to enforce Brunner's plan. In Columbus, Ohio, U.S. District Judge George Smith declined to rule on another statewide challenge, deferring to the state Supreme Court's decision. The rulings, which opened a window to register and vote on the same day until the absentee ballot deadline on October 6, 2008, was upheld by the Ohio Supreme Court in a 4-3 decision in which two Republican jurists who were on the November 2008 ballot recused themselves and were replaced by one Republican and one Democrat by Chief Justice Thomas Moyer.  The normal roster of Ohio Supreme Court jurists is all Republican and the lone Democrat replacement, William H. Wolff Jr., cast the tie-breaking vote.  The dissenters noted that Ohio's Constitution requires that a person register to vote 30 days in before voting. Brunner ordered segregation of same-day-registration ballots and verification of them before counting them on Election Day, November 4, 2008.  In related proceedings on September 30, 2008, Judge Smith of The U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio in Columbus had granted an Ohio Republican Party request for a restraining order that would mandate election observers during early voting.  Brunner prevailed in the appellate court which ruled that the district court "abused its discretion" in granting the restraining order.

Paragraph 2: Throughout 1990, the KLF launched a series of singles with an upbeat pop-house sound which they dubbed "stadium house". Songs from The White Room soundtrack were re-recorded with rap and more vocals (by guests labelled "Additional Communicators"), a sample-heavy pop-rock production and crowd noise samples. The first "stadium house" single, "What Time Is Love? (Live from Trancentral)", released in October 1990, reached #5 on the UK Singles Chart and hit the top-ten internationally. The follow-up, "3 a.m. Eternal (Live at the S.S.L.)", was an international top-five hit in January 1991, reaching #1 in the UK and #5 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The album The White Room followed in March 1991, reaching #3 in the UK. A substantial reworking of the aborted soundtrack, the album featured a segued series of "stadium house" songs followed by downtempo tracks.The KLF's chart success continued with the single "Last Train to Trancentral" hitting number two in the UK, and number three on the Eurochart Hot 100. In December 1991, a re-working of a song from 1987, "Justified & Ancient" was released, featuring Tammy Wynette. It was another international hit – peaking at number two in the UK, and number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 – as was "America: What Time Is Love?", a hard, guitar-laden reworking of "What Time Is Love?". In 1990 and 1991, the KLF also remixed tracks by Depeche Mode ("Policy of Truth"), the Moody Boys ("What Is Dub?"), and Pet Shop Boys ("So Hard" from the Behaviour album, and "It Must Be Obvious"). Neil Tennant described the process: "When they did the remix of 'So Hard', they didn't do a remix at all, they re-wrote the record ... I had to go and sing the vocals again, they did it in a different way. I was impressed that Bill Drummond had written all the chords out and played it on an acoustic guitar, very thorough."

Paragraph 3: Wizard, at different points, incorporates prog, psychedelic rock, Broadway show tunes, bubblegum pop, and Philadelphia soul. Other influences were drawn from jazz and funk. Schuckett said that Rundgren often spoke of Ravel as his favorite classical composer at the time, although "I don't think Todd really listened to much funk, so [me and Moogy] were kind of showing him that stuff." Musicologist Daniel Harrison likened  Wizard to late 1960s Beach Boys work such as Smiley Smile, specifically in that the albums shared musical aspects such as "abrupt transitions, mixture of various pop styles, and unusual production effects." Harrison added that few artists in this period chose to emulate the Beach Boys' experiments due to the band's poor commercial standing. Overall, music writers have described Wizard as a work of progressive pop, psychedelia and avant-pop. Rundgren said that adapting his sound to meet commercial expectations was never an issue for him since he already made "so much money from production", a rare luxury for an artist. He recalled that Bearsville owner Albert Grossman, however, was "surprisingly" encouraging of Wizard. Klingman remembered Grossman walking in on a session of "Da Da Dali" and found Rundgren singing in an exaggerated Al Jolson voice while the band were purposely playing "all wrong notes", and yet "Albert didn't miss a beat. ... He just kept silent and nodded like everything was fine."

Paragraph 4: Pratt was appointed a chaplain of the East India Company through his father's influence on Bishop Daniel Wilson in 1838. He became Wilson's domestic chaplain, and in 1850 was appointed Archdeacon of Calcutta. The leisure allowed during his position in India allowed him to pursue mathematics although he noted that it was difficult to work alone and led to long exchanges in the journals of learned societies in Britain. When Bishop Wilson died in 1858, he was nominated for the position of Bishop. He was approved with the influence of Lord Shaftesbury on Lord Palmerston but it was shortly after decided in the wake of the 1857 uprising that no appointee known for missionary work should be appointed. The chosen appointee was instead Bishop Cotton. They held each other in high esteem. In 1864 an order was passed by the Secretary of State in India to retire chaplains after twenty-five years (earlier unlimited). An exception was made for Pratt and he was extended from October 1867 to March 1869 based on pleas from Bishop Cotton. When Pratt wished to resign in 1869, the Secretary of State extended his service to October 1872. After the death of Bishop Cotton in 1866, Pratt started a Hill Schools' Nomination Endowment Fund to help support Bishop Cotton's scheme of starting schools in the pleasant climate of the hills for the benefit of the children of poorer English residents in India who could not afford an education in England. Pratt married Hannah Maria Brown, daughter of George Francis Brown, a Bengal Civil Servant, at Bhagalpur on 6 March 1854. He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1866. Pratt served as president of the Calcutta Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals founded by Colesworthey Grant in 1861. He died from cholera when he was on a visit to Ghazipur, India, on 28 December 1871. At the instigation of Bishop Robert Milman, a memorial to Pratt was erected in St. Paul's Cathedral, Calcutta.

Paragraph 5: In 1932 he managed to take over the publication of the Kyipwayay (Progress/Growth) magazine after a false start by the chairman U Thein. He had wanted to be a writer and publisher and grabbed the opportunity. The magazine was a success with most of the day's famous writers on board and with an editorial remit of educating young people in self-improvement, health and moral discipline in the struggle for independence and for building a new united Burma. Regular columns such as Maha Swe's Nei Thu Yein's Fearless Doctrine and Theippan Maung Wa's Letter from Maung Than Gyaung attracted a large readership. The Kyipwayay became the vehicle for a new style and content in Burmese literature known as Hkit san (Testing the Age), a movement started most notably by Theippan Maung Wa, Nwe Soe, Zawgyi, Min Thu Wun, Maung Thuta, Maung Htin and Mya Kaytu. He also wrote articles assuming the pen names Kyipwayay Maung Hla and Maung Kan Kaung. A devout Buddhist and non-violent reformist at heart, he made friends with and his home became a favourite haunt of many politicians such as Aung San, Thakin Than Tun, Thakin Zin and Thakin Ba Koe as well as writers such as Maha Swe, Dagon Taya, Zawana, P Moe Nin, Thukha, Maung Htin and Dr Maung Hpyuu, journalists such as Thuriya U Thein Maung, cartoonists U Ba Galay, U Hein Soon and U Ba Gyan, artist U Ohn Lwin and weightlifters Ka-ya bala U Shein, U Zaw Weik and U Ne Win. The Thuriya (Sun) newspaper was where he had started as a budding writer and where he appeared to have learnt the rudiments of journalism and publishing. U Hla was tall, fair and handsome (Hla incidentally means handsome), and known for his friendly smile, gentle soft-spoken manner, even temper, clean living and generosity.

Paragraph 6: The railroad charter was issued in the wake of a controversy over the nature of state-issued corporate charters that led to the first-ever veto by a Massachusetts governor.  In 1826, after several years of lobbying by its proponents, the legislature granted a charter to the Warren Bridge Company for a second bridge connecting Boston to Charlestown.  The proprietors proposed that the bridge would charge tolls for only six years and then become free.  The proprietors of the competing Charles River Bridge, which also charged tolls, objected, claiming that the state had granted it an exclusive charter for that crossing, and prevailed on Lincoln to veto the new charter.  This he did; the veto was overridden in the House but not the Senate.  The veto brought in a storm of criticism from populist supporters of the new bridge, who established the Free Bridge Party and ran William C. Jarvis against Lincoln in the 1827 election.  Lincoln approved the charter when it was resubmitted in 1828, after which the Charles River Bridge proprietors initiated a lawsuit.  With Daniel Webster as their attorney, the case Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge made its way to the United States Supreme Court, which in 1837 ruled that the state had not granted exclusive privileges to the Charles River Bridge proprietors.

Paragraph 7: One example is the “ Telegrafo Mercantil”  where  contains a poem in honor of the recently appointed viceroy Joaquín del Pino. The ideas of the enlightenment, especially practical and utilitarian knowledge to improve the quality of life, penetrated late in Spain due to isolation, traditionalist ideas and the peninsular Inquisition. It was this need to get Spain out of its growing backwardness, in the face of the development of the other European powers, that made the ministers and royal advisers transform these ideas into "state policy" .  The "enlightened" economic, social, administrative and political changes had to come from the top down: "All for the people but without the people." In this context, the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata was created in 1776; as well as the Hearing in 1785 and the Consulate of Buenos Aires in 1794. The demographic, economic and bureaucratic growth of Buenos Aires gave rise to the birth of a heterodox elite both within the Church and in the secular sectors abandoning many lawyers and other counsels. Several Spanish Americans traveled to Spain to study, such as Manuel José de Lavardén (1770-1778), Dean Gregorio Funes (1775-1779) and Manuel Belgrano (1786-1793).  In 1783 the Royal College of San Carlos was inaugurated at the initiative of Viceroy Vértiz and the leadership of the reformist canon Juan Baltazar Maciel, possessor of a wide and eclectic library that members of the elite could consult. All these changes not only aimed to increase the fiscal resources of the Crown, they also improved the living conditions of the inhabitants: health through the institution of the Protomedicato in 1780, the lighting of the streets and the reuse of the printing press of the Jesuits abandoned in Córdoba which, at the beginning of 1780, was transferred by the order of Viceroy Vértiz to Buenos Aires and given property to the Casa de los Niños Foundling for the printing of government documents or cathons and primers used by the Catholic Enlightenment.

Paragraph 8: He graduated from the University of Damascus in 1923 with a degree in law, and joined the city government in 1925. At this time he also actively ran his family's estates throughout the country. In the 1930s, he became close associates with leading members of the anti-French National Bloc coalition such as future presidents Hashim al-Atassi and Shukri al-Kuwatli. He remained a longtime supporter of the former, but often quarreled with the latter, whom he accused of being too authoritarian. In 1941 the French appointed him Prime Minister and Acting President, having had no success in finding a viable candidate since the resignation of the nationalist Atassi in 1939. However he was replaced 5 months later with a French loyalist, Taj al-Din al-Hasani. Azm served repeatedly in parliament and in the cabinet from 1943 to 1947. He became a focus of opposition when he resigned from the cabinet in 1945 and lead the forces opposed to Kuwatli's drive to amend the constitution to allow himself a second term in office. Kuwatli prevailed, and Azm ran against him in 1947 and lost. However he accepted the position of envoy to France and served in that capacity for a year. He concluded successful arms purchases from France and later from the Soviet Union. In May 1948, Azm agreed to form a multi-party cabinet under Kuwatli which served until March 1949. He allied himself with France and the United States and attempted to obtain loans from them for domestic development. He traveled frequently to attend United Nations assemblies on the Palestinian problem. Azm clashed with members of the military, especially Chief of Staff Husni al-Za'im. The latter launched a coup d'état on 29 March 1949 and imprisoned both Azm and president Kuwatli. When Za'im was overthrown five months later, Azm returned to parliament as deputy for Damascus and became Minister of Finance. He was also elected into the Constituent Assembly that drafted a new constitution for Syria. He became Prime Minister again under Hashim al-Atassi's second administration, in June 1950, heading three cabinets between then and 1951. Azm closed the border to Lebanese goods in an attempt to prevent the crash of domestic Syrian industry due to rampant Lebanese imports. He also clashed repeatedly with the military because he refused to appoint officers in any of his cabinets, and always reserved the defense portfolio for himself. He also clashed with pro-Hashemite elements in Syrian politics that advocated union with Iraq. Socialists distrusted him because of his aristocratic and wealthy Ottoman background. Azm left the public arena from 1951 to 1954 in protest over the coup of Adib al-Shishakli which toppled Atassi's democratic administration.

Paragraph 9: Omnibus In CollaborationA Taste of Heaven / Moonlight Lover / Gypsy Jewel / Sea Mistress (1993) (with Barbara Benedict, Patricia McAllister and Candace McCarthy)A Baby? Maybe (1996) (with Ann Major and Diana Palmer)For the Baby's Sake (1997) (with Mary Lynn Baxter and Kathleen Eagle)Summer Loving (1998) (with Diane Pershing, JoAnn Ross and Tiffany White)3, 2, 1... Married!: Catch a Cowboy, Collide with a Single Daddy, Get Personal (1999) (with Beverly Barton and Sharon Sala)Silhouette Sensational: Forgotten Vows...? / License to Love / Cowboy Daddy / Babies On His Mind (1999) (with Barbara Boswell, Susan Mallery and Maggie Shayne)Crazy for You (1999)In Defense of Love / Her Special Angel / Daddy Christmas / Home for Christmas (1999) (with Kathleen Creighton and Cathy Gillen Thacker)Take This Man (2000) (with Diana Palmer and Nora Roberts)Nine Months and Counting (2000) (with Myrna Temte)The Inheritance / Trueblood Texas (2001) (with Jo Leigh)Yuletide Brides: Christmas Bride / Father By Marriage (2001) (with Suzanne Carey)Dangerous to Love (2002) (with Beverly Barton and Lindsay McKenna)The Family Factor (2002) (with Carolyn Zane)Labor of Love (2002) (with Leanne Banks and Sharon Sala)At Her Service (2002) (with Annette Broadrick)A Mother's Day (2002) (with Elizabeth Bevarly and Emilie Richards)The Romance Collection (2002) (with Maureen Child and Sharon Sala)Everybody's Talking (2003) (with Jasmine Cresswell and Jayne Ann Krentz)Crime and Passion / Midnight Run (2004) (with Linda Castillo)Mother's Love (2004) (with Elizabeth Bevarly and Emilie Richards)Dangerous Games / Irresistible Forces (2004) (with Candace Irvin)Baby on the Way / Counting on a Cowboy / Secrets of a Small Town (2004) (with Patricia Kay and Karen Sandler)Scenes of Passion / A Bachelor and a Baby (2004) (with Suzanne Brockmann)Beauty and the Baby / Social Graces (2004) (with Dixie Browning)Cattleman's Heart / Strong Silent Type (2004) (with Lois Faye Dyer)Daddy Survey / Cavanaugh's Woman (2004) (with Janis Reams Hudson)California Christmas (2004) (with Dallas Schulze)Charlie's Angels / Diamonds and Deceptions (2004) (with Cheryl St. John)Alone in the Dark / Her Man to Remember (2004) (with Suzanne McMinn)Their New Year Babies (2004) (with Debbie Macomber)Inheritance / Very Special Delivery (2005) (with Myrna Mackenzie)Triple Dare / Immovable Objects (2005) (with Candace Irvin)For Love and Family / The Bachelor (2005) (with Victoria Pade)Her Good Fortune / Tycoon in Texas (2005) (with Crystal Green)Tycoon's Marriage Bid / Measure of a Man (2005) (with Allison Leigh)She's Having a Baby / Once and Again (2005) (with Brenda Harlen)In Broad Daylight / Romancing the Renegade (2005) (with Ingrid Weaver)Way Home / Cowboy's Christmas Miracle / Because a Husband is Forever (2005) (with Linda Howard and Anne McAllister)From This Day Forward (2005) (with Emilie Richards)Her Special Charm / Past Imperfect (2006) (with Crystal Green)Temporary Brides? (2006) (with Patricia Hagan)Instant Family! (2007) (with Christine Rimmer)

Paragraph 10: In 1962, she made her recording debut with the single, "Hey Fool", released on the small Donna record label. That same year, at the age of 16, she recorded the first version of Ed Cobb's ballad, "Every Little Bit Hurts", released as a single by Del-Fi Records.  She also recorded duets with Hal Davis for the Minasa and Snap labels, and worked with other local recording artists. After graduating from Jordan High School, she also studied music at Compton Community College. In late 1963, she was invited by Davis to a deejay's party which Motown CEO Berry Gordy Jr. was attending, and lip-synced to Mary Wells' hit "You Beat Me to the Punch".  Gordy was impressed by Holloway's looks, and subsequently by her vocal power, and opted to sign her to Motown. Holloway was 17 at the time, and was Motown's first West Coast signing.

Paragraph 11: The Binis, also called the Edo people, are people of the South South region of modern Nigeria; they are said to be around 3.8 million as of the 21st Century. They are ruled by monarchs, and are famous for their Benin Bronzes. In the pre-colonial period, they controlled a powerful empire. They are an ethnic group that is primarily found in Edo State, and spread across the Delta, Ondo, and Rivers states of Nigeria in smaller concentrations. The language they speak is called the Edo language. The Bini people are closely related to several other ethnic groups that usually speak Edoid languages, for example the Esan, however it is important to address the fact that the name "Benin" (and "Bini") is a Portuguese corruption, which came from the word "Ubinu", which came into use during the reign of Oba Ewuare the Great, c. 1440. The word "Ubinu" was used to depict and portray the royal administrative centre or capital proper of the kingdom, Edo. The word "Ubinu" was later corrupted to Bini by a number of mixed ethnicities staying together at the centre, and it was then further corrupted to Benin around the year 1485 at the time when the Portuguese people started making trade relations with Oba Ewuare.

Paragraph 12: Carissa is born with a face resembling a monkey. All her life, she and her disfigured family experienced persecution from all the people around her because she is branded as the town jinx. She and her family tried to run away but ended up as a sideshow in a carnival. She was mistreated by everyone and became an object of jokes as well as of disgust. But the happy-go-lucky guy, Mendez is different. Mendez befriended the disfigured Carissa and saw what others failed to see, her beautiful heart. There came a time that Mendez ultimately fell in love with "the monkey-girl". Meanwhile, Alicia has a bad feeling that there's something not right in her own house. The famous model has a feeling that her husband, the famous plastic surgeon, Hugo Roldan, is having an affair with her own best friend, Morita. She caught him red-handed and decided to go away. Hugo tried to beg for mercy so she would not go but she still left. Tragically, Alicia's flight crashed in the sea and she was one of the casualties. They never found her body and Hugo is left with nothing but remorse and guilt. If only he could bring back the wife he failed to love with all his heart. That is when he found the half-dead Carissa lying in the streets. Mendez left for work in an island resort to earn money for him and Carissa. While he is away, Shirley, the girl who also likes Mendez, forged his hand writing making Carissa believe that he left her for good. Then an epidemic spread across town and the poor Carissa was stoned by a mob thinking she is the jinx that brought the epidemic. Mendez came back for Carissa but they told him that Carissa died in an accident, then showed to him a fake grave. Now with nothing left in her heart but vengeance, Carissa agrees to be Hugo's test patient for a new revolutionary surgical procedure that could copy another person's face. Carissa studied manners, etiquette, fashion and everything about the high society. Carissa took the identity of Alicia. She is now what Alicia was, Hugo's "wife" and a goddess in the fashion industry. She agreed to this arrangement because of 2 reasons; to show gratitude to Hugo and to exact revenge on everyone who made her suffer. She was surprised that Alicia owned a resort and her bodyguard is Mendez. She went to the people that caused her pain and showed Mendez how she made them suffer. With the change of her face, her heart also changed. But still, Mendez could not explain why he is falling for a "horrible" woman like "Alicia". She was supposed to punish him but ended up falling for him even more. She can't bear her feelings anymore now that she knows what Shirley actually did. She told everything to Mendez and the lovers picked up where they left off. They had an "affair" but she is afraid what would Hugo do now that she saw Hugo's evil side. She then learns about the dark secrets of the face she now possess. Secrets that could ruin Hugo and bring back to Mendez what was stolen from him. Mendez's father, Dr. Pedroza was a famous plastic surgeon who created the procedure. But young, ambitious doctor Hugo stole the plan then made it as his own, destroying Dr. Pedroza's reputation. He then seduced Mrs. Pedroza which led to the heart attack and death of Dr. Pedroza, leaving the poor kid, Mendez with nothing that's why he grew up in the streets. Hugo then experimented on countless women like Carissa but ended up with dead patients including Carissa's sister. Now, Carissa just wants to leave with Mendez and hatched a plan to take Hugo's wealth that is really for Mendez. But will their plan prevail? Now that Hugo has also a plan as diabolical as their own.

Paragraph 13: On the October 18 episode of Raw is War, Big Boss Man challenged Big Show to a match and agreed to defend the WWF Hardcore Championship. Big Show accepted the challenge. However, before the match Big Show left the arena to check on his father, who had reportedly died (in storyline). The report was later revealed as a plan of Boss Man. On the October 21 episode of SmackDown, an enraged Big Show attempted to attack Boss Man but Boss Man escaped. Big Show then assaulted the police officer. On the October 25 episode of Raw is War, Boss Man distracted Big Show during his match with Prince Albert. Albert attacked Big Show from behind and Boss Man broke Big Show's father's watch with a hammer. As a result, Boss Man and Albert formed a new alliance. On the October 28 episode of SmackDown, Al Snow had a match with Boss Man. However, Boss Man's ally, Albert continuously interfered in the match and the two attacked Snow, leading him to challenge both men to a Hardcore match in the parking lot. Later that night, Boss Man and Albert went to the parking lot to wrestle Snow but instead of Snow, Big Show appeared. He trapped Boss Man and Albert in a car, smashed it into pieces and pushed a dumpster on the top of the car. On the November 1 episode of Raw is War, Boss Man and Albert attacked Big Show during an interview. On the November 8 episode of Raw is War, a tribute was paid to Big Show's father on his death. Boss Man came out and insulted Big Show and his father. On the November 11 episode of SmackDown, footage was shown of Boss Man interrupting the funeral, attacking Big Show and ruining the grave. This led to a Survivor Series match between Big Show's team (consisting of Kai En Tai (Funaki and Taka Michinoku) and The Blue Meanie) and Boss Man's team (consisting of Prince Albert, Viscera and Mideon). On the November 14 episode of Sunday Night Heat, Big Show attacked all of his team members, who withdrew from the team, making the match a 4-on-1 Survivor Series match.

Paragraph 14: WritingThe Incredible Melting Man was written and directed by filmmaker William Sachs. The idea for the film came to him when his mother, working in the office of a spray paint company, showed him "gooey stuff" which was used as a basis for spray paint and jokingly suggested that he should do a film featuring that material. During writing, Sachs was influenced by The Night of the Living Dead and wanted to give the film a 1950s horror film feeling. But the final film, with its structure changed by the producers in post-production, has been described by some sources – including the film magazine Cinefantastique and the 1995 book Cult Science Fiction Films – as a remake of First Man into Space (1959), another film about an astronaut who becomes a monster after an accident in space. Science fiction film historian Gene Wright suggested that the final film was heavily influenced by The Quatermass Xperiment (1955), a British horror film about an astronaut who begins mutating into an alien organism after a spaceflight. Sachs, however, had never seen either of those films, and his original screenplay had a very different structure. He had originally written the script for The Incredible Melting Man as a parody of horror films. According to Michael Adams, a film reviewer who interviewed Sachs, this was the reason that the film mixed horror with comedic moments, such as when Steve West's detached ear gets stuck on a tree, and when a janitor sweeps West's melted body into a garbage can at the end of the film. Adams claims that this explains several comedic lines of dialogue otherwise inconsistent with the rest of the film, including one moment when homeless men notice the melting West and say to each other, "You think we've got trouble, look at that dude". In Sachs' original version, the film opened with the wide-angle shot of the nurse running through the hallway; this would not have been in slow motion, unlike the final film, where the producers played it back slowed down. Only later would viewers have gradually learned the background of the melting man. All the scenes showing the astronauts in space and the lead character in the hospital were re-shot during post-production without influence by the director, and Sachs criticized both the acting in those scenes and how they restructure the film. There are logical problems in the final film due to the re-shot scenes; it is never fully explained how West's spacecraft returned to Earth from Saturn when West himself was so seriously injured and the other two members of his crew were both killed.

Paragraph 15: George Harrison guest stars in the episode as himself. He was the second Beatles member after Ringo Starr (in "Brush with Greatness") to appear on The Simpsons. When Harrison arrived at the recording studio in West Los Angeles to record his lines, the casting director told the episode's show runners, Al Jean and Mike Reiss, that Harrison was coming and that they were not allowed to tell anybody about it because it was intended to be a secret to the staff. Jean, Reiss, and the show's creator Matt Groening went to see Harrison in the studio, and when they returned to the writer's room, Groening, unaware that it was supposed to be a secret, said, "Guess who I just met! George Harrison!" Harrison arrived at the studio by himself, without any entourage or bodyguards. Groening recalls that Harrison was "pretty glum," and he was unenthusiastic when the staff asked him questions about the Beatles. However, when Groening asked Harrison about the Wonderwall Music album, he suddenly "perked up" because it was one of his solo albums that he was rarely questioned on. Harrison's guest appearance was one of Groening's favorites because he was "super nice" and "very sweet" to the staff. Jean said it was a "huge thrill" to have him appear. David Crosby also makes a guest appearance in the episode as himself, and appears in the scene in which he presents a Grammy Award to the Be Sharps.

Paragraph 16: Less than a year later, the center of the project had shifted to the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Manley received a personal call from Leo Szilard to move from the Metallurgical Laboratory to Los Alamos and on April 4, 1943, Manley arrived at the laboratory. Manley spent his first days in Los Alamos working with other newcomers on the construction of laboratory buildings. He also installed a Cockcroft–Walton generator, which he had brought with him from Urbana. Throughout the war Manley served as one of Oppenheimer's principal aides, with particular responsibility for laboratory management. His wife Kay moved to Los Alamos in June 1943, following the birth of their second daughter. She was hired as a human computer in the T (Theoretical) Division but then quit after six months to focus on raising their children.

Paragraph 17: There are two envelope glycoproteins. The G glycoprotein ectodomain assembles as a homotetramer to form the viral anti-receptor or attachment protein, which binds to the receptor on the host cell. Each strand in the ectodomain consists of four distinct regions: at the N-terminal and connecting to the viral surface is the helical stalk, followed by the beta-sandwich neck domain, the linker region and finally, at the C-terminal, four heads which contain host cell receptor binding domains.  Each head consists of a beta-propellor structure with six blades. There are three unique folding patterns of the heads, resulting in a 2-up/2-down configuration where two heads are positioned distal to the virus and two heads are proximal. Due to the folding patterns and subsequent arrangement of the heads, only one of the four heads is positioned with its binding site accessible to associate with the host B2/B3 receptor. The G protein head domain is also highly antigenic, inducing head-specific antibodies in primate models. As such, it is a prime target for vaccine development as well as antibody therapy. One head-specific antibody, m102.4, has been used in compassionate use cases and has completed Phase 1 clinical trials.  The F glycoprotein forms a trimer, which mediates membrane fusion.

Paragraph 18: The video of this song was directed by Jim Shea, and features footage of Paisley singing in a forest, as well as home movies of himself with his grandfather, Warren L. Jarvis. He also holds up photos of himself with Jarvis and his aunt Rita Takach. The video was filmed in Northern California. The extended version of the video ends with Jarvis in a home movie saying "Come on in and rock a while!" and Paisley smiling when he looks up from his guitar playing and sees this. It also features many different people holding photographs of loved ones who have presumably died. Two notable people featured in this video are Michael Reagan, who is shown holding a photograph of his father Ronald Reagan, and Teresa Earnhardt, who is shown sitting in front of a painted portrait of her husband, NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt. Although she does vocals on the song, Dolly Parton is off camera singing in the video. However, she is shown holding a picture of her grandfather, Rev. Jake Owens, who'd died a few years earlier. She kisses her hand then touches the photograph in this scene. Figure Skater Scott Hamilton is shown holding a picture of his mother. John Carter Cash is featured holding a photo of his parents, Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash. Also in the video is Pixar director John Lasseter holding up a picture of co-director and fellow CalArts alumnus Joe Ranft who suddenly died in 2005 in a car accident.  Various unknown people hold up photos of relatives who have passed on throughout as well. In 2007, after the Virginia Tech massacre, the last slide was dedicated to those lost with the VT emblem shining brightly. On tour in 2008, Paisley also added a picture of late actor Heath Ledger.

Paragraph 19:  Mouse (voiced by Louise Vallance) knew Bob from back when he arrested her from trying to hack into the Super-Computer. A hacker extraordinaire with a sugary Southern accent, she is equipped with a katana to cut her enemies into small pieces, and a high-tech craft called Ship. Sometimes she is seen with another, smaller sword, but she rarely uses it. It is probably a wakizashi to complete a samurai's daisho, which consists of the two aforementioned swords.  She is first mentioned in the episode "The Crimson Binome", which hints at an untold encounter between Mouse and the pirate crew of the Saucy Mare; Bob, imprisoned in the ship's brig, finds Mouse's calling card (a stylized drawing of a mouse) on the wall, a clue to an avenue of escape.  She first appears on-screen in "The Great Brain Robbery", hired as a mercenary by Megabyte (during the episode, she calls him "big guy" and "Megababe"); she turned against him when it became obvious she had been double-crossed and was endangering a young child. She later returned in Season 2 to save Bob and Dot from Gigabyte and ended up as part of the main cast from then on. She had been hired by the Guardians to discover if there was a Web Creature in Mainframe; during the subsequent Web War and then the Viral Wars, Mouse's hacking skills became a major asset in thwarting Mainframe's enemies, including developing a Firewall so complex that Daemon could not get through it, and was blocked from multiple Systems.  Due to her invaluable assistance, Mouse is allowed to upgrade her icon (and AndrAIa's as well) to a full Mainframe icon which, among other things, created a backup of her that allowed her to be restored along with the native Mainframers after the system crashed ("End Prog").

Paragraph 20: Tikki Tikki Tembo is set in ancient China and invents an ancient Chinese custom whereby parents honor their first-born sons with long, elaborate names that everyone is obliged to say completelyno nicknames, no shortening of any kindwhile second-born sons are typically given short, unimportant names.  A boy named Tikki Tikki Tembo-no Sa Rembo-chari Bari Ruchi-pip Peri Pembo ("The Most Wonderful Thing in the Whole Wide World") and his little brother Chang ("Little or Nothing") are playing very close to a well at their house that their mother has warned them to avoid. Chang falls in the well and his older brother runs to their mother and tells her Chang has fallen down the well. Their mother tells him to get the Old Man with the Ladder. He goes and tells the Old Man. Chang is rescued and then recovers quickly. Some time later, the boys are again playing near the well. This time, the older brother falls in. Chang runs to their mother and tries to tell her that "Tikki Tikki Tembo-no Sa Rembo-chari Bari Ruchi-pip Peri Pembo has fallen into the well." At first she cannot hear him so he says it again. However, because Chang is out of breath from running he sputters and then mispronounces the name. His mother insists that he repeat the namebut with respect. He tries repeatedly until finally his mother tells Chang to get the Old Man with the Ladder. Chang goes to the Old Man with the Ladder. Initially, the old man does not respond because he is asleep. Further, when Chang tries to wake him up, the Old Man with the Ladderannoyedtries to fall back asleep. After Chang breathlessly repeats his brother's predicament the Old Man goes with Chang to save his brother from the well. They get Tikki Tikki Tembo-no Sa Rembo-chari Bari Ruchi-pip Peri Pembo from the well, but because of the long time he was in the well, it takes longer for him to recover. The end of the story says that this is why the Chinese have short names.

Paragraph 21: Music for Relief contributed $57,000 in 2011 for the planting of 57,000 trees with The Nature Conservancy in Brazil's Atlantic Forest for their Plant A Billion Trees campaign. Only 12% of the Atlantic Forest's original area remains and only 7% is well conserved. It is one of the world's most endangered tropical forests, threatened by coastal development, urban expansion, and illegal logging. The forest provides clean water and hydro energy for over 130 million Brazilians and is home to an extraordinary array of biodiversity found nowhere else on earth. Much of what remains of the forest is found in isolated fragments, which are often too small to support a full array of its extraordinary biodiversity.

Paragraph 22: Scribner's Magazine was the second periodical publication of the  Scribner's  firm, after Scribner's Monthly was published from 1870 to 1881. Scribner's Monthly was later moved to another publisher, and renamed The Century Illustrated Monthly Magazine. Charles Scribner announced to a New York Times reporter that they would make a new monthly publication "as soon as the necessary arrangements could be perfected". It was also announced that the editor would be Edward Burlingame, the son of Anson Burlingame, who was already connected to the publishing house as literary adviser. Charles Scribner also noted that the magazine would not be a revival of the formerly published Scribner's Monthly. Charles Scribner's Sons spent over $500,000 in launching Scribner's Magazine   to compete with the already successful pictorials, The Atlantic Monthly and Harper's Magazine. Burlingame hired the best artists in his country for the magazine; Howard Pyle, Howard Chandler Christy, Charles Marion Russell, Walter Everett, Maxfield Parrish and Frederic Remington. Before the first issue was released, Charles Scribner's Sons had their first annual "Scribner's Magazine" dinner at their main offices. Scribner's Magazine was launched in January 1887, the first issue of which was to be published from January to June of that year. The magazine was printed and bound by Trow's Printing and Bookbinding Company. Scribner's Magazine was also the first magazine to introduce color illustrations later on. The first issue opens with the literary article "The Downfall to the Empire". by E.B. Washburne, the former minister to France. An early morning fire in 1908 at the Charles Scribner's Sons offices heavily burned the third and fourth floors, where the  magazine was produced. In May 1914, the magazine's editor, Edward L. Burlingame, retired and Robert Bridges took over as editor. (Bridges was a lifelong close friend of President Woodrow Wilson ever since the two had met as students at Princeton University.)  During the First World War, the magazine employed authors, Richard Harding Davis, Edith Wharton and John Galsworthy, to write about the major conflict. During the time of 1917, when the United States joined the war, the magazine had four to six articles on the subject. On the date of November 19, 1922, the first editor of the magazine, Edward L. Burlingame, died. In January 1928 the magazine had a change in format, with the first of the newly formatted issue having a cover design by Rockwell Kent.

Paragraph 23: In the third approach, disk operations are virtualized and are actually translated into a network protocol. The data that is usually stored in a disk drive are then stored in virtual disks files homed on a server. The disk operations such as requests to read/write disk sectors are translated into corresponding network requests and processed by a service or daemon running on the server side. This is the implementation that is used by Neoware Image Manager, Ardence, VHD Central Management System and various "boot over iSCSI" products. This third approach differs from the first approach because what is remote is not a file system but actually a disk device (or raw device) and that the client OS is not aware that it is not running off a hard disk. This is why this approach is sometimes named "Virtual Hard Disk" or "Network Virtual Disk".

Paragraph 24: Hepatitis B, hepatitis C and Human immunodeficiency virus infection are classical examples of blood-borne diseases.  Unlike hepatitis A, which is spread by the fecal-oral route and is indicative of a breakdown in food safety or potable water protection, hepatitis B, C and HIV are spread by contact with bodily fluids, most frequently blood, although in the case of HIV, not exclusively so.  Also, unlike hepatitis A in which the sufferer almost always recovers completely, or rarely dies, both hepatitis B and C often give rise to chronic carrier states and indolent disease in many.  At present, Hepatitis C is the most common reason for liver transplantation in the US while HIV is currently incurable although its clinical course can be modified.  In any case, between them, they have changed awareness of infectious disease in sports, and certainly changed management on the playing surface.  Ironically, evidence for transmission of any of the three as a result of injury and/or contact on the playing surface is exceedingly limited and the greatest risk to the athlete surrounds behavior that may take place off court.  A case report in 1982 described 5 of 10 members of a Japanese high school sumo wrestling club who contracted hepatitis.  It was hypothesized that spread had occurred through skin cuts and abrasions. An outbreak of HBV in an American football team was reported in 2000.  Eleven of 65 athletes were found to be HBV positive in a 19-month surveillance period.  Contact with open wounds of an HBV carrier was again hypothesized. Both of those case reports originated in Japan.  HBV transmission has been estimated to be 50 to 100 times more likely than the risk of transmission of HIV.  HBV is also more environmentally stable, is resistant to alcohol and some detergents, and to be capable of surviving on environmental surfaces for more than seven days.  The risk of transmission in sport has been estimated at between one transmission in every 10,000 to 50,000 games to one transmission in every 850,000 to 4.25 million games.  These calculations are based on the estimated prevalence of HBV among athletes and it should be appreciated that aggressive and successful HBV immunization programs have been promoted since.  Another study has described the prevalence of HBV infection in athletes as being no different from blood donors of the same age.

Paragraph 25: While it takes light approximately 2.54 million years to traverse the gulf of space between Earth and, for instance, the Andromeda Galaxy, it would take a much shorter amount of time from the point of view of a traveler at close to the speed of light due to the effects of time dilation; the time experienced by the traveler depending both on velocity (anything less than the speed of light) and distance traveled (length contraction). Intergalactic travel for humans is therefore possible, in theory, from the point of view of the traveler. For example, a rocket that accelerated at standard acceleration due to gravity toward the Andromeda Galaxy and started to decelerate halfway through the trip would arrive in about 28 years, from the frame of reference of the observer.

Paragraph 26: In a speech he gave in 1884, he stated the standard by which all pledges and brothers should be judged by, which is now known as the Jordan Standard. Following graduation from Miami, he studied law, was admitted to the bar, and practiced law in Dayton, Ohio and Cincinnati,  during which time he changed his middle initial to M (meaning nothing in particular) to distinguish himself from his brother and law partner Jackson A. Jordan, as he thought people would confuse J.A. and I.A. Jordan.  Isaac Jordan may have been born a Pennsylvania farm boy, but his ambitions were far grander than tending animals and harvesting crops. An important part of his life's journey was set early on when he moved to Ohio with his family and met Ben Runkle, who later described Jordan as a "playmate of my boyhood, a schoolmate, and a friend for the long and strenuous years of manhood... with boundless energy, lofty ambitions, gifted with untiring perseverance and the ability that made success a certainty." Jordan and Runkle, who was two years Jordan's junior, landed at Miami University together for college, and fittingly became fraternity brothers, first as Dekes, then as founders of the new fraternity, Sigma Phi, which later became known as Sigma Chi. Jordan displayed his goal-oriented nature throughout his collegiate career, and it was no surprise that he went straight to law school and practiced as an attorney until he was elected in 1882 to the U.S. Congress. In 1884, Brother Jordan gave a talk in which he outlined his view of the criteria by which a student should be considered for membership in Sigma Chi. That brief statement, which stresses the qualities of good character, became known as "The Jordan Standard." Who knows how far Jordan's ambitious purposes may have taken him had he not died unexpectedly in 1890. What is known is that this self-made man was admired deeply for his relentless energy, broad talents and unwavering dedication to all that he pursued.

Paragraph 27: As a veteran, Henry was interested in the decision that the Mississippi legislature had exempted returning veterans from paying the poll tax. Under the poll tax laws, a person had to have paid his poll tax for two years prior to the time that he voted. Therefore, he tried to get black Mississippians to go down to the courthouse to register to vote. However, several veterans, who were non-white, were unable to register. When Henry went to the circuit clerk's office to register, he was rejected, as had been other black Americans. The clerk asked Henry to bring a certificate showing that he was exempt from the poll tax. Although he brought the certificate, the clerk said that Henry still needed to pass various tests to show that he was qualified to vote. He was finally able to register to vote after he read several sections of the state constitution and went satisfactorily through more tests. Henry used the G.I. Bill, a law that provided educational benefits for World War II veterans, to enroll in the pharmacy school at Xavier University. When he graduated in 1950 with a pharmaceutical degree, he married Noelle Michael and went into his own pharmacy business. As a businessman in Clarksdale, he became involved in local and state activities, particularly events such as African-American voter registration. He decided to organize an NAACP branch in Clarksdale because of the incident where two black girls were raped by two white men who were subsequently judged not guilty. W.A. Higgins, who was the principal of the black high school and already a member of NAACP, made the suggestion, and the NAACP national headquarters encouraged Henry and Higgins to organize a local branch of the NAACP. In 1959, Henry was elected president of the Mississippi organization, and served in the NAACP for decades. Henry became close friends with Medgar Evers, who worked as a secretary for the NAACP in 1950. On June 12, 1963, Evers was assassinated in his driveway in Jackson, Mississippi and his assassination had a great impact on Henry.

Paragraph 28: Arthur Middleton Young (November 3, 1905 – May 30, 1995) was an American inventor, helicopter pioneer, cosmologist, philosopher, astrologer, and author. Young was the designer of Bell Helicopter's first helicopter, the Model 30, and inventor of the stabilizer bar used on many of Bell's early helicopter designs. He founded the "Institute for the Study of Consciousness" in Berkeley in 1972. Young advocated process philosophy, an attempt to integrate the realm of human thought and experience with the realm of science so that the concept of universe is not limited to that which can be physically measured.  Young's theory embraces evolution and the concept of the great chain of being.  He has influenced such thinkers as Stanislav Grof and Laban Coblentz.

Paragraph 29: As a whole, KX Television has long trailed NBC North Dakota in the ratings by a significant margin; the main stations and their satellites are counted as one station for ratings and regulatory purposes. However, KXMC has historically been well ahead of KMOT in the ratings for the northern part of the market. This is largely because it is the only station airing a full schedule of local news for the northern part of the market. Also, KX News Morning has recently surged well ahead of NBC North Dakota's Country Morning Today—the first time in recent memory that NBC North Dakota has lost consecutive ratings periods in any time slot.

Paragraph 30: In his review of The Monkey King, writer Ray Olson writes that Terada's artwork "explodes with energy, overflows with baroque lineation and voluptuous figuration, exploits color like a chameleon with multiple personality disorder." His unique pictorial style—which pulls from an internal lexicon of imagined elements—combines Western and Asian comic conventions and motifs. Pulling from this large internal bank of visual vocabulary, he is known for doing hours-long live-drawing events, in which he creates original artworks line-by-line from imagination without sketching, a type of event popularized by Korean artist Kim Jung Gi. He describes his design process as pulling from his internal visual bank: "I have a habit of looking at objects and imagining how they would transfer from shapes to lines. Over time, I have built a visual library in my head where I am able to pull up these images and details when I need them." By drawing lines that he describes as not existing in the natural world, he builds original images, characters, and subjects one pen-stroke at a time. Speaking to his live-drawing practice, Terada notes: "The drawing starts as soon as the line becomes visible. As the lines start to emerge, you start to see more connections. Things come to a halt when they stop appearing. So, I try to avoid making mistakes. I look closely at what I am doing and go through a catalogue of objects (in my head). I put them together and then start to draw, while questioning if what I am doing is correct. If I check that I haven't made any mistakes, eventually I feel alright with the creation. It might not be a feeling of total satisfaction, but I think this type of journey is what live drawing is all about." Over the years his work has spanned a range of media, using water-based markers, paints, brush pens and pencils, as well as digital media. Presently, Terada says that he sketches nearly everything on a 13" iPad Pro, allowing him to work with speed and freedom.