Paragraph 1: Volcanic activity in the Andes occurs in four regions, the Northern Volcanic Zone, the Central Volcanic Zone, the Southern Volcanic Zone and the Austral Volcanic Zone. The first three of these are found where the Nazca Plate subducts beneath the South America Plate, while the last zone occurs at the subduction zone of the Antarctic Plate. The Andean Central Volcanic Zone runs along the Western Cordillera of the Andes and along the Altiplano. During the Neogene, the position of this volcanic arc moved eastward and the arc became broader, probably due to a change in the tilt of the slab of the Nazca Plate. Volcanic activity during this time was heavily influenced by local strike-slip faults which acted to channel the magma flows. About 7 million years ago, tectonics and volcanic activity changed in the region probably in response to the delamination of the crust beneath the region: Large scale ignimbrites were erupted at Galán and small back-arc volcanoes erupted mafic basaltic andesite lavas. These small volcanic centres consist of lava domes, lava flows, maars, scoria cones and tuff rings.

Paragraph 2: Garrett Floyd debuted in 2006 as Mayor of Port Charles. Even though he was mayor of the town for 5 years, he is not liked by most people in Port Charles. It was revealed in June 2009 he has a wife named Andrea Floyd, whom he often cheated on with several different mistresses. On June 10, 2009 Patrick Drake, Robin Scorpio-Drake, and Olivia Falconeri walked into a room at the Metro Court Hotel to find Brianna Hughes, lying unconscious on the bed with Garrett. It was revealed she was his mistress. Garrett told the trio she bumped her head while they were having sexual relations in the shower. Brianna was taken to General Hospital. Days later, she died in surgery. Robin, Patrick, Damian Spinelli, Maxie Jones, and Sam McCall then set out to investigate the true cause of her death. Patrick and Robin had their suspicions Brianna had actually been murdered by Garrett in an attempt to cover up their affair. Garret quickly became a suspect in her murder. However, as the clues piled in and his alibi checked out, Garrett was cleared and a new suspect emerged – Alexis Davis. During the murder investigation, it was revealed Garrett and Alexis had a secret and adulterous one night stand in the summer of 2006. News of the scandal had an adverse reaction on Alexis' two youngest daughters, Kristina Corinthos-Davis and Molly Lansing-Davis who did not like how their mother was being portrayed in the media. News of their affair also brought the jealous wrath of Garret's wife Andrea down on Alexis' head. Andrea, who was later revealed to be the true murderer. She began to frame Alexis for the murder, painting her as a jealous ex-lover who wanted to eliminate the competition. Andrea stalked and taunted Alexis. They got into several confrontations. When Andrea herself became a suspect in the murder, she planted fake evidence in Alexis' home and even poisoned Edward Quartermaine to keep him quiet about the murder. Later that day, in an ironic twist, Edward suffered a heart attack due to the poisoning, which caused him to lose control of his car and run down Andrea down at a carnival. She later died at General Hospital and her role as Brianna's murderer was revealed to all, clearing Alexis. In the summer of 2011, Garret oversaw the graduation ceremony of students graduating from Madison Preparatory School. When Michael Corinthos got into a fight with another student Bryce who was taunting Michael's younger sister, Kristina, Garrett banned both Michael and Bryce from the graduation ceremony and refused to hand over their diplomas. However, after the ceremony, Garrett was strong-armed by Michael's father Sonny Corinthos. He eventually handed over Michael's diploma to Sonny, who awarded his son with his diploma at Michael and Kristina's graduation party. On December 6, 2011, Garrett comes into Jake's with Diane Miller, saying he has resigned from being mayor and is now the owner and editor-in-chief of the local newspaper, the Port Charles Press, formerly the Port Charles Herald. He also says he is going by his middle name, Prescott, or Pres for short because Garret Floyd is attached to scandals he had as mayor.

Paragraph 3: O'Bannon briefly trained for war in the Caribbean and sailed from Boston on 29 August 1942 for the Southwest Pacific, where the long and arduous Guadalcanal campaign had just begun. For over a year, the Navy—stretched thin to cover its worldwide commitments at a period when new ships were just beginning to join the fleet in any number—was to fight and fight again in the Solomon Islands in one of the most bitterly contested campaigns of history, wresting air and sea control from the Japanese and providing the Marine Corps and the Army with every possible support as they gained ground inch by inch on the myriad islands. Assigned the Destroyer Squadron 21 (DesRon 21), O'Bannon played a valiant part in these endeavors, winning a Presidential Unit Citation.

Paragraph 4: It has been well-documented that Black male college students experience greater dropout and lower grades. When compared with their Black female counterparts, Black males were also more likely to drop out of high school and college. Researchers asserted that the distress and academic attrition that may be present with Black males at historically White universities should not be attributed to their lack of academic preparedness, rather the aftermath of subtle and cumulative racial discrimination that occurs in those places. One of Smith's earliest studies on racial battle fatigue gathered 36 African American college students enrolled in historically white university campuses into focus groups with guided discussions. During the time of the study, the students had been enrolled at: Harvard University; University of California, Berkeley; University of Michigan, University of Michigan Law School; University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign; and Michigan State University. The students reported psychological responses aligned with racial battle fatigue and all perceived the college environment to be more hostile towards African American males than other groups. Consistent patterns described by the students involved experiences of hypersurvellience and control from white people and anti-Black stereotyping. Another published article on the findings from the study expressed stereotyping and scrutinizing from campus police officers. One student recounted an incident while at UC Berkeley: "[At] Underhill [residence hall], all last semester, almost every night, there’s Whites, there’s Asians in Underhill playing Frisbee, or playing football, or what have you at one o’clock in the morning. [They are] out there yelling, having a good time, and never [having] any problems. So, me and my friends [all Black males] are out there about to play some football, and it’s like 11 o’clock. All of a sudden, UCBP [UC-Berkeley Police] sweeps up. First, it’s one car, and they get out the car and it’s like, ‘We got some complaints. You guys need to leave.’ Mind you, there’s about maybe 10 of us and we’re out there still just tossing the football around. Then, after [the UCBP officer] is there for maybe about two minutes, all of a sudden from this entrance over here, we have two other [UCBP squad] cars swooping in on Underhill lot."Despite stating to the police rationally that they were using campus property, the student and his friends were asked to leave or be arrested. The messages perceived by the students is that they as [Black males] were unwanted, unvalued, and not as respected compared to his other non-Black college peers. This experience may also reflects  community policing tactics employed by the police against Black males as a larger systemic issue.

Paragraph 5: Varsity and Inter-fraternal sports were intertwined in the first half of the 20th century. Early campus sporting legends were often members of campus fraternities. The most notable example is Sigma Chi's Bronco Nagurski, a standout Football All-American in 1929 who played for Minnesota from 1927 to 1929. He was named to the College Football Hall of Fame in its inaugural year of 1951. Pledging during the Fall of 1927, Nagurski participated in the rowdy social scene, endless buffet dinners and the arduous pledge process that would later be outlined by his biographer, Jim Dent. His experience was similar to other members in an era where Hell week was a requirement regardless of social or athletic status. Ninety years later, Nagurski's jersey and photo are still enshrined at the fraternity house where he remains as revered today as he was during his collegiate career. Another example is Phi Sigma Kappa's Bert Baston, likewise a standout All-American in both the 1915 and 1916 seasons. Baston later served as the Varsity Gophers' Ends Coach from 1930 to 1941, and again from 1946 to 1950, and was named to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1954. Alpha Delta Phi's Bernie Bierman was Head Coach at Minnesota from 1932 to 1950, likewise with a 4-year break for WWII service. He and Baston powered their 1915 team to a national championship as undergrads. Later, as Head Coach, Bierman went on to win five national championships and election to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1955. Bud Grant, long-time coach of the Minnesota Vikings was a three-sport, nine-letter athlete at Minnesota and a member of Phi Delta Theta, later elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Sigma Chi served up three other All-Americans: Herb Joesting, a full back, elected to the 'Hall in 1954, All-American in 1926–27 and a chapter contemporary of Nagurski; George Gibson, fellow namesake of the Gibson-Nagurski football complex, selected as an All-American in 1928; and Earl Martineau, selected as an All-American in 1922 and 1923. Thus a single chapter had four All-Americans (two Hall of Famers) within a seven-year span, close enough for the four to be photographed, dressed for practice (pictured). A sixth campus All-American was Phi Delta Theta's Dick Wildung, 1942 team captain, NFL first-round draftee to the Packers, and yet another inductee into the College Football Hall of Fame, elected in 1957. Several decades later, another chapter boasted three outstanding Hall of Fame athletes at the same time: Carl Eller, Vikings legend, was a U of MN standout from 1959 to 1962, Bobby Bell was twice elected All-American, playing from 1960 to 1962, and Sandy Stephens, playing from 1959 to 1961, was named an All-American quarterback. All three were members of Alpha Phi Alpha. In all, 14 of 19 Gopher players who have been named to the College Football Hall of Fame as of 2021 have been members of campus fraternities.

Paragraph 6: An adapted depiction of D'Spayre appeared in the second season of the live-action Marvel Cinematic Universe television series Cloak & Dagger, portrayed by Brooklyn McLinn. This version is Andre Deschaine, a former jazz musician who gave up his career due to developing severe headaches after a performance in which he attempted to hit a special "blue note". The headaches led him to attempt suicide by jumping off of a bridge just a nearby Roxxon oil platform exploded. After being exposed to the energies that were released, Deschaine gained the ability to drain people's hopes, which allow him to feed off of their despair to relieve his headaches. To provide himself with victims, he established a kidnapping and sex trafficking ring with a "community center" serving as a front, and hired Lia Dewan, a nurse he met and coerced into joining him while in the hospital following the explosion, as his assistant. Additionally, he keeps his victims' emotions in the form of "records" in a metaphysical record store. After kidnapping Tandy Bowen with Dewan's help, Deschaine lies to Tyrone Johnson about Bowen's whereabouts and endeavors to put him under a spell. Later on, Deschaine visits Voodoo priestess Chantelle Fusilier to try and find information about his veve. Fusilier visits his record store and tells Deschaine he can become a Loa if he unlocks the veve. However, Mayhem smashes his records, releasing his victims from their despair and allowing Johnson to help Bowen escape. Despite this setback, Deschaine enthralls New Orleans's citizens and disappears with them. He eventually unlocks his veve, enters the Loa Dimension, and becomes D'Spayre, but is followed by Johnson and Bowen, with earthly assistance from Mayhem and Voodoo priestess Evita. With additional help from their allies Melissa Bowen, Mikayla Bell, and Mina Hess, Johnson and Bowen defeat and kill him with a sword of light, turning his power against him.

Paragraph 7: When the show first began its run, the original opening started with the "wedding photo" (even though they are moving in it) of the Malloys, with their smiles fading, and showed clips of the father leaving and walking through the slum to his new place. While walking, a man runs by him holding a TV, chased by another man who stops, takes a shooting stance, and fires a gun at the thief. The next clip shows the father as he walks past the first man lying face down, TV near his hands, as he enters his apartment. The theme song played over the opening was Bobcat Goldthwait (and possibly others) singing "We married young, because of cupid. And had three kids, but we were stupid. She kicked me out, she's not my honey. But she still wants me, when she needs money. Now I'm alone, come rain or sunny. But who needs love? I've got my bunny." In the final scene of the final episode, this is the song Jack sings with Mr. Floppy, but with slightly modified lyrics. "I married young, because of cupid. And had three kids, but you were stupid. I could've been rich, instead I'm a loser. But at least we're happy, 'cause you're a boozer. Now I'm alone, come rain or sunny. But who needs love? I've got my bunny."

Paragraph 8: Two rebellious children, Lindsey and Kevin Kingston, sabotage the relationships of their divorced mother, determined to keep her single until their parents reconcile. Meanwhile, Nick Persons, a bachelor who dislikes children, purchases a brand new car and boasts with his beloved bobblehead doll of Satchel Paige who comes to life at its own will though only Nick can hear him. After reaching his sports shop, he witnesses the woman of his dreams, Suzanne Kingston. On his way to talk to her, he is disgusted to find she has two kids, who turn out to be Lindsey and Kevin. Later that night, Nick runs into Suzanne and agrees to take her home. On New Year's Eve, he brings her to the local airport to go to Vancouver for a business meeting, but her former husband Frank calls to say he is sick and cannot bring the children to the airport, leaving her to put her trust in Nick.

Paragraph 9: Katrina Elizabeth DiCamillo was born on March 25, 1964, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Betty Lee DiCamillo (), a teacher, and Adolph Louis DiCamillo, an orthodontist. DiCamillo has an older brother and had pet dogs as a child. She had chronic pneumonia as a child and was often hospitalized. In hopes of helping her sickness, the family moved to the warmer climate of Clermont, Florida, when Kate was five. Her father remained in Philadelphia with his business, but visited on occasion. Although he originally planned to move with the family after selling his practice, this never happened. DiCamillo was an avid reader as a child and often visited the local library. She later credited her mother for sparking her love for books. DiCamillo also often turned to reading when she was particularly sick with pneumonia and unable to do much else. She wanted to be a veterinarian until she was around ten.

Paragraph 10: Foxx's two previous solo albums, Metamatic (1980) and The Garden (1981), had included a number of compositions written for earlier projects but shelved for one reason or another, such as "He's a Liquid" and "Touch and Go", originally performed live with Ultravox, and "Systems of Romance" and "Walk Away", written during sessions for the album Systems of Romance. In contrast The Golden Section was almost wholly made up of material written especially for the album in 1983, the exceptions being "Like a Miracle" an earlier version of which was recorded during the Metamatic sessions and released on the deluxe edition of that album, and "Endlessly", an early version of which Foxx had released as a single in mid-1982. Another eight songs he recorded around the same time as "Endlessly", that were to have formed an album, were scrapped.

Paragraph 11: The Myth of the Ages follows. In the Hesiodic scheme, there were five ages of mankind: the Golden Age, Silver Age, Bronze Age, Heroic Age, and the present age, that of Iron. Race of gold man lived in the time of Cronus, an age of plenty and peace, for the earth gave for all their needs of its own accord and rivalries of any kind were thus unknown. Men of the Golden Age never aged, and when they died they went as though to sleep. When this age came to an end, its population became guardians of mankind, protecting them from evils and granting them wealth. The Silver Age was much worse than the Golden, both in stature and temperament. People lived as children with their mothers for a hundred years. Once they came of age, they lived but a brief time, suffering because of their foolishness. They fought with one another and did not obey the gods. Angry at their impiety, Zeus destroyed the race; still, they are granted the honor of being called "chthonic blessed mortals". The Bronze Race was fearsome and warlike. Their weapons were bronze, they lived in bronze houses, and they wore bronze armour; black iron did not exist yet. They fell at each other's hands and came to an inglorious end. The race of heroes was more just and noble. Though demigods, they too fell in war, most notably those at Thebes and Troy. After death, they were transported to the Isles of the Blessed where they lived a postmortem life of plenty similar to the Golden Age. Hesiod then laments that he lived during the Iron Age, which is characterized by toil and hardship. He predicts that Zeus will destroy his race, too, when men are born gray-haired, and all moral and religious standards are ignored. Aidos and Nemesis will depart the earth, leaving behind ills against which there will be no bulwark.

Paragraph 12: 29 transactions with Direct Revenue (or its distributors) were alleged. In transactions where the attorney general's investigator dealt directly with Direct Revenue, the installation of the adware client was preceded by a license agreement explaining how the adware client operated and how to uninstall it; the agreement also explained the limitations on Direct Revenue's liability. In each case the investigator clicked "yes" on a button, indicating assent to the agreement. There were problems with some installations that were initiated by Direct Revenue's third-party distributors (for example, the license agreement and uninstall instructions were not always displayed prior to installation). However, the court held that Direct Revenue was protected by its Standard Distribution Agreement, a document that directed the third-party distributors to obtain legally valid affirmative consent and make all legally necessary disclosures prior to installation of the adware client. Turning back claims based on the 29 transactions completed by state investigators, the court said there was no basis to entertain the attorney general's claims on behalf of all other individuals who allegedly downloaded the Direct Revenue adware client. Finally, it held, disgorgement of profits would not be an appropriate remedy in this case; Direct Revenue distributed its adware client free of charge and took nothing of value from consumers who downloaded it.

Paragraph 13: On the morning of 4 March, Williams was ordered to advance back up the ridge line to retrieve the wounded and killed from the day before. Twenty-six men led by Sergeant Jones of 4th platoon were sent up the ridge. The patrol had only just cleared their perimeter line when they were engaged by the PAVN. A Company came under fire from all around their position. The PAVN used weapons and ammunition captured during the battle the day before including M79 grenade launcher and M60 machine gun to assault their position. At 11:25 an attempt was made to insert B Company on a ridge line to the northeast of the hill with the purpose of reinforcing A Company. The initial attempt was thwarted when the lead helicopter reported taking heavy fire at the landing zone. A second insertion was attempted at 13:28, but again took fire and evacuated. Using radios captured from A Company the PAVN intercepted U.S. communications and knew that B Company was attempting to reinforce A Company and PAVN soldiers on the northern side of the perimeter yelled in English not to shoot and that they were B Company. A Company believing the trick left their foxholes to approach what they thought was B Company. The PAVN engaged the A Company men point blank. The ruse broke morale and caused one man to bolt into the forest, after this A Company’s northern perimeter collapsed. Williams gave the order to retreat along a stream bed downhill, where they regrouped under constant fire. They continued along another stream bed that took them to the top of a hill where they stopped and engaged pursuing PAVN troops. The company radioed for extraction and was guided to a landing zone by a Light Observation Helicopter and was extracted at 15:25. At 15:40 B Company was successfully inserted to their LZ on the north east side of the hill after strikes from artillery and gunships. At 16:00 D Company made an attempt to reach A Company’s position to the north, but came into contact with a PAVN force while moving along a trail. After a brief firefight the PAVN retreated and D Company was able to rescue a prisoner from A Company. The prisoner Private first class Guffy indicated that there was a large PAVN force to their north in prepared bunkers. D Company was then ordered back to Hill 947 and ordered to dig in and prevent the PAVN from escaping to the south. During the night the PAVN probed D company’s perimeter, but were repulsed. According to accounts from Lieutenant John Bauer, Guffy reported that after his position had been taken and A Company had retreated the PAVN executed wounded A Company prisoners, he was left alive because the PAVN required a prisoner.

Paragraph 14: In 1821, when Kapodistrias learned that Prince Alexander Ypsilantis had invaded the Ottoman protectorate of Moldavia (modern north-eastern Romania) with the aim of provoking a general uprising in the Balkans against the Ottoman Empire, Kapodistrias was described as being "like a man struck by a thunderbolt". Czar Alexander, committed to upholding the established order in Europe, had no interest in supporting a revolt against the Ottoman Empire, and it thus fell to Kapodistrias to draft a declaration in Alexander's name denouncing Ypsilantis for abandoning "the precepts of religion and morality", condemning him for his "obscure devices and shady plots", ordering him to leave Moldavia at once and announcing that Russia would offer him no support. As a fellow Greek, Kapodistrias found this document difficult to draft, but his sense of loyalty to Alexander outweighed his sympathy for Ypsilantis. On Easter Sunday, 22 April 1821, the Sublime Porte had the Patriarch Grigorios V publicly hanged in Constantinople at the gate of his residence in Phanar. This, together with other news that the Ottomans were killing Orthodox priests, led Alexander to have Kapodistrias draft an ultimatum accusing the Ottomans of having trampled on the rights of their Orthodox subjects, of breaking treaties, insulting the Orthodox churches everywhere by hanging the Patriarch and of threatening "to disturb the peace that Europe has bought at so great a sacrifice". Kapodistrias ended his ultimatum: "The Ottoman government has placed itself in a state of open hostility against the Christian world; that it has legitimized the defense of the Greeks, who would thenceforth be fighting to save themselves from inevitable destruction; and that in view of the nature of that struggle, Russia would find herself strictly obliged to offer them help because they were persecuted; protection, because they would be in need of it; assistance, jointly with the whole of Christendom; because she could not surrender her brothers in religion to the mercy of a blind fanaticism". As the Sublime Porte declined to answer the Russian ultimatum within the seven day period allowed after it was presented by the ambassador Baron Georgii Stroganov on 18 July 1821, Russia broke off diplomatic relations with the Ottoman Empire. Kapodistrias became increasingly active in support of Greek independence from the Ottoman Empire, but did not succeed in obtaining Alexander's support for the Greek revolution of 1821. This put Kapodistrias in an untenable situation and in 1822 he took an extended leave of absence from his position as Foreign Minister and retired to Geneva where he applied himself to supporting the Greek revolution by organising material and moral support.

Paragraph 15: As Tropical Storm Bill made landfall on Louisiana, its effects were felt in the Alabama coast as well, as heavy surf and tidal flooding pounded the coastline of the state. High waters closed a road to Dauphin Island and portions of a road along Mobile Bay. Bill dropped over  of rain across the southern half of Alabama, with isolated locations receiving over . Due to wet conditions for months preceding the storm, rainfall from Bill led to flash flooding in many counties. The deluge led to overflown rivers and streams, and left several roadways temporarily impassable from high floodwaters. Saturated grounds and wind gusts of  downed numerous trees. Many downed trees landed on power lines, which caused power outages for around 19,000 people. One downed tree destroyed a car, and another damaged a roof of a house. In Lee County, a man was required to be rescued after driving through high flood waters. Roadway flooding resulted in a few minor traffic accidents. Also, the outer bands of the storm spawned an F1 tornado in Crenshaw County. Early in its path, it was narrow, and damage was limited to downed trees, two destroyed sheds, and a few houses experiencing light shingle damage or damage from fallen trees. Later, it expanded to reach a width of  as it moved northwestward. The tornado destroyed the roofs of two houses, one of which experienced damage to its walls. The tornado dissipated eight minutes after its  path began, resulting in $200,000 in damage (2003 USD, $  USD) and only slight injuries A second tornado, rated F0 in the Fujita scale, occurred in southwestern Montgomery County. A small tornado with a width of only , it moved to the northwest and tore down a few trees that fell onto a mobile home, a house, and two cars. The tornado dissipated six minutes after its  path began. Throughout Alabama, Tropical Storm Bill caused around $300,000 in damage (2003 USD, $  USD).

Paragraph 16: Saigal was born on 11 April 1904 in Jammu to a Punjabi family. His father, Amarchand Saigal was a tehsildar at the court of the Maharaja Pratap Singh of Jammu and Kashmir, while his mother, Kesarbai Saigal, was a deeply religious Hindu lady who was very fond of music. She used to take her young son to religious functions where bhajan, kirtan and shabad were sung in traditional styles based on classical Indian music. Saigal was the fourth-born child of five, following two elder brothers and an elder sister, and preceding a younger brother. His formal schooling was brief and uneventful. As a child he occasionally played the Sitar in the Ramlila of Jammu. He was the first cousin of famous character actors, Chaman Puri, Madan Puri and Amrish Puri. 

Paragraph 17: Sage was born Karen Rachael Weitzman in 1971 in Port Chester, New York, to shoe designer Stuart Weitzman and his wife, Jane. Sage studied drama and ballet before switching to music. A self-taught pianist, influenced by her parents' doo-wop and the Beatles records, as well as Broadway cast albums, she created demos on a four-track recording system she received as a bat mitzvah present. During junior high school, Sage gained admission to the School of American Ballet. Sage attended Stanford University where she hosted a nighttime college radio show as "Full Moon Rachael". She studied theater with professors such as playwright Anna Deavere Smith, and graduated in 1993 with a degree in drama. For one year, she was in the Actors Studio MFA program. Her performance in their New York talent search won her a place on the Village Stage of the 1999 Lilith Fair.

Paragraph 18: He continued to maintain and transplant the tumor in different individuals. In 1911, he made a seminal observation that cell-free filtrate (using Berkefeld filter that separate bacteria and large microbes) of chicken sarcoma could produce a malignant tumor when transferred to other chickens, describing:A transmissible sarcoma of the chicken has been under observation in this laboratory for the past fourteen months, and it has assumed of late a special interest because of its extreme malignancy and a tendency to wide-spread metastasis... small quantities of a cell-free filtrate have sufficed to transmit the growth to susceptible fowls. This finding, that cancer could be transmitted by a virus (now known as the Rous sarcoma virus, a retrovirus), was widely discredited by most of the field's experts at that time as "utter nonsense" as it was a medically accepted fact that cancer was not an infection. As recorded by Charles Oberling:Tumor pathology was then completely under the spell of the German school of pathologic anatomy which, probably as an aftermath of the antagonism between Robert Koch and [Rudolf] Virchow, was utterly opposed to any theory of an infectious origin of cancer. And suddenly, in opposition to all these dignified and bearded Herren Professoren who firmly believed what they said, rose the voice of a young American who claimed to have transmitted by a cell-free filtrate a neoplasm—a chicken sarcoma. Of course this could not be true, and for years they did not even try to repeat his experiments.He was even accused of using faulty technique and contaminating the tumor samples with cancer cells. However, he was convinced that the malignancy was as those of any other cancer cells, the only difference being that it could be produced by a cell-free filtrate of a tumor. Experiments he continued with James B. Murphy and published made conclusive evidences for the cancerous nature of the infection. An experiment they did with W.H. Tytler in 1912 gave the first clue of virus as the filterable agent, but failed to make an exact identification.

Paragraph 19: In late 1990s, she worked on the forward tracker portion of the Compact Muon Solenoid (CMS) detector. The underlying purpose of the research was the tracking of elementary particles through interaction of radiation with materials. In a report about the tests of CMS microstrip gas chamber (MSGC) modules at PSI, Iacopi and her colleagues conducted the CMS experiment and tested two CMS MSGC that were similar to the barrel of the tracker, using a high intensity beam. The inner layer of MSGC in CMS proved to be stable in terms of voltage, thus rendering the experiment successful. However, shortly after, a decision was made to change the technology for the CMS tracker to silicon detectors. In 1999, Iacopi started working at one of the largest independent R&D centers for semiconductors (IMEC) and focused on ultra-low-k/Highly porous dielectrics for on-chip interconnects. She is author of several seminal works in this area, which also led to technological implementation in the semiconductor industry. Iacopi authored an article about the problems with the structural stability of ultra-low-k-based interconnects and points that relaxation in ultra-low-k-based interconnect structures, either due to adhesion failure or by porous dielectrics compliance, can prove to be damaging in the interconnects. She proposed solutions to prevent the relaxation by either mechanism. She also defined the parameters required to generate well-grounded quantitative predictions. Her research at IMEC highlighted the issue of uncontrolled diffusion of species in the dielectric pores, and directed the slowing of the projection for the industrial uptake of ultra-low-k dielectrics by the International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (ITRS). Iacopi’s research focus then shifted to semiconductor compatible growth and integration of semiconductor nanowires for electronic applications like Tunnel -Field Effect Transistors (T-FETs). Her main contribution has been the identification of indium as potential replacement for gold in the seeded nanowire growth by the vapour-liquid-solid (VLS) method. In an article published in 2008, Iacopi presented the size related characteristics of Indium-seeded silicon nanowires. She bases her research on the fact that the growth structure of nanowires change considerably when the size is in tens of nanometers. Iacopi suggested a model to counter this issue. In a similar article about the growth of silicon nanowires, Iacopi states that bottom-up manufacturing of nanowires  for microelectronics is difficult as the characteristics of the wires would have to be controlled at the wafer -scale. She reviews the constraints for establishing a controlled process of a VLS growth of silicon nanowires and proposes suggestions for achieving the nanowire growth in a controlled manner.

Paragraph 20: The charnockite suite or series is a particularly widespread form of granofels.  Granofels are one of the few non-foliated rocks to form under relatively high temperatures and pressures. This combination is generated only deep in the crust by tectonic forces that operate on a grand scale, so granofels is a product of regional, rather than contact, metamorphism. It is formed mostly from the granite clan of rocks, or occasionally from thoroughly reconstituted clays and shales. It is of wide distribution and great importance in India, Sri Lanka, Madagascar and Africa. It was named by geologist T. H. Holland in 1893 after the tombstone of Job Charnock, in St John's Church in Kolkata, India, which is made of this rock.

Paragraph 21: Virginia's decision to secede from the Union had been ratified by popular vote on May 23, and Confederate Col. (later Maj. Gen.) John B. Magruder was sent down the peninsula to deter any advance on the state capital Richmond by Union troops based at the well-defended post of Fort Monroe. This garrison was commanded by Maj Gen. Benjamin Butler, a former Massachusetts lawyer and politician, who established a new camp at nearby Hampton and another at Newport News. Magruder had also established two camps, within range of the Union lines, at Big Bethel and Little Bethel, as a lure to draw his opponent into a premature action.

Paragraph 22: As usual, Mehmet II made attempts to win alliances of the captured Albanian Generals against Skanderbeg, but such attempts failed. Moisi Arianit Golemi was not presented with such an offer: He had previously approached the Sultan, had betrayed Skanderbeg, and had led an Ottoman Army against Gjergj Kastrioti. In doing so, Moisi Golemi had hoped to save his people, and his country of Albania, from the utter devastation and the disastrous burden of the war against the Ottomans. Moisi Golemi calculated that it was better to accept Ottoman rule for a period in which the country could regain life and survive, so he decided to submit to the Ottomans and betray his Prince: Gjergj Kastrioti. Under Ottoman command, Moisi Golemi, who was a very astute strategist, and who was man of great wisdom and visionary, saw, experienced, and perfectly understood the futility of his submission to the Ottomans for the benefit of his people and his country. He deserted the Ottomans and returned to Gjergj Kastrioti. Eventually, Gjergj Kastrioti pardoned Moisi Golemi. But there was no clemency expected from Mehmet II, who was an astute strategist himself and understood what Moisi Golemi strived for. Mehmet II would seek searing vengeance for Moisi Golemi's apostasy. The stage is set and Moisi Arianit Golemi suffered an ignominious death, and so did all the other twelve captured Albanian Generals: They were all skinned alive publicly in Istanbul.

Paragraph 23: Gregorio Morales was born in Granada (Spain) 7 July 1952. His childhood was marked by the assassination of his grandfather, the republican lord mayor of a little village of the Province of Granada, during the Spanish Civil War. He wrote his first narratives before the age of 10. He studied Roman Philology in the University of Granada. He worked as a waiter and later in his life he became a professor of Spanish literature. In 1982, he moved to Madrid where he introduced himself in the circle of The Belles Arts founding the "Tertulia de Creadores" that received  the highest representants of La Movida Madrileña (The Madrilene movement) in the Spanish post-modern age. At this time he published his first novel Y Hesperia fue hecha (And Hesperia was done). In 1989 he published the novel that has been considered his masterpiece and one of the most relevant works in Spanish literature, La Cuarta Locura (The Fourth Madness). Antonio Muñoz Molina said that this novel was so dangerous that it could not be read with impunity. The dangers of the official culture made Morales take the initiative to found and to preside over, in 1994, The Saloon of Independents, integrated by 60 writers from all over the country. Many of the members of this saloon defended the New Aesthetic and they decided to call them 'quantum aesthetics'. El Cadaver de Balzac, that Morales published in 1998, is the manifest of this movement. In 1999, the Quantum Aesthetics Group was founded. At the beginning of the 21st century, Gregorio Morales published some of his most emblematic novels, such as La individuación (Individuation), Puerta del Sol (The Sun Door) and Nómadas del tiempo. At the same time, the polemic surrounding the quantum aesthetics grew. Gregorio Morales was a numeral member of La Academia de Buenas Letras de Granada. And he wrote a column in the local paper of Granada IDEAL. He was a compromised author and militant in the Republican Left in Spain.

Paragraph 24: In 1923, Lascorz issued a manifesto to the Greek people, proclaiming himself "Prince Eugene Lascaris Comnenus, heir to the Emperors of Byzantium and Pretender to the Throne of Greece". Lascorz believed that his supposed Byzantine ancestry went well with Greek dreams of past glories such as the Megali Idea. The Greek monarchy was abolished in 1924 in favour of the Second Hellenic Republic. The abdication of George II of Greece saw the momentary end of the rule of the House of Glücksburg over Greece. Lascorz took advantage of this interregnum to try to push his claim to the Greek throne, writing to various influential Greek figures. According to Lascorz, he had already received the blessing of the Patriarch of Constantinople, Meletius IV, in 1922, and in 1927 Lascorz and his oldest son Teodoro were supposedly granted some honours by the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem, Damian I. The Láscaris family archives contain documents which they claim were sent in the early 1920s by Eleftherios Venizelos, the former prime minister of Greece, during his self-exile in Paris, supposedly seriously considering Lascorz as a candidate for the Greek throne. According to contemporary newspapers and radio broadcasts in Spain, several Greek deputies had expressed interest in offering the Greek crown to Lascorz. That nothing came of Lascorz's candidacy for the Greek throne, even after Venizelos became prime minister again in 1928, is explained away by Lascorz' modern descendants as being due to economic crisis and political instability plaguing the country and any potential plans for making Lascorz king being forgotten.

Paragraph 25: The development of the modern model for campus policing arose out of a variety of social, historical, and political factors. One of these factors included the growth of student enrollment in college campuses across the country at large, following World War II. Increases in enrollment helped to transform campuses into their own municipalities, and with this change in demographic came increased incidents of crime. University presidents soon sought to implement university police forces of their own to help control various crimes and other issues that arose due to large student populations. This was done primarily through the lobbying of several state legislatures. In addition to increases in enrollment, the antiwar, civil rights, and other protest movements of the 1960s and 1970s similarly contributed to the development and evolution of campus policing as it is known today. It was during this time that colleges and universities began to hire former members of law enforcement and the military to control student protesters. With these political and social forces at play, universities continued to model the function of their police forces after city police departments, in what is known as a vocational policing. Under this model, the university would have direct oversight over the police force, and a more militarized structure of hierarchies would be at play. Similar trajectories would occur with the implementation of police officers, known as school resource officers (SRO's) in U.S. public schools. As of 2016, 77% of schools in the U.S. with 1000 or more students reported having at least one SRO on their campus at least once a week.

Paragraph 26: In 2012, in the case of 907 Whitehead Street, Inc. vs U.S. Secretary of Agriculture (USDA), the plaintiff challenged the jurisdiction of the USDA and its Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to regulate the Ernest Hemingway Home and Museum as an animal exhibitor.  The museum is home to dozens of polydactyl cats, the progeny of a cat that Ernest Hemingway was given as a pet when he lived there during the 1930s.  Following a complaint by a museum visitor, the USDA visited the museum and in October 2003, determined that the Museum was an animal exhibitor subject to regulation under the AWA because the Museum exhibited the cats for the cost of an admission fee, and the cats were used in promotional advertising. Under USDA regulations, the museum is required to obtain a USDA exhibitor's license, give each cat a tag for identification purposes,  provide additional resting surfaces within their existing enclosures, and introduce one of several specified improvements required to ensure the cats remain contained to the museum's grounds.  The museum challenged on several grounds the USDA's authority in the case, noting that the Hemingway cats do not have an effect on interstate commerce sufficient to merit federal regulation.  As of December 2012, the case had reached the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, which upheld earlier district court rulings.

Paragraph 27: In the city of Romulus, I-275 begins to take on a more suburban character when it passes the southwestern boundary of the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport. There is access to the south side of the airport signed at Eureka Road and to the north side at I-94. Between these two interchanges, I-275 begins to run to the northwest. South of I-94, the highway crosses over the same CSX line and a Norfolk Southern Railway (NS) line and north of I-94, it passes a campus of Wayne County Community College and the headquarters of the Visteon Corporation, a major auto parts supplier spun off from Ford Motor Company. Near these two complexes, the freeway turns north again, running parallel and to the east of Haggerty Road. The freeway crosses over another NS railroad line also used by Amtrak trains from Chicago and Pontiac, US 12 (Michigan Avenue) and M-153 (Ford Road) in Canton. I-275 crosses the Lower Branch of the River Rouge north of Michigan Avenue and the Middle Branch north of Ford Road, and it also crosses over a CSX line again. North of the Middle Branch of the River Rouge in Plymouth Township, I-275 crosses Schoolcraft Road and another CSX line from Detroit.

Paragraph 28: In spite of his technical preparation, Cano's work up to the present day has basically been conceptual. He works academically with a variety of labour-intensive art technics such as encaustic on canvas for his paintings, watercolor on paper for his drawings, or aquatint on copper plate for his etchings.  Writing about him in the Architectural Digest, Cristina Giménez says: "At a time when almost no artists draw, he converts this discipline into the central tenet of his work: black lines on a white background: With ink on paper or encaustic on canvas (an ancient technique using wax as a pigment binder) his production is impeccable and the effects are spectacular." Based on images which are originally newspaper cut-outs or photographs, he uses the contemporary techniques of appropriation as an aim to navigate the space between reality and truth. His favorite saying is by the painter Torres García, who said, "Reality has three dimensions, whilst truth has only two." The majority of his works are in black and white, and he extends Torres García's phrase in the sense that reality is multi-coloured, whilst we tend to represent the truth in black and white. For him it is a scale of greys. He does not see black and white as a bi-chromatic reality, but as intervention and non-intervention. He converts the white background of his works on wax into an ether, a void on which he intervenes or does not intervene, in such a way that the three-dimensional or multi-coloured reality becomes his work, not just in the two-dimensional reality, but in a one-dimensional reality consisting of intervention or non-intervention. His encaustic technique is in an alchemistic and time-consuming process. As said by art critic Anthony Haden-Guest in his Financial Times column, Cano recreates the images meticulously applying seven layers of wax, in a process that may take up to a thousand hours per work.

Paragraph 29: During the War of the Golden Stool whilst serving with the 2nd Battalion of the West African Frontier Force Eden (promoted to full Captain on 24 February 1900 after a superior was taken prisoner of war)  was mentioned twice in the London Gazette by Willcocks as part of his 14 August 1900 Despatch and his conduct summed up as follows:"This officer has shown great aptitude for commanding native soldiers; under his able guidance the Yoruba has proved himself quite equal to the Hausa; he led the charge at Kumasi. I sincerely trust he will be rewarded."Sir Francis Fuller‘s book A Vanished Dynasty: Ashanti references that Eden was left in command of the fort at Kumasi on the 17 July with two officers, a doctor, two British NCO’s and 175 men (Willcocks give an alternate number of 160 men with the five British officers and NCO's). This is corroborated by Captain C. H. Armitage DSO and Lieutenant Colonel A. F. Montanaro R.A. in their collaborative work The Ashanti Campaign of 1900. Eden is otherwise mentioned by name multiple times in the work, with one instance being a recollection that Eden and his men successfully took the village of Trede by means of a bayonet charge. His leading of his men in a flanking charge on a stockade is also mentioned, with various other actions being touched upon. The final mention of Eden in the book covers that it was his responsibility to march with his men to Inkawe, returning "reporting that there was no foundation for the news respecting the movement of the rebel leaders into the south". By this stage Eden has been consistently referred to as local Major, although his official rank remained Captain. In The Relief of Kumasi by Captain Harold C. J. Biss he mentions of the charge on Kumasi that "Captain Eden's company had been allotted the privilege of leading, on the ground that he had volunteered to remain in the fort after it had been relieved.". Willcocks also corroborates Eden's volunteering to remain at Kumasi in his book The Romance of Soldiering and Sport, as well as recounting that: “About two miles out from Kumassi the sound of guns from the fort could be heard, and we afterwards learnt that Eden had placed the garrison under cover, and thus drawn out the enemy to explore the precincts. When a good number had come out into the open, 7-pounders and Maxims were turned on them with excellent effect.” Willcocks later said in The Great Drama Of Kumasi that: "In my opinion the garrison left behind at Kumasi was altogether unequal to the task of holding fort, and nothing less than fear of Ashantis to attack could have saved them notwithstanding strong fort", implying that if not for Eden's ruse in setting up an ordnance ambush to scare the Ashanti the garrison could have suffered severely.

Paragraph 30: In July 2010, the airline took delivery of an Embraer 135 with 37 seats and signed a lease on a second, thus adding jet aircraft to their fleet for the first time since the acquisition to replace their previously operated Embraer ERJ aircraft. They will be used mainly on charter services to central and Eastern Europe; however, they will also offer increased flexibility on the airline's scheduled services. Also in July 2010 the airline named one of their Jetstream 41 aircraft after the comedian Ken Dodd in celebration of the year anniversary of the start of scheduled services from Liverpool and Dodd's support shown in the region. In September 2010, it was announced that Eastern Airways had bought Air Southwest. 