Paragraph 1: The tubers have traditionally been a staple food among most Indigenous peoples of the Americas within the natural range of the plant. In 1749, the travelling Swedish botanist Peter Kalm writes, "Hopniss or Hapniss was the Indian name of a wild plant, which they ate at that time... The roots resemble potatoes, and were boiled by the Indians who ate them instead of bread."  Strachey in 1612 recorded observations of the Indigenous peoples in Virginia: "In June, July, and August they feed upon roots of tockohow, berries, groundnutts, fish, and greene wheate..." In Eastern Canada, the Jesuit missionary, Le Jeune, observed  that the Indigenous peoples there would, "eat, besides, roots, such as the bulbs of the red lily; ... another that our French people call 'Rosary' because it is distinguished by tubers in the form of beads."  The early author Rafinesque observed that the Cree were cultivating the plant for both its tubers and seeds. The author Brinton wrote in 1885 in regards to the Lenape people, "Of wild fruits and plants they consumed the esculent and nutritious tubers on the roots of the Wild Bean, Apios tuberosa... which the Indians called hobbenis..."  In 1910, Parker writes that the Iroquois were consuming significant quantities of groundnuts up until about thirty years before his writing. The Paris Documents of 1666 record that the sixth tribe of the second division of the Iroquois were identified as, "that of the Potatoe, which they call Schoneschironon" and an illustration of tubers is found in the Paris Documents with the explanation, "This is the manner they paint the tribe of the Potatoe."  The author Gilmore records the use of groundnuts by the Caddoan and Siouan tribes of the Missouri river region, and the authors Prescott and Palmer record its use among the Sioux. The Indigenous peoples would prepare the tubers in many different ways, such as frying them in animal fat or drying them into flour. Many tribes peel them and dry them in the sun, such as the Menomini who have traditionally built scaffolds of cedar bark covered with mats to dry their tubers for winter use. The Menomini are recorded as having dried the tubers in maple syrup or making a preserve of Groundnut tubers by boiling them in maple syrup. The Potawatomi have traditionally boiled their tubers. The traditional Meskwaki and Chippewa preparation involves peeling, parboiling, slicing, and drying the tubers. The Chippewa have historically used them as a sort of seasoning in all their foods.

Paragraph 2: That experience in Vietnam changed him [his father] forever, and it certainly had an effect on our family, so I guess it was a defining moment in my life, too. He didn’t walk out on us. We left him. It was an environment that wasn’t good for anyone, so we took off to live with my grandmother in Washington, and that’s where I went to school. I didn’t have a lot of my father around, but I started thinking about him a lot during that period. I certainly had resentments, as any young person does in a situation where a parent isn’t around or a family is split. But on Rooster, I was trying to think about his side of it – what he might have gone through. To be honest, I didn’t really sit down intending to do any of that; it just kinda came out. But that’s the great thing about music – sometimes it can reach deeper than you ever would in a conversation with anybody. It’s more of a forum to dig deeper. It felt like a major achievement for me as a young writer. When I first played it to my father, I asked him if I’d got close to where he might have been emotionally or mentally in that situation. And he told me: ‘You got too close – you hit it on the head'. It meant a lot to him that I wrote it. It brought us closer. It was good for me in the long-run and it was good for him, too.

Paragraph 3: The municipality of Medard has yielded a wealth of archaeological finds from prehistoric and Roman times. The Marialskopf in the southeast was in the time when the area was settled by the Celts ringed by walls and palisades, a refuge castle. The remnants of this settlement within the ringwall can still clearly be seen. In 1973 and 1983, archaeological digs unearthed and secured potsherds from vessels made by the Hunsrück-Eifel Culture. Significant was the recovery of a silver coin struck in Pannonia, a quarter-stater with Zeus’s head on the obverse and an image of a rider on the reverse. Splinters and shards of old ceramic vessels are still to be found on those lands today. It is likely that the Celtic settlement remained once the Romans had conquered Gaul. Near Medard’s mediaeval church, foundations from a settlement built in Gallo-Roman times were discovered in 1973. It turned out to be a villa rustica from the turn of the 4th century AD. In 1979, 1980 and 1984, under Diethelm Malitius’s leadership, some outbuildings were also partly unearthed. The archaeologists also discovered fragments of sculptures, one showing a female figure, grapevine shoots and a horn of plenty full of fruits. In the Middle Ages, it is likely that many stone reliefs still lay all around in the ground, perhaps explaining the spolia from Roman times that can still be seen in the church walls today, showing such things as grapes and another female figure. Taken out of the church’s walling were the fragments of a relief that shows Medea on a wain drawn by snakes. Of Medea’s children, whom she killed out of jealousy, only the lower part of a boy’s body can still be seen. The image’s background shows her unfaithful husband, Jason. The relief was supposedly once part of a grave monument. During renovation work on the church, three sandstone blocks from Roman times were discovered near the portal in 1988, of which one was originally used as an ossuary (repository for bone ash). One side of this stone bears a well-preserved inscription that reads “[D M (for Dis Manibus)] ... us Ammosus et Amandia Mandina Conjux Regulo filio [su]orum et suo vivi fecer[unt]”, or in English, “...us Ammosus and his wife Amandia Mandina set [this grave monument] to their son Regulus and themselves to their lifetime.” The digs at the Roman settlement site resumed very extensively in 1995 and 1996 under Wolfgang Heinzelmann’s leadership on assignment from the Alt-Medard (“Old Medard”) Promotional Association and the State Office for Monument Care. This work fully brought to light the former Roman settlement's main house, the atrium house, together with other structures built up around it and the villa's girding wall. It was apparently a great, certainly two-floor building with corner risalti at the front, of which one could be heated by a hypocaust facility. The house's footprint measured 30 m in length and 20 m in breadth. The archaeologists found a column fragment, remnants of flooring and plastering in Pompeian red. A bathing facility was only partially unearthed, but a drainage ditch was fully dug up, revealing a further series of single finds. All together, three different building periods were identified. It is presumed that this great villa rustica with its many outbuildings covered an area of some 3 ha. It may therefore be that this Roman estate unearthed on Medard's outskirts is by far the biggest that has ever come to light in the whole Western Palatinate. To preserve them, the digs have once more been filled with earth.

Paragraph 4: Information structure has been described at length by a number of linguists as a grammatical phenomenon. Lexicogrammatical structures that code prominence, or focus, of some information over other information has a particularly significant history dating back to the 19th century. Recent attempts to explain focus phenomena in terms of discourse function, including those by Knud Lambrecht and Talmy Givón, often connect focus with the packaging of new, old, and contrasting information. Lambrecht in particular distinguishes three main types of focus constructions: predicate-focus structure, argument-focus structure, and sentence-focus structure. Focus has also been linked to other more general cognitive processes, including attention orientation.

Paragraph 5: PublicationsEarly Church History to the Death of Constantine, edited and enlarged by Charles Tylor (1884) (Available online ).Witnesses for Christ : and memorials of church life from the fourth to the thirteenth century : a sequel to "Early church history : in two volumes / by Edward Backhouse and Charles Tylor (1887) (Vol.1 is available online ).The  Religious Society of Friends : the doctrines and practices in which they agree with their fellow-Christians, and those in which they differ / by Edward Backhouse. - London ; Sunderland : Kitto : William Henry Hills, (1870) (Available online )Det  religiose Vennernes Samfund : laerdomme og skikke, hvori de ere enige med deres Medkristne, og andre, hvori de ere forskjellige / af Edward Backhouse. - Stavanger : Paul T. Dreyer, (1871) [in Norwegian]Biographical memoirs : being a record of the Christian lives, experiences, and deaths of members of the religious Society of Friends, from its rise, to 1653 / By Edward and Thomas J. Backhouse, and the late Thomas Mounsey. Vol. I. - London : W. & F. G. Cash, (1854) (available online ).Martyr scenes of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries'' / designed and drawn by Edward Backhouse and William Bell Scott. - ill.. -  (1888) p. 56 p.. - London : Hamilton, Adams & Co.

Paragraph 6: In 1974, when starting the development of thin-film electroluminescent displays (TFEL) at Instrumentarium Oy in Finland, Tuomo Suntola devised ALD as an advanced thin-film technology. Suntola named it atomic layer epitaxy (ALE) based on the meaning of "epitaxy" in Greek language, "arrangement upon". The first experiments were made with elemental Zn and S to grow ZnS. ALE as a means for growth of thin films was internationally patented in more than 20 countries. A breakthrough occurred, when Suntola and co-workers switched from high vacuum reactors to inert gas reactors which enabled the use of compound reactants like metal chlorides, hydrogen sulfide and water vapor for performing the ALE process. The technology was first disclosed in 1980 SID conference. The TFEL display prototype presented consisted of a ZnS layer between two aluminum oxide dielectric layers, all made in an ALE process using ZnCl2 + H2S and AlCl3 + H2O as the reactants. The first large-scale proof-of-concept of ALE-EL displays were the flight information boards installed in the Helsinki-Vantaa airport in 1983. TFEL flat panel display production started in the mid-1980s by Lohja Oy in the Olarinluoma factory. Academic research on ALE started in Tampere University of Technology (where Suntola gave lectures on electron physics) in 1970s, and in 1980s at Helsinki University of Technology. TFEL display manufacturing remained until the 1990s the only industrial application of ALE. In 1987, Suntola started the development of the ALE technology for new applications like photovoltaic devices and heterogeneous catalysts in Microchemistry Ltd., established for that purpose by the Finnish national oil company Neste Oy. In the 1990s, ALE development in Microchemistry was directed to semiconductor applications and ALE reactors suitable for silicon wafer processing. In 1999, Microchemistry Ltd. and the ALD technology were sold to the Dutch ASM International, a major supplier of semiconductor manufacturing equipment and Microchemistry Ltd. became ASM Microchemistry Oy as ASM's Finnish daughter company. Microchemistry Ltd/ASM Microchemistry Ltd was the only manufacturer of commercial ALD-reactors in the 1990s. In the early 2000s, the expertise on ALD reactors in Finland triggered two new manufacturers, Beneq Oy and Picosun Oy, the latter started by Sven Lindfors, Suntola's close coworker since 1975. The number of reactor manufacturers increased rapidly and semiconductor applications became the industrial breakthrough of the ALD technology, as ALD became an enabling technology for the continuation of Moore's law. In 2004, Tuomo Suntola received the European SEMI award for the development of the ALD technology for semiconductor applications and in 2018 the Millennium Technology Prize.

Paragraph 7: State by State was widely reviewed. The New York Times Book Review expressed that it was "greater than the sum of its excellent parts," while the Boston Globe concluded similarly it was "impressive," and Salon pronounced that the book would provide "ideal nightstand reading." To The New York Observer the anthology was also greater than its parts, heralding "a sign of progress, a ray of hope." Among multiple other positive reviews included The Los Angeles Times, lauding "an antidote to the oversimplifying red state/blue state rubric"; The Denver Post, which enthused "a euphoric collection"; and PopMatters, which commended the matching of writer to state. In 2021, amidst calls for a new Federal Writers' Project to rehabilitate the country and its writers in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, PopMatters revisited State by State in a deep dive, finding it a failure on its own terms. Purporting to remedy ignorance, writers continually exhibit it. Major cities such as Miami, Detroit, and Baltimore are relegated to a couple of words or passing put-down. Affluent white suburbs receive inordinate attention, even in many of the least white states; authors discuss their own puberty in lieu of attention to matters such as public schools, socio-economic realities, and state-wide particularities and problems. Most concerning, the book is rife with hoax-like claims, for example "no one ever" feels at home in Massachusetts; "the Poet" is one of "three distinct types" of Michiganders; the "typical Vermonter" is "homosexual"; the state of Virginia is "a necropolis"; and "all Montanans" have in common "a love of William Shakespeare." Glaring omissions include potatoes, not mentioned in "Idaho"; bourbon, bluegrass, horses and the Kentucky Derby, not referenced in "Kentucky"; Phoenix, which never makes an appearance in "Arizona"; retirees/the elderly, receiving under a sentence of coverage in "Florida"; and state pride, nonexistent in the whole country according to "South Carolina," yet on the contrary the essay on Texas claims Texans have a lot of it. "Missouri" is about Bosnians despite one of the lowest immigration populations in the country, "Iowa" is about Mexicans, but "Arizona" reports exclusively on white people. PopMatters compared State by State unfavorably to These United States, a 1920s book featuring state essay portraits by Sherwood Anderson, Willa Cather, Theodore Dreiser, W. E. B. DuBois, H. L. Mencken, Sinclair Lewis, Edmund Wilson, and urged writers/editors hoping to do an updated portrait of the country to emulate the seriousness, knowledgeability, and wit of the earlier generation of writers, who stuck to the assignment to bring out the individuality of the states. These United States also received more serious, responsible reviews. The decline in reviewing and editorial standards notwithstanding, State by State remains one of the most warmly embraced titles of its publication year, with three major media outlets naming it a best book of 2008: Entertainment Weekly, The Village Voice, and NPR.

Paragraph 8: The most famous Indian fight he was in occurs in 1778 when he was bedridden in Prickett's Fort, he had a dream that his children were running around scalped. He grabbed his gun, ran outside, and found his children chasing a cow near two Indians on his land in present-day Rivesville, West Virginia. David sent them back to the fort, and as this happened, he shot and killed one Indian. Then, a second one threw a tomahawk at the back of his head as he ran back towards the fort, but David deflected it with his hand losing two fingers. He turned around to the Indian, fought hand to hand with him, and finally stabbed the Indian with the Indian's own knife. After a while, they tracked down the injured Indian and found him bounding his stomach wound which had corn seeping from it. The Indian told David “how do broder, how do broder,” trying to talk English peacefully to David and the other settlers. However the Indian died of his wounds. Another account tells that he killed another Indian and the settlers in Prickett's Fort made the Indian's skin into a shot pouch, and presented it to David as a souvenir. 

Paragraph 9: BiNet USA (officially Bi/Net USA, The Bisexual Network of the USA Inc.) was an American national nonprofit bisexual community whose mission was to "facilitate the development of a cohesive network of bisexual communities, promote bisexual visibility, and collect and distribute educational information regarding bisexuality. Until 2020, BiNet USA provided a national network for bisexual organizations and individuals across the United States, and encouraged participation and organizing on local and national levels." They claimed to be the oldest national bisexuality organization in the United States. In 2020, all of the content on BiNet USA's website was replaced with a statement that the BiNet USA president, Faith Cheltenham, now identified as Christian conservative and was walking away from progressive politics entirely.

Paragraph 10: Chrome Air Service was founded in 1990. The origin city is unknown, although it is most likely Lagos, Nigeria. It is also presumed the airline commenced operations in 1999. That year, Chrome Air Service got two used BAC One-Eleven 500s, previously leased by several other airlines. However, in 2007, the Nigerian government set a deadline of April 30, 2007 for all airlines operating in the country to re-capitalise or be grounded, in an effort to "ensuring better services and safety" for Nigerian airlines. Chrome Air Services, along with six other airlines, failed to meet the deadline and as a result were not allowed fly in Nigeria's airspace beginning on April 30, 2007. The affected airlines would only fly if they satisfied the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA)'s criteria in terms of re-capitalization and thus be re-registered for operation. As of October 2016, Chrome Air Service has yet to meet the criteria, and likely went defunct in 2007. The status of the airline's fleet is unknown as of October 2016, although both aircraft are presumed to have been scrapped. One of the aircraft (5N-UJC) has been transported to an aircraft boneyard, while the other (5N-SEO) was transported to Henri Coandă International Airport in Bucharest, Romania.

Paragraph 11: The development of the chemical process now known as the Wacker process began in 1956 at Wacker Chemie. At the time, many industrial compounds were produced from acetylene, derived from calcium carbide, an expensive and environmentally unfriendly technology. The construction of a new oil refinery in Cologne by Esso close to a Wacker site, combined with the realization that ethylene would be a cheaper raw-material prompted Wacker to investigate its potential uses. As part of the ensuing research effort, a reaction of ethylene and oxygen over palladium on carbon in a quest for ethylene oxide unexpectedly gave evidence for the formation of acetaldehyde (simply based on smell). More research into this ethylene to acetaldehyde conversion resulted in a 1957 patent describing a gas-phase reaction using a heterogeneous catalyst. In the meanwhile Hoechst AG joined the race and after a patent filing forced Wacker into a partnership called Aldehyd GmbH. The heterogeneous process ultimately failed due to catalyst inactivation and was replaced by the water-based homogeneous system for which a pilot plant was operational in 1958. Problems with the aggressive catalyst solution were solved by adopting titanium (newly available for industrial use) as construction material for reactors and pumps. Production plants went into operation in 1960.

Paragraph 12: By the 18th century, Europeans recognized the value of literacy, and schools were opened to educate the public in growing numbers. Education in the Age of Enlightenment in France led to up to a third of women becoming literate by the time of the French Revolution, contrasting with roughly half of men by that time. However, education was still not considered as important for girls as for boys, who were being trained for professions that remained closed to women, and girls were not admitted to secondary level schools in France until the late 19th century. Girls were not entitled to receive a Baccalaureate diploma in France until the reforms of 1924 under education minister Léon Bérard. Schools were segregated in France until the end of World War II. Since then, compulsory education laws have raised the education of girls and young women throughout Europe. In many European countries, girls' education was restricted until the 1970s, especially at higher levels. This was often done by teaching different subjects to each sex, especially since tertiary education was considered primarily for males, particularly with regard to technical education. For example, prestigious engineering schools, such as École Polytechnique, did not allow women until the 1970s.

Paragraph 13:  Cambridge railway station - Trumpington Park & Ride: opened 7 August 2011.South East Hampshire Bus Rapid Transit, , unguided, between Gosport and Fareham, Hampshire, constructed by Hampshire County Council using the route of the former Gosport to Fareham railway line to reduce congestion on the parallel A32. The scheme was proposed following the collapse of the light rail scheme using the same route and funding was approved in July 2009 for the £20m scheme. It opened in April 2012 with services provided by First Hampshire & Dorset using specially branded "Eclipse" buses.Leigh-Salford-Manchester Bus Rapid Transit, from Leigh and Atherton to Manchester via Tyldesley and Ellenbrook. The 29-stop scheme extends a total of 22 km; and makes partial use of a former railway line to form a  guided busway together with pedestrian, cycle lane and bridleway between Leigh, Tyldesley, and Ellenbrook relieving heavy congestion. It then joins the East Lancashire Road running in a dedicated a bus lane. A Park and Ride site has been constructed where the road reaches the M60 motorway and buses continue through Salford and into Manchester city centre along  of segregated bus lanes; continuing through the centre along Oxford Road to the University of Manchester and Manchester Royal Infirmary. The route is 80% segregated from highway along its length. Costs were £68m for the guided busway and £122m for the total project. Road junction works began in late-2011 and the full busway opened on 3 April 2016. It forms part of the wider Manchester Quality Bus Corridor (Manchester QBC) and Cross City Bus network.Sheffield Bus Rapid Transit North running a 9 km route between Sheffield Interchange and Rotherham Interchange, that opened in September 2016. The route designated 'X1 Steel Link' runs every 10 minutes at peak.  Total cost was £29.8m, most of which was for the construction of an 800m road link under the Tinsley Viaduct at Meadowhall.  Otherwise the service runs over a similar specification route to those provided for stopping buses.Bristol: Bristol City Council, in conjunction with the West of England Partnership, approved three MetroBus routes which consists of Ashton Vale to Bristol Temple Meads station (AVTM) and two routes from the North Fringe towards Bristol City Centre and  Hengrove Park respectively; and opened in May 2018. Only the Ashton Vale to Temple Meads route runs along a guided busway track; on the other two routes the BRT services share buslanes with stopping buses - except for a newbuild junction onto the M32 motorway, which is reserved for Metrobus services only.Leeds, Swansea and YorkFTR bendy bus route unguided, operated by First Leeds from 2007-2012, after the end of FTR services the buses were rebranded Hyperlink and redeployed alongside Yorks on the 72 route between Leeds and Bradford before being replaced by conventional double deckers in 2016.

Paragraph 14: The Habitat Penang Hill offers the most complete and educational Malaysian rainforest experience and is located less than 10 km from the UNESCO World Heritage Site of George Town in Penang. Explore their 1.6 km Nature Trail which is steeped in history as it was first built in the early 1800s by the British East India Company on the edge of a forest reserve protected since 1911. Take in the sights and sounds of the rainforest from Langur Way Canopy Walk 40m off the forest floor. Revel in the 360-degree views of Penang Island and the mainland from Curtis Crest Treetop Walk that allows you to see just how important Penang’s forests are to the health and well-being of urban Penang both as a source of water as well as a green lung. Finally, experience the rainforest from the air with the Flight of the Colugo zip line course which allows visitors to see the rainforest canopy from the perspective of one of Malaysia's most iconic mammal species, the Sunda Colugo and the thousands of other forest species that live in the tree-tops. Visitors will find themselves immersed in the natural beauty of the rainforest, marveling at the beautiful flora and fauna that inhabit this natural sanctuary including species such as the Dusky Leaf Langur monkey, Racquet-tailed Drongo bird, the flying Draco lizard, numerous species of wild butterflies and other ancient rainforest giants such as the Damar Minyak (Agethis borneensis) and Rhu Bukit (Dacrydium elatum) conifer trees. In short, The Habitat Penang Hill is a nature experience not to be missed when visiting Penang.

Paragraph 15: When she completed her studies in 1875, she returned to Brooklyn to a private practice and also worked at Woman's Hospital of Brooklyn. Working at the hospital, Jones was able to perform surgery and became skilled and honed those skills to eventually open up her own private practice. During her time spent at her own practice, she encountered many different gynecologically related problems in women such as fibroid tumors and infected tubes and appendages, that pushed her to meet with Dr. Carl Heitzman to serve as a mentor as he was specialized in pathology. This was in hopes of providing Jones additional research in gynecology. In addition to her practice, her time spent in New York had also allowed her to attend Post-Graduate Medical School and Hospital. Jones had taken a gynecology course from Benjamin Franklin Dawson who was affiliated with the creation of the American Journal of Obstetrics and Diseases of Women and Children to which she had also published her first work. Jones had taken the opportunity in New York to research and study the field of gynecology as Dawson was well known in the community of gynecology. In 1882, Jones became chief medical officer of Woman's Hospital of Brooklyn. Jones specialized in the treatment of complicated diseases of the women's reproductive system. Additionally, she studied the pathology of laboratory specimens for diseases she treated. During Jones’ time at the Woman’s Hospital of Brooklyn, she had expanded her medical experience when she performed 300 laparotomies in addition to observational experience at the Women’s Hospital and Bellevue along with many other hospitals she frequented in New York. Jones’ skills in networking with male had allowed her to work beside of very well-known surgeons at the time such as W. Gill Wylie, C.C. Lee, Henry Clark Coe, Arthur M. Jacobus, and Robert Tuttle Morris. Jones did not only research and had hands-on experience with obstetrics and gynecology, she had also had much of her works related to her specialization in obstetrics and gynecology published following her collaborative works with Lawson Tait in 1884. During her time with Lawson Tait, Jones spent much of her time networking with male colleagues and eventually was able to publish her first clinical case report, ”A Case of Tait’s Operation”, in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Diseases of Women and Children that same year she met Tait. Jones had published this case report in hopes of getting her name known in the public by using Tait’s name in the title as a tribute to her support for his work and that he was often associated with the field of gynecology. Jones published over fifty medical articles and was an associate editor of the American Journal of Surgery and Gynecology, and the Woman's Medical Journal.

Paragraph 16: Deflection routing is a routing strategy for networks based on packet switching which can reduce the need of buffering packets.  Every packet has preferred outputs along which it wants to leave the router, and when possible, a packet is sent along one of these outputs.  However, two or more packets may want to leave along the same output (which is referred to as a contention among packets), and then only one of the packets may be sent along the link, while the others are sent along available outputs, even though the other links are not preferred by the packets (because, for instance, those links do not yield shortest paths).

Paragraph 17: Reviewing for La Stampa, Mario Gromo argued that it was a "film of a certain importance because of its many intelligent moments, its sound portrayal of provincial life, and because it is the second film of a young director who evidently has considerable talent ... The Italian film industry now has a new director and one who puts his own personal ideas before any of the customary traditions of the trade. Fellini's is a fresh approach". "It is the atmosphere that counts most in this unusual film," wrote Francesco Càllari of the Gazzetta del Lunedì, "an intensely human and poetical atmosphere altogether estranged from the provincialism of the setting ... Fellini has something to say and he says it with an acute sense of observation ... Here is someone apart from the other young directors of post-war Italian cinema. Fellini has a magical touch." First published 31 August 1953 in the Gazzeta del Lunedi (Genoa). After praising Fellini's Venice triumph, Ermanno Contini of Il Secolo XIX outlined the film's weaknesses: "I Vitelloni does not have a particularly solid structure, the story is discontinuous, seeking unity through the complex symbiosis of episodes and details ... The narrative, built up around strong emotions and powerful situations, lacks solid organic unity, and at times this undermines the story's creative force, resulting in an imbalance of tone and pace and a certain sense of tedium. But such shortcomings are amply atoned for by the film's sincerity and authenticity." Arturo Lanocita of Corriere della Sera wrote: "I Vitelloni gives a graphic and authentic picture of certain aimless evenings, the streets populated by groups of idle youths ... The film is a series of annotations, hints, and allusions without unity ... With a touch of irony, Fellini tries to show the contrast between the way his characters see themselves and the way they really are. Despite its weaknesses, the film is one of the best in recent years." For Giulio Cesare Castello of Cinema VI, the film proved "that Fellini is the Italian film industry's most talented satirist, and an acute observer and psychologist of human behaviour. Like any good moralist, he knows how to give his story a meaning, to provide more than just simple entertainment".

Paragraph 18: Dodo's life after she left the Doctor was not dealt with in the programme. The spin-off novel Who Killed Kennedy by David Bishop reveals that Dodo suffered a nervous breakdown and was unable to remember her adventures with the Doctor, drifting in and out of psychiatric institutions. Becoming involved with a journalist who was investigating the truth behind UNIT, Dodo is murdered by a pawn of the Master. Her funeral is attended only by her lover James Stevens and an unidentified man who, based on the limited description provided, may be either the Second or Seventh Doctor. However, in the 20th-anniversary version of the novel, a new timeline is created where the assassin is stopped by her lover when he travels back in time from the future after an intervention by the Doctor, implied to be the Twelfth such incarnation. James Stevens passes away in 2015, by which time Dodo is also deceased. However, the canonicity of the novels in relation to the television series is open to question. She is revealed to be alive and well in the 2020 The Sarah Jane Adventures audio special Goodbye Sarah Jane Smith, where she attends Sarah Jane's funeral and helps defeat a race of aliens who have infiltrated the service.

Paragraph 19: After finding an audience with Smith's listeners, The Aldrich Family was launched in its own series as a summer replacement program for Jack Benny in NBC's Sunday night lineup, July 2, 1939, and it stayed there until October 1, 1939, when it moved to Tuesday nights at 8 p.m., sponsored by General Foods's popular gelatin dessert Jell-O, which also sponsored Jack Benny at the time. The Aldriches ran in that slot from October 10, 1939 until May 28, 1940, moving to Thursdays, from July 4, 1940 until July 20, 1944. After a brief hiatus, the show moved to CBS, running on Fridays from September 1, 1944 until August 30, 1946 with sponsors Grape Nuts and Jell-O before moving back to NBC from September 5, 1946 to June 28, 1951 on Thursdays and, then, as a Sustaining program in its final run of September 21, 1952 to April 19, 1953 on Sundays.

Paragraph 20: Desmarais began his career at Campeau Corporation in 1979. From 1980 to 1981, he was special assistant to the Minister of Justice of Canada. Between 1981 and 1982, he was an institutional investment counsellor at Richardson Greenshields Ltd. In 1983, Desmarais returned to Power Corporation of Canada. In 1984, he was appointed president and chief operating officer of Gesca ltée and chairman and chief executive officer of Power Broadcasting Inc., in 1988. In 1991, he became president and chief operating officer of Power Corporation of Canada. In 1994, he was named chairman of Power Pacific Corporation Limited; director and member of the executive committee of Power Corporation of Canada and Power Financial Corporation. In 1996, Desmarais was appointed president and co-chief executive officer of Power Corporation of Canada and deputy chairman of Power Financial Corporation. In May 2008, he was also appointed deputy chairman of Power Corporation of Canada and became executive co-chairman of Power Financial Corporation.

Paragraph 21: Origen: "He answers then the Levites and Priests, I am not, conjecturing what their question meant: for the purport of their examination was to discover, not whether the spirit in both was the same, but whether John was that very Elias, who was taken up, now appearing again, as the Jews expected, without another birth. But he whom we mentioned above as holding this doctrine of a reincorporation, will say that it is not consistent that the Priests and Levites should be ignorant of the birth of the son of so dignified a priest as Zacharias, who was born too in his father's old age, and contrary to all human probabilities: especially when Luke declares, that fear came on all that dwelt round about them. (Luke 1:65) But perhaps, since Elias was expected to appear before the coming of Christ near the end, they may seem to put the question figuratively, Art thou he who announces the coming of Christ at the end of the world? to which he answers, I am not. But there is in fact nothing strange in supposing that John's birth might not have been known to all. For as in the case of our Saviour many knew Him to be born of Mary, and yet some wrongly imagined that He was John the Baptist, or Elias, or one of the Prophets; so in the case of John, some were not unacquainted with the fact of his being son of Zacharias, and yet some may have been in doubt whether he were not the Elias who was expected. Again, inasmuch as many prophets had arisen in Israel, but one was especially looked forward to, of whom Moses had prophesied, The Lord thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto Him shall ye hearken:  they ask him in the third place, not simply whether he is a prophet, but with the article prefixed, Art thou that Prophet? For every one of the prophets in succession had signified to the people of Israel that he was not the one whom Moses had prophesied of; who, like Moses, was to stand in the midst between God and man, and deliver a testament, sent from God to His disciples. They did not however apply this name to Christ, but thought that He was to be a different person; whereas John knew that Christ was that Prophet, and therefore to this question, he answered, No."

Paragraph 22: After Brazil, Mexico is the country in Latin America that most stands out in energy production. In 2020, the country was the 14th largest petroleum producer in the world, and in 2018 it was the 12th largest exporter. In natural gas, the country was, in 2015, the 21st largest producer in the world, and in 2007 it was the 29th largest exporter. Mexico was also the world's 24th largest producer of coal in 2018. In renewable energies, in 2020, the country ranked 14th in the world in terms of installed wind energy (8.1 GW), 20th in the world in terms of installed solar energy (5.6 GW) and 19th in the world in terms of installed hydroelectric power (12.6 GW). In third place, Colombia stands out: In 2020, the country was the 20th largest petroleum producer in the world, and in 2015 it was the 19th largest exporter. In natural gas, the country was, in 2015, the 40th largest producer in the world. Colombia's biggest highlight is in coal, where the country was, in 2018, the world's 12th largest producer and the 5th largest exporter. In renewable energies, in 2020, the country ranked 45th in the world in terms of installed wind energy (0.5 GW), 76th in the world in terms of installed solar energy (0.1 GW) and 20th in the world in terms of installed hydroelectric power (12.6 GW). Venezuela, which was one of the world's largest oil producers (about 2.5 million barrels/day in 2015) and one of the largest exporters, due to its political problems, has had its production drastically reduced in recent years: in 2016, it dropped to 2.2 million, in 2017 to 2 million, in 2018 to 1.4 million and in 2019 to 877 thousand, reaching only 300,000 barrels/day at a given point. The country also stands out in hydroelectricity, where it was the 14th country in the world in terms of installed capacity in 2020 (16,5 GW). Argentina was, in 2017, the 18th largest producer in the world, and the largest producer in Latin America, of natural gas, in addition to being the 28th largest oil producer; although the country has the Vaca Muerta field, which holds close to 16 billion barrels of technically recoverable shale oil, and is the second largest shale natural gas deposit in the world, the country lacks the capacity to exploit the deposit: it is necessary capital, technology and knowledge that can only come from offshore energy companies, who view Argentina and its erratic economic policies with considerable suspicion, not wanting to invest in the country. In renewable energies, in 2020, the country ranked 27th in the world in terms of installed wind energy (2.6 GW), 42nd in the world in terms of installed solar energy (0.7 GW) and 21st in the world in terms of installed hydroelectric power (11.3 GW). The country has great future potential for the production of wind energy in the Patagonia region. Chile, although currently not a major energy producer, has great future potential for solar energy production in the Atacama Desert region. Paraguay stands out today in hydroelectric production thanks to the Itaipu Power Plant. Trinidad and Tobago and Bolivia stand out in the production of natural gas, where they were, respectively, the 20th and 31st largest in the world in 2015. Ecuador, because it consumes little energy, is part of OPEC and was the 27th largest oil producer in the world in 2020, being the 22nd largest exporter in 2014.IEA. Key World Energy Statistics 2014. Natural Gas. Access date - 01/17/2021Statistical Review of World Energy 2018

Paragraph 23: As governor of the province of Aurora for three consecutive terms (2004-2013), she received such awards as the Kabalikat Award given by the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA) recognizing her all-out support to skills development and adult education as a measure to create job opportunities and sustainable livelihood among out-of-school youth and helpless rural households in the province of Aurora; Most Outstanding Local Chief Executive for her exemplary performance and support to social welfare and development initiatives awarded by the Association of Local Social Welfare and Development Officers of the Philippines, Inc. (ALSWDOPI) at the Grand Men Seng Hotel in Davao City on September 26, 2007; Most Outstanding Local Chief Executive for her exemplary performance and support to social welfare and development initiatives, awarded by the ALSWDOPI at the Waterfront Hotel in Cebu City on August 27, 2008; Most Outstanding Local Chief Executive in Region 3 for her great passion and dedication to service as exemplified by her extraordinary efforts and selfless contributions to Student Technologist Entrepreneurs of the Philippines (STEP) awarded by the DepEd-STEP 7th STEP Competition in Gapan, Nueva Ecija on October 30, 2008; Most Outstanding Local Chief Executive (National Category) awarded by the STEP at the Teachers' Camp in Baguio on November 20, 2008; the Kabalikat Award (Policy Maker Partner Category) given by the Philippine Council for Industry and Energy Research and Development (PCIERD) at the Pan Pacific Hotel in Malate, Manila on March 18, 2009; Outstanding Culture-Friendly Local Government Official awarded during the World Theater Week recognition by the International Theater Institute and the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA) at the Malacañan Palace in Manila on March 27, 2009; the Gawad Parangal Hall of Fame, Most Outstanding Local Chief Executive for three consecutive years, awarded by the ALSWDOPI at the Fiesta Pavilion of the Manila Hotel on August 26, 2009; Best Performing Governor, Exemplary Performance on Youth Welfare and Development, awarded by the Pag-asa Youth Association of the Philippines under the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) Region 3 in Clark, Angeles City on September 24, 2009; the Gawad Kampeon ng Kabataang Pilipino (Local Government Category) conferred by the National Youth Commission (NYC) at the Malacañan Palace in Manila on December 10, 2009; special citation for achieving Universal Coverage under the Sponsored Program, given by the Philippine Health (PhilHealth) Insurance Corporation the Philippine International Convention Center (PICC) Plenary Hall in Pasay on February 12, 2010; Most Child-Friendly Public Servant, 1st National Council for Children's Television-Department of Education (NCCT-DepEd) Lingkod TV Awards, conferred by the NCCT and the DepEd at the Rajah Sulayman Theater at the Fort Santiago in Intramuros, Manila on December 28, 2010; special citations for efficient implementation of Republic Act No. 9003 (Ecological Solid Waste Management Act of 2000) and for exemplary leadership in the effective governance of solid waste and natural resources, given by the National Solid Waste Management Commission (NSWMC) and the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR), respectively, at the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (SP) session hall at the provincial Capitol in Baler, Aurora on June 24, 2011; the Seal of Good Housekeeping given by the Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG) at the Oxford Hotel in Clark Field, Pampanga on October 19, 2011; the Local Government Unit of the Year 2011, 26th Apolinario Mabini Awards, conferred at the Malacañan Palace in Manila on October 24, 2011; Outstanding Government Official of the Philippines, International Award in Public Service, 18th Annual Chicago Filipino-American (CFA) Hall of Fame 2012, awarded by the CFA community at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Downtown in Chicago, Illinois, USA on April 28, 2012; the Lifetime Achievement Award (Female Category) given by the UP Alumni Association at Ang Bahay ng Alumni, UP Diliman Campus in Quezon City on June 23, 2012; the Gawad Komisyon sa Wikang Filipino (KWF) sa Natatanging Kababaihan sa Mabuting Pamamahala, Ikalimang Taon ng Gawad Quezon, awarded by the KWF at the Bayleaf Hotel in Intramuros, Manila on August 24, 2012; and Most Supportive Governor in Region 3, awarded by the DSWD Field Office III in the City of San Fernando, Pampanga on February 8, 2013.

Paragraph 24: Reichskommissar Josef Terboven personally oversaw the Nazi reprisal, which was quick and brutal. On 30 April, as the villagers were watching, all buildings were destroyed, all boats were sunk or confiscated, and all livestock taken away. All men in the village were either executed or sent to the Nazi concentration camp at Sachsenhausen.  Of the 72 who were deported from Telavåg, 31 were murdered in captivity.  Women and children were imprisoned for two years. 18 Norwegian prisoners (unrelated to Telavåg) held at the Trandum internment camp were also executed as a reprisal. Though smaller in scale, this atrocity is often compared to similar events at Lidice in the Czech Republic and Oradour-sur-Glane in France.

Paragraph 25: On October 18, 2013, the two schools met for the 50th time. Pisgah made a huge statement in their first year as a 3A school by beating Tuscola 27–7 in their first win at C.E. Weatherby Stadium since 2005.  Senior quarterback McKinley Brown received the MVP award.  The 2014 match up started out as an intense game with several lead changes in the first three quarters.  Pisgah found themselves down to Tuscola 20–16 in the third quarter before scoring 21 unanswered points late  to win the game 37–20. In the 2015 contest, Tuscola jumped out to a 10–0 lead late in the first half. Just before halftime, Pisgah QB Houston Rogers connected on a touchdown pass to Trey Morgan to cut the lead to 10–7. In the second half, RB Daniel "Dutch Count" VanVaerenbergh scored on a touchdown run and with the PAT, Pisgah led 14–10. Late in the 4th quarter, Tuscola drove down the field and scored a touchdown to lead 17–14. Pisgah had enough time to tie the score at 17–17 on a Tanner Fox field goal, sending the game into overtime. After failing to score on its first three downs, Pisgah again turned to kicker Tanner Fox, who nailed the field goal to give Pisgah a 20–17 lead. In its first possession of overtime, Tuscola drove inside the 1 yard line, and then elected to go for the TD on 4th and goal. Initially stopped by the Pisgah line, QB Zach Webster pitched it to another Tuscola player, who tried to lateral to another. The ball was fumbled, and Pisgah recovered the ball to seal the win. Pisgah RB Daniel "Dutch Count" VanVaerenbergh was named the game's MVP. In 2016, a match up between two 7-0 teams with WNCAC title hopes on the line went into overtime for a second straight year (and third time in five years) as Pisgah rallied from a 17-0 halftime deficit to defeat the Mountaineers 23–20. Pisgah's Chase Henson had a crucial interception late in the game and was voted the MVP. This marked the first game that Tuscola had been held under 40 points all season. Because so much was on the line, the game drew a massive crowd of over 13,000 and sent the half-and-half raffle winner home with over $19,000.  In 2017, the rivalry was moved back to a non-conference game on Labor Day weekend due to the NCHSAA realignment.  Pisgah won the game 31–10 to regain the series lead for the first time since 1982. Though Tuscola held on to a slight lead for much of the 2018 game, Pisgah fought back in the second half to win the game 20–10. Pisgah won the final game of the decade in a 14–0 shutout at C.E. Weatherby Stadium on September 6, 2019 to extended its winning streak to seven games, finishing the 2010s with an 8–2 record against its rival.

Paragraph 26: VB-144 was established at NAS Alameda, California on 1 July 1943, as a squadron flying the PV-1 Ventura, by 14 August The squadron completed training and boarded  for transport to NAS Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii. Upon arrival the squadron began an intensive period of combat training and operational patrols over the ocean near the Hawaiian Islands. On 9 January 1944 VB-144 was transferred to Hawkins Field, Tarawa, where combat patrols commenced as soon as the squadron was checked in and assigned space for the crews and aircraft. On 1 February 1944, the squadron was relocated to Dyess Field, Roi Island, from which bombing missions were carried out against Japanese installations in the Gilbert, Marshall and Eastern Caroline island chains. On 30 March 1944 VB-144 was transferred back to Tarawa, leaving a three-aircraft detachment at Dyess Field, which was engaged in strikes on 1 April 1944 against enemy positions at Wotje Atoll and Jaluit Atoll that continued through June. On 4 April 1944, the increasing tempo of operations at Dyess Field resulted in the deployment of a second detachment of VB-144 aircraft to Roi Island and by 1 September the remainder of the squadron was transferred to Dyess. On 30 September 1944 VB-144 was transferred to NAS Kaneohe Bay and was redesignated VPB-144 while preparing for return to the continental United States. On 1 November 1944 VPB-144 was reformed for training at NAS Whidbey Island, Washington. The squadron was reequipped with the newer PV-2 Harpoon. On 3 March 1945, the squadron commenced training in air-to-ground attack continued at NAS Moffett Field, California. From 8–15 April 1945 VPB-144 squadron personnel and equipment were loaded aboard  for transport to Naval Base Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, arriving on 15 April. Upon arrival, the squadron was based at NAS Kaneohe Bay, where a combat training syllabus of several weeks was undertaken. From 11–23 May 1945 a detachment of squadron aircraft and crews was flown to Midway Island to provide combat air patrol coverage. On 23 May 1944, the detachment was increased to nine aircraft. On 24 May 1945 two of the crews sent to Midway earlier returned to NAS Kaneohe Bay. The remainder of the detachment followed, rejoining the rest of the squadron on 12 June 1944. On 27 June 1945 VPB-144 was transferred to Eniwetok, via Johnston Atoll and Majuro. The squadron was placed under the operational control of TF 96.1. Sector and photographic reconnaissance patrols were conducted over Wake and Ponape islands. By 12 September 1945, problems with malaria on Wake Island became so severe that the aircraft of VPB-144 were fitted with sprayers to cover the island with DDT. On 15 September 1945 flights were conducted over Kusaie, Ponape and the Caroline Islands as a show of force to the remaining Japanese troops who had not yet surrendered. By 15 May 1946: Squadron assets remained at NAB Tinian but all personnel were rotated back to the U.S., leaving the squadron in a caretaker status. In September 1946 the squadron was retained on the Navy roster, but was placed in an inactive status at NAS North Island, California, under FAW-14. In Nov 1947 the squadron was reactivated as VP-ML-4 at NAS Miramar, California, with a complement of 14 officers and 59 enlisted men. An SNB-5 was utilized for flight training until the arrival of the squadron's first operational aircraft, the P2V-1 Neptune, in mid-December 1947.

Paragraph 27: The album received mixed reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 46, based on nine reviews, which indicates "mixed or average reviews". Stephen Thomas Erlewine, editor at the music website AllMusic, gave a mixed review for the album, commenting that "Lopez was never, ever about singing" and referring to the album as "high-sheen wallpaper, so flimsy that it peels away immediately after application." Adam Markovitz from Entertainment Weekly commented that "despite the star power she emits on screen, her vocals have always been less than stellar" and that she "often sounds limited and nasal, with a flatness that can feel downright Rebecca Black-esque at its worst." However, Ian Drew from US Magazine awarded the album three out of five stars, praising Lopez for returning "to her dance-diva-from-the-block roots." In his review, Drew concluded that "all in all, when it comes to her day job, J. Lo is solidly still in business." Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine gave the album three out of five stars, saying that: "Love? isn't the all-out dance album it could—and should—have been." Cinquemani also saw that: "the album's urban-leaning midtempo tracks feel oddly dated, like leftovers from an album recorded in a pre-Gaga world." Hermione Hoby from The Observer gave the album a mixed review, saying that Lopez "ends her four-year recording hiatus with a load of turbo-produced bangers." However, Hoby was not impressed with the lyrics, commenting that they let the album down. "The only thing impeding dancefloor abandon is the hilarity of the record's lyrics." Alex Macpherson from BBC Music gave a favorable review for the album. He said that Lopez "possesses both a lightness of touch and the effortless confidence of one of nature's own divas, which means that whenever she hits the floor to essay up-tempo swagger tracks she convinces without being as overbearing." MacPherson also felt that "Love? seeks to showcase her vulnerability and depth of feeling." The Los Angeles Times was critical of the album, rating it one-and-a-half out of four stars, and referring to it as "a limp, personality-free dance-pop collection with plenty of A-list collaborations (Tricky Stewart, RedOne, Lady Gaga) but none of the lightweight charm she once brought in hits like 'Waiting for Tonight' and 'Jenny from the Block'." Jody Rosen from Rolling Stone rated it two stars out of five and said that: "Love? arrives with shiny production credits, but it's undone by J.Lo's slight voice and slighter personality." Robert Copsey from the entertainment website Digital Spy gave a more favorable review for the album, rating it three stars and stating that: "As a comeback album, Love? does the job perfectly – hauling an almost-forgotten Lopez back into chart relevance with a collection of calculated, safe and bang-on-trend tunes that were constructed for radio and clubs alike." At USA Today, Elysa Gardner rated it two stars out of four, writing that the release "suffers from such a lack of personality." Pop Crush was more positive with its track by track review pointing "I'm Into You", "Run The World", "Until It Beats No More" and "Hypnotico" as standout tracks.

Paragraph 28: The entrance into the Franco-Spanish War (1635–59) in 1635 required the mise en place of foot squadrons formed of soldiers. In July 1636 was formed three new regiments, « du Havre », « des Îles » at Brouage and « des Galères » à Marseille, to mount the guard at the three ports and board respectively on board the Squadron of Normandy, the squadron of Guyenne and the Galleys armies; in 1640, these three regiments were assigned to the army and were dissolved at the end of the war. In September 1636, the « Régiment de la Marine » was reconstituted: the regiment served first on board the fleet Count Harcourt and Cardinal de Sourdis ( disembarking at Oristano, preapprehension of the îles de Lérins (), Battle of Getaria, Siege of Fuenterrabía (1638), the apprehension of Laredo (Cantabrie)), then the fleet was sent to the army to engage in to Battle of Arras (1640) () (then Spanish) and would never embark again, remaining under the disposition of the Ministre de la Guerre ( the Regiment de La Marine would become the 11th Infantry Regiment (). In February 1638, the « Régiment de la Couronne » was formed bearing the namesake after the Vaisseau la Couronne which was recently constructed; also was transferred to the Army in 1640 ( 45th Infantry Regiment () ). On March 1638, Sourdis assumed the maistrance of the camp of the Régiment de Foix-Candale, then designating the latter by « Régiment des Vaisseaux »  () and embarked the regiment on board his fleet; this regiment rejoined also the army deployed in Artois in 1641 ( 43rd Infantry Regiment ()).

Paragraph 29: The Prijepolje Conference was organized on 7 and 8 September and attended by the political and religious representatives of both the Christian and Muslim population of Sandžak, including the representatives of their armed forces. They all agreed on the resolution to resolve any disputes peacefully, to allow all refugees to return to their homes and to provide them help in food and other necessities. This agreement was not respected. Chetnik headquarter continued to receive reports about Muslim attacks on Serb population. In December 1942 around 3,000 Muslims attacked Serbian village Buđevo and several surrounding villages near Sjenica, burned Serb houses and killed Serb civilians. According to Chetnik sources, Muslims were preparing to expel Serbs who lived on the territory at the right bank of Lim, Pljevlja, Čajniče and Foča. Montenegrin Chetniks commanded by Pavle Đurišić pursued raids of revenge against Muslims in Sandžak, many being innocent villagers, with original motive to settle account with Moslem militias. On 7 January 1943 unit commanded by Ćazim Sijarić distinguished itself during attack of Chetniks led by Pavle Đurišić who burned many Muslim villages near Bijelo Polje. On 10 January 1943, Đurišić reported that Chetniks under his command had burned down 33 Muslim villages in Bijelo Polje, killed 400 members of the Moslem militia, and had also killed about 1,000 Muslim women and children. Chetniks had 14 killed and 26 wounded men. After subsequent attack of Chetniks from Sandžak and Bosnia on Bukovica (village near Pljevlja), they fought against Moslem militia and, according to the report of Pavle Đurišić, killed around 1,200 combatants and 8,000 civilians. In period February — June 1943 Muslim militia and Albanian forces burned almost all Serb villages in Tutin, Sjenica, Prijepolje and Novi Pazar and killed many people. According to the historian, Professor Jozo Tomasevich, all the circumstances of these "cleansing actions" carried out by Chetniks against Muslims in the Sandžak were a partial implementation of the directive issued to Đurišić by Mihailović in December 1941, which had ordered the cleansing of the Muslim population from the Sandžak. In July 1943 Draža Mihajlović proposed to leaders of Muslim militia to agree to cooperate with Chetniks to fight against communists. In August 1943 Chetnik representative and Muslim leaders of Deževo met in village Pilareta and agreed to cease all hostilities between armed Muslim forces and Chetniks and to cooperate to fight against Partisans. All Chetniks' units in Sandžak were ordered not to confront with Muslims.

Paragraph 30: The Ninth Legion, Hispana  was probably moved from Lincoln to found the fortress at York around 71 AD Then, after a probable short occupation by the Second Legion, who had moved to Chester by 77-78 AD  the Legionary fort would have been left on a care and maintenance basis. The exact date that it was converted into a  colonia is unknown, but a generally favoured date is 86 AD. This was an important settlement for retired legionaries, established by the emperor Domitian within the walls and using the street grid of the hilltop fortress, with the addition of an extension of about equal area, down the hillside to the waterside below. The town became a major flourishing settlement, accessible from the sea both through the River Trent and through the River Witham. Public buildings, such as the forum with lifesize equestrian statues, basilica, and the public baths, were erected in the 2nd century. The hilltop was largely filled with private homes, but the slopes became the town's commercial centre. They gained stone walls, like the upper region (including the Newport Arch), around 200. Between this point, and the city's peak in the early 4th century the town could maintain a population of between six and eight-thousand. There was also an industrial suburb over the river which had pottery production facilities. The town had the best developed sewerage system in the province and a fine octagonal public fountain and part of its aqueduct have been partly uncovered. There were temples dedicated to Apollo and Mercury. On the basis of Lindum's size and the patently corrupt list of British bishops who attended the 314 Council of Arles, the city is sometimes considered to have been the capital of the province of Flavia Caesariensis which was formed during the late-3rd century Diocletian Reforms. However, it is now thought more likely that Lincoln would have been the administrative capital of Britannia Secunda and that York was the capital of Flavia Caesariensis.