Paragraph 1: According to an ADL report released in 2012, based on telephone survey of 500 adults in Poland (out of the total number of 5,000 adults polled by Ipsos-Reid in 10 European countries), 54% of Poles continue to believe in some anti-Semitic stereotypes. The percentage is down from similar survey conducted in 2009. For instance, with regard to a question of whether "Jews have too much power in the business world", Poles surveyed ranked the third-highest after Hungary (73%) and Spain (60%). On another question regarding loyalty of their Jewish citizens, the surveyed Poles answered at par with Italians at 61% (overall, more than half of all European respondents gave the same answer). Later research  conducted in Poland and published in 2013 revealed that more than 64.4% of the population agree with phrases that express belief in Jewish conspiracy (Jews would like to control the international financial institution; Jews often meet in hiding to discuss their plans; etc.) Moreover, the survey found that people who believed that Jews are a collectively intentional group that aims at dominating the world were the ones who would most strongly oppose Jewish rights to buy land, to open businesses, or to regain their lost properties. People who hold such beliefs are also unwilling to vote for a political candidate with Jewish origins or to accept a Jew in their closest environment. The study's results were presented to the Polish Sejm (parliament) in January 2014 and were well received by most of its members. Towards the end of 2014, a study conducted by Warsaw University Center for Research on Prejudice found out that more than half of Polish youth visit anti-Semitic websites that glorify Hitler and the Nazi era. It was also found that some Polish participants agreed with antisemitic phrases. The study's results were presented to the Polish parliament.

Paragraph 2: The concepts of source monitoring and source misattribution have been implicated as a reason for the construction of inaccurate memory reports. Source monitoring refers to understanding the origin of one's memories. Source misattributions are issues in retrieval in which the subject struggles to separate two or more sources of memory; it is not an issue necessarily with the memory itself. In other words, source misattributions are errors in source monitoring. The subject may have trouble discriminating between his or her actual perception of an event and their imagined version of these memories (Ceci et al., 1994). Some research suggests that children have more issues with source misattribution compared to adults. Children as old as nine years may have difficulty in discriminating between things they actually did and things that they imagined themselves doing (Foley & Johnson, 1985). Ceci et al. (1994) researched source monitoring and source misattributions among pre-school aged children. 96 pre-school aged children from central New York State were chosen to participate. After the main group of children was selected, they were divided into smaller groups based on their ages: the younger group consisted of three- and four-year-olds and the older group consisted of five- and six-year-olds. To carry out the experiment, the children's parents were interviewed to find out about both positive and negative events that did indeed occur in the child's life. The parents were then asked to verify what certain events did not occur in their child's life. Following the parental interview, the children were interviewed and shown a list of events that happened to them and events that did not happen to them. The events that did actually happen to them were quite salient and the events that did not happen to them were very specific. Of the events that did not happen to the children, one of them described the child getting his or her hand caught in a mousetrap and then going to the hospital to get it removed. The other one entailed going on a hot air balloon ride. The children were asked to decide which events actually happened to them and which ones did not. These interviews with the children happened on about seven or eight occasions, each spaced out by approximately a week. The spacing of the interviews is important, as the researchers used timing as a variable that affects source monitoring. At the final interview, a novel interviewer that the children had not met before asked them to elaborate as much as they could about all of the events, both real and imagined. A new interviewer was used so that the answers the children gave were neutral and not influenced by previous interviewers in any way. They were also asked to rate their confidence level for every detail given about each event.

Paragraph 3: Libby's relationship with Darren Stark (Todd MacDonald) comes to an abrupt end after he kisses Janae Timmins (Eliza Taylor-Cotter), but Libby soon finds romance again with Daniel Fitzgerald (Brett Tucker). Valentine told TV Week that Libby decides that she has had enough of Darren and their relationship is over for good. Then over the next few months there is a hint of romance for Libby and Dan. Tucker said that there is "an immediate attraction" for Dan when it comes to Libby. Dan hides some secrets from Libby and when she discovers them, there is "an emotional upset." Valentine explained "Libby will begin to feel like she's being constantly let down by men. She can't seem to take a trick. Guys just keep disappointing her." Tucker added that it was never planned for Libby and Dan to have a trouble free relationship, although he previously thought otherwise. When she was asked to choose between Dan and Drew, Valentine chose Dan and she explained "I do honestly think that Dan is more her match. [...] I just think Dan and Libby are very similar like with their careers – they've got a lot more in common, they're both teachers and they're both very articulate and educated. I think maybe Libby and Dan can entertain each other a little bit more, in many different ways, than Libby and Drew could." Libby and Dan's relationship does not run smoothly and Dan's ex-wife Samantha (Simone Buchanan) causes problems for them. Sam lies to Dan that she is pregnant with his child and when the lie is exposed, Libby sees Dan is upset that he does not have a child. Valentine told Digital Spy; "when Libby sees how upset Dan is about it all, she desperately wants him to have his own child. So for the next few months, we've got this long-term storyline based around Libby wanting to have a baby with Dan which we all know is incredibly risky because she could die if she has another baby."

Paragraph 4: The first evidence of early cultures in the area of Castro Verde was the discovery of the 'Syllabary of Espança', which was found near the village of Neves-Corvo in the civil parish of Santa Bárbara de Padrões. This archaeological stone contains a Southwest Paleohispanic script, using Tartessian script and language, identified as being the most ancient paleohispanic script; related to the Phoenician alphabet, it is the closest European connection to the Phoenician culture. The Tartessian culture was the precursors of the Turdetani peoples of the Roman period. Growth of settlements during the classic period were likely associated with the strategic importance of the Iberian Pyrite zone. Castro Verde lies along a transport route linking the mines of Aljustrel (20 km to the north) with the port city of Mértola (40 km to the east) situated on tributaries of the Guadiana river. During the Roman occupation, the extensive mining and warehousing of minerals required protective fortifications and mineral warehouses: in the Castro Verde territory there are remains of more than 20 such small structures. Along with mining activities, the area became a vast area of grain production and cattle/sheep-grazing. The richness and abundance of these combined 'base economies' grew to such extent that Castro Verde became a regional centre of commerce and thus a crossroad of cultures within the Mediterranean area.

Paragraph 5: Singer and actress Noah Cyrus released the music video for the song The End of Everything in collaboration with Boswell on May 19, 2020, in which she states that it is inspired by Timelapse of the Future. The music video is a refreshed art installation-like version of Timelapse of the Future, similar to the draft version tweeted by Boswell in 2018, with some points omitted to fit the song's duration, and with some points shuffled to fit the lyrics. Some of the videos on the other songs on the EP of the same name also used imageries from Boswell. Via her Instagram account, she states: "I had the pleasure of working with him on this as well. I've never been more inspired to go and write a song based on a visual." In an interview with NPR, she said:Th[e film] hit my heart so heav[ily]. My mom is my best friend and I immediately started thinking about her when I watched this. My time with her and my family is so limited — and with everybody on this earth. The mountains that I look at outside of my window from my view, they're going to explode and obliterate and there's not going to be a me or a you or my mom or my dad. And there's something really terrifying, but also comforting about that, when you think about how much fear and how much hatred there is in the world, and that will also end.For me, it really put into perspective how shortly lived our moments here as humans are. Situations from when I was younger started entering my head that I wanted to apologize for. There were people I wanted to reach out to that I hadn't checked in on in a while. There were wrongs that I felt needed to be made right. I realized I needed to appreciate the current moment more, and to let the ones I love know I love them. The message that what we have right now is what matters. Nothing else.Boswell, who became the director of the music video, went to his Instagram account, saying: "She captured this subject more elegantly in 3 minutes than I could in 30. We worked together on creating a custom short-form version of my original piece to fit the song, which is hauntingly beautiful, as is the rest of her EP of the same name. Thanks to Noah and her team for making me a part of this."

Paragraph 6: Nguyen was recognized by the Smithsonian Institution in 2007 as the first Vietnamese-American to anchor a national television news broadcast in the United States. According to Maxim, she was named one of "TV´s 10 Hottest News Anchors" in 2008. In 2011, she was listed as one of "The 10 Most Stylish Anchors & Reporters" by The Huffington Post. Nguyen spent a short time as a freelance correspondent for E! Entertainment Network. She has hosted several specials and was featured as a reporter on episodes of Walker, Texas Ranger. She can also be seen in Spike Lee's When the Levees Broke: A Requiem in Four Acts.

Paragraph 7:  Mustang Challenge: Basic Assessment: As with the previous few seasons, the show's production team have purchased a brand new Ford Mustang GT, to be used in one challenge per episode. This year, however, the drivers are afforded the use of the Mustang's reversing camera, something only the 2017 model Camaro featured last year. Alexis is first to take the challenge and forgets to set her mirrors, causing several hits while reversing through the wheel rims while erratically stepping on both pedals simultaneously, but her overly hasty driving causes her to dent the car noticeably in the barriers, nearly ripping off the front bumper before hitting two foam people and clipping a third in the slalom. Descyara, who doesn't want to use the backup camera, but choosing to speed through the rims, fares a little better while reversing, with only a few hits early on, but she doesn't cause too much more damage to the car in the barriers than Alexis did, but, despite only steering with one hand, manages to make it through most of the slalom before clipping the last foam person, nearly bringing Descyara to tears, as the aftermath of the challenge reminds her of an accident she had while pregnant. Darris' run is one of the better ones, passing the reversing section with no trouble at all and then only having two hits while turning the car around, before executing the slalom flawlessly despite speeding up to 60 km/h early on (something Andrew also did in his demonstration), becoming the first driver to pass at least one segment, convincing Andrew that Darris' issue isn't driving, but dealing with the guilt of having survived the 2008 crash that killed his cousin. Ryan has clearly the best run of the day, executing a rare perfect run on the assessment challenge, joining Cody Jensen from the twelfth season as the only drivers (aside from Chris Ferguson in the ninth season) to ever pass all three segments, which in turn leads to Cam suggesting that Ryan could be an instructor, a suggestion Tim takes offence to. Brandon, who is prohibited from attempting any driving challenge unless he gets medically cleared by a doctor, which he does when he and Sarah travel to Haldimand War Memorial Hospital to get a doctor's note, gets a public driving lesson from Tim on how to drive with a spinner knob. However, despite driving with the spinner knob, he does poorly in the reversing section. His run then completely falls apart in the slalom, as he speeds up to over 90 km/h, hits the last three foam people and skids off the course, nearly bringing Sarah to tears when she asks him afterwards if he was going the speed limit. Karlene's run turns out to be particularly poor; forced to take the reversing section without Darrell, she proves incredibly slow and takes a long time just to get through the reversing section-- 27 minutes, to be exact (longer than it took Travis Murray from the previous season to complete the entire challenge; Travis didn't even drive to rehab due to attending a wedding)-- causes more damage to the car in the concrete blocks than Alexis, Descyara or Brandon did, before taking the slalom at 40 km/h, hitting the second-to-last foam person in the slalom. Despite being the final driver of the day, Brittany fares no better in the reversing section than Brandon did, getting wedged on a rim and hitting the middle foam person in the slalom, leading her to realize that she simply shouldn't have a license at all.

Paragraph 8:  Sunol Depot This one-story Stick style depot was built to Southern Pacific standard design No. 7 in 1884. Railroads such as the SPRR created standard depot designs to serve the many towns along its lines and represents an early application of standard architectural designs on a large scale. More than economical, this standardization created a predictable experience for employees and customers, and contributed to the company's branding. A “combination depot” such as this housed facilities for a company agent, freight and passengers in one building and were designed to serve small towns such as Sunol. Out of at least eleven No. 7 depots built by the railroad, Sunol is the last one remaining.  It is 19 feet wide and 67 feet long. The roof is divided into two parts with a gable roof over the east end, and an elevated hip roof over the freight room to the west. Decorative scroll cut brackets supported the eaves and similar bargeboards adorn the east gable end. The depot is divided into a series of rooms to serve a variety of functions. Starting from the east, the first room is the passenger waiting room. The agents office is next to the west and features a five-window bay on the track side from which the company's agent would conduct business related to train operations. This room also contained a public counter at which business could be conducted with shippers, and a small ticket window connects this office with the passenger waiting room. The next room was the baggage room and is currently used for storage. Finally, the freight room takes up the rest of the building and is set about forty inches above grade so that its floor would be level with the floor of freight cars and teamsters’ wagons. This room is now used for exhibits and meetings. The freight room had been surrounded on three sides by a freight platform to facilitate the loading and unloading of freight from rail cars that would have been positioned next to this platform. A track had been located north of the building between the platform and the mainline for this purpose.

Paragraph 9: In his 11 May 2003 article in the Washington Postalso published in Newsday, The Record, the Oakland Tribune, and the China Dailyforeign policy expert David Rothkopf, referred to the information epidemicor "infodemic", in the context of the 2002–2004 SARS outbreak. The outbreak of SARS, which was caused by Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 1 began in a remote region in Guangdong, China in November 2002. By the time the outbreak ended in May 2003, it had reached 30 countries and there were over 8,000 confirmed cases and 774 deaths. Rothkopf, who was at that time, a member of the advisory committee's board of directors at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health's Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security which provides policy recommendations to the United States government and the World Health Organization, said that the infodemic was the second of two concurrent epidemics. Rothkopf described how the "information epidemic" transformed SARS from a regional health crisis into a "debacle" that spread globally with both economic and social repercussions. He said this infodemic "was not the rapid spread of simple news via the media, nor is it simply the rumor mill on steroids. Rather, as with SARS, it is a complex phenomenon caused by the interaction of mainstream media, specialist media and internet sites, and "informal" media, which is to say wireless phones, text messaging, pagers, faxes, and e-mail, all transmitting some combination of fact, rumor, interpretation, and propaganda." Rothkopf citing the State Department, said that 2002 was the "year of the most heightened state of terrorism panic in our history" even though terrorism globally had decreased to its "lowest level since 1969". His company, the Washington DC-based strategic intelligence and analysis firm, Intellibridge, which he had founded in 1999, tracked the January 2003 Chinese reports on the outbreak. On 9 February 2003, Intellibridge provided their analysis to the U.S. defense community, and then posted the information on ProMED, a Federation of American Scientists Web site. The general public did not learn of the outbreak until 23 February 2003, when an elderly woman died of SARS in her home in Toronto, Canada, from Hong Kong. Her son, who spread the disease in a Toronto hospital also died. With the first death in North America, the Western media began to cover the outbreak. Rothkopf said that if more had been done earlier to manage the disease as well as information about SARS, perhaps there might not have been a worldwide panic. The infodemic spread globally, far beyond the countries that had SARS victims and "set off a chain reaction of economic and social consequences". It also made it harder for health organizations to control the SARS epidemic as panic spread online.

Paragraph 10: Haindorf studied philosophy, history, literature, medicine and psychology in Würzburg, Erlangen, Bamberg and Heidelberg. During his time in Würzburg, Haindorf was taught by the German mathematical philosopher Jakob Wagner whom he met again when doing his doctorate 1810 in Heidelberg. He started teaching the subject mental health in Heidelberg. In 1811 Haindorf published his postdoctoral thesis "Versuch einer Pathologie und Therapie der Geistes- und Gemüthskrankheiten" (English: Attempt at a pathology and therapy of mental and emotional illnesses). His thesis was well received and one of the reasons his request to become a private lecturer was accepted. Because of Haindorfs first publication, he gained a reputation as a specialist in mental and emotional illnesses. Starting in summer 1811 Haindorf announced a course called "Psychologie und Anthropologie in vorzüglicher Rücksicht auf Gemüts- und Geisteskrankheiten und die Zurechnung der Verbrechen, von denen sie Ursache sein können". For three semesters Haindorf continued holding lectures about pathology, therapy and psychology. In July 1812 Haindorf handed in a request to carry the title of professor, which was denied. In his request Alexander Haindorf listed positive reactions to his book as an argument to make him a professor. In his rejection letter a number of formal reasons, for example, that he has only been teaching for a year, for his rejection were listed; however, the main point was him being a Jew. Although his reaction is not directly documented, his rejection is seen as one of the causes Haindorf was passionate about Jew rights and equality. Based on the value of his book and his teaching experience he should have been a professor, but the time was not ready for a Jew in an equal position to other scholars. Haindorf was angered and requested a two years long holiday to expand his education by visiting the most excellent medical institutions in France, Italy and Germany. However, he later stated that bad rumours were going around and that he was not planning on coming back. He moved to Paris from 1813 until 1814 to further study psychiatry at a mental health facility. His experience in France resulted in his second book's publication in 1815. Back in Germany, Haindorf became a practical doctor while continuing to teach. Over the course of his life, he continued to teach performing surgeries, obstetrics and psychiatry at the University of Münster. He became the first Jewish private lecturer at the University of Münster. He also continued teaching psychology and became known for his teaching and support for a Jewish school in Münster. In 1825 he founded the "Verein zur Beförderung von Handwerken Unter den Juden" (English: Association for the promotion of craftwork among Jews), whose influence of this society extended within ten years over Westphalia and Rhenish Prussia.

Paragraph 11: Robert first showed up in Port Charles under suspicious circumstances, tracking Luke and Alexandria Quartermaine in search of an ugly black statue called "The Ice Princess" which in reality was a large uncut diamond that had a secret formula which could create carbonic snow, which could either help in medical procedures to fix severe burns or in the wrong hands create world mayhem. For months, Luke and Robert believed each other to be the enemy, but when Luke learned the truth about the Ice Princess offered to work with Robert to stop the insane Cassadine family who was bent on world domination. Robert was joined in Port Charles by Agent O'Reilly (Billie Hayes). a feisty older woman who kept him on his toes and unfortunately ended up being murdered by the Cassadines. Because of her death, a vengeful Robert and Luke immediately boarded the Cassadine Yacht, "The Titan", finding Laura there, and stayed out of sight until they got to the private island where Mikkos Cassadine revealed his plans to his esteemed group of guests. Robert, Luke and Laura found help from Tiffany Hill, the mistress of Victor Cassadine who wanted to stop Mikkos from going through with his evil plans. While Robert and Laura held Mikkos's guards at gunpoint, Luke confronted Mikkos which resulted with Mikkos freezing to death in his own ice chamber and Luke frantically trying to guess the code to unfreeze Port Charles. Luke succeeded, and they all returned to Port Charles as heroes, with Tiffany joining them. Luke and Robert agreed the formula and the ice machine needed to be destroyed to avoid the risk of falling into the wrong hands. Robert left the W.S.B. over disagreements over destroying the ice machine and formula, and for a while dated Tiffany, but the spark that had captured them on the island fizzled after a while. Robert was Luke's best man when he married Laura in a big ceremony in November 1981. At the wedding, Robert was reacquainted with Mikkos's vengeful widow, Helena Cassadine, who came to town to make a huge donation to General Hospital but secretly put a curse on Luke and Laura.

Paragraph 12: It was whispered in society that Rasputin had seduced not only the Tsarina but also the four grand duchesses. Rasputin had released ardent letters written to him by the Tsarina and the four grand duchesses. The letters circulated throughout society, fueling the rumors. Pornographic cartoons also circulated that depicted Rasputin having sexual relations with the empress, with her four daughters and Anna Vyrubova nude in the background. Nicholas ordered Rasputin to leave St. Petersburg for a time, much to Alexandra's displeasure, and Rasputin went on a pilgrimage to Palestine. Despite the scandal, the imperial family's association with Rasputin continued until Rasputin was murdered on 17 December 1916. "Our Friend is so contented with our girlies, says they have gone through heavy 'courses' for their age and their souls have much developed," Alexandra wrote to Nicholas on 6 December 1916. In his memoirs, A. A. Mordvinov reported that the four grand duchesses appeared "cold and visibly terribly upset" by Rasputin's death and sat "huddled up closely together" on a sofa in one of their bedrooms on the night they received the news. Mordvinov reported that the young women were in a gloomy mood and seemed to sense the political upheaval that was about to be unleashed. Rasputin was buried with an icon signed on its reverse side by Maria, her sisters, and mother. Maria attended Rasputin's funeral on 21 December 1916 and her family planned to build a church over his grave site.

Paragraph 13: A third club named Clydebank F.C. were formed in 1914. Playing their home games at Clydeholm they immediately joined the Scottish Football League, but by 1931 they had disbanded. In 1964 the owners of East Stirlingshire F.C., Jack and Charlie Steedman, merged the Falkirk-based team with Clydebank Juniors, naming the new entity East Stirlingshire Clydebank F.C.. ES Clydebank inherited East Stirlingshire's place in Division Two and played their home games at New Kilbowie. The merge, which was opposed by fans of both clubs, lasted only one season, with East Stirlingshire shareholders winning several court cases against it. East Stirlingshire reverted to its original legal status and moved back to Falkirk, parting company with the Steedman brothers.

Paragraph 14: However, the Bengals self-destructed in the fourth quarter, suffering one of the worst collapses in franchise history. After catching a 9-yard pass, Bengals running back Pete Johnson failed to pick up the first down with consecutive runs, and Breech missed a 46-yard field goal attempt.  New York then drove 72 yards to go up 30–17 on McNeil's 20-yard touchdown run.  On the first play of the Bengals' ensuing drive, Anderson threw a 69-yard touchdown pass to Collinsworth, only to see it wiped out by an false start penalty on right tackle Mike Wilson.  Cincinnati still managed to drive to the Jets' 6-yard line, but then had another touchdown eliminated, this time a 6-yard run by Anderson cancelled out by an illegal motion penalty on Ross.  On the next play, Anderson's pass was intercepted by safety Darrol Ray and returned a playoff record 98 yards for a touchdown, giving New York a 37–17 lead with less than 5 minutes left in the game.  After Cincinnati got the ball back, Lynn recorded his second interception of the day, returning this one 26 yards to the Bengals' 26, and New York went on to score on the final points of the game with a 1-yard touchdown run by Dwayne Crutchfield.

Paragraph 15: Those who answer the pre-recorded calls hear a message telling them that their vehicle warranty is about to expire and that they should "extend coverage before it is too late". They are told to "press one" to speak to a "warranty specialist". The "specialists" then mislead consumers into believing that their company is affiliated with the dealer or manufacturer of the consumer's vehicle. They try to sell consumers a service contract for between $2,000 and $3,000, which they falsely portray as an extension of the vehicle's original warranty. The seller of extended auto warranties sued by the FTC allegedly took in more than $10 million on the sale of these deceptively marketed service contracts. In their robocalls, the companies dialed every phone number within a particular area code and prefix sequentially, without knowing whether the consumers called were motorists or owned motor vehicles, or whether those consumers' numbers were on the Do Not Call Registry. Consumers who asked that the calls be stopped often were met with "abusive behavior" or were simply hung up on, according to the papers filed with the court. Some of the defendants used offshore shell corporations to try to avoid scrutiny, and a top officer in the telemarketing company bragged to prospective clients that he could operate outside the law without any chance of being caught by the FTC, the papers stated. This defendant also claimed that he makes 1.8 million dials per day and that he had done more than $40 million worth of dialing for extended warranty companies, including one billion dials on behalf of his largest client, according to the court papers filed by the FTC. In addition to the robocalls, the FTC charged that the company selling the warranties mails out deceptive postcards to consumers, warning them about the imminent expiration of their auto warranties. The postcards are designed to mislead consumers into believing that they are being contacted by their dealer or manufacturer, and the postcards offer consumers the chance to "renew" their original warranties. On May 15, 2009 U.S. District Judge John F. Grady issued the temporary restraining order against the defendants Transcontinental Warranty Inc. and Voice Touch Inc. Grady's orders also applied to Transcontinental CEO and President Christopher Cowart, Voice Touch executives James and Maureen Dunne, Voice Touch business partner Network Foundations LLC and Network Foundations executive Damian Kohlfeld. Besides ordering a halt to the automatic telephone sales calls, Grady's order froze the assets of the two companies. The FTC alleged in its complaints that the calls were part of a deceptive scheme and asked the court to assure the assets will not be lost in case they might be needed to repay consumers who have been victimized. The FTC isn't immediately seeking civil fines against the companies but may do so later, agency officials said. Attorneys general in Arkansas, Indiana and Missouri have taken similar actions over calls offering extended warranties on automobiles.

Paragraph 16: Canadian Pacific Railway retained a 33% ownership in the new company and the Washington Corporation obtained the remaining 67%. The new railroad was headquartered in Davenport, Iowa, with Nahant Yard becoming the base for most operations and locomotive maintenance. Heavy locomotive repairs were handled by National Railway Equipment in Silvis, Illinois. Train dispatching was first handled by the Canadian Pacific, but those duties were later performed by the Montana Rail Link in Missoula, Montana, which is another Washington subsidiary.  IMRL's principal commodities included steel, coal, agricultural and chemical products. The railroad operated with 2,284 freight cars and 118 locomotives. Train operations continued much as they did during Soo Line and CP Rail ownership.

Paragraph 17: In the 1940s, geologist Hans Suess speculated that the regularity that was observed in the abundances of elements may be related to structural properties of the atomic nucleus. These considerations were seeded by the discovery of radioactivity  by Becquerel in 1896 as an aside of advances in chemistry which aimed at production of gold. This remarkable possibility for transformation of matter created much excitement among physicists for the next decades, culminating in discovery of the atomic nucleus, with milestones in Ernest Rutherford's scattering experiments in 1911, and the discovery of the neutron by James Chadwick (1932). After Aston demonstrated that the mass of helium is less than four times that of the proton, Eddington proposed that, through an unknown process in the Sun's core, hydrogen is transmuted into helium, liberating energy. Twenty years later, Bethe and von Weizsäcker independently derived the CN cycle, the first known nuclear reaction that accomplishes this transmutation. The interval between Eddington's proposal and derivation of the CN cycle can mainly be attributed to an incomplete understanding of nuclear structure. The basic principles for explaining the origin of elements and energy generation in stars appear in the concepts describing nucleosynthesis, which arose in the 1940s, led by George Gamow and presented in a 2-page paper in 1948 as the Alpher–Bethe–Gamow paper. A complete concept of processes that make up cosmic nucleosynthesis was presented in the late 1950s by Burbidge, Burbidge, Fowler, and Hoyle, and by Cameron. Fowler is largely credited with initiating collaboration between astronomers, astrophysicists, and theoretical and experimental nuclear physicists, in a field that we now know as nuclear astrophysics (for which he won the 1983 Nobel Prize). During these same decades, Arthur Eddington and others were able to link the liberation of nuclear binding energy through such nuclear reactions to the structural equations of stars.

Paragraph 18: The story begins with Arun Choudhury (Ranjit Mallick) and Sujata Choudhury (Anuradha Ray) as happy couple living together and leading a happy life with their son Suman (Tapas Paul). Arun Choudhury is a doctor by profession. One day, in his clinic comes Seema (Sanghamitra Bandyopadhyay) who was Arun's college best friend. Arun used to like her a lot during college. Arun and Sujata went to dinner that night along with Seema. Arun's best friend Avik (Ramaprasad Banik) had a very lovely romantic nature. He used to write poetry for his love life and always dreamt himself of as a romantic person. He used to be a regular visitor to Arun's clinic. On their wedding anniversary, Arun and Sujata invited Seema to their party where she seen Seema had a strong bond and liking towards Arun which she strongly opposed to. One fateful night, Seema's son died due to high fever and complications. Seema blamed Arun for all these as he was the sole doctor they were visiting. Frustrated, Arun reached his house and there ensued a strong quarrel between Arun and Sujata which led Sujata leave the house. Sujata was a pregnant woman and she decided to stay away from Arun. After few days, Sujata gave birth to a boy named Rahul (Prosenjit Chatterjee). Staying away for many years led Arun and Sujata feel deserted while Rahul and Suman grew up to be good friends. Upon recommended by Arun, Rahul got a job in Avik's industry where he started liking Soma (Satabdi Roy) whereas Suman started liking Riya (Indrani Dutta) after saving her from a gang of goons. After few days Suman and Riya married to each other and came to take blessings from Sujata unaware that she is none other than his biological mother. Sujata came to know that Suman is her son and hugged him. She ensured that Arun would agree to their marriage as Arun was not agreed to their relationship. Sujata and Arun met each other and said all things also telling him Rahul is their son, on which Arun got ecstatic and happy. Rahul and Soma also married to each other and were spending happy days until their family problems came to hinder their path when Suman started disobeying his father and Rahul started to live in his in-laws house with his wife leaving both of their parents alone. Finally, Arun and Sujata met each other and everything became good with all members again came upon rejoicing and thinking about the well-being of their parents. Everyone started living happily thereafter.

Paragraph 19: During the First World War Geddes was one of the "men of push and go"  brought into government service by Minister of Munitions David Lloyd George. In 1915 Geddes was selected by Lloyd George and given the title of deputy director general of munitions supply, whereupon he left the NER. Made responsible for small arms production, he established rational goals for rifles, light and heavy machine guns, and production then soared, making many more automatic weapons than the army had requested.  Shell production was also booming but these were not adequately getting filled with explosive, and so Geddes was made responsible for them in December 1916; within six months the number of filled shells increased tenfold to two million per week, and the filled shells piled up on French docks. Lloyd George, now Minister of War, persuaded Sir Douglas Haig, Commander of the British Expeditionary Force, to invite Geddes and his three-man team over for two days in August 1916 to advise on transportation.  Haig was so impressed that the visit was extended to a month and then Geddes was appointed Director General of Military Railways and Inspector-General of Transportation with the rank of major general. They got the ports and railways working efficiently and built light railways to bring materials to the front.  He was knighted in 1916 and appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath and Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire in 1917. He was promoted to inspector general of transportation in all theatres of war.

Paragraph 20: M. Suganth from The Times of India, rated 3.5 out of 5, stating that "Petta is less of a Karthik Subbaraj film, but it gives Rajini fans their Thalaivar in a way that they have been dying to see him, celebrating the Rajinisms." Filmibeat rated the film 3.5 out of 5, stating "Petta is definitely a film that stays loyal to its genre and it keeps the audiences entertained despite some of the dragging moments in the second half. It is indeed a treat for all Rajinikanth fans as the superstar steals the show in a way that only he can." Srinivasa Ramanujam of The Hindu stated that "Despite quite a few underwritten characters, Petta triumphs by bringing back the Superstar of yore!" Indiaglitz rated the film 3.75 out of 5, stating that "Go for this kickass true blue Thalaivar movie in which Karthik Subbaraj Rajinifies you." Sify rated the film 3 out of 5. India Today rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars, and summarised that "Petta is a classic Rajinikanth film that his fans should not miss". Anusha Iyengar from the Times Now rated 3.5 out of 5, with a verdict "Petta is a complete mass entertainer with twists and turns that will make you howl in the theatres like you would in a Thalaiva film. It is relevant to the current day and age; it's a film that all Rajinikanth fans will definitely enjoy!"  Behindwoods rated the film 3 out of 5, stating that "Style! Mass! Style! Petta is a celebration of Superstar Rajinikanth. Go enjoy it." The Indian Express rated 3.5 out of 5 stars, reviewing that "Karthik Subbaraj has a sense of style, which breaks through only occasionally in Petta. For that Rajini Sir will have to submit a little more to the script, and a last little twist in the long drawn-out climax holds out hope. "NDTV rated the film 2.5 out of 5, and summarised that "Rajinikanth returns to the basics with aplomb. Just go and watch it for the Rajinikanth that you missed in his last few releases." Baradwaj Rangan, rated the film 2.5 out of 5 stars, stating "Jigarthanda and Iraivi were sprawling stories but there was a sense of a gradual buildup, the sense of the narrative noose being slowly tightened. But Petta looks rushed and even the Karthik Subbaraj flourishes come off like affectations"  Gauthaman Baskaran, from News18 rated 1 out of 5 stating that, "Petta turns out be yet another outing for Rajinikanth who relies on gimmicks rather than solid performance." Ananda Vikatan rated the film 41 out of 100.

Paragraph 21: The mineral resource-rich countries of Central Asia and Mongolia offer a unique set of landlocked cases to explore in more depth, as these are nations where economic growth has grown exceptionally in recent years. In Central Asia, oil and coal deposits have influenced development: Kazakhstan’s GDI per capita in purchasing power parity was five times greater than Kyrgyzstan's in 2009. Despite substantial development growth, these nations are not on a stable and destined path to being well developed, as the exploitation of their natural resources translates into an overall low average income and disparity of income, and because their limited deposits of resources allow growth only in the short term, and most importantly because dependence on unprocessed materials increases the risk of shocks due to variations in market prices. And though it is widely conceived that free trade can permit faster economic growth, Mongolia is now subjected to a new geopolitical game about the traffic on its railway lines between China and Russia. Russian Railways now effectively owns 50% of Mongolia's rail infrastructure, which could mean more efficient modernization and the laying of new rail lines, but in reality also translates into powerful leverage to pressure the government of Mongolia to concede unfair terms for license grants of coal, copper, and gold mines. Thus, it can be argued that these nations with extraordinary mineral wealth should pursue economic diversification. All of these nations possess education qualifications, as they are inheritors of the Soviet Union's social education system. This implies that it is due to poor economic policies that more than 40% of the labour force is bogged down in the agricultural sector instead of being diverted into secondary or tertiary economic activity. Yet, it cannot be ignored that Mongolia benefits exceptionally from its proximity to two giant BRIC nations, resulting in a rapid development of railway ports along its borders, especially along the Chinese border, as the Chinese seek to direct coking coal from Mongolia to China's northwestern industrial core, and, as well as for transportation southeast towards Japan and South Korea, resulting in revenue generation through the seaport of Tianjin.

Paragraph 22: Ace falls out of the rift in the Egyptian desert during the Akhenaten period, where she is found by nobleman Sedjet and becomes part of his household body guard.  Because she is a woman, she has to constantly prove herself. The only person who seems to accept her is the priest, Sesehaten. Although she can still hear Egyptian as English, she eventually accepts that the Doctor will not be coming to rescue her. When Sedjet tries to take her on as his mistress, Ace realises that he will only ever see her as a curiosity. She leaves his house, abandoning the force field generator she used to travel through the rift. Unable to find work as a soldier, she is reduced to working as a waitress. She encounters Sesehaten again, who tells her that odd lights have been seen in the sky. Ace realises that the rift may be opening and rushes back to Sedjet's house. The building is empty and the ants are there looking for the force field generator. Sesehaten reveals that he is part of the cult of Set (also known as Sutekh), which has been outlawed since Pharaoh forced Egypt to accept a single religion and one god Aten. Sesehaten's cult will help Ace leave through the rift, if she helps them kidnap the Pharaoh. Ace agrees, as she sees Akhenaten as another in the long line of fascists she has fought. Ace breaks into Akhenaten's palace and takes him hostage, but Ace realises through talking to him that he is no better or worse than any other ruler. In the courtyard he reveals the TARDIS, which his army recovered when it fell from the sky, explaining how Ace could understand Egyptian. Using the instruments, Ace discovers that Sesehaten is not human, but a machine built by Ship to control the rift.

Paragraph 23: In 1904, Otlet and La Fontaine began to publish their classification scheme, which they termed the Universal Decimal Classification. The UDC was originally based on Melvil Dewey's Decimal classification system. Otlet and La Fontaine contacted Melvil Dewey to inquire if they could modify the Dewey Decimal System to suit the perimeters of their bibliographic project, namely, organizing information in the social and natural sciences.  Dewey granted them permission as long as it substantially differed from his original version. They worked with numerous subject experts, for example with Herbert Haviland Field at the Concilium Bibliographicum for Zoology, and completed this initial publication in 1907. The system defines not only detailed subject classifications, but also an algebraic notation for referring to the intersection of several subjects; for example, the notation "31:[622+669](485)" refers to the statistics of mining and metallurgy in Sweden. The UDC is an example of an analytico-synthetic classification, i.e., it permits the linking of one concept to another. Although some have described it as faceted, it is not, though there are some faceted elements in it. A truly faceted classification consists solely of simple concepts; there are many compound concepts listed in the UDC. It is still used by many libraries and bibliographic services outside the English-speaking world, and in some non-traditional contexts such as the BBC Archives.

Paragraph 24: In the December 1992 edition of Dragon (Issue 188), Rick Swan was initially impressed by the contents of the game box: "The dozens of plastic pieces, detailed down to the bolts on the war hammers and scowls on the goblins, are a miniaturist’s dream. The enormous vinyl battle map, with nearly 25 square feet of green fields and azure rivers, may be the biggest playing area ever included in a board game. Throw in a 5” plastic castle, a handful of skull dice, and enough odds and ends to bury the family dog, and it’s like a visit from Santa Claus." But Swan was disappointed with every other aspect of the game. He felt the rules were overly simplistic, "as if the designers were afraid that excessive decision-making might cause the players’ heads to explode." And despite all of the different playing pieces, Swan noted that "there’s no meaningful difference between the various units, as just about all of them move and attack the same way." Despite its issues, he pointed out that when he play-tested it with grade-school kids, "everyone one of them adored ... a game big enough to fill the living-room floor." For this reason, Swan raised his rating of the game from poor to an average rating of 3.5 stars out of 6.

Paragraph 25: During the COVID-19 pandemic, the beer saw some controversy due to its similarity in name to coronaviruses. There was some reduction in the sales of the brand in China, but not in the United States (where the brand is much more popular than in China and where sales of the brand actually rose by 5% in early 2020), and the sales slump in China affected various brands, not just Corona. CNN reported that a survey by 5W Public Relations said that 38% of Americans would not buy Corona "under any circumstances" because they associate the name with the coronavirus outbreak, and another 14% said they would not order a Corona in public. The survey of 737 American beer drinkers over the age of 21 was conducted via phone on February 25 and 26, 2020. The PR firm's news release said the survey was carried out "regarding their opinions about the popular Mexican beer brand, Corona, as a result of the deadly COVID-19 coronavirus that's spreading around the world". However, the question responsible for the 38% statistic did not actually mention COVID-19 as a motivation, which might have instead simply indicated a preference for a different brand of beer. Among regular Corona drinkers, only 4% said they planned to stop drinking the brand. Snopes and FactCheck.org reported that the notion that the pandemic caused a sharp reduction in sales due to confusion over the name of the brand was simply false.

Paragraph 26: The electrification plebiscite was the fourth plebiscite conducted province-wide in Alberta's history. The ballot was not a traditional yes/no question, but presented two options on electricity generation and transmission, asking if the province should create "a publicly-owned utility administered by the Alberta Government Power Commission" or leave the electricity industry in the hands of companies already in the business (a mixture of municipal operations and private companies). The driving force behind the referendum was whether to provide rural electrification through public ownership or leave it in the hands of private corporations that had done very little up to that time and did not have the financial resources to perform the task. Despite the referendum result, the government sponsored the creation of many Rural Electrification Associations, of which some still exist today.

Paragraph 27: In the 1980s, Ip released five albums with a local producer. After complaining about the direction of the Cantopop industry and falling out with her then label, Black and White, Ip chose to retire from music in 1988 and went into semi-retirement, with occasional roles in movies. She returned to the Cantopop scene in 2002 with an EP, which, along with a live recording of her 2002 concert in Hong Kong, were both released by Universal Music Group. In the mid-90s, she teamed up with male star Andy Hui to produce the hit duet "教我如何不愛他" (lit. "Teach me how not to love him") and again in 2004 for the award-winner "美中不足" (lit. "A minor defect in something otherwise perfect").

Paragraph 28: In 1602 the manor of Avon Tyrrell was sold by his descendant John Tyrrell to Bennett Wynchecombe and Giles Tooker, who sold it to Sir John Webb, 1st Baronet (d. 1680), of Odstock, Wiltshire (created a baronet in 1644), son of Sir John Webb, knight, of Odstock and of Great Canford, Dorset, by his second wife Catharine Tresham, daughter of Sir Thomas Tresham, of Rushton, Northamptonshire. His descendant Sir John Webb, 5th Baronet (d. 1797) sold it to Edward Buckley Batson, a banker, and Stanlake Batson. The heir of Stanlake Batson was his sister Anne Batson, wife of Henry Fane (1739-1802), of Fulbeck Hall, Lincolnshire, the second son of Thomas Fane, 8th Earl of Westmorland (1701–1771). Avon Tyrrell was inherited by her second son, the Rev. Edward Fane, and passed to his eldest son Henry Hamlyn-Fane (1817–1868), whose mural monument is in Clovelly Church, who married Susan Hester Hamlyn-Williams, the heiress of Clovelly in Devon, then adopted the additional surname "Hamlyn". in 1912, Avon Tyrrell was the property of one of his daughters, Miss Eveline Harriet Hamlyn-Fane, and on her death passed to her sister Constance Hamlyn-Fane, wife of John Manners-Sutton, 3rd Baron Manners (1852–1927).  Lady Manners’s childless sister Christine Hamlyn had inherited Clovelly, and had intended to bequeath it to her eldest niece Mary Christine Manners, who unexpectedly died at the age of 17. She thus left it instead to Mary's younger sister Betty Constance Manners, wife of Arthur Asquith, third son of the Prime Minister H. H. Asquith (1852–1928). The 3rd Baron Manners won the 1882 Grand National as owner, trainer, and rider of his horse Seaman, for which triple feat he won a large sum from a wager, and in 1891 used the proceeds to rebuild Avon Tyrrell House, to the design of the architect W. R. Lethaby. The house is now a Grade I listed building considered to be "one of the archetypal Arts & Crafts buildings". His eldest son Francis Manners, 4th Baron Manners (1897–1972) inherited Avon Tyrrell. It was requisitioned by the government during World War II and the family decided not to return to it after the war. In 1968 the residence of Francis Manners, 4th Baron Manners, was nearby Tyrrell's Ford, Christchurch, Hampshire. In 1949 the 4th Lord Manners gave the house, but not the estate, to a charitable trust, the "National Association of Girls' Clubs and Mixed Clubs". In 2014 it was still in use as the headquarters of UK Youth, a national youth work charity and activity centre.

Paragraph 29:  David Reubeni (1490–1541?) and Solomon Molcho (1500–1532) was an adventurer who travelled in Portugal, Italy, and Turkey. He pretended to be the ambassador and brother of the King of Khaibar, a town and former district of Arabia, in which the descendants of the "lost tribes" of Reuben and Gad were supposed to dwell. He claimed he was sent to the Pope and the powers of Europe to secure cannon and firearms for war against the Muslims, who prevented the union of the Jews living on the two sides of the Red Sea. He denied expressly that he was a Messiah or a prophet (comp. Fuenn, Keneset Yisrael, p. 256), claiming that he was merely a warrior. The credence which he found at the papal court in 1524, the reception accorded to him in 1525 at the Portuguese court (whither he came at the invitation of John III, and where he at first received the promise of help), and the temporary cessation of persecution of the Marrano; all gave the Portuguese and Spanish Marranos reason to believe that Reuveni was a forerunner of the Messiah. Selaya, inquisitor of Badajoz, complained to the King of Portugal that a Jew who had come from the Orient (referring to Reuveni) had filled the Spanish Marranos with the hope that the Messiah would come and lead Israel from all lands back to Israel, and that he had even emboldened them to overt acts (comp. H. Grätz, l.c. ix. 532). Reuveni met Rabbi Solomon Molcho, a former Spanish Christian who had reverted to Judaism. Reuveni and Molcho were arrested in Regensburg on the orders of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and king of Spain. He was taken to Mantua, in Italy where, having been baptized a Catholic, he was convicted of heresy and burned at the stake in November, 1532. A spirit of expectancy was aroused by Reuveni's stay in Portugal. In Herrera del Duque, close to Puebla de Alcocer (Badajoz, Extremadura), a Jewish girl of 15 described ecstatic visions in which she spoke with the Messiah, who took her to heaven, where she saw those who had been burned seated on thrones of gold, and who assured her of his imminent return. She (known only as the Maiden of Herrera) was enthusiastically proclaimed a prophetess, and such was the commotion caused by her alleged visions that the Toledo Inquisition had her promptly arrested.

Paragraph 30: Some well-known tagging programs in the United States are the South Carolina Marine Game Fish Tagging Program and the Virginia Game Fish Tagging Program. The South Carolina Marine Game Fish Tagging Program began in 1974 and it is now the largest public tagging program in the Southeastern United States. Anglers are trained and then receive a tag kit with tags, applicator, and instructions. When they tag a fish, anglers use a reply postcard they receive in advance to send the information on the tag number, tag date, location, species, and size. This program issues anglers who tag and release 30 or more eligible species within a year a conservation award. When an angler recaptures a tagged fish, they then should report the recapture. If possible, the tag number and the mailing address should be reported, along with the location and date of the recapture, as well with the measurement of the fish. The objective is to provide biologists with the necessary information to determine growth rate through an accurate measurement. The Virginia Game Fish Tagging Program started operations in 1995 and keeps records on recaptured fish since then. This is an annual program that starts in January and it is limited to 160 anglers. Anglers receive training workshops in February and March.