Paragraph 1: Nevada Smith is a 1966 American Western film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Steve McQueen, Karl Malden, Brian Keith, Arthur Kennedy and Suzanne Pleshette. The film was made by Embassy Pictures and Solar Productions, in association with and released by Paramount Pictures. The movie was a prequel to the 1961 Harold Robbins novel The Carpetbaggers, which had been made into a highly successful film two years earlier, with Alan Ladd playing McQueen's part as an older man. Nevada Smith depicts Smith's first meeting with another "Carpetbaggers" character, Jonas Cord Sr., and delves into Nevada Smith's background as summarized in a scene from the original film.

Paragraph 2: Duane syndrome is most probably a miswiring of the eye muscles, causing some eye muscles to contract when they shouldn't and other eye muscles not to contract when they should. Alexandrakis and Saunders found that in most cases the abducens nucleus and nerve are absent or hypoplastic, and the lateral rectus muscle is innervated by a branch of the oculomotor nerve. This view is supported by the earlier work of Hotchkiss et al. who reported on the autopsy findings of two patients with Duane's syndrome. In both cases the sixth cranial nerve nucleus and nerve was absent, and the lateral rectus muscle was innervated by the inferior division of the third oculomotor nerve. This misdirection of nerve fibres results in opposing muscles being innervated by the same nerve. Thus, on attempted abduction, stimulation of the lateral rectus via the oculomotor nerve will be accompanied by stimulation of the opposing medial rectus via the same nerve; a muscle which works to adduct the eye. Thus, co-contraction of the muscles takes place, limiting the amount of movement achievable and also resulting in retraction of the eye into the socket. They also noticed mechanical factors and considered them secondary to loss of innervation: During corrective surgery fibrous attachments have been found connecting the horizontal recti and the orbital walls and fibrosis of the lateral rectus has been confirmed by biopsy. This fibrosis can result in the lateral rectus being 'tight' and acting as a tether or leash. Co-contraction of the medial and lateral recti allows the globe to slip up or down under the tight lateral rectus producing the up and down shoots characteristic of the condition.

Paragraph 3: The game got off to a fast start as Claymore safety George Coghill, on the opening kickoff, stripped the ball from Mario Bailey's arms. After the ball came out, running back Markus Thomas returned the ball 25 yards for a touchdown, allowing former Scotland rugby union player Gavin Hastings to kick the successful point after touchdown. However, the Galaxy would respond to the Claymores challenge, by having an 11-play, 80-yard drive that ended with Jay Kearney running 16 yards on a reverse play for a touchdown. In the second quarter, Galaxy quarterback Steve Pelluer would develop a 6-play, 30-yard drive that concluded with a two-yard touchdown pass to Mario Bailey. For the first time in the game, the Galaxy led the Claymores, but Scotland refused to enter halftime trailing. Claymore quarterback Jim Ballard would lead two successful drives, late in the half. First, a two-play, 39-yard would set up a six-yard pass to eventual MVP Yo Murphy. The point after touchdown failed. Then, a three-play, 15-yard drive would set the stage for a 16-yard pass to Murphy, but the two-point try failed, due to the Galaxy's pass rush. Still, the Claymores regained their lead, being ahead 19–14 at halftime. In the third quarter, the Claymores increased their lead by adding Paul McCallum's 46-yard field goal to their score. However, the Galaxy would respond with a four-play, 74-yard drive that ended with a 32-yard pass to Mario Bailey, but failed on the two-point conversion. The Claymores would respond with a 71-yard touchdown pass from Ballard to Murphy. The point after touchdown failed. In the fourth quarter, the Claymores would get four points on a 50-yard field goal by McCallum. With the Galaxy down 32–20, they needed points and they needed them fast. They would manage a seven-play, 63-yard drive that ended with a five-yard pass from Steve Pelluer to Mike Bellamy. After the Galaxy managed to get the ball back, they had less than a minute to get a touchdown and defend their title. Some quick passes helped Frankfurt get past midfield, but when the Galaxy reached a fourth and short situation, the mood throughout Murrayfield Stadium was tension. When the ball was snapped, the hand-off to Ingo Seibert was fumbled. Steve Pelluer managed to recover the ball and pick up the first down, but then, a flag was thrown. The referees stated that the fourth down rule was in effect. Since another player recovered the ball, the play was blown dead. It was that play and that rule that preserved the Claymores lead, giving them their 1996 World Bowl title.

Paragraph 4: In the 2009–10 season, Manager Knill expected Dawson to emulate and improve on his second season at Bury. However, in a 1–0 loss against Cheltenham Town on 12 September 2009, Dawson was at fault when he gave away the ball, leading opposition player Barry Hayles, who scored the winning and only goal for the side. After the match, Dawson made an apology to Bury's supporters for his role. Despite this, Dawson managed to fend off his mistake and scored his first goal of the season on 29 September 2009, in a 3–2 win over Crewe Alexandra. Three weeks later, on 17 October 2009, he scored again, in a 3–2 win over Aldershot Town. His third goal then came on 14 November 2009, in a 3–3 draw against Notts County. Dawson continuously formed a central midfield partnership with Barry-Murphy. By December, he was offered a new contract by the club. However, he turned down a new contract, citing his ambitions to play in the higher division. Despite this, Manager Knill said Dawson remained the key player for the side. It wasn't until on 17 January 2010 when Dawson scored again, in a 2–1 win over Bournemouth. At some point to the season, he was appointed captain at Bury, succeeding Paul Scott and previously captained the side the previous season. Since the start of the season, Dawson played in every match until he was sidelined over personal reason in March 2010, missing one league match against Macclesfield Town. Despite this, Dawson went on to finish his second season, making the total of 47 appearances and scoring 4 times in all competitions. At the end of the 2009–10 season, Dawson was again awarded the club's Player of the Year and was voted into the PFA League Two Team of The Year for the 2009–10 season at the PFA awards.

Paragraph 5: Roxy is curious when Danny asks her for a £700 investment, which he later returns in full, having apparently made a profit. She asks him if she can invest £1000 for his friend to do the same for her, and she is satisfied when she sees him going into a building and meeting somebody. Danny speaks to Glenda on the telephone and tells her to pack a bag. Later, Roxy overhears him on the phone saying he can get a bigger return if he invested more money, so she offers to go halves with him. Danny thinks Ronnie may have figured out his plan when she asks to invest as well, and says he was too late and the deal is off. Glenda arrives in a taxi and Danny tells her he thinks Ronnie is on to him, to which Glenda says they cannot leave empty handed and Ronnie cannot stop them. Glenda urges Danny to find out if Ronnie knows. Ronnie denies overhearing Danny's telephone conversation with Glenda, though Danny tells Glenda that Ronnie is playing games with him. Danny gives Glenda a plane ticket to the United States and says he'll meet her at the airport. Ronnie tells Danny she has worked it out—that Danny is seeing someone. Danny agrees and says it is a married woman, and then calls Glenda to say Ronnie knows about their scheme and Glenda should go to the States on her own. However, she simply tears up the ticket. Danny convinces Roxy to open a joint-signature account so he can help control her money. Glenda returns reveal the plan to Ronnie, after which Roxy catches him putting her cash in a bag. He blames Glenda and Roxy believes him. Roxy attempts to evict her mother but she reveals bruises on her arm and says that Danny has been hitting her. Danny says he is entitled to a share of Archie's money, so Glenda reveals to her daughters that Danny knows Archie was not his father. Danny denies this but Glenda insists it is true, saying that Danny has lied about his middle name being Archie. Ronnie asks to see his driver's license for proof but he says he does not know where it is. Eventually Roxy tells Danny to leave, as she believes her mother over her brother. As Danny leaves, Glenda offers him a key to her flat, revealing her eviction was a lie. In 2011, when Glenda leaves Walford, she moves back into her flat with Danny.

Paragraph 6: This is a list of mayors of the Council of the Municipality of Strathfield, a local government area in the Inner West region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. First incorporated on 2 June 1885 as the "Municipal District of Strathfield" the first council was convened and elected on 19 August 1885, which later changed to the "Municipality of Strathfield" following the passing of the 1906 Local Government Act. The council became known as "Strathfield Council" on 1 July 1993 following the enactment of a new Local Government Act, which also stipulated a change of title from "Alderman" to "Councillor". Since 1971, the Mayor is elected bi-annually by the Councillors each September. The current mayor is Cr Karen Pensabene(Australian Labor Party), elected on the 2 March 2023.

Paragraph 7: China is one of Israel's closest economic allies in East Asia where both countries have placed considerable importance on maintaining a strategic and supportive economic relationship. The economic synergy has served the two respective countries greatly where Israel's global technological prowess combined with China's global economic influence, industrial manufacturing capabilities, and marketing expertise made cooperation between the two nations inevitable. China including Hong Kong is Israel's second top export destination after the United States and has been the top market for Israeli exports in East Asia. China is also Israel's third largest trading partner and export market after the United States and the European Union with China being Israel's largest export market in East Asia. Israel has sought China's enormous global influence on world affairs, large consumer market, broad industrial manufacturing scale, and burgeoning economic dynamism while China has sought Israel as a powerhouse of advanced technological wizardry and a wellspring of entrepreneurial acumen leveraging each other's complementary capabilities and resources. China has sought Israel's technology to increase its international economic competitiveness and risk management. With the advice and experience of Jewish entrepreneurs, innovators, and inventors from the high-technology sectors, China has utilized Israel's indispensable economic and technological contributions to foster its long-term economic development. China has also expressed desire for Israel's advanced technologies, particularly in fields related to agriculture, telecommunications, and defense. The scientific and technological advancements made by Israel had led many Chinese politicians to respect the country's ingenuity and creative inventiveness because they know of the contributions that as Israeli agricultural, drip irrigation, and solar energy technologies are seen as crucial to China's economic development. Throughout Israel's early economic history, many Israeli startup companies were acquired by major U.S. and Western European corporations. Since the 2010s, China and Israel enhanced bilateral economic ties with China connecting both Chinese and Israeli businessmen and investors to invest in each other's economies respectively. Chinese economic cooperation with Israel has saw substantial Chinese investment of more than US$15 billion in the Israeli economy, spawning seed capital in Israeli startup companies, as well as the acquisition of Israeli companies by major Chinese corporations that incorporate Israel's know how to help the invigorate the development of the modern Chinese economy more efficiently. China now ranks second after the United States in collaboration with Israeli high-tech firms that are backed by Israel's Office of the Chief Scientist. Major Chinese firms such as Fosun, ChemChina, Brightfood, Horizons Ventures and China Everbright have invested significant amounts of financial capital and resources across numerous Israeli industries. Chinese businessmen and major Chinese corporations hold Israel's business, economic and entrepreneurial acumen and technological expertise with high esteem and have sought to integrate Israel's know-how with China's marketing proficiency, industrial manufacturing capacity and aptitude for large consumer market scaling. Since the mid-2010s, China has increasingly becoming a pillar source of financial funding of Israel's high-tech ecosystem with the influx of Chinese investments in Israeli companies and technologies since the mid-2010s has mutually contributed both the Chinese and Israeli economies. In December 2017, The Jerusalem Post projects that China will soon overtake the United States as Israel's largest investor and leading source of foreign direct investment. Israel has recognized China's potential as a strategic economic partner partially due to China's reputation as a fast growing economy that is projected to the largest economy in the world, making it a colossal opportunity for Israeli companies to do business in the Chinese market and create an array of business interests. Several factors that contributed to the surge of Chinese investment in Israel including a surplus of money among Chinese conglomerate companies and wealthy individuals, a preconceived and favorable notion of Jews as being extremely smart and are blessed with great intelligence, and the warm welcoming reciprocation of China by Israel itself. In addition, China sees Israel as an astute technology exporter and has sought the Israeli technological development that China lacks, fueling the successful cooperation between the two countries.

Paragraph 8: The Widow reveals the disguise and tells an overjoyed Marie to tell Andre to come at 6:00. Suddenly, O'Shaughnessy comes in panicking. The King of France and other royals have come to view the remains. Chicago, for once is out of ideas, and Dutchy invites the royals in to view the body. The coffin is opened and they are all repulsed by the terrible smell (Dutchy filled the coffin with limburger cheese in case someone wanted to look). As they leave, the friends celebrate as Lefoux comes back and questions Chicago. He sees through the disguise and tells "Lefoux" that he is in love with Cecile. The two embrace and go off into another room where Chicago explains everything. Just before Andre arrives, the Widow takes Dutchy and O'Shaughnessy into another room and tells them the Widow's plan. Alone, Andre reveals he lied to Marie and only wants to marry the widow for her money. Knowing he is in the room, the trio stage a conversation and actions that make it seem as though the Widow has ceramic body parts and false hair. Andre, disgusted, tears up the contract and runs off as the Widow chases him. Dutchy and O'Shaughnessy are left alone with Charlie who reveals that he is actually Inspector Gaston of the Paris Police. He brings everyone except the Widow and Andre into the room where he exposes Millet's remains as bricks and that Lefoux is actually Cecile (there actually is a real Inspector Lefoux who is on vacation). Leroux reveals that instead of the Widow, he will marry either Bathilde or Caron. Gaston is about to send everyone to prison when Millet comes into the room dressed in his normal clothes. He tells Gaston that he was at the Barbary Coast on a break and came back to find his funeral going on. When Gaston tells him his sister stated he was dead, Millet tells him he has no sister. Everyone is overjoyed at Millet's return and Gaston leaves to find "the Widow". Millet and Marie are reunited and will be wed, along with Leroux and one of the ladies and Cecile and Chicago. Chicago reminds Millet that the entire country thinks he is dead, but Millet assured him that France will not admit she was wrong and that now he is a celebrity. Millet proposes a toast to the groups benefactor: the Widow Daisy Tillou.

Paragraph 9: After finishing 6-4 (4-4) in the pandemic-shortened 2020 season, the Mountaineers were predicted to finish sixth out of ten teams in the 2021 Big 12 preseason poll, a marginal improvement over the prior two years' predicted eighth-place finishes. West Virginia opened its non-conference slate with renewed rivalry games in two of its first three contests, against Maryland and Virginia Tech, respectively. Although the Mountaineers scored three TDs with RB Leddie Brown and another in the air from QB Jarrett Doege leading to a 21–20 lead entering the 4th quarter, WVU was unable to overcome committing four turnovers and lost at Maryland, 24–30. After blanking FCS Long Island 66–0 in the Mountaineers' home opener, West Virginia played former conference rival No. 15 Virginia Tech for only the second time in 16 years and the first time at Mountaineer Field since 2005. In front of a sellout September crowd, WVU raced out to a 27–7 lead in the third quarter behind two TD passes from Jarret Doege and 161 yards and a score from Leddie Brown. However, after VT erased nearly all of its 20-point deficit, the Mountaineers won on the backs of their defense via a time expiring goal-line stand, and won the Black Diamond Trophy for the first time since 2003. It was WVU's first victory over a top-15 team in the Neal Brown era. Having finished nonconference play at 2–1, the Mountaineers opened conference play on the road against perennial favorite and reigning conference champion, Oklahoma. After opening the contest with a 17-play, 75-yard TD drive, and holding the Sooners to just 91 yards of total offense in the first half, West Virginia led No. 4 Oklahoma, 10–7, on the road at halftime. However, the Mountaineers were held to just 62 yards in the second half, and lost on a last-second FG, handing the Mountaineers a ninth-consecutive loss to Oklahoma since 2012. West Virginia then lost its next two conference games against Texas Tech and Baylor to sit at 2-4 (0-3) entering its mid-October bye week, and in serious jeopardy of missing postseason play for the second time in three years. WVU then went on the road against TCU. Despite trailing early after the Horned Frogs returned the opening kickoff 100 yards for a TD, the Mountaineers recovered behind three Leddie Brown rushing TDs, and racked up 487 yards of total offense to win 29-17 and avoid an 0-4 conference start. West Virginia returned home to face No. 22 Iowa State 5-2 (3-1), who had just upset then-undefeated No. 8 Oklahoma State the week before. Despite facing the Big 12's top defense, the Mountaineers earned 492 total yards, Jarret Doege threw for three TDs, and Leddie Brown scored two more TDs on the ground as WVU beat the Cyclones, 38–31, to improve to 4-4 (2-3) on the season. However, the Mountaineers were unable to sustain their late-October success, and dropped back-to-back contests against No. 11 Oklahoma State, and at Kansas State, meaning West Virginia (4-6) (2-5) needed to win their final two games to secure postseason eligibility. West Virginia's next matchup was against Texas, who also found themselves at 4-6 and at risk of missing postseason play for the first time since 2016. In the end, Jarret Doege threw three touchdown passes and Leddie Brown rushed for 158 yards and a score to lead West Virginia to a 31–23 victory over Texas, handing the Longhorns their sixth straight loss and eliminating them from bowl consideration. WVU secured bowl eligibility a week later when Jarret Doege threw for 170 yards and three touchdowns, Leddie Brown ran for 156 yards and another score, and the Mountaineers held off Kansas on the road, 34–28. This left the Mountaineers at 6-6 (4-5), securing WVU's second consecutive fifth-place finish. West Virginia was then invited to the Guaranteed Rate Bowl, marking their first appearance in the contest since 2016. It was West Virginia's first-ever matchup against Minnesota (8-4). The Golden Gophers dominated the contest on defense, holding the Mountaineers to just 206 total yards and one TD. West Virginia played without leading rusher Leddie Brown, who opted to skip the bowl game to prepare for the NFL. Jarret Doege threw for 140 yards and one interception in the losing effort, which would mark his final game as a Mountaineer, as he and West Virginia's leading receiver, Winston Wright, announced just days later that they were entering the transfer portal.

Paragraph 10: All four upper secondary schools are bilingual and about one fourth of the tuition is given in English by native speakers. This also means that course materials are both in Swedish and English. The schools have students attending from all over the greater Stockholm region, making admission highly competitive. VRG Odenplan has some of the highest minimum admission requirements in the country. Admission to its natural sciences program with natural sciences orientation is especially competitive; in 2009 all students had perfect grades, and since 2016 all students has had a score of at least 330.0 (with a national average of 228.7; out of maximum possible 340.0) translated from their grades from Swedish primary school, due to high application rates.

Paragraph 11: The vessel struck a reef off Bass Point, Shellharbour, late on Wednesday night, and was badly holed. As she appeared likely to founder quickly, she was abandoned, and the crew of 11 rowed to Kiama, five miles away. Returning to the scene early yesterday morning, they were astonished to find that the Incoming tide had refloated the vessel, which was rapidly drifting out to sea. The crew, in the ship's dinghy, reached Kiama at 2 o'clock yesterday morning, and Captain James Reid, the master, reported the matter to the police. The men rested until shortly before daybreak, and then set out in a launch owned by Mr. C. Stead to retrieve their personal belongings. As they drew near the spot where the Koraaga had gone ashore they found she had disappeared, and it was feared that she had already foundered. Within a few minutes, however, the vessel was seen about a mile and a half offshore, drifting southward under the influence of a strong current and a stiff north-easterly breeze. Her trawling flags were still flying, and she gave the appearance of being under control. So much so that, several hours later, two Interstate steamers passed without noticing anything amiss. By noon the trawler, now low in the water, was several miles out to sea. Members of the crew overtook the Koraaga early in the morning and went on board. They found that the engine room was flooded, and the vessel was being kept afloat by watertight compartments. There were then two possibilities, either that she would founder when the weight of water broke down the bulkheads, or that she would go ashore on Gerringong Beach. Word was sent to Sydney, and Cam and Sons, the owners, dispatched the trawler Charlie Cam, equipped with towing gear, to the scene. It was hoped to reach her before she went ashore or sank, and that she would have sufficient buoyancy to enable her to be towed to Sydney. She disappeared, however, before the Charlie Cam had reached the scene, and the salvage trawler was recalled. Worn out by his all day vigil beside the sinking vessel, Captain Reid returned to Kiama at 4 o'clock. He reported that the trawler had heeled over and foundered an hour before, about five miles east of Black Head, Gerringong, 9 miles from Kiama. Captain Reid was on board until just before the foundering. He said that the Koraaga sank in two minutes. The trawling flags and signals were still flying when she disappeared.

Paragraph 12: With a variety of writers and producers and its new musical direction for Carey, the album was always likely to be a commercial success. Carey and Combs wrote the lead single, "Honey." Combs believed this to be a good song but was uncertain how successful it would be as a release owing to its heavy hip hop influence. The remix for "Honey" featured rapping lead vocals from Da Brat, The LOX and Mase, and some verses were rapped by Combs himself. The track was very different from Carey's previous recordings, and was described by author Chris Nickson as "street Hip-Hop music, with a booming bass." The song's melody was driven by Q-Tip's drum programming and Stevie J's keyboard notes. Combs's production gave the song a "light and airy" effect, further distancing it from Carey's contemporary sound. "Honey" featured musical samples from Treacherous Three's "The Body Rock", and "Hey DJ" by The World's Famous Supreme Team. The track used both hip hop and R&B with traces of pop music and was described as a "[song with a] catchy chorus, combining hip hop and pop into something that simply wasn't going to be denied by anyone, and offering a powerful start to a record."

Paragraph 13: Velan  is an innocent villager whose livelihood is rearing cattle and looks God in them. Nagalingham municipal chairman is crooked and cruel, performs many atrocities in the town also involved in anti-social and illegal activities. He has an arrogant daughter Kamala and a good-nurtured son Sundharam. Sundaram always teases and revolts against his father for his evil deeds. Once Velan's cows obstruct Kamala's way, she beats the cattle when Velan becomes furious and beats her in turn but becomes frightened when he learns that Kamala is chairman's daughter. Nagalingham sends his men to kill Velan but Sundharam rescues him and changes his attire as a college student. Meanwhile, Advocate Sattanathan an honest person who always supports the justice, backs the piety and gives a tough fight to Nagalingham. He leads a happy family life with his ideal wife Annapurna and a daughter Radha. Sathiyanadhan fixes his daughter marriage with his childhood friend Sripathi's son Raghu who resembles Velan. On the advice of Sundaram Velan reaches Sattanathan's house, they mistake him as Raghu and highly honors him. Here Velan and Radha fall in love with Radha. Eventually, Raghu arrives to apprentice Sathiyanadhan, he was caught by goons of Nagalingham they take him to Nagalingham's house and beats him. However, Raghu escapes, enters Sattanathan's house where he is surprised to see Velan, explains Raghu about his problem and he understands the fact. Knowing that Velan is in love with Radha he stops and asks him to stay along with him. Now they play a confuse drama without revealing their identity. Meanwhile, Raghu meets Kamala, she again teases him mistaking him as Velan but afterward feels sorry when both of them fall in love. On the other hand, Sundharam loves their maidservant Kaveri. Unfortunately, once Radha witnesses Raghu and Kamala, misunderstands Velan when Raghu turn up affirms the entire story. Hearing it, Sattanathan throws Velan out and decides to make Radha's marriage with Raghu. But Raghu refuses it and says he is going to marry Kamala. Then Narasimha declares Nagalingham as his father's murderer who projected it as a suicide. Listening to it Raghu breakdowns and he also learns that his father gathered pieces of evidence against Nagalingham in a dairy and secured it in a secret place. In that anger, Raghu burst out on Nagalingham, knowing that Raghu is Sripati's son he captivates him and blackmails Sattanathan for the dairy. Immediately, Sattanathan rushes to Nagalingham's house when Nagalingham is about to kill Sattanathan, Velan comes to his protection where he plays a drama as if he has murdered Sathiyanadhan. At this moment, everyone understands Velan's virtue, simultaneously, Raghu is shifted to Nagalingham's den. Ultimately, Velan breaks out dairy's secret, finds the route map to Nagalingham's den, sees the end of him and protects Raghu. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriages of Velan and Radha, Raghu and Kamala, and Sundharam and Kaveri.

Paragraph 14: However, in the same period, inflation rose steadily to 7.3% as average weekly earnings rose to over 10% per annum. Australia's inflation post World War II averaged around 2%. Therefore, this increase in inflation was very significant at the time. Fiscal policy was expansionary with concerns over the slow rise of unemployment. The Whitlam Labor government announced tax cuts, along with spending on education, health, urban development and the environment. Additionally, Whitlam's government supported pay rises, improvements in working conditions and gender equality in income. This led to an increase in minimum wage for women from 75% to 100% of the corresponding male wage.

Paragraph 15: Following a double brutal encounter with unruly players from Brunswick Zebras away in the second last round for both the seniors and more particularly the reserves, the two teams would end their tough seasons with smiles in the last round against La Trobe University at Hays Paddock. The reserves match saw the Climate of Melbourne at its finest with the culturally popular term "four seasons in one day" physically becoming reality before and during the game. Whilst both teams were warming up the sun was shining, but eventuated to heavy rain by kick off. By half time the sun was shining again but became overcast and windy by full-time. Whilst the weather was constantly changing, the end-to-end attacking game saw the score be level 3–3 at half time. La Trobe had taken the lead within ninety seconds after kick off but within another six minutes, Old Xaverians would draw level from a corner. La Trobe would take the lead another two times in the first half, only for Old Xaverians to equalize both times almost immediately. The start of the second half saw the same attacking tempo from both teams, with the home team breaking the deadlock first ten minutes after the restart making the scores 4–3. Like in the first half, it would be La Trobe who would equalize almost immediately with an unmarked long shot from outside the eighteen yard box leveling the scores at 4–4. For the next twenty-five minutes, there were extremely close chances at both ends with the respective goal keepers making tremendous saves, including a top right hand corner save from a La Trobe free kick on the edge of the Old Xaverians eighteen yard box. Following two substitutions from Old Xaverians and one from La Trobe towards the last ten minutes, the home side scored the mathematically winning goal that would also be the striker's one hundredth goal in his time with club. The same striker would score in the last minute to end the game 6–4 bringing his career total to 101 goals on what would also be his last game for the club. Another reserve player and two more senior players would declare the round as their last games for the club until further notice. The seniors would also take part in a heavily attacking end-to-end contest and would win 2–1 to end the weekend with maximum points for the men's department.

Paragraph 16: After an impressive FIFA Confederations Cup campaign with Cameroon, Chelsea paid Real Madrid £6.9 million for him in July 2003, and he went on to have an excellent first season at Stamford Bridge. Although towards the end of his career at Chelsea, under José Mourinho he was played less regularly and when he was played he was put in his unpreferred position of right-back. Geremi, however, was held in high regard by Mourinho. During an interview, he said about Geremi, "In my team I love to have Geremi on the bench because he's a low-profile player who is ready to help, ready to fight for the team, ready to do the job I want him to do. If I need him to play right-back, he can play right-back. If I need him to play right-winger, he can play right-winger. If I need him to pick up a man and mark him out of the game, he does it." In his final year at Chelsea, Geremi scored the winning goal in a home match against West Ham United, a long-range free-kick. This turned out to be his last goal in a Chelsea shirt. His final appearance for Chelsea came against Liverpool in the Champions League semi-final second leg, which went to penalties. Geremi came on as an extra-time substitute and went on to have his penalty saved by Liverpool goalkeeper Pepe Reina, and Chelsea ultimately lost.

Paragraph 17: "He therein bequeaths his soul to the Holy Trinity, and all the holy company of saints, and his body to be buried in such place, where he shall depart this miserable life, in such manner as shall please Margery his wife, whom he makes his sole executrix. He bequeaths to Jackit Rolle, Besse Rolle, and Mary Rolle, his daughters, 600 marks each, to be received and paid by his trusty servants and friends, John Wychalf, Geffery Tuthyll, Richard Staveley, and John Thore, or any two of them, out of all his manors, lands, etc. in the counties of Devon, Somerset and Cornwall, accounting to his wife once in the year whilst she lives, within one month after the feast of St. Michael. He grants and bequeaths to George, his son, the wardship and marriage of Margaret Marrys, daughter and sole heir to Edmund Marrys, of the parish of St Mary Wyke in the county of Cornwall, in as ample manner as he had of the gift and grant of the said Edmund Marrys, paying yearly to the said Edmund £ ? during his life. The residue of his goods, etc., he bequeaths to Margery his wife, his sole executrix. He bequeaths to his daughter, (?)Mary Rolle, two tenements in Wandsworth, with the appurtenances; and if she die unmarried, then to his daughter, Elizabeth Rolle, and her heirs. He also bequeathed to his daughter Mary, a basin and ewer, engraved with her mother's arms; and if she died unmarried, then to his daughter, Elizabeth Rolle. And whereas his late brother-in-law, Sir John Pakington, by the name of John Pakington, of Hampton-Lovet in the county of Worcester, Esq. by writing obligatory, dated February 15th, in 28 Hen. VIII. became bounden to him, the said George Rolle, and to Harry Dacres, merchant of London, and others, now deceased, on condition that the said Sir John Pakington, cause to be made 'to Edmund Knightley, serjeant at law, the said George Rolle, and others, a sufficient estate of, and in manors, lands, &c. in the shires of Worcester, Hereford, Stafford, Salop, and Middlesex, or any of them, to the clear yearly value of 120/. over and above all charges, &c. whereof the manor of Chadsley Corbet, with the appurtenances, in Worcestershire, should be parcel; to hold to the said John Pakington, and Anne, for term of the life of the said Anne, and to the heir male of the body of the said Sir John Pakington. His will is, that William Sheldon, of the county of Worcester, Esq. and John Prydyaux, Gent, shall be his executors for the said writing, and be governed in all and every suit, for the recovery of the debt contained in the said obligation, by his dear and well-beloved sister-in law, dame Anne Pakington, widow, for whose security the said obligation was made".

Paragraph 18: Kanaan began to compete in the PPG/Firestone Indy Lights Championship Powered By Buick (now Indy Lights presented by Cooper Tires) in 1996 for Tasman Motorsports in the No. 37 Marlboro Lola T96/20-Buick V6. At the season-opening race at Homestead Motorsports Complex Kanaan started 9th and finished 10th. At the second race of the season on the Streets of Long Beach, Kanaan would start 3rd and finish 2nd. Kanaan moved from 10th to 3rd in points following the race. Kanaan's results in the next three races were 12th, 17th, and 7th at Nazareth Speedway, Michigan International Speedway and the Milwaukee Mile. In those races, Kanaan started 14th, 4th, and 11th. At Michigan Kanaan led for 8 laps before retiring due to a mechanical problem. At the race at Belle Isle State Park Kanaan started 5th and won his first race after leading for a race-high 29 of 36 laps. At the next race at Portland International Raceway Kanaan qualified on the pole position and finished 5th after leading for 3 laps. Kanaan would get a pair of 2nd-place finishes at the races at Circuit Trois-Rivières and Concord Pacific Place. In the latter, Kanaan led for a race-high 22 of 44 laps. At the next and season-ending race at Laguna Seca Raceway Kanaan qualified on the pole position and led for all 34 laps to get his second victory of the season. Kanaan would finish 2nd in points with 113 points.

Paragraph 19: Environmental historians have been criticized for what is called “recentism,” that is examining twentieth-century environmental issues.  Works by archeologists and historians focusing on the colonial era in Latin America (1492-1825), which were not called “environmental history” at the time, are a rejoinder to that criticism. Human activity shaped the environment of Latin America long before the arrival of Europeans in the late 1400s.  In central Mexico and the highland Andes, settled indigenous civilizations were created because indigenous groups could produce agricultural surpluses of native carbohydrates, maize and potatoes. These surpluses allowed for social differentiation and hierarchy, large settlements with monumental architecture, and political states that could demand labor and tribute from growing populations.  There was significant altering of the natural landscape in order to create more arable and productive land.  Agriculture in Mesoamerica (the region of central and southern Mexico and Central America), was characterized by intensive agricultural methods to boost their food production and give them a competitive advantage over less skillful peoples. These intensive agricultural methods included canals, terracing, raised fields, ridged fields, chinampas, the use of human feces as fertilizer, seasonal swamps or bajos, using muck from the bajos to create fertile fields, dikes, dams, irrigation, water reservoirs, several types of water storage systems, hydraulic systems, swamp reclamation, swidden systems, and other agricultural techniques that have not yet been fully understood. Maize was the center of the indigenous diet.  Environmental factors are now considered crucial in the “collapse” when monumental architecture ceased to be erected in the southern Maya region. Deforestation was caused by human activity. Drought might have been a factor arising from the deforestation. By the time Spaniards began exploring Central America in the early sixteenth century, there were 600 years of jungle growth and only ruins of the monumental structures, but the human populations persisted in smaller numbers and scattered settlements, practicing subsistence agriculture.  These decreased Maya populations proved more resistant to European conquest and consolidation than the their conquest of the Aztec Empire. The Maya people did not disappear, but adapted often more sustainably to nature. In the Andes, terracing of steep hillsides brought land into cultivation, with potatoes being the main source of carbohydrates.   Llamas and alpacas were domesticated. While llamas could carry burdens of up to 50 kilos, they were not harnessed for agricultural work. Both were sources of dietary protein.  In areas not suitable to sedentary agriculture, there were usually small bands of people, often extended kin groups, who pursued hunting and gathering on a gendered basis.  There were no domesticated large animals suitable for domestication that could be used as beasts of burden or transportation.  When the Spaniards introduced horses in desert and semiarid regions, they were acquired by many indigenous groups, transforming their ways of life.

Paragraph 20: Despite a fragile ecosystem, there is an abundance of birdlife.  The region is a haven for migratory and resident birds of the desert. Many eagles, harriers, falcons, buzzards, kestrel and vultures are spotted here. Short-toed eagles, tawny eagles, spotted eagles, laggar falcons and kestrels are the most common among these. Sand grouse are spotted near small ponds or lakes. The endangered great Indian bustard is a magnificent bird found in relatively fair numbers. It migrates locally in different seasons. The most suitable time to visit the area is between November and January. The Desert National Park has a collection of fossils of animals and plants which are 180 million years old. Some fossils of dinosaurs which are 60 million years old have been found in the area.

Paragraph 21: Fauré, G.  (Vol 1)  (vol 2)  (Vox) Complete piano works: (6 CDs), vol I;CD1: Theme and Variations, Op.73   Barcarolle No. 1, Op. 26   Barcarolle No. 2, Op. 41  Barcarolle No. 3, Op.42   Barcarolle No. 4, Op.44   Barcarolle No. 5, Op. 66   Barcarolle No. 6, Op. 70  CD 2: Barcarolle No.7, Op. 90   Barcarolle No.8, Op.96   Barcarolle No.9, Op.101   Barcarolle No. 10, Op. 104, no. 2   Barcarolle No. 11, Op. 105   Barcarolle No. 12, Op. 106  Barcarolle No. 13, Op. 116   Valse-Caprice No.1, in A major, Op. 30   CD 3: Valses-Caprices (cont.):   No. 2, Op. 38   No. 3, Op. 59   No. 4, Op. 62  Pièces Brèves, Op. 84:   Capriccio in E♭ major   Fantaisie in A♭ major   Fugue in A minor    Adagietto in E minor   Improvisation in C# minor   Fugue in E minor   Allègresse in C major   Nocturne No.8, in D major   vol II, CD 1: Preludes, Op.103:   No. 1, in D♭ major  No. 2, in C# minor   No. 3, in G minor  No. 4, in F major    No. 5, in D minor  No. 6, in E♭ minor   No. 7, in A major   No. 8, in C minor  No. 9, in E minor  Impromptus:  No. 1, in E♭ major   No. 2, in F minor  No. 3, in A♭ major  No. 4, in D♭ major   No. 5, in F# minor   CD 2: Nocturnes:  No. 1, in E♭ minor, Op. 25  No. 2, in B major, Op. 33 No. 2  No. 3, in A♭ major, Op. 33 No. 3  No. 4, in E♭ major, Op. 36  No. 5, in B♭ major, Op. 37  No. 6, in D♭ major, Op. 63  No. 7, in C# minor, Op. 74  No. 8: see Vol 1, CD 3, track 2 CD 3: Nocturnes: (continued)    No. 9, in B minor, Op. 97  No. 10, in E minor, Op. 99  No. 11, in F# minor, Op. 104 no. 1  No. 12, in E minor, Op. 107  No, 13, in B minor, Op. 119 Romances sans Paroles Op. 17:  No. 1, in A♭ major  No. 2, in A minor  No. 3 in A minor  Marzurka Op. 32 

Paragraph 22: The roof of the Tamreswari temple was originally sheeted with copper as mentioned in the Changrung Phukan Buranji (1711 AD), from which the name is derived. In 1848, when Dalton visited the site, he found a stone structure, but the copper roof was already removed. As per T. Block who visited the site in 1905, this square structure in the corner cannot have been the main building inside the complex and the brick wall evidently enclosed some sort of a grand temple in the center which has disappeared with time. According to S.F. Hannay, the temple complex was as near as possible square with the doorway to the west. There was a substantial brick wall, about 4.5 feet thick rising to the height of 8 feet, on the foundation of rudely cut blocks of sandstone. The entrance of the complex was on the west face, where there had been a stone enclosure and door. The ruins of the gateway which remains include the lintel carved on the edge in a chain of lotus flowers, some ornamented small pillars and an elephant statue. The three blocks forming the doorway, each of 7.5 feet long and 2 feet by 18 inches in girth, along with the blocks of the projecting wall, were reddish porphyritic granite of an adamantine hardness. There was another stone gateway at the southeast corner leading to the stream, in the bed of which are several carved and plain blocks of granite and sandstone. According to Debala Mitra(1956), the temple was originally Chaturayatana, i.e. having four shrines, built of sandstone and granite and located in the south-east section of the rectangular brick enclosure, prakara roughly measuring 208 ft by 130 ft. The compound wall was 4 feet wide and 8 feet tall and had a stone gateway on the eastern side.  In the floods of 1959, due to deposit of silt in the banks of Paya river the structure was completely submerged in the waters.

Paragraph 23: The title of the album is a reference to Marillion's then-new approach in using the Internet to communicate with their fans and in particular to ensure the financing of projects that would later become known as "crowdfunding". In 1997, fans had funded a North American tour, which the Red Ant label had been unable to support, by means of an Internet campaign, and the next album, Anoraknophobia, would be completely financed by pre-orders, making the band independent from record company support, except for distribution. The line "Thank God for the Internet" from the track "Interior Lulu" (although used ironically in the original context) can also be read as an allusion to Marillion's internet activities, and was in fact used as a slogan later. 

Paragraph 24: In 1685, just before the Hudson Bay expedition (1686) the French built Fort des Français at the future site of Henley House. In 1743 Joseph Isbister, the head of Fort Albany at the mouth of the Albany decided to reverse long-standing policy and build an inland post upriver. This was an isolated event since the HBC directors did not support inland forts until 1775. It was intended not as a full trading post but as a sort of 'pit stop' to help the Indians continue down the river and to discourage them from trading with the coureurs des bois. The first Henley House was built on the north bank of the Albany opposite the mouth of the Kenogami River. It is typical of the HBC at this time that the men had difficulty running the boats upriver since they had no woodland skills. In 1754, local Cree attacked the post in retribution for the sexual misconduct of its manager William Lamb, killing four men. Indigenous women were being unwillingly held at the post and it is rumoured that the French may have encouraged the attack. Isbister captured and hung three of the murderers. For this action he was dismissed from the HBC service. The burnt fort was quickly rebuilt on the same site. In 1759, at the height of the Seven Years' War, it was attacked again by a group of Indians and French-Canadians. They waited until most of the men were away at Fort Albany. One man was killed and the three survivors held out in the fort until nightfall when they slipped out, went downriver and met the men returning from Fort Albany and the whole group returned to Fort Albany. In 1768 a second Henley House was built on an island 8 miles downstream from the first. From 1775 the HBC started copying the French policy of trading in the interior. Henley House became a proper trading post and returned 2,000 made beaver in one year, about a tenth of the James Bay production. In 1777 Gloucester House was built  further upstream and Henley House was used as a base for westward exploration by Philip Turnor and others. In 1782 the post burned down but was quickly rebuilt. The post continued until around 1850, but by 1880 no vestiges of it remained. Today the two sites are covered with forest. From 1884 to 1941 there was an HBC post called English River Post  up the Kenogami at Mammamattawa, Ontario.

Paragraph 25: US intelligence predicted in August 2005 that Iran could have the key ingredients for a nuclear weapon by 2015. On 25 October 2007, the United States declared the Revolutionary Guards a "proliferator of weapons of mass destruction", and the Quds Force a "supporter of terrorism". Iran responded that "it is incongruent for a country [US] who itself is a producer of weapons of mass destruction to take such a decision." Mohamed ElBaradei, director of the IAEA at the time, said he had no evidence Iran was building nuclear weapons and accused US leaders of adding "fuel to the fire" with their rhetoric. Speaking in Washington in November 2007, days before the IAEA was to publish its latest report, Israeli Deputy Prime Minister Shaul Mofaz called for ElBaradei to be sacked, saying: "The policies followed by ElBaradei endanger world peace. His irresponsible attitude of sticking his head in the sand over Iran's nuclear programme should lead to his impeachment." Israel and some western governments fear Iran is using its nuclear programme as a covert means to develop weapons, while Iran says it is aimed solely at producing electricity. For its part in the conflict-ridden Middle East, Israel is a member of the IAEA, but it is not itself a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, and is widely believed to currently be the only nuclear-armed state in the region.

Paragraph 26: A Baraita taught that one day, Rabbi Eliezer employed every imaginable argument for the proposition that a particular type of oven was not susceptible to ritual impurity, but the Sages did not accept his arguments. Then Rabbi Eliezer told the Sages, "If the law agrees with me, then let this carob tree prove it," and the carob tree moved 100 cubits (and others say 400 cubits) out of its place. But the Sages said that no proof can be brought from a carob tree. Then Rabbi Eliezer told the Sages, "If the halachah agrees with me, let this stream of water prove it," and the stream of water flowed backwards. But the Sages said that no proof can be brought from a stream of water. Then Rabbi Eliezer told the Sages, "If the halachah agrees with me, let the walls of this house of study prove it," and the walls leaned over as if to fall. But Rabbi Joshua rebuked the walls, telling them not to interfere with scholars engaged in a halachic dispute. In honor of Rabbi Joshua, the walls did not fall, but in honor of Rabbi Eliezer, the walls did not stand upright, either. Then Rabbi Eliezer told the Sages, "If the halachah agrees with me, let Heaven prove it," and a Heavenly Voice cried out: "Why do you dispute with Rabbi Eliezer, for in all matters the halachah agrees with him!" But Rabbi Joshua rose and exclaimed in the words of  "It is not in heaven." Rabbi Jeremiah explained that God had given the Torah at Mount Sinai; Jews pay no attention to Heavenly Voices, for God wrote in  "After the majority must one incline." Later, Rabbi Nathan met Elijah and asked him what God did when Rabbi Joshua rose in opposition to the Heavenly Voice. Elijah replied that God laughed with joy, saying, "My children have defeated Me, My children have defeated Me!"

Paragraph 27: Ashoknagar is situated at the average elevation of 507 metres(1640 ft) above sea level. It is in the plateau region. It has an agricultural topography. The plateau is an extension of the Deccan Traps, formed between 60 and 68 million years ago at the end of the Cretaceous period. In this region, the main classes of soil are black, brown and bhatori (stony) soil. The volcanic, clay-like soil of the region owes its black colour to the high iron content of the basalt from which it is formed. The soil requires less irrigation because of its high capacity for moisture retention. The other two soil types are lighter and have a higher proportion of sand. The year is popularly divided into three seasons: summer, the rains, and winter. Summer extends over the months of Chaitra to Jyestha (mid-March to mid-May). The average daily temperature during the summer months is 35 °C, which typically rises to around 46 °C on a few days. The rainy season starts with the first showers of Aashaadha (mid-June) and extends to the middle of Ashvin (September). Most of the rain falls during the southwest monsoon spell, and ranges from about 100 cm in the west to about 165 cm in the east. Ashoknagar and surrounding areas receive an average of 140 cm of rainfall a year. The growing period lasts from 90 to 150 days, during which the average daily temperature is below 30 °C, but seldom falls below 20 °C. Winter is the longest of the three seasons, extending for about five months (mid-Ashvin to Phalgun, i.e., October to mid-March). The average daily temperature ranges from 15 °C to 20 °C, though on some nights it can fall as low as 5 °C. Some cultivators believe that an occasional winter shower during the months of Pausha and Maagha—known as Mawta—is helpful to the early summer wheat and germ crops.

Paragraph 28: GamePro said of the Xbox 360 version that "Lost Planet 2 features an enjoyable multiplayer component and interesting monster designs, but it isn't enough to overcome its many faults. Gamers who enjoyed playing the original title online will find reasons to play it, but it's a disappointing title that doesn't live up to its potential". GameSpot took a similar view on the frustrations of the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions, stating: "This sci-fi sequel seems like it should have everything you need in a shooter, but a shocking number of design missteps suck out much of the fun". They later released a second review for the PC release. The review explains the differences and tweaks made to make the game more tolerable and much more graphically advanced than the console installment. IGN said of the PC version: "If you've burned through other multiplayer or co-op options, then there might be something for you in Lost Planet 2. The single-player campaign is lengthy at around 14 hours with full co-op support and the multiplayer has plenty of maps and modes. Just do yourself a favor: buy some insurance for the controller you'll invariably throw across the room at one of Lost Planet 2'''s seemingly endless design and interface issues". In Japan, Famitsu gave the PS3 and Xbox 360 versions each a score of two eights, one nine, and one eight for a total of 33 out of 40.The Daily Telegraph gave the Xbox 360 version a score of eight out of ten and said, "following on from co-op leviathans like Left 4 Dead and Gears of War, Lost Planet 2 is certainly standing on the shoulders of giants. It's not quite pumping lead into their glowing orange weak spots, but it's not far off the mark". The Escapist gave it three out of five and said, "the guns and bugs make for some spectacular fireworks, but, after the sparks settle, you are left wishing you had played something a little more substantial". Edge similarly gave it a score of six out of ten and said, "at its best it's an engaging spectacle, but when it falters Lost Planet 2 is a gamble that doesn't pay off". 411Mania gave the PS3 and Xbox 360 versions a score of 5.5 out of 10 and called it "a disappointing sequel that is inferior to the original. The controls are poor and confusing, the story is not interesting, and the artificial intelligence is far from intelligent. Outside of the beautiful landscape that you will explore, there’s little to enjoy as you battle the Akrid for T-ENG. The only redeeming quality this game has is the multiplayer experience, but there are far better options out there and you’ll quickly grow tired of it too, even with all of the customization available". The A.V. Club'' gave the Xbox 360 version a D− and said it was just "another deposit of digital cholesterol on a constricting artery that's one cheeseburger away from being clogged forever by uninspired third-person shooters".

Paragraph 29: Richie Benaud was a leg-spin bowler who had taken 49 Test wickets (34.41) when he left England in 1956, but grabbed 23 wickets (16.83) India, including his first three 5 wicket innings and his best Test bowling figures of 7/72. His cricket improved in South Africa in 1957–58 where he took 30 wickets (21.93) and another four 5 wicket hauls and made 329 runs (54.83) with two centuries. His attacking cricket impressed Sir Donald Bradman and the Australian selectors and he was the surprise choice as captain when Ian Craig retired due to ill-health. Neil Harvey was vice captain and Australia's best batsman and the "red-hot favourite for the captaincy", but had lost to Peter May by a crushing 345 runs when he led an Australian XI against the tourists and this must have affected their decision. Benaud had been picked as vice-captain to Arthur Morris for the Second Test against England in 1954-55, but Morris sought advice from more senior players and Ian Johnson returned for the next Test. In 1958 Benaud was made captain of New South Wales, but had yet to lead them in a Sheffield Shield match when he was made the national captain, but accepted the challenge with energy. A great believer of the saying "practice makes perfect" he trained himself and the team and honed their athletic advantage over the visitors. In particular he heightened their already formidable fielding skills, which he used to dry up the runs of the England batsmen, and their catching became phenomenal. He also encouraged quick running between the wickets to steal runs and unsettle the England bowlers. In the field his tactical genius proved decisive with cunning bowling changes and inventive fields, though he was happy to take advice from the more experienced Harvey and other players. His reputation reached such heights that a simple field change would torment batsmen who tried to work out what he was doing. In the Fourth Test "he moved short leg round a couple of yards...there was no reason for the move other than to apply psychological pressure. He was a master at upsetting the concentration of batsmen" Always aggressive and willing to take risks he proved to be one of the greatest captains in cricket and won his first five Tests series as captain, the sixth he drew to retain The Ashes. As a player, he grew into the role, becoming the first cricketer to make 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests and his 248 wickets was an Australian record until beaten by Dennis Lillee. When he retired he became a famous broadcaster and journalist and would sometimes jokingly depreciate his captaincy, saying that "the hallmark of a great captain is the ability to win the toss at the right time", but in 1958-59 he lost the toss in the first four Tests and still won three the regain The Ashes.

Paragraph 30: Before the present Junagarh Fort was built, an old stone fort existed in the city. This fort was built in 1478 by Rao Bika who established the city of Bikaner in 1472. Rao Bika was the second son of Maharaja Rao Jodha of the Rathor clan, the founder of Jodhpur city. He conquered the large arid lands to the northern region of Rajasthan to set up his domain. As the second son of Jodha he had no chance of inheriting his father's territory of Jodhpur or to the title of Maharaja. He, therefore, reconciled and decided to build his own kingdom at Bikaner at the place then called "Jungladesh". Bikaner, though a partly of the Thar Desert, was considered an oasis on the trade route between Central Asia and the Gujarat coast since it had adequate spring water sources. Bika's name was thus tagged to the Bikaner city as well as to the then state of Bikaner ("the settlement of Bika") that he established. The history of Bikaner and the fort within it thus start with Bika. It was only about 100 years later that Bikaner's fortunes flourished under Raja Rai Singhji, the sixth ruler of Bikaner, who ruled from 1571 to 1611. During the Mughal Empire’s rule in the country, he accepted the suzerainty of the Mughals and held a high position of an army general in the court of Emperor Akbar and his son Emperor Jahangir. His successful war exploits by way of winning half of Mewar kingdom won him accolades and rewards from the Mughal emperors. He was gifted the jagirs (lands) of Gujarat and Burhanpur. With the large revenue earned from these jagirs, he built the Junagarh fort on a plain land, which has an average elevation of . The formal foundation ceremony for the fort was held on 17 February 1589 and the fort was completed on 17 January 1594. Raja Rai Singhji, was an expert in arts and architecture and the knowledge that he acquired during his several sojourns to several countries are amply reflected in the numerous monuments he built in the Junagarh fort. Thus the fort, a composite structure, became an outstanding example of architecture and a unique centre of art, amidst the Thar desert.