Paragraph 1: Hundreds of years later, Mirela, a witch and queen of Hasel, read these signs and asked the goblins for help. Her daughter and heir, Ylena was vain and ungrateful and Mirela did not want her to become queen when she died. The goblin queen gave Mirela a potion of youth and beauty in exchange for access to the world of man for one night a year. Mirela's eternal youth infuriated Ylena and she stuck a bargain with the goblin queen: advice on how to depose Mirela in exchange for access to human lands for a year. One night Mirela died mysteriously and Ylena became queen. Even though Ylena did not want an heir, she still had a daughter, Ytresse, and suspected goblin treachery because Ytresse's magic was too strong for her. On the last day of the goblins' time on earth, the goblin queen offered Ylena another deal: Ylena would live for as long as the goblins possessed a small lake nearby. Ylena assented and the goblins gained unfettered access to human lands with the lake the goblin queen's center of power. Ylena, trapped by her bargains with the goblins, wanted no more to do with them. But Azdra'ik, a goblin lord and leader of a goblin rebellion against their queen, offered Ylena a secret in exchange for three wishes. The secret was that the goblin queen's power lay in a magic mirror. Azdra'ik got his wishes and Ylena set about constructing her own mirror into which she put every spell she knew. When the goblin queen found out about Ylena's mirror, she sent a goblin army to find and destroy it. Ylena was defeated, her mirror reduced to dust, and Hasel left in ruins. But the price the goblin queen paid for this victory was that her mirror cracked in two and a shard fell off. Azdra'ik stole the shard and gave it to Ytresse. Ytresse did not trust the goblin queen and arranged her own heir, Ylysse without the goblins' interference. Ytresse in turn passed power, and the shard, onto her heir, Ysabel. Ysabel and her twin brother, Karoly were apprenticed to Ytresse's daughter, Urzula.

Paragraph 2: In 2008, several manuscripts indicating the presence of the de Noli family in Cesena by the end of 1400 and not earlier, was found at the Biblioteca Malatestiana in Cesena, Italy. Among the Malatestiana Library manuscripts, two separate documents depicting the coat of arms of the Noli family were also found. In one of these manuscripts, "Famiglia Noli oriunda" was written under the Noli coat of arms. The reference to "oriunda" in this context means "not from Cesena", thus "coming from an outer territory". The first entry of the de Noli in the Cesena manuscripts refers to "Simone de Antonio Noli Biondi", which indicates, according to naming praxis at the time, that Antonio Noli was his father. Later, and with the name Simone de Noli Biondi, he is mentioned in another manuscript as a member of the Cesena Council (Consiglio di Cesena) in 1505. The same position was held in later years by two other de Noli descendants, Antonio Noli of Tregga rotta in 1552 and Antonio de Noli Biondi in 1556. This Antonio de Noli ceased to be a member of the Cesena Council in 1558 and afterwards the family de Noli was reported in a Malatestiana manuscript as "extinct" in Cesena. However, a few years later, descendants of an Antonio de Noli appeared again, living in Northern Genoa (Valleregia, Serra Ricco). The first register of the de Noli in the Family book of Valleregia Parish of the period took place in 1586. The entries show the names of Antonio de Noli, Bartholomew, Simone, Raphael, and others known names used already in the previous generation of navigator Antonio de Noli and his descendants. The descendants of the de Noli family established anew in the hamlet of Noli in Northern Genoa (La frazione di Noli al comune di Serra Ricco). Like most of the de Noli families with Ligurian ancestry, the coat of arms of the family of Antonio de Noli and his descendants carries the red and white colours of the ancient cities of Noli and Genoa.

Paragraph 3: The town has a Hall with public toilets, a post office in one of the front rooms of the Yeelanna Hall, grain silos that were built in the 1960s and a railway line that has been their since around 1908 and transported  grain to Port Lincoln for export until 2018 when all grain transportation on Eyre Peninsula went by Road Train,  fourteen houses, a Uniting Church, a CFS brigade, an Agriculture Bureau that has existed since 1908 that is the Yeelanna/Karkoo Ag Bureau that has their meetings at the Kooplex at Karkoo, a Country  Woman's Association, a museum called Bellewood Museum, and a historic cemetery. The town  has a table tennis club, that plays its home matches in the Yeelanna Hall, and was established in 1939 and were Great Flinders table tennis association Premiers in 2019,back to back premiers in 06/07 and in 2007 were undefeated Premiers. Yeelanna Football club was formed in 1909 and the Netball club in about 1934 and amalgamated with the United(Karkoo and Murdinga area) football and netball clubs in 1964 to form the United Yeelanna Football and Netball clubs.  The amalgamated club kept using the blue and gold Yeelanna colours.  Yeelanna football and netball clubs played at three home ground's being Murdinga, Karkoo and Yeelanna. They stopped playing at Murdinga in 1974 and Yeelanna at the end of the 1994 season. In 2014  United Yeelanna won the football Premierships in the A,B and colts (under 16's) grades, and in the netball won the Premierships in the  A-Reserves, and B-grade and in 2015 and 2016 United Yeelanna's football clubs A grade won Premierships to win three Premierships in a row and United Yeelanna's netball clubs A- Reserves won Premierships in 2015 and 2016 as well to also win three Premierships in a row. Yeelanna cricket club formed in about 1911 and amalgamated with Karkoo in around 2000/01 to become the Karkoo/Yeelanna cricket club. The amalgamated  club used the blue and gold Yeelanna colours and stopped playing at Yeelanna in around 03/04. The Karkoo/Yeelanna cricket club were undefeated premiers in 2016/17 season their first premiership as a merged club. Yeelanna tennis club formed in the early days of the township and had a team until the late 1980s, that then folded and the Yeelanna players joined with neighbouring  club at Karkoo. The Yeelanna colours have been merged in with the Karkoo tennis club, reflecting the area the Karkoo tennis club represents, with many Yeelanna people playing for the Karkoo tennis club, with Karkoo Blue winning back to back premierships in 2013/14 2014/15 seasons and Karkoo were premiers in 2016/17

Paragraph 4: The lifecycle of A. galli is direct in a single host, involving two principal populations, namely the sexually mature parasite in the gastrointestinal tract and the infective stage (L2). The eggs are oval in shape and have thick, albuminous shells that are highly resistant to desiccation and persist for a long time in the environment. Larvae do not hatch, but moult inside the eggs until they reach the L2 stage. This can take about two weeks, but the period depends on other factors such as the weather condition. The lifecycle is completed when the infective eggs are ingested by new hosts through contaminated water or feed. The eggs containing the L2-larvae-passive are mechanically transported to the duodenum,  where they molt and become larvae stage 3 and then larvae stage 4. The infective eggs are ingested by a chicken; when it reaches the proventriculus, it hatches. Temperature, carbon dioxide levels, and pH are thought to be triggering factors that signal the larva to hatch from its egg. The larva then burrows into the mucosal lining of the small intestine, where it undergoes two additional molts. In this phase of their lifecycle, these worms cause the most damage to their hosts. They then re-enter the small intestine and develop into adults, where they live their lives out feeding on gut content and making a vast number of eggs that would then be excreted by a host and free to continue their lifecycle. If the animal is able to mount an immune response to the larvae, i.e. from pre-exposure, the larvae do not develop into adults, but hide in the mucosa of the small intestine. This is common for infection of older birds. Transport hosts such as earthworms are thought to play a role in transmission of A. galli, hence free range birds tend to have a higher risk of infection.

Paragraph 5: In Harris's native United Kingdom, "We Found Love" debuted at the top of the UK Singles Chart, UK Dance Chart and UK Singles Download Chart on October 9, 2011 – for the week ending date October 15, 2011 – with 87,000 copies sold, despite only having been on sale for four days. With "We Found Love" debuting at the top of the UK Singles Chart, Rihanna set a record by becoming the first female solo artist to top the chart six times in five consecutive years, having previously held pole position with "Umbrella", "Take a Bow", "Run This Town", "Only Girl (In the World)" and "What's My Name" between 2007 and 2011. It was also Rihanna's sixth and Harris' third number one in the UK. The song retained its number-one position on all three charts for three consecutive weeks, selling 92,000 copies in its third week. Total sales for "We Found Love" in the United Kingdom stood at 372,268 after just 24 days. In its fifth week, the song fell a place to number two but then in its sixth week, the song returned to number-one for a fourth non-consecutive week and eventually topped the chart for six weeks, resulting in Rihanna overtaking Adele as the artist with the most cumulative weeks at number one in 2011 for a solo female artist, with a total of seven weeks between "We Found Love" and her January release "What's My Name?". In addition, in its sixth week at number one, Rihanna scored her second "chart double" of the year when Talk That Talk and "We Found Love" placed at number one on the albums and singles charts, respectively. This achievement had not been achieved since 1979 and made Rihanna the first female artist in chart history to score two "chart doubles" in the same year, with the singer's previous album Loud and its second single, 'What's My Name?' topping both charts earlier in 2011. By February 2012, the single had racked up 1,006,460 copies in 19 weeks, making it Rihanna's second solo track (third overall) to reach the million sales plateau since October 2011, following "Love the Way You Lie" and "Only Girl (In the World)". In November 2012, it was included on 'The Million Sellers' list by the Official Charts Company, consisting of the best-selling singles in the UK that have sold at least one million copies since 1952. It charted at number 76 out of a total 123, having sold 1.13 million copies. As of February 2016, the song has sold 1.39 million copies in the UK, making it Rihanna's biggest-selling single there. "We Found Love" is the 9th best-selling song of all time by a female artist in Britain.

Paragraph 6: Ganey's departure from Belize was at the instigation of Sir Ronald Garvey KCMG, who had served in the Fiji Islands before coming to Belize and felt that Ganey could do wonders for Fiji with cooperatives and credit unions. He convinced the Jesuit superior to send Ganey to the Pacific islands of Fiji and Samoa, where he spent the rest of his life.  Ganey established the first credit union in Fiji in January 1954 and by July of the same year established the Credit Union Ordinance which later became the Fiji Credit Union Act, impacting also Tonga and Samoa where Ganey extended his work. He organised insurance underwriting for the Pacific credit unions through CUNA Mutual Group and developed the Bergengren Credit Union Training Centre in 1964, at the same time contributing to the formation of the South Pacific Association of Credit Union Leagues. Fiji, at its height, had a total of 39 credit unions with some 8,600 members. In 1961, Fr. Marion Ganey was invited to New Zealand to lead a seminar on the importance of a united credit union movement. Way before mobile banking became popular there was a mobile credit union, operating out the back of a landrover. The visit by Ganey and his executives was usually followed by feasting and celebrations. Ganey died in Fiji in 1984 and was gladly accorded his wish of being buried at the parish there. "Every year we celebrate the day he died like we're celebrating the life of a saint," a villager said. Komave villagers from around the world returned to the village to celebrate the life of Fr. Ganey. "At that time the whole village would come together to celebrate mass and also prepare a feast in his honour." He made Fiji his home and final resting place but only after he gained a place among them as a member of the Mataqali (clan) Waqanitabua.  He visited Belize in 1969 and spoke at the 25th anniversary of the Holy Redeemer Credit Union. And when in 1977 the bishop blessed a US$1,250,000 addition to the Northern Fishermen Cooperative building, Ganey was invited to speak. This was his final trip to Belize. Recounting this occasion, as well as his death seven years later, The Christian Herald wrote: "The tall, lanky figure of Fr. Ganey was everywhere, advising, encouraging, giving of his talents to engineer the success of this economic effort that affected the root people."

Paragraph 7: De Witt calculates the value of an annuity in the following way. Assume that annuities on 10,000 lives each ten years of age, which satisfy the Hm mortality table, have been purchased. Of these nominees 79 will die before attaining the age of 11, and no annuity payment will be made in respect of them; none will die between the ages of 11 and 12, so that annuities will be paid for one year on 9921 lives; 40 attain the age of 12 and die before 13, so that two payments will be made with respect to these lives. Reasoning in this way we see that the annuities on 35 of the nominees will be payable for three years; on 40 for four years, and so on. Proceeding thus to the end of the table, 15 nominees attain the age of 95, 5 of whom die before the age of 96, so that 85 payments will be paid in respect of these 5 lives. Of the survivors all die before attaining the age of 97, so that the annuities on these lives will be payable for 86 years. Having previously calculated a table of the values of annuities certain for every number of years up to 86, the value of all the annuities on the 10,000 nominees will be found by taking 40 times the value of an annuity for 2 years, 35 times the value of an annuity for 3 years, and so on—the last term being the value of 10 annuities for 86 years—and adding them together; and the value of an annuity on one of the nominees will then be found by dividing by 10,000. Before leaving the subject of De Witt, we may mention that we find in the correspondence a distinct suggestion of the law of mortality that bears the name of Demoivre. In De Witt's letter, dated 27 October 1671 (Ass. Mag. vol. iii. p. 107), he speaks of a "provisional hypothesis" suggested by Hudde, that out of 80 young lives (who, from the context, may be taken as of the age 6) about 1 dies annually. In strictness, therefore, the law in question might be more correctly termed Hudde's than Demoivre's.

Paragraph 8: The remaining four Baopuzi formulas are said to create stronger and more versatile elixirs. Fourth, the Jiuguang dan (九光丹, Ninefold Radiance Elixir) is made by processing certain unspecified ingredients with the wushi (五石, Five Minerals, see Cold-Food Powder), i.e., cinnabar, realgar, purified potassium alum, laminar malachite, and magnetite (Needham et al. 1976: 86). Each mineral is put through five alchemical cycles and assumes five hues, so that altogether twenty-five hues result, each with specific powers, for example, the blue elixir will revive a recently deceased person. "If you wish to summon the Traveling Canteen [欲致行廚], smear your left hand with a solution of black elixir; whatever you ask for will be at your beck and call, and everything you mention will arrive without effort. You will be able to summon any thing or any creature in the world." (tr. Ware 1966: 82–83, noting "fragrant foods served in plates of gold and cups of jade"). Fifth, the Baopuzi quotes from Shennong sijing (神農四經, Shennong's Four Classics), "Medicines of the highest type put the human body at ease and protract life so that people ascend and become gods in heaven, soar up and down in the air, and have all the spirits at their service. Their bodies grow feathers and wings, and the Traveling Canteen comes whenever they wish [行廚立至]." (11, tr. Ware 1966: 177). Sixth, the method of Wu Chengzi (務成子) compounds alchemical gold from realgar, yellow sand, and mercury, and then forms it into small pills. Coating the pills with different substances will produce magical effects, for instance, if one is smeared with ram's blood and thrown into a stream, "the fish and the dragons will come out immediately, and it will be easy to catch them." And, "If it is coated with hare's blood and placed in a spot belonging to the Six Yin, the Traveling Canteen and the fairies will appear immediately and place themselves at your disposal [行廚玉女立至], to a total of sixty or seventy individuals." (16, tr. Ware 1966: 276). Seventh, Liu Gen (劉根, or Liu Jun'an 劉君安), who Ware wrongly identifies as the Daoist prince and author Liu An (劉安, Campany 2002: 248), learned the art of metamorphosis from an alchemical text attributed to the Mohist founder Mozi, the Mozi wuxing ji (墨子五行記, Master Mo's Records of the Five Phases), and successfully used its medicines and amulets, "By grasping a pole he becomes a tree. He plants something, and it immediately produces edible melons or fruit. He draws a line on the ground, and it becomes a river; he piles up dirt and it becomes a hill. He sits down and causes the Traveling Canteen to arrive [坐致行廚]." (19, tr. Ware 1966: 316).

Paragraph 9: Joined Curtis at Rolla, Mo., January 1862. Curtis' Campaign in Missouri and Arkansas against Price, January to March 1862. Advance on Springfield, Mo., February 2–11. Pursuit of Price into Arkansas February 14–29. Battles of Pea Ridge, Ark., March 6–8. March to Batesville April 5-May 13, then marched to Helena, Ark., May 25-July 14. Duty at Helena until October. Moved to Sulphur Springs, Mo., October 5–11. Pittman's Ferry, Ark., October 27 (3 companies). Moved to Pilot Knob, Mo., October 28–30. March to Patterson November 2–4, to Reeve's Station December 9–10. Return to Patterson December 18. Moved to Van Buren December 21–24, and toward Doniphan January 9–10, 1863. To Alton January 14–18, and to West Plains and Salem, Ark., January 28-February 2. To Pilot Knob and Ironton February 2–27. Moved to St. Genevieve and to Cape Girardeau March 8–12. Operations against Marmaduke April 17-May 2 (Company G). Mill Creek Bridge April 24 (detachment). Duty in southeast Missouri until June. Richfield, Clay County, May 19 (detachment). Ordered to New Madrid, Mo., June, and duty in District of Columbus, Ky., until January 1864. New Madrid, Mo., August 7, 1863 (1 company). Expedition from Union City, Tenn., to Conyersville September 1–10 (detachment). Conyersville September 10, Ordered to Vicksburg, Miss., January 1864. Meridian Campaign February 3-March 5. Meridian February 14–15. Marion February 15–17. Canton February 28. Red River Campaign March 10-May 22. Fort De Russy March 14. Occupation of Alexandria March 16. Henderson's Hill March 21. Battle of Pleasant Hill April 9. Cloutiersville and Cane River Crossing April 22–24. At Alexandria April 27-May 13. Moore's Plantation May 5–7. Bayou Boeuf May 7. Bayou LaMourie May 12. Retreat to Morganza May 13–20. Mansura May 16. Yellow Bayou May 18–19. Moved to Vicksburg, Miss.; then to Memphis, Tenn., May 22-June 10. Lake Chicot, Ark., June 6–7. Smith's Expedition to Tupelo, Miss., July 5–21. Pontotoc July 11. Camargo's Cross Roads, near Harrisburg, July 13. Tupelo July 14–15. Old Town Creek July 15. Smith's Expedition to Oxford, Miss., August 1–30. Tallahatchie River August 7–9. Abbeville and Oxford August 12. Moved to Duvall's Bluff, Ark.. September 1–6. Pursuit of Price through Arkansas and Missouri September 7 to October 6. Mineral Point, Mo., September 27. ordered to St. Louis, Mo., October 6. A detachment of veterans and recruits at Franklin, Mo., until November. Ordered to Paducah, Ky., November 7; then moved to Nashville, Tenn., and Columbia, Tenn., November 22–26. Temporarily attached to 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, XXIII Corps. Columbia November 26–27. Battle of Franklin November 30. Battles of Nashville, Tenn., December 15–16. Pursuit of Hood to the Tennessee River December 17–28. At Clifton, Tenn., and Eastport, Miss., until February 1865.

Paragraph 10: After their victory in Red Cloud's War and with the signing of the Treaty of Fort Laramie (1868), the Lakota and their Northern Cheyenne allies were allocated a reservation including the Black Hills, in Dakota Territory and a large area of "unceded territory" in what became Montana and Wyoming. Both areas were for the exclusive use of the Indians, and non-Indians (except for US government officials) were forbidden to trespass. In 1874, the discovery of gold in the Black Hills caused the US government to attempt to buy the Black Hills from the Indians. The US ordered all bands of Lakota and Cheyenne to come to the agencies on the reservation by January 31, 1876, to negotiate the sale. A few bands did not comply and when the deadline of January 31 passed the US forced Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, and their followers onto the reservation. The first military expedition against the Indians in March 1876 was a failure, ending in the Battle of Powder River.

Paragraph 11: This is a single storey painted brick building located on the island platform with a hipped and gabled corrugated steel roof with gable ends at each end, on both sides, facing the railway lines. The Platform 2 awning is on cast iron posts with cast iron decorative brackets on timber beams, and decorative stucco wall brackets. The central waiting area faces Platform 2. There are two large openings to a central waiting area, divided by a painted brick post, each opening featuring a timber valance. There are steel security doors to the openings. The building has timber framed window openings, modern timber flush doors with covered over fanlights. There is a doorway and fanlight opening facing Platform 3. There is termite damage to the south window frame. The Platform 3 awning is cantilevered on steel brackets mounted on stucco wall brackets. The building features decorative stucco sills to windows and slightly arched window heads.

Paragraph 12: The Confession of 1967 was written and debated in a denomination that found itself in an era shaped by the social movements of the 1950s and 1960s. The sexual revolution, woman's liberation, the civil rights movement, and the anti-war effort seemed to clash with the traditional values of the institutionalized church. Spirituality was in vogue, and the popularity of Eastern religious practices grew. A vocal minority of young Americans rejected organized religion along with the military, government and capitalism as part of "The Establishment". Many adults retained the religious values of their youth, but a vocal minority of the baby boomers rejected them. The counterculture was a powerful force in American culture and politics from the mid-1960s, when the oldest boomers became old enough to vote and actively influence America's society in many ways.

Paragraph 13: Janda started the 2005/06 season with World Cup wins in Kuusamo, Lillehammer, Harrachov and Engelberg, and entered the Four Hills Tournament leading the World Cup standings. In the opening event in Oberstdorf, Janda finished in third place, with Janne Ahonen in first and Roar Ljøkelsøy in second. After winning the second race of the Tournament in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Janda moved to second place in the standings behind the reigning Tournament champion Ahonen. Norway's Lars Bystøl was the unexpected winner in Innsbruck while Janda finished ahead of Ahonen again to move into a two-point lead before the last competition. Like in all previous rounds, Janda advanced in last place into the competition to having skis that were too long during Oberstdorf qualifying and could not participate in the next three qualifying rounds as a result. The tournament climaxed with a head-to-head knockout duel between Janda and Ahonen. Janda won the first round by one point (tied to Ahonen on meters), then increased his lead to three points before the last jump. Ahonen beat Janda in the last jump by 141.5 meters to 139 meters and won the Bischofshofen competition by two points. The overall standings thus had both jumpers tied for first place, the first ever joint victors in the history of the tournament. Norway's Ljøkelsøy finished third. Janda was the first Czech winner of the Tournament since Jiří Raška in 1971.

Paragraph 14: Toward the end of the Pyromania recording sessions in 1982, Pete Willis was asked to leave the band, and guitarist Phil Collen was recruited into the band to replace him. Clark and Collen quickly bonded, becoming close friends and leading to the trademark dual-guitar sound of Def Leppard. He and Collen became known as the "Terror Twins" in recognition of their close friendship and alcohol-fueled antics offstage. Part of their success as a duo was attributed to their ability to swap between rhythm and lead guitar, with both playing lead or both doing rhythm within the same song. The fact that they came from entirely different musical backgrounds also contributed to their unique guitar partnership. Clark was a classically-trained musician who knew the rules of music and could read and write music and understood the theory and science of the art, as well as studying/being influenced by Jimmy Page and Led Zeppelin; whereas Collen, like Willis, was self-taught and developed his fast, alternate-picking technique from studying Al Di Meola and listening to jazz players. Clark once said, "I do read and write and I know the rules of music which is great in a two-guitar band because we're so different in our approach to playing. Phil will play something if it sounds right, whereas I look at things and say: 'it's wrong to play that note; it's not musically correct'."

Paragraph 15: Prognostics is an engineering discipline focused on predicting the time at which a system or a component will no longer perform its intended function. This lack of performance is most often a failure beyond which the system can no longer be used to meet desired performance. The predicted time then becomes the remaining useful life (RUL), which is an important concept in decision making for contingency mitigation. Prognostics predicts the future performance of a component by assessing the extent of deviation or degradation of a system from its expected normal operating conditions. The science of prognostics is based on the analysis of failure modes, detection of early signs of wear and aging, and fault conditions. An effective prognostics solution is implemented when there is sound knowledge of the failure mechanisms that are likely to cause the degradations leading to eventual failures in the system. It is therefore necessary to have initial information on the possible failures (including the site, mode, cause and mechanism) in a product. Such knowledge is important to identify the system parameters that are to be monitored. Potential uses for prognostics is in condition-based maintenance.  The discipline that links studies of failure mechanisms to system lifecycle management is often referred to as prognostics and health management (PHM), sometimes also system health management (SHM) or—in transportation applications—vehicle health management (VHM) or engine health management (EHM).  Technical approaches to building models in prognostics can be categorized broadly into data-driven approaches, model-based approaches, and hybrid approaches.

Paragraph 16: West Ridge is one of 77 Chicago community areas. It is a middle-class neighborhood located on the far North Side of the City of Chicago. It is located in the 50th ward and the 40th ward. Also historically called North Town, and frequently referred to as West Rogers Park, it is bordered on the north by Howard Street, on the east by Ridge Boulevard, Western Avenue, and Ravenswood Avenue, the south by Bryn Mawr Avenue and Peterson Avenue, and on the west by Kedzie Avenue and the North Shore channel of the Chicago River. At one time joined with neighboring Rogers Park, it seceded to become its own village in 1890 over a conflict concerning park districts (known as the Cabbage War).  West Ridge was annexed to Chicago on April 4, 1893, along with Rogers Park.

Paragraph 17: The village of Koningsbosch has a thriving association culture. In 1992 the local shooting club (Schutterij St. Joseph) won the OLS. The local mixed choir Mes Amis became provincial champion in 1992 and 1993 and the local wood-wind and brass band (Harmonie St. Cecilia) became national champion in 1997. Successes of the local male choir "Koninklijk erkend mannenkoor St. Caecilia" are from earlier days. Periodically events are organised where various local associations perform together. In sept 2006 Mes Amis, the male choir and Harmonie St. Cecilia celebrated the 85th anniversary of the Harmonie in the Bürger-Treff in Waldfeucht, Germany. Every second week of December Mes Amis, the male choir, Harmonie St. Cecilia and the local church choir St. Caecilia perform together in a Christmas concert.

Paragraph 18: Though Sorai was best known for being a teacher of Confucianism he was also called on to find answers to some of the economic issues that arose alongside the growing economy, the most notable of which was the rising inflation and prices that began after the debasement of coinage in 1695. The Tokugawa shogunate carried out a total of 12 recoinages between 1695 and the start of the Meiji Restoration in 1868 debasing the currency in an attempt to match the rising demand for money as the commercial economy rapidly expanded. There was an attempt to quell the inflation and high prices in 1714 when the government reminted coins in an effort to reduce the amount of gold in circulation, however this exacerbated the problem as the old coins remained in circulation alongside the newly minted coins. In response to the currency reforms Sorai noted that the monetary policies enacted failed as they only accounted for one of the causes of high prices and inflation. Sorai realized that there were more than just monetary influences that needed to be taken into account to address the problem. He noted that since the large cities like Edo had become the center of large markets one had to consider the costs of tariffs and transportation from distant provinces as well as the costs of land and housing in the cities into final prices. Additionally, there was a breakdown of the traditional class distinctions where commoners were able to buy goods that were once reserved for the higher classes which pushed up prices. Finally, he pointed out that as the merchant class grew in power they began to collude and fix prices above what was normal. It was all of these factors together, in addition to the monetary influences, that caused wealth and power to shift away from the shogun and into the hands of the merchants which prompted the debasement of coinage leading to inflation and exorbitant prices.

Paragraph 19: As well as sharing the Third Way's aims U3W (as it is sometimes shortened to) was committed to securing independence for Northern Ireland from both the United Kingdom and Ireland. U3W tended to focus its attentions on trying to build up grass-roots support in loyalist areas, emphasising Ulster-Scots and the Battle of the Boyne commemorations and has its main office in the Shankill area of Belfast. It advocated the creation of an "all-Northern Ireland" identity as a basis for independence and as a solution to the Troubles. During the 1990s it also advocated Protestants learning the Irish language. Despite concentrating its efforts on the Protestant community U3W remained a very minor force in Northern Irish politics.

Paragraph 20: Historically, feminism has been a traditionally feminine role in America, and being a feminist has had a negative connotation toward it, at least in 1848 when the First-wave feminism started. Women that are a feminist have been called "ugly" "men haters" or "always angry." These stereotypes only are associated with women, because it is not common in the U.S. for men to be feminists as well. The feminist movement started as a way to grant gender equality to women, but it is not limited to only women. Men can also be a feminist if they believe that women deserve equal rights as well. Gender is a social construct derived from norms that society has implemented; based on how they believe a male or female would represent themselves. The third wave of feminism started the notion of connecting racial, sexual, and gender identities. Gender can be different for most people, and it does not have to fall in line with an individual's sex as well. Gender can be different for most people and it is up to interpretation, feminism and the way an individual chooses to be a feminist can be up for interpretation as well. Women having feminine manners was brought to light as gender tried to explain why women were in unequal positions of power to men; and leads to misogynistic views of calling women "weak" because femininity is a female flaw. The words used to describe women that are used as an insult are a compliment to men. For example, if a woman is assertive, aggressive, or bold, she is labeled as bossy. Feminists have continuously tried shifting away from the narrative that being feminine is for women, and men cannot be feminists. Research has shown that men have mad roles in creating change and respecting feminist movements.

Paragraph 21: Eddie Dee was born Eddie Alexander Ávila Ortiz on April 26, 1977 to his mother Diomaris Ortiz and father Eddie Ávila. He began singing and composing songs at an early age before beginning his musical career in 1990, when he started to appear on television shows. His first encounter with fame was in 1987 when he was already famous in his neighbourhood because of his rapping. In 1991 he was one of the dancers in the Puerto Rican propaganda El Sida Está Cañón, led by the singer Ernesto Morales, a message to prevent AIDS. In 1993, he released his debut album Eddie & The Ghetto Crew. Following the album, he began gaining popularity within Puerto Rico by collaborating with other artists. In 1994 Eddie participated on a music video for Straight From The Ghetto, a mixtape by the producer DJ Guichy, being Edde's first participation on a music video. Eddie Dee became popular with the 1997 single "Señor Oficial," from DJ Adam's Compilation album Mad Jam vol. 2 'The Comeback', which detailed "the injustices that young Puerto Rican men suffered at the hands of the police." It was a commercial success reaching number one in Puerto Rico. The album gained him a "Puerto Rican Rap and Reggae Award for Best Lyrics" the same year.  Around this time as well, Eddie Dee participated in successful compilation albums from the Puerto Rican Hip Hop/Reggaeton scene such as 'Boricua Guerrero' and El Cartel de Yankee with the latter containing the successful single "¿Porque?".  In 1999 he helped a new rapper by supporting his work and recording with him on the song "En Peligro De Extinción", which was part of the track list of his next studio album: El Terrorista De La Lírica (which also includes the posthumous appearance of Frankie Ruiz, a famous American salsa singer, who died in 1998). That rapper was Tego Calderón at his very early beginning in the music industry, and in 2003 he gained international popularity after his first studio album, El Abayarde, which sold 300.000 copies worldwide.  Before the official release of "El Terrorista De La Lirica", Eddie Dee released the maxi-single "Amor Mio" containing a collaboration with Puerto Rican Reggae band Cultura Profética, two remixes, one by Nico Canada and another featuring Angel Lopez of Son by Four fame plus the song "Asi Yo Vivo" which was included on his 2nd album along with the Angel version.

Paragraph 22: The seismic intensity peaked at VIII (Severe) on the Modified Mercalli intensity scale at Adak and Umnak. As the shock occurred before the World Wide Standardised Seismological Network was in operation, few instruments recorded the event, and its mechanism is not understood well as a result. Some effort was made with the limited data to gain an understanding of the rupture area and the distribution of slip. One aspect of the event that was certain was that the  aftershock zone was the largest that had ever been observed. The aftershock zone may slightly overlap other ruptures, however there is minimal overlap between the aftershocks of the 1946 Aleutian Islands earthquake to the east and the 1965 Rat Islands earthquake to the west. Studies of the event differ on rupture characteristics. Some suggest a rupture zone greater than , stretching from Amchitka Pass in the east to Unimak Pass in the west. Other studies have the rupture area at a significantly longer . Yet other studies conclude that the entirety of the aftershock area ruptured in the earthquake, for a total rupture length of . The western portion of the rupture stopped at Bowers Ridge. Studies also disagree on whether the easternmost area near Unalaska ruptured. Some of the early scientific papers conclude that this area remained unruptured during the event and remains a seismic gap. Others, especially ones written decades after the fact, conclude that slip did occur here, but signals from it were blocked by the coda of the main slip. However, the amount of slip is not agreed upon. Some studies support a low amount of slip, while others conclude that there was large amounts of slip in this area, up to . A maximum slip of  was estimated in the eastern portion of the rupture. If the eastern portion of the megathrust did rupture, then a magnitude of  is more reflective of the event. The tsunami created by the earthquake suggests a () event.

Paragraph 23: The magazine was founded in 1961 by Mitoshi Uyehara. It was published by Uyehara under the company "Black Belt, Inc." based in Los Angeles until 1973. Although the publication went mainstream in 1961, the first magazine was produced and sold for ten cents and was put together on the kitchen floor of Uyehara's home in 1958. By the first year of producing a full publication in 1961, Uyehara was in debt for $30,000.  This story has been one that he has shared with his children and grandchild to believe in oneself and fight against the odds.  Bruce Lee contributed many articles to the publication during the 1960s. Uyehara, a martial artist in his own right, was a key personage in arranging Lee's material for publication. Uyehara is a 3rd Dan in Aikido but studied many other arts.  He is the student of Tohei Sensei, an Aikido master.  Uyehara believed that Americans could benefit from the discipline of martial arts, and his love for the art is what led to turning a hobby into a living. What began as a humble endeavor of opening the first Aikido dojo in Los Angeles, grew into a magazine, and sports exhibition. His relationship with Bruce Lee was mutual.  While Uyehara immediately saw Lee's talent and featured him in his publications, Lee reciprocated by his loyalty in only providing direct interviews to Uyehara once he reached stardom.  The two men knew they were both minorities in an art that was not embraced by Americans at the time.  The two remained close friends until Lee's death.  Uyehara has never had another best friend since the death of Lee.  Uyehara, in his own humble way, and because he recognized the value of Lee's talent, continued to perpetuate Lee's art through his own children and grandson, currently a cadet at the United States Military Academy, West Point, N.Y.

Paragraph 24: In the 853rd century the institutions of the Justice League of America (JLA) and the Legion of Super-Heroes have developed into the Justice Legions, various teams of superhumans who act to protect the Milky Way galaxy. The highest ranking of these is the Justice Legion Alpha, who have their base on Jupiter and are responsible for protecting the Solar System (the second rank is Justice Legion Beta, the third is Justice Legion Gamma, and so on).  While Alpha resembles the JLA, other legions resemble teams such as the Teen Titans, Young Justice, the Legion of Super-Heroes, the Legion of Super-Pets, etc.

Paragraph 25: Rick Swan reviewed the Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign for Dragon magazine #210 (October 1994). Having also reviewed the Player's Guide to the Forgotten Realms Campaign in the same column, he declares: "For the hapless souls intimidated by the sprawl of Dragonlance (and the equally imposing Forgotten Realms setting) TSR comes to the rescue with these two Player's Guides. While the content is familiar—old hat, in fact, to veteran AD&D game players—the format is brand-new. Gone are [...] everything that makes novices feel like they've wandered into a foreign country. Instead of using rules, the books illustrate key concepts with original fiction, as whimsical as fairy tales and a treat to read." Swan called the Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign "the better of the two", explaining that it "boasts crisp writing and a generous selection of maps and portraits". He also felt that "Lucid explanations make this a good resource as well as a good read. Take, for instance, the Knights of Solamnia, an order of chivalrous warriors who fell out of favor prior to the War of the Lance. The responsibilities and membership requirements of the knights have been discussed in umpteen previous supplements [...] But for the novice, the game lingo in the earlier books made life difficult; it's hard to get a handle on the ethos of a Knight of the Rose when you're still struggling with proficiency bonuses. The Player's Guide, however, provides clutter-free summaries. A novice who doesn't know a proficiency bonus from a ping-pong ball will come away with a clear understanding of the Rose Knights' commitment to justice and how it relates to the legacy of Huma Dragonbane." Swan did have a few complaints: "By downplaying the conflict between good and evil that forms the backbone of the Dragonlance mythos, the book fails to capture the epic scope of the early novels. [...] Familiar characters, such as Flint Fireforge and Sturm Brightblade, receive only single-paragraph biographies. For those interested in using Ansalon as a campaign setting, it would've been nice to suggest which supplements they need. Swan concluded his review by saying: "Make no mistake. These books are intended as introductions, providing broad overviews for beginners. Serious players who want serious answers can skip the Player's Guides and go right to the Tales of the Lance boxed set (for the Dragonlance setting) and the revised in 1993 edition Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting set. But if you’re not ready for the big time, or if you're more curious than committed, try the Player's Guides first."

Paragraph 26: In the Cartesian view, the distinction between these two concepts is a methodological necessity driven by a distrust of the senses and the res extensa as it represents the entire material world.  The categorical separation of these two, however, caused a problem, which can be demonstrated in this question: How can a wish (a mental event), cause an arm movement (a physical event)? Descartes has not provided any answer to this but Gottfried Leibniz proposed that it can be addressed by endowing each geometrical point in the res extensa with mind. Each of these points is within res extensa but they are also dimensionless, making them unextended. 

Paragraph 27: As the caravan passed through the Guatemalan city of Chiquimula, Fuentes was arrested by police and deported. Other Hondurans, traveling on buses, had their papers seized or were arrested, forcing migrants to travel on foot. On entering Tecún Umán on 18 October 2018, the caravan numbered around 5,000, but began shrinking due to the speed of parts of the caravan and its reception in shelters in Tecún Umán. The same day, U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to deploy the U.S. military and close the U.S.–Mexico border to keep the caravan from entering the country. Trump also threatened to cut aid to countries allowing the caravans to pass through. Also on 18 October, Mexico flew two Boeing 727s transporting Federal Police officers to the Guatemala–Mexico border. The next day, 19 October, an estimated 4,000 migrants had gathered in Ciudad Tecún Umán in Guatemala. Mexican officials, including the ambassador to Guatemala, requested that migrants appear individually at the border for processing. The migrants ignored the request, and marched on the bridge, overwhelming Guatemalan police and Mexican barriers on the bridge, then entered Ciudad Hidalgo, Chiapas, and encountered Federal Police in riot gear. After an hour-long standoff with police, whom migrants threw shoes and stones at, tear gas was used to push the migrants back onto the bridge. Officials reported that at least six Mexican police officers had been injured. After hostilities ended, migrants formed into lines and began processing by Mexican authorities. By the mid-afternoon, migrants were allowed entry in Mexico and were taken by bus to Tapachula. According to the Commissioner of the Federal Police, Manelich Castilla Craviotto, this was for processing and shelter. Migrants with valid visas and documentation were allowed immediate entrance, while asylum-seekers would be detained in a migration center for 45 days. On 20 October, about 2,000 migrants who had crossed the Suchiate River and entered Ciudad Hidalgo decided to rebuild the caravan to continue their trek to the United States. The caravan again resumed its march early on 21 October from Tapachula. A force of 700 Federal Police officers, mostly women, formed a human barricade on the Suchiate–Tapachula highway, but withdrew as the 5,000-strong caravan of migrants came within . By the afternoon, the migrants reached Tapachula and its leaders decided to rest there,  inside Mexico. Their march began again the next day, bound for Huixtla, another  away from Tapachula. Simultaneously, Guatemalan officials reported that another thousand migrants entered the country from Honduras, while another 1,000 migrants were reported making for Tapachula from Ciudad Hidalgo.

Paragraph 28: The duration of her relationship with the king has much discussed. She was definitely the mistress of James IV during 1496–97, and possibly as early as 1495. Records show her living at Stirling Castle from 3 June 1496, and from 30 October to March 1497 at Linlithgow Palace. Her presence, and perhaps a previous similar arrangement for another mistress in the royal houses, was noted by the Spanish ambassador Pedro de Ayala. Ayala later wrote of James IV:"When I arrived, he was keeping a lady with great state in a castle. He visited her from time to time. Afterwards he sent her to the house of her father, who is a knight, and married her [to a third party]. He did the same with another lady, by whom he had had a son."

Paragraph 29: The Court has heard several cases that have had a major impact on Indiana as well as others that have set nationwide precedents. The first of these cases, Lasselle v. State (1820), where the Court overturned a circuit court decision that tested slave ownership in the new state by stating "the framers of our constitution intended a total and entire prohibition of slavery," and resulted in all slaves in Indiana being freed. In the Fall Creek Massacre case (1823), State v. Hudson, the Court upheld a lower court's finding that crimes committed against Native Americans were punishable under American laws. This decision lead to the first execution of a white man for crimes against natives. In the Falkenburg v. Jones case (1854), Indiana became the first state to establish the right for a defendant to obtain court records free of charge. The 1909 case of Woessner v. Bullick established that the Court could invalidate a governor's veto if proper veto procedures were not followed, in effect ruling the pocket-veto as unconstitutional. In 1917, the state was among the first to adopt an Exclusionary rule, established in the case of Callendar v. State, which prevented illegally obtained evidence from be submitted in court. In William v. Smith, a case heard in 1921, the Court overturned Indiana's eugenics laws, the first of their kind in the nation.

Paragraph 30: They wrestled at Triplemania XVII, defeating Real Fuerza Aérea (Laredo Kid, Super Fly and Aero Star) in a sub-three minute match which Los Psycho Circus dominated. In August, 2009 it was announced the Zombie Clown's name had been changed to Monster Clown and Killer Clown would be known as "Murder Clown" from that point forwards due to copyright problems with the original names. Los Psycho Circus kept their winning streak alive as they defeated La Yakuza (El Oriental, Kenzo Suzuki and Sugi San) in the opening match of the 2009 Verano de Escandalo. In the winter of 2009 Los Psycho Circus began siding with Cibernético in his feud with Konnan and La Legión Extranjera teaming with him in eight-man matches against La Legión, this was the first time that Los Psycho Circus had teamed up with a tecnico (good guy). At the 2010 Rey de Reyes event Los Psycho Circus served as Lumberjacks during a Lumberjack match where they kept La Legión from interfering in the match, allowing Cibernético to pin Konnan. During the summer of 2010 it was announced that Los Psycho Circus ' win streak had reached 600 victories. On October 31, 2010, Los Psycho Circus formed a new alliance named Potencia Mundial (World Power) with AAA Mega Champion Dr. Wagner, Jr. On December 5, 2010, at Guerra de Titanes Los Psycho Circus' long undefeated streak came to an end, when Los Perros del Mal (Damián 666, Halloween and X-Fly) handed them their first ever loss in a steel cage weapons match, thanks to an interference from the leader of Los Perros, El Hijo del Perro Aguayo. On April 24, 2011, Los Psycho Circus defeated Los Maniacos (Joe Líder, Silver King and Último Gladiador), Los Oficiales (Oficial 911, Oficial AK-47 and Oficial Fierro) and Los Perros del Mal (Bestia 666, Damián 666 and X-Fly) in a four–way elimination steel cage match to win the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship at IWRG's Guerra de Empresas show. The feud continued at Triplemanía XIX, where Damián 666, Halloween and X-Fly defeated Los Psycho Circus in a tournament final to become the first ever AAA World Trios Champions. On July 31 at Verano de Escándalo, Los Psycho Circus faced Los Perros del Mal in a steel cage match, where the last person left in the cage would lose either his hair or mask. The match ended with Psycho Clown escaping the cage, leaving X-Fly inside and forcing him to have his hair shaved off. On August 28, Los Psycho Circus lost the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship to Bestia 666, Damián 666 and X-Fly of Los Perros del Mal in a four team steel cage match, which also included Los Temerarios (Black Terry, Durok and Machin) and Los Villanos (Kortiz, Ray Mendoza, Jr. and Villano IV). On October 9 at Héroes Inmortales, Los Psycho Circus and Los Perros del Mal ended their year long rivalry, when the clowns defeated Damián 666, Halloween and Nicho el Millonario in a Masks vs. Hairs steel cage match to take their hairs. After a five month break from the rivalry, Los Psycho Circus defeated Damián 666, Halloween and X-Fly of Los Perros del Mal on March 11, 2012, to win the AAA World Trios Championship. They lost the title to El Consejo (Máscara Año 2000, Jr., El Texano, Jr. and Toscano) on May 19, 2012. Los Psycho Circus regained the title from El Consejo on February 18, 2013. They lost the title to Los Hell Brothers (Averno, Chessman and Cibernético) on June 14, 2015, at Verano de Escándalo. On October 2, 2016, at Héroes Inmortales X, Monster and Murder Clown turned on Psycho Clown and formed a new partnership with his rival Pagano.