Paragraph 1: The 2016–17 Spartans were decimated by departures from the prior year as seniors Denzel Valentine, Bryn Forbes, and Matt Costello all graduated and moved to the NBA. Freshman Deyonta Davis also declared his eligibility for the NBA after the year and sophomores Javon Bess and Marvin Clark transferred out of the program. In all, five of the Spartans' top six scorers from the 2016 team did not return. In response, MSU welcomed their most-heralded recruiting class ever as four top-50 ranked players entered the program: Miles Bridges, Joshua Langford, Cassius Winston, and Nick Ward. A young team would look to graduate transfer Ben Carter and seniors Gavin Schilling and Eron Harris to fill the holes left by departing players. However, Carter and Schilling suffered season-ending knee injuries before the season began and Harris would suffer one late in the season. As a result, MSU struggled up front as Ward at 6' 8" was the tallest on the team. Former walk-on Kenny Goins became the backup big man at 6' 6". Following losses in their first two games to top-10 teams, MSU suffered two other losses to top-20 teams. Bridges missed seven games with a knee injury near the end of the non-conference slate and the Spartans, who started the season ranked as high as 10 in some polls, entered Big Ten play with an 8–5 record. Izzo would lament his early-season schedule which involved trips to Hawaii, New York, and the Bahamas when his young team wouldn't get needed practice time. Wins to start conference play over Minnesota (twice) and Northwestern, which would prove to be two of their better wins on the season, and Bridges's return had MSU at 4–1 in conference play. However, inconsistency haunted the Spartans as their failure to win road games left the Spartans at 8–5 in conference play with a visit to conference leaders, Purdue. MSU was handled easily by the Boilermakers and Harris suffered his knee injury which appeared to spell the end of MSU's 19-year NCAA tournament streak. However, Bridges, who averaged over 16 points and eight rebounds on the season, and Ward who averaged over 13 points and six rebounds, led the Spartans as they knocked off No. 16-ranked Wisconsin to likely seal a trip to the NCAA tournament. A 10–8 conference record left the Spartans in a tie for fifth place. A win over Penn State in the Big Ten tournament preceded a loss to Minnesota, but was enough for the Spartans to get an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament for the 20th consecutive year. As a No. 9 seed, a win over Miami in the first round led to a loss to No. 1-seeded Kansas and an end to the season. Bridges finished the season with perhaps the second-best freshman season in MSU history (behind Magic Johnson): 16.9 points, 8.3 rebounds, 2.1 assists, and 1.5 blocks per game.

Paragraph 2: In Europe, it was normal for the authorities to exercise greater control over railway development than in Britain and this meant that the central station was often the focal point of town planning. "Indeed, in most large continental cities the station was deliberately fronted by a square to set it off." During the 1880s "world leadership in large station design passed to Germany, where state funding helped secure the building of central stations on a lavish scale." By contrast, British entrepreneurialism led to a great diversity of ownership and rights and a lack of centralised coherence in the construction of major stations.

Paragraph 3: Pavle was born as Gojko Stojčević (Гојко Стојчевић) in the village of Kućanci near Magadenovac, then part of Austria-Hungary (present-day Croatia). He lost both of his parents in childhood, and was raised by an aunt. After finishing elementary school, Pavle graduated from a gymnasium in Belgrade, then studied at the seminary in Sarajevo. After finished Seminary, Gojko entered University of Belgrade where he studied Theology and Medicine in parallel. He quit medicine, but graduated with a Theology degree in 1942. During World War II he took refuge in the Holy Trinity monastery in Ovčar, and later moved to Belgrade. During 1944, he was employed as a teacher and educator at the refugee children's home in Bosnia in Banja Koviljaca. When the children were running on the river, one boy started to drown and Gojko jumped into the cold water to help him. Soon he was seriously ill "on the lungs" and doctors believed that was tuberculosis predicted him another three months of his life. He then went to the Vujan Monastery where he lived for some time isolated from other monks and managed to cure this disease. In gratitude, he carved and donated a wooden cross to the monastery with crucifixion. After the war, he worked in Belgrade as a construction worker, but because of his poor health he took monastic vows in Blagoveštenje monastery in Ovčar in 1946. His monastic name became Pavle (Paul). He served as a hierodeacon in Blagoveštenje, and later in Rača monastery between 1949 and 1955. In 1954, Pavle was ordained to the rank of hieromonk. The same year he was ordained as protosyncellus, and in 1957 as archimandrite.

Paragraph 4: The Mahabharata narrates that King Dushyanta was once hunting in the forests, when he struck a fawn with his arrow. The fawn fled to the ashrama of Sage Kanva, and the king followed it. Upon reaching the ashrama, the king saw Shakuntala watering the plants, accompanied by her friends, named Anasuya and Priyamvada. Dushyanta and Shakuntala fell in love with each other. Since the sage Kanva was absent from the ashrama, they married according to the gandharva rites, and Shakuntala soon became pregnant. The king presented her with his signet ring, and left for his palace. When Dushyanta left Shakuntala, she grew pensive, and did not realise the arrival of Durvasa to the ashrama. Reputed for his anger, Durvasa took her ignorance of him as a sign of disrespect, and cursed her to be forgotten by the man she was contemplating at that very moment. Shakuntala did not hear this curse being placed upon her. When Kanva returned and learnt of these events, he sent Shakuntala to the palace of Dushyanta. Owing to the curse, Dushyanta did not recognised her. Greatly aggrieved, while Shakuntala was returning to the ashrama, her mother, Menaka, took her to the ashrama of Kashyapa. Shakuntala delivered a son. The boy grew brave and fearless, and was able to subdue even the wildest of beasts in the region. Kashyapa, therefore, named him Sarvadamana (all-subduing). After a period of time, when Dushyanta was returning home after visiting Indra, he came across Shakuntala, recognised her, and took her and his son to his palace. This boy grew up to become Bharata. Bharata conquered the world, and acquired three wives, though the sons born of these wives were so cruel that they were slain. Bharata propitiated the devas for a son, and they gave him a boy, whom he named Vitatha, also called Bharadvaja. According to another account, Bharadvaja blessed Bharata with a son named Bhumanyu. Bharata ruled for twenty-seven thousand years, and therefore, the kingdom that he inherited and expanded came to be known as Bhārata, named after him.

Paragraph 5: Daniel Bomberg ( – ) was one of the most important early printers of Hebrew books. A Christian hebraist who employed rabbis, scholars and apostates in his Venice publishing house, Bomberg printed the first Mikraot Gdolot (Rabbinic Bible) and the first complete Babylonian and Jerusalem Talmuds, based on the layout pioneered by the Soncino family printers, with the commentaries of Rashi, and of the Tosfot in the margins. These editions set standards that are still in use today, in particular the pagination of the Babylonian Talmud. His publishing house printed about 200 Hebrew books, including Siddurim, responsa, codes of law, works of philosophy and ethics, commentaries, and more. He was the first Hebrew printer in Venice and the first non-Jewish printer of Hebrew books.

Paragraph 6: Although nineteenth century medical authorities noted the accuracy of Gogol's depiction of the course of madness, the text itself (with the exception of the title) never crosses the boundary into objectification. Everything is told exclusively from the point of view of the protagonist, and conclusions about him and what is happening to him can only ever be inferred from the solipsistic and increasingly fantastic narrative of events and thoughts recorded in his diary. The entries haphazardly mix a past tense recounting of events of the day with present time registering of thoughts and associations relating to them. It begins with a standard date-based diary format, but at a certain point even the dates take on an irrational form, as if the writer's sense of conventional time has dissolved.

Paragraph 7: Watt was born in Old Meldrum, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, the third son of John Watt.  He was educated at Grammar School, King's College and Marischal College, Aberdeen, and later attended both the University of Aberdeen and the University of Glasgow. He received the degrees of M.B. and C.M. in 1873.  He enjoyed teaching and joined the University of Glasgow as a prodissector to the Professor of Anatomy. Around 1864, there was a famine in Orissa and the then Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal, Sir George Campbell was firm that agricultural education was key to avoiding similar disasters and following the recommendations of Sir John Strachey's Famine Commission, a need to carry out scientific study to improve the food supply in India was noted. In order to fulfil this requirement, and on the recommendation of J.D. Hooker, he was selected for the post Professor of Botany, at Presidency College, Calcutta University and joined there in 1873–74. He taught for ten years at a college in Hoogly and at the same time began to study the local botany and began to form a private herbarium. He followed a system of numbering specimens in the field with numbered tag labels detached from similarly numbered sheets in the field to avoid mistakes in labelling. In 1879 he travelled around northwest Punjab and he described several new plant species from the Chamba region. In 1881 he was posted as surgeon to the Burma-Manipur Delimitation Commission with special permission to conduct botanical studies during the expedition. On his return he was made in charge of the Calcutta International Exhibition for 1883–84. Watt organized a 1700-page catalogue for the economic section of the exhibition that was in charge of. Towards the end of the exhibition, the government suggested that the catalogue should be expanded. The expanded version was ready for the Colonial and Indian Exhibition of London in 1886. This was later to become the first volume of his work and he was made a CIE for his work. On his return to India, he was put in charge of the Indian Museum and appointed Reporter on Economic Products under the Department of Revenue and Agriculture. Isaac Henry Burkill worked as an assistant reporter. He organized another exhibition for the Delhi Exhibition of Indian Art on 2 January 1902 and published Indian Art at Delhi. Watt edited the Agricultural Ledger, a government bulletin that collated notes on agricultural products and practices sent by officers posted across India. As an economic botanist, he also published books on cotton and cacao.

Paragraph 8: While Marge takes the children on a leisurely Sunday afternoon drive (that the kids don't enjoy), Homer is forced to clean the garage at home. He accidentally gets spiders in his throat, and his neck is almost crushed by the garage door. When his family gets home, a suffocated Homer is saved by CPR by Lisa and Bart (via wrestling). After the incident, Marge insists that the family buy life insurance, but Homer is deemed impossible to insure because of his poor medical history; even boasting that he smokes to impress the consultant, a lie that fails to convince her. After watching a melodramatic "inspired by real-life" made-for-TV film, Marge decides to save money in a very paranoid way by buying imitation brands of cereal and coffee, and convinces Maggie to conserve her pacifier. Homer, however, becomes upset with Marge's petty attitude (especially when she will not let him spend even false money to buy a single beer) and tries to argue with Marge, remarking that he has the right to use at least a part of the money since he brings it home, but she denies his request, retorting that he does nothing in his job. Homer, now angry about Marge's new measures, takes the money she has saved and makes a down payment on a new motor home. After he buys his motor home, Marge tells Homer to enjoy it because she is not speaking to him.

Paragraph 9: In , Gil started for the O's on Opening Day. He was the first Orioles rookie to start at catcher on Opening Day since Andy Etchebarren, in . He caught 33 out of 91 baserunners stealing, second in the American League to Bengie Molina. He hit his first big league homer on April 11, off Tampa Bay Devil Rays pitcher Travis Phelps. His first multi-homer game was on April 23, both off the Boston Red Sox pitcher Frank Castillo. He also hit another home run off Castillo on April 29. Gil hit 12 home runs that year, the most ever by a Mexican-born rookie. The previous record was held by Vinny Castilla, who hit 9 for the Colorado Rockies in . An interesting fact about Gil's 2002 season is that of his 12 home runs, 4 were against the Red Sox, the most he hit against any team that year. 3 of those 4 homers he hit against Boston were off Frank Castillo. He was selected as the catcher on the Topps' All-Rookie team after the season was over. Gil played for the Obregón Yaquis in the Mexican Pacific League during the 2002 off season, batting .266 with 6 home runs and 20 runs batted in. He played mostly first base, outfield and designated hitter. He also played 6 games as a catcher and a game at third.

Paragraph 10: Lauffen is located in the southern part of the district of Heilbronn,  south of Heilbronn and  north of the capital of Baden-Württemberg, Stuttgart, on the Neckar. The small river Zaber flows into the Neckar at this point. The neck of the previous great bow in the course of the north-flowing Neckar was broken through by erosion somewhere between 400 BC and 100 BC and for several centuries the watercourse survived as a ring of lakes. The old circular riverbed is now dry, apart from one small artificial lake. Along the old riverbed, a round hill was formed – its slopes now partially covered by the Kaywald forest and with other areas given over to the cultivation of vines. There is a hill on the western bank of the Neckar at the centre point of the ancient river bow. This hill became separated from another on the present eastern bank when the river broke through.  Lauffen grew up on the western bank, on the ridge which is the site of today's Regiswindis Church.  This hill settlement became known as Lauffen-Dorf (Lauffen village). In the middle of the river, between the two hills, is an island with a castle.  This castle, originally the seat of the Earls of Lauffen, is now home to the town hall – the island itself is a nature reserve. Another settlement, Lauffen-Stadt (Lauffen town), later established itself on the hill on the eastern bank. The two districts, Lauffen-Dorf and Lauffen-Stadt, are joined by a bridge.  A smaller bridge from Lauffen-Stadt leads to the island and the town hall. Yet another district, the so-called Lauffen-Dörfle (Lauffen little village), grew up around a convent and is situated on the western bank to the north of Lauffen-Dorf and the Zaber. An exclave of Lauffen, the town's forest of Etzlenswenden, is located further east in the Löwenstein Mountains. It is presumed that this forested area was allocated to the town by its founders in around AD 1200, as there was no other forest within its boundaries from which timber and firewood could be obtained. It is here, in the exclave, that the highest point is situated  above sea level; the lowest point  above sea level is by the Neckar.

Paragraph 11: One type of Vacherin cheese is called mont d'Or, or Vacherin du Haut-Doubs, from France, or Vacherin Mont-d'Or from Switzerland (though it tends to just be called Vacherin in the local shops). It is a soft, rich, seasonal cheese made from cow's milk in Switzerland and France, usually in villages of the Jura region (an origin that has been officially controlled since 1981), and has a grayish-yellow washed rind. The cheese is wrapped in a "sangle" made from the cambium of a Norway spruce tree (French: ) for about two weeks at least, which gives the cheese a unique flavour. It typically contains 45 to 50 percent milk fat (in dry matter), and is produced between August 15 and March 15, and sold between September 10 and May 10. The Swiss Vacherin Mont d'Or is generally made with thermized milk (pasteurization is not allowed), while the French Vacherin du Haut-Doubs is unpasteurized.  It is traditionally made in the winter months when the cows come down from Alpage (mountain pastures) and there is not enough milk to make Comté cheese. It is marketed in round boxes of various diameters made of spruce. The strips of spruce are harvested by specialists called "sanglier". It is often served warmed in its original packaging and eaten like fondue.

Paragraph 12: Parameswara continue his journey to the north, where he reportedly visited Sening Ujong (now Sungai Ujong) before arriving at a Malay fishing village at the mouth of Bertam River (now Malacca River). He decided to stop there to rest. While he was resting under a tree, he saw his follower's hunting dogs fighting with a small mouse deer before they were kicked into a river by the deer. Amused by this, he thought the place he rested must be an unusual place; following this event, in 1396 he announced the place would be called Malaka. Soon, the site became the centre of the Malay world in the 15th and 16th centuries and the most prosperous entrepôt in the Malay Archipelago. In 1403, the first official Chinese trade envoy led by Admiral Yin Qing arrived in Malacca. Later, Parameśwara was escorted by Zheng He and other envoys in his successful visits. Malacca's relationships with Ming granted protection to Malacca against attacks from Siam and Majapahit and Malacca officially submitted as a protectorate of Ming China. This encouraged the development of Malacca into a major trade settlement on the trade route between China and India, Middle East, Africa and Europe. To prevent the Malaccan empire from falling to the Siamese and Majapahit, he forged a relationship with the Ming dynasty of China for protection. Following the establishment of this relationship, the prosperity of the Malacca entrepôt was then recorded by the first Chinese visitor, Ma Huan, who travelled together with Admiral Zheng He. On his descriptions, he wrote;

Paragraph 13: One day Paulo captures Vishambharan and hits him for his loss. Vishambharan reveals that Joykutty and Sindhu were in love and Thoma was the mastermind behind their marriage. He bribed Mahadevan and made him to stand with Thoma and Joykutty. When nobody was ready to marry Sindhu, Thoma made Mahadevan to convey Joykutty's feelings to Paulo. When Paulo finds out that Thoma was cheating him, he hits Thoma and kicks him out of the house. He tells that his is going to live without anyone's help and he will show it to Thoma. Thoma reveals the whole incident to Sreelakshmi. He even tells that Joykutty begged Thoma to marry Sindhu to him as she is pregnant to Joykutty's baby. Sreelakshmi tells Thoma that Paulo will call him back. Meanwhile, Paulo finds out that his money 30 crores was stolen and he believes that Thoma stole it. He angrily goes to Mathai's house and asks where Thoma is but he wasn't there. He tells that Thoma stole his money and everyone hears it. Paulo asks his sons frankly to tell Thoma his money back. The locals destroys Paulo's Chitti company. Paulo joins hands with Rakesh to find Thoma. One day, Kuttanpillai, a tea vendor sees Thoma. When he reveals the whole incident to Thoma, Rakesh arrives there with Paulo. When he was going to arrest Thoma he lies that Paulo's 30 crores were hawala money so he will arrest Paulo first. Rakesh reveals that he was betraying Paulo as he ashamed his father and made him to be arrested. He then handcuffs Thoma and Paulo and made them to walk all over the place to show locals in the same way how Paulo made Raghavan to walk. Paulo tells to the locals that Rakesh cheated him. Angrily he slaps Paulo. Thoma hits Rakesh for slapping Paulo and Rakesh beats Thoma and makes him unconscious. Rakesh then removes his belt and hits Paulo with. As Thoma sees his father getting beaten up, he fights back with Rakesh and saves his father. The fight stopped by Thoma's uncle Manikunju who reveals that he built some places like orphanages, schools with Paulo's money and Thoma helped him for it. He gave the money fr a benefit for the villagers. Mathai threatens to kill Rakesh if he hits Thoma and Paulo. The locals tells Rakesh to go away from the place otherwise they will kill him. Thoma apologises to Paulo, where Paulo  realises his mistake and apologize to everyone who he had done bad things. 

Paragraph 14:  In the North-West division: All top-3 teams were each involved in two or three appeal cases. As Soshanguve Sunshine did not win any of their appeals, while the other two teams each managed to win one of their appeals, the log ended at 15 May, with Garankuwa United (63p) as 1st, NW Shining Stars (62p) as 2nd, and Soshanguve Sunshine (61p) as 3rd. Around 31 May, the appeal drama was however reignited, as two of the previously solved cases involving NW Shining Stars, result-wise were reverted to "a pending matter". The two unsolved appealed matches for the team, was a 2–0 win against Oxygen from 16 April, and a 2–3 defeat against Real Stars from 26 February. The Sports Court made a final decision at 1 June, to upheld the result of the first match, and award a new 2-0 result for NW Shining Stars in the second match against Real Stars; as the former result was ruled to be "unfairly achieved". Thus, the arbitration by the Sports Court, had now moved NW Shining Stars up at 65p in the log, which at this point of time meant, that they were now at a position to win the division. SAFA however announced at 2 June, that the team now also was involved in a third appeal. This time it was Soshanguve Sunshine pushing forward a final appeal to the Sports Court, to overrule the initial disciplinary decision by SAFA, for the imposed 0–2 defeat against NW Shining Stars. The case arose after allegations by NW Shining Stars, that Soshanguve Sunshine had fielded an unregistered player (Benjamin Nthethe) in the match between the two log leaders at 19 March, and thus had achieved their victory at the playing field by unfair means. SAFA initially agreed. If the Sports Court decide to nullify SAFAs decision, it will however mean, that the initial win for Soshanguve Sunshine will stand. In that case, Soshanguve will be crowned as the final winner of the division, with a total of 64p in the log, while NW Shining Stars has to settle with only 62p and a second place. If the court settle the case between the two opponents as a draw -i.e. due to disciplinary violations committed by both teams in the match-, then we have a tight situation, with Garankuwa United taking the final win of the division, with 63p and a better goal score than NW Shining Stars. The result of this last appeal was apparently decided at 5 June, with Garankuwa as the new final winner of the division. No references have yet been published to confirm the exact details about the final decision of the Sports Court.

Paragraph 15: Texas has a long-standing rivalry with the University of Oklahoma. The football game between the University of Texas and Oklahoma is commonly known as the "Red River Rivalry" and is held annually in Dallas at the Cotton Bowl. Dallas is used as a "neutral site" since it is approximately midway between the two campuses.  The stadium is split, with each team having an equal number of supporters on each side of the 50 yard line.  Texas state flags fly around the Longhorn end of the stadium and Oklahoma state flags fly around the Sooner end.  This border rivalry is often considered to be one of the top five current rivalries in the NCAA.  The Red River Shootout originated in 1900, while Oklahoma was still a territory of the United States, and it is the longest-running college-football rivalry played on a neutral field. Since 2005, the football game has received sponsorship dollars in return for being referred to as the "SBC Red River Rivalry" (changed to AT&T Red River Rivalry in 2006 after SBC merged with AT&T), a move which has been criticized both for its commercialism and its political correctness.  The University of Texas holds its annual Torchlight Parade during the week of the Red River Rivalry. In 2005, the Dallas Morning News did an opinion poll of the 119 Division 1A football coaches as to the nations top rivalry game in college football.  The Texas-OU game was ranked third. The game typically has conference or even national significance. Since 1945, one or both of the two teams has been ranked among the top 25 teams in the nation coming into 60 out of 65 games. Twice Texas has defeated the Sooners a record eight straight times from 1940 to 1947 and 1958–1965.  One of the most significant meetings was in 1963 with Oklahoma ranked No. 1 and Texas ranked No. 2, the game won by Texas 28–7 en route to their first officially recognized national championship.  The series has also had its share of games that came down to the wire and comebacks most recently in 2009 when Texas cemented a 16–13 victory in the fourth quarter over OU.  The game has also been the result of controversy.  The meeting in 1976 was a heated affair as the Oklahoma staff was accused of spying on Texas' practices, a move later confirmed by former OU head coach Barry Switzer.  In the 2008 season Texas scored 45 points over then No. 1 Oklahoma for the win, but even with the victory Texas would not go on to the Big 12 Championship game due to BCS rankings. Six of the last ten showings featured one of the participants in the BCS National Championship Game (2000, 2003–2005, 2008, 2009), including national titles won by Oklahoma in 2000 and by Texas in 2005.  On October 6, 2018, the Longhorns and Sooners squared off in a Red River Rivalry game that will go down in history.  After giving up a 21-point 4th Quarter lead, the Longhorns found themselves tied at 45 with the Sooners with just over two minutes left to play in the game.  As the Longhorns began to systematically march down the field, time began to run out.  However, a Cameron Dicker 40 yard field goal sealed a 48–45 win for the Longhorns and finally ended the 2-year drought in the Red River Rivalry.

Paragraph 16: Following the decline of the Gupta Empire, Maitraka dynasty was founded by Senapati (general) Bhaṭārka, who was a military governor of Saurashtra under Gupta Empire, who had established himself as the independent around 475 CE. The first two Maitraka rulers Bhaṭārka and Dharasena I used only the title of Senapati (general). The third ruler Droṇasiṁha declared himself as the Maharaja. During the reign Dhruvasena I, Jain council at Vallabhi was probably held. The next ruler Dharapaṭṭa is the only ruler considered as a sun-worshipper. King Guhasena stopped using the term Paramabhattaraka Padanudhyata along his name like his predecessors, which denotes the cessation of displaying of the nominal allegiance to the Gupta overlords. He was succeeded by his son Dharasena II, who used the title of Mahadhiraja. His son, the next ruler Śilāditya I Dharmāditya was described by Hiuen Tsang, visited in 640 CE, as a "monarch of great administrative ability and of rare kindness and compassion". Śilāditya I was succeeded by his younger brother Kharagraha I. Virdi copperplate grant (616 CE) of Kharagraha I proves that his territories included Ujjain. During the reign of the next ruler, Dharasena III, north Gujarat was included in this kingdom. Dharasena II was succeeded by another son of Kharagraha I, Dhruvasena II, Balāditya. He married the daughter of Harṣavardhana. His son Dharasena IV assumed the imperial titles of Paramabhattaraka Mahrajadhiraja Parameshvara Chakravartin. Sanskrit poet Bhatti was his court poet. The next powerful ruler of this dynasty was Śilāditya II. During the reign of Śilāditya V, Arabs probably invaded this kingdom. The last known ruler of this dynasty was Śilāditya VI.

Paragraph 17: Cohn released his first original song in more than seven years, "The Coldest Corner in the World", in 2014. The song was the title track for the documentary Tree Man. Cohn released the album Careful What You Dream: Lost Songs and Rarities in 2016 in celebration of the 25th anniversary of his platinum-selling debut album. Cohn simultaneously released a bonus album, Evolution of a Record, which featured never-before-heard songs and demos. In 2017, Cohn worked with William Bell on his Grammy Award-winning album This Is Where I Live. He co-wrote several tracks on the album, including the opener, "The Three Of Me". Cohn also collaborated with the Blind Boys of Alabama on their Grammy-nominated song "Let My Mother Live". 

Paragraph 18: Born in New York City, David Lehman grew up the son of European Holocaust refugees in Manhattan's northernmost neighborhood of Inwood. He attended Stuyvesant High School and Columbia University, and Cambridge University in England on a Kellett Fellowship. On his return to New York, he received a Ph.D. in English from Columbia, where he was Lionel Trilling's research assistant. Lehman's poem "The Presidential Years" appeared in The Paris Review No. 43 (Summer 1968) while he was a Columbia undergraduate. The poem was awarded Columbia's Van Rensselaer Poetry Prize in 1967. In 1970 he was named a Woodrow Wilson Fellow and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.

Paragraph 19: A lap of 123.600 mph on lap 3 by Steve Plater riding a 600cc Yamaha, passed Ian Lougher and Conor Cummins to claim 5th place. The fast race pace was continued by Bruce Anstey, completing lap 2 in 18 minutes and 3.40 seconds an average speed of 125.372 and breaking the lap record previously held by Guy Martin for the Junior TT by 1.63 seconds. At the pit-stop at the end of lap 2, Bruce Anstey led by 24.82 seconds from McGuinness who had regained 2nd place with a slender lead of 0.08 second of Keith Amor. A much faster pit-stop by McGuinness reduced the lead of Bruce Anstey by 5 seconds, although this advantage was reduced by Ballaugh Bridge on lap 3 and Anstey's lead was now back to 21 seconds. Another lap of 119.040 mph on lap 3 by Steve Plater elevated him to 4th place, passing the Kawasaki of Ryan Farquhar. This was followed by another lap of 124.363 mph by Steve Plater on lap 4, passing Keith Amor at Glen Helen on corrected time for 3rd place and only 9 seconds behind McGuinness in 2nd place reducing the gap between Plater and McGuinness to 5 seconds at Ramsey Hairpin on the last lap. The Mountain Section again proved to be conclusive as Steve Plater passed McGuinness to claim 2nd place on corrected time by 0.87 seconds at the finish-line and 21.27 seconds behind the 1st place of Bruce Anstey with an average race speed of 122.927 mph. A post-race technical inspection of the 600cc Suzuki of Bruce Anstey discovered an oversized exhaust-cam lifter at 8.75 mm as the Supersport regulations define a maximum limit of 8.00 mm. The TT race organiser accepted that a mistake by the race engine builder caused by a mis-labelled exhaust cam part resulted in the breach of the race homologation rules and the subsequent disqualification of the 600cc Suzuki of Bruce Anstey from first place. The revised result for the 2008 Supersport TT Race 1 elevated Steve Plater riding a 600cc Yamaha to 1st place in a race time of 1 hour, 14 minutes and 1.07 seconds at an average race speed of 122.338 mph. After his achievement to claim second place and then elevated to winner, Steve Plater said that;- "I can't believe it. It's been a rollercoaster of emotions for me....My head is a big snowball. I need to let it sink in for a while."

Paragraph 20: Paul Manfred Glaser was born March 25, 1943 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the youngest child and only son of Dorothy and Samuel Glaser, an MIT graduate and well-known Boston architect. He grew up in Brookline and Newton. He was raised Jewish, and although Dorothy was an agnostic, and the family did not observe the Shabbat, the family did celebrate the religion's major holidays, including Glaser's own bar mitzvah. Samuel designed a shul in Rhode Island. Glaser attended the Buckingham Browne & Nichols School until 1961 before transferring to the Cambridge School of Weston, completing high school.  Glaser attended Tulane University, where he was roommates with film director Bruce Paltrow, majoring in theater and English with a minor in architecture and graduated in 1966. He was a member of the Sigma Alpha Mu fraternity. He earned a master's degree in fine arts from Boston University in acting and directing in 1967.

Paragraph 21: Potatoes were grown on the island by George Shima in 1900 and 1901. In 1901, some land on Bradford Island was owned by Lester Morse; in 1903, several public officials purchased land on Bradford Island. Superintendent of Public Instruction T.J. Kirk bought , assistant superintendent and statistician Job Wood bought , and N.K. Foster, Secretary of the Board of Health, bought 240 acres.  of Foster's land would be sold in 1922. By 1907, the Meek Brothers (Horry W. and William E., the latter of whom was referred to as the "Asparagus King") owned more than  of land on the island. The capitalist Willis G. Witter owned nearly  of land on the island when he died in July 1907.  were sold in 1918 to A. B. Curtis, F. J. Coggina, and J. L. Tence.  of land on the island was offered to the state prison board for use as a prison farm in 1925, which was never built. 324 acres of land was sold in 1926, by H. J. McCourt to the California Pacific Title Insurance Company, and by 1929 land on Bradford Island was being listed for as much as $250 per acre ($ in ). By 1934, much of the island was owned by the California Delta Farms Company. In May 1938, after the discovery of the nearby Rio Vista gas field, the Standard Oil Company of California began exploring Bradford Island for hydrocarbon deposits. Drilling began in 1942 for a gasser, Jordan Unit No. 1; it had multiple producers by 1954. In January 1957, the Contra Costa Gazette reported Standard Oil's announcement that "Jordan Unit Number 1, a wildcat unit, will begin operations in Section 33, 3N-3E". In 1961, there were eight wells, tended by Joe Nichols. Standard Oil, in conjunction with Gulf Oil, filed a lawsuit against Contra Costa County in a 1966 lawsuit, claiming that the county had illegally taxed state and federal governments' royalties from drilling sites in the area. Standard Oil averred that their incomes from the Bradford Island wells had been overtaxed by $6,439.64 ($ in ). A  deep exploratory well previously drilled by Standard was abandoned in 1967. In March 1970, Standard Oil began directionally drill a well under Bradford Island from Sherman Island,  to the west. This well (Giannini No. 1) was abandoned in April. By 1990, natural gas wells on the island were being operated by the Hess Company.

Paragraph 22: After performing the then-untitled "Not About Love" at a Brion concert in February, Apple started studio work on the album the following June at Ocean Way Recording, where she played for Brion the first five songs she had written for the album. She debuted the song "A New Version of Me" (later renamed "Better", and then "Better Version of Me") live at Club Largo—where Brion has a regular Friday-night gig, often joined by musical friends—in August. By late 2002 Apple, Brion, engineer Tom Biller and percussionist Matt Chamberlain were at work in a wing of the Paramour Mansion, which was built in 1923 by silent film star Antonio Moreno; the four used the building as a temporary residence from early 2003, and Chamberlain said the experience of recording there was "completely amazing". With the album half complete in April 2003, Brion, Apple and Biller worked at Cello Studios, and a new release date of July 22 was announced. Brion and Apple then travelled to England later that month, to record strings and orchestration for the songs at Abbey Road Studios in London. The album was completed from Brion's perspective by May 2003, at which point the release was pushed back to September 30. But by Fall 2003 Apple and Brion were back in the recording studio adding finishing touches to the album, thus forcing back the release date to February 2004 (this was later changed to "early 2004").

Paragraph 23: During the Communist era, Mizil depended for employment on three large factories employing almost the entire workforce. The largest, established in 1951, produced armaments; the next turned out spun textiles and the smallest made mattresses. The town reached an economic nadir in 1998-1999, when these laid off thousands of workers. One factory, formerly employing 8,500, fired all but around 400, while another dismissed almost all its 2,000 employees. Unemployment rose to 17.5% (against a national average of 8.7%); including those who had stopped looking for work, unemployment reached 80% of the working-age population (18 to 62). Poverty had reached alarming levels, with tension and crime also rising, particularly among the generally jobless, under-educated Roma. As of 2005, 39% of Mizil firms are involved in commerce, 15% in services, 12% in industry, 11% in construction, 5% in agriculture, 3% in transport, and 15% in other domains. That year, the working-age population was 65% of the total, of whom 30% had jobs. Roma represented a significant portion of the 70% who did not. Due to the factory closings, there was a dramatic fall in employment between 1994 and 2001; even with a slight rise in subsequent years, the workforce only reached half the 1994 level.

Paragraph 24: Californication's lyrics were derived from Kiedis' ideas, outlooks, and perceptions of life and its meaning. "Porcelain" resulted from Kiedis' meeting with a young single mother at the YMCA, who was attempting to battle her heroin addiction while living with her infant daughter in Los Angeles during the summer of 1998. Regarding the meeting that inspired the song, Kiedis said in 1999, "[the] Mum's in a haze, strung out on heroin, but the little girl's this beaming-wide sunball of an angel. The woman loves her daughter, but the juxtaposition of their energies is profound." Kiedis also had a love interest in Yohanna Logan, a fashion designer whom Kiedis met while she was working in New York City. Kiedis involvement with Logan influenced his examination of love throughout Californication, in songs such as "This Velvet Glove". Sarcasm was a concept that Kiedis had dealt with in the past, and he ultimately crafted a song around it. He was inspired by Navarro, whom he considered to be the "King of Sarcasm". Frusciante approached the guitar line present in "Scar Tissue" as an attempt to use two notes that are played far apart, but produce a "cool rhythm". He had explored this technique on his first solo album, 1994's Niandra LaDes and Usually Just a T-Shirt. Frusciante considers "Scar Tissue" to be a "very simple example of the technique, but I think it's a style that sounds like me". The guitarist made use of slide guitar-playing for the solos in the song. "Emit Remmus" was inspired by Kiedis' brief relationship with Melanie C of the Spice Girls.

Paragraph 25: Pitchfork contributor Jason Heller said "Wraithlike vocals and numbed melodies hanging over pinprick prog fretwork... The pulse of ethereal '70s rock – from Pink Floyd to Hawkwind's more celestial moments... Dual vocal lines emanate from some unseen place, sometimes braided together in a conjoined plea for connection... Heartbreakingly beautiful." Kim Kelly of Noisey music by Vice said "Landless is a tour-de-force... out-there progression, ethereal atmosphere, and unexpected harmonies." Natalie Zina Walschots of Exclaim writes "Eight Bells have created a veritable monument to yearning... Breathless, imbalanced genius." BrooklynVegan staffer Rob Sperry-Fromm says "There's a classical doom feel... wedded to a modern sense of progressiveness, with reverb-y harmonies and organ melding creating a vivid contrast with the driving, powerful drumming of new member Rae Amitay." According to the Invisible Oranges staff, "[Melynda] Jackson's chiming and piercing guitar tone evokes The Edge's celebratory playing style. She and [Haley] Westeiner employ two-part harmonies, the sort often used in medieval choir music... Their jagged, sometimes Slint-like approach to songwriting, and their assonant sining make their songs obscure... I find myself obsessed with the surface of Eight Bells' music, curious what lies beneath." MetalSucks Senior Editor Anso DF says "Another time and dimension... where Ulver and Ihsahn are Pink Floyd's precedents, where lyrics can trade mind-travels for centuries-ago suffering..." Walker MacMurdo at the Willamette Week writes, "Soaring, clean vocals punching through an aura of swirling melancholy... Landless sounds like a strong contender – Portland or otherwise – for the best metal album of the usually slow first quarter of 2016." According to loudwire.com, Landless is ”An exercise in sonic dreamscapes... Unpredictable from moment to moment, Landless is an exciting listen." Allen Griffin at Burning Ambulance says ”Like any great trio, each instrument is equally important to the overall architecture of the sound... Eight Bells is much more than the sum of their parts. Eight Bells have crafted a unique sound, one that is thematically consistent, from lyrics to artwork and sonic palette as well." According to Echoes and Dust writer Peter Meinertzhagen, "Landless drifts like an ethereal mist, enveloping you slowly... Eight Bells shrug off the meandering bluesy psychedelia of their debut in favor of a sound that is darker, more mature, and more atmospheric, sounding less like a jam and more like a crafted narrative." Manny-O-War at Nine Circles says "It takes special talent and songwriting to grab the listener with what's not there; to entice the listener with merely the mood or emotion of your music. Eight Bells are experts here... The perfect combination of Brian Eno, Ulver and King Crimson." Brian Krasman of Meat Mead Metal writes "From the progressive sections, to the enthralling arrangements, to the lush vocal harmonies that push the story, to the propulsive drumming, this group create weaving, winding tapestries that are melodic, dark, hypnotic... This is an adventure."

Paragraph 26: As the 1992 Copa CONMEBOL winner, Atlético Mineiro qualified for the following year's edition of the competition, and for the 1993 edition of the Copa de Oro, a new tournament organised by CONMEBOL, contested between the winners of all the continental competitions of the previous year: Copa Libertadores, Copa CONMEBOL, Supercopa Libertadores, and Copa Master de Supercopa. In the Copa de Oro, Atlético faced its biggest rivals Cruzeiro in the semi-final, played as a single match at the Mineirão, the home stadium for both clubs, in front of a crowd of both teams' fans. The game ended 0–0, and Atlético advanced to its second continental finals after winning a penalty shootout by 5–4. The team faced the Boca Juniors in the finals, and finished as runner-up after drawing the first leg 0–0 at the Mineirão, and losing the second 1–0 at La Bombonera. In the Copa CONMEBOL, Atlético again eliminated Fluminense in the first round (this time in a penalty shootout), and defeated Peru's Sipesa in the quarter-finals with an aggregate score of 2–1. Atlético club was eliminated in the semi-finals by Botafogo, the eventual winner of the tournament, after winning the first leg 3–1 at home, but losing the second 3–0.Absent from continental football for one season, Atlético Mineiro returned to the Copa CONMEBOL in the 1995 edition, qualifying after finishing fourth in the 1994 Brasileiro. The team eliminated Brazil's Guarani in the first stage with an aggregate score of 2–1, before defeating Venezuelan club Mineros de Guayana, with a club record home (6–0) and aggregate (10–0) win scores. In the semi-finals, Atlético faced Colombia's América de Cali, and advanced after winning a penalty shootout by 4–3, following a 4–3 away defeat, and a 1–0 home win. In its second Copa CONMEBOL final, Atlético faced Argentine side Rosario Central, and secured a significant advantage in the series with a 4–0 win at the Mineirão. However, in the second leg of the finals played in the Gigante de Arroyito, Atlético suffered a shocking 4–0 defeat, with a goal scored by Rosario at the 87th minute. The title was decided on penalties, with a 4–3 score favouring Central. In the following year, Atlético took part in the Copa Master de CONMEBOL, a single-edition competition contested in Cuiabá between the past winners of the Copa CONMEBOL: Atlético, Botafogo, São Paulo, and Rosario Central. Only a few months after the previous year's defeat, Atlético faced Central again, this time winning 10–9 on penalties after a 0–0 draw. Atlético lost to São Paulo 3–0 in the final match, played at the Verdão.

Paragraph 27: "Sacred to the memory of Richard Kane laid to rest at the citadel of the Balearic island of Menorca named for Saint Philip, who was born on December 20, 1666, at Duneane in County Antrim. In 1689, he served his military apprenticeship in the famous siege of Derry, whereafter, under William III of blessed memory, he continued in armed service both at home, until the subjugation of all Ireland, and abroad, in Flanders, at great risk of life, not least by reason of a grave wound received at the siege of Namur. In 1702, when war broke out afresh in the reign of Queen Anne, again he campaigned in Belgium before joining the expedition to Canada. In 1712, under the renowned Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, and later under Baron Carpenter, he acted as civil governor of Menorca where, capably undertaking all tasks, both civil and military, and in command of army and navy alike, he planned, ordered and maintained everything that was necessary, expedient or beneficial for the preservation of the island, in war and in peace, on sea and on land, and also had paved, fortified and adorned a truly royal road throughout the length of an island hitherto impassable. In 1720, at the behest of George I, he crossed from Mahon to Gibraltar and thwarted an attack by the Spaniards who planned to take it by surprise. In 1725, he returned to the same scene of action for eighteen months and, when the enemy laid the Peninsula under heavy siege, quashed their every hope of taking it. After this sequence of sterling achievements as Lieutenant Governor in 1733 at the command of George II neither by his own seeking nor with prior knowledge, as with his other offices wheresoever held, he was elevated to the supreme command in Menorca. But oh, oh, how uncertain is the life of man! He who under four sovereigns had borne arms with the greatest shrewdness, courage and dignity, who had served God with all his heart and played the role not less of a Christian than of a good soldier, of pure faith and old-fashioned courtesy, dear to his friends, amiable to his associates, affable to his people, kind and generous to all, and in all things concerned more for the public good than for his own, left an island that was both British and Spanish sadly mourning his loss and in his seventy sixth year on December 19, 1736, breathed his last."

Paragraph 28: In 1760, Sidi Mohammed witnessed a revolt by the Wadaya against his authority, who had supported his father. Sidi Mohammed then marched with an army to Fes where he defeated the Wadaya contingents and arrested their leaders. After this, the Wadaya were split up and were garrisoned in Meknes instead. Later in 1775, he tried to distance the 'Abid al-Bukhari from power by ordering their transfer from Meknes to Tangier in the north. The 'Abid resisted him and attempted to proclaim his son Yazid as sultan, but the latter soon changed his mind and was reconciled with his father. After, Sidi Mohammed dispersed the 'Abid contingents to garrisons in Tangier, Larache, Rabat, Marrakesh and the Sus, where they continued to cause trouble until 1782. These disturbances were compounded by drought and severe famine between 1776 and 1782 and an outbreak of plague between 1779 and 1780, which killed many Moroccans and forced the sultan to import wheat, reduce taxes, and distribute food and funds to locals and tribal leaders in order to alleviate the suffering. By now, however, the improved authority of the sultan allowed the central government to weather these difficulties and crises. He was interested in scholarly pursuits and also cultivated a productive relationship with the ulama, or Muslim religious scholars, who supported some of his initiatives and reforms.

Paragraph 29: Dustin Hoffman's Benjamin Braddock drinks an Olympia beer in The Graduate (1967). Paul Newman drinks Olympia in the movie, Sometimes a Great Notion (1970). Nearly the entire cast, including Marvin Gaye drinks Olympia bottles, stubbies, cans and tall boys, in Chrome and Hot Leather (1971). A neon sign advertising Olympia beer can be seen in the window of the liquor store in American Graffiti (1973). Clint Eastwood promoted the brand in several popular films, including Magnum Force (1973), Thunderbolt and Lightfoot (1974), The Eiger Sanction (1975), Every Which Way but Loose (1978) (in which his orangutan Clyde also indulges), and Oly is seen in Any Which Way You Can (1980). The werewolves of "The Colony" in 1980's The Howling drink Oly, as do Farmer Vincent and his family in Motel Hell, and Rebecca Balding is seen drinking Olympia in bed in Silent Scream, also from that year. The Blues Brothers Band drinks $300 worth of Olympia in 'Bob's Country Bunker' tavern in The Blues Brothers (1980) John Denver drinks an Olympia in "Oh, God!" (1977). Signage and cans being consumed are also easily visible in The China Syndrome (1979). The brand was also featured in the movie Friday the 13th Part III (1982) and Airport 1975 (1974). A neon light Olympia Beer sign can be seen in the roadhouse bar in the vampire cult-classic Near Dark (1987) and in the Matt Damon film Promised Land (2012). In the independent B-movie Clawed: The Legend of Sasquatch (2005), the teen-age campers and the adult hunters were drinking the brand. Josh Brolin's George W. Bush drinks a barely recognizable bottle of Olympia beer in W. (2008). Bill Hader's character drinks several cans of Olympia Beer in The To Do List (2013). Many of the characters in The Hollywood Knights drink Olympia beer in stubby bottles. It can also be seen in the 1983 American horror/thriller film Cujo.  Olympia Beer is also being drank by Tommy Lee Jones in A Coal Miners Daughter.

Paragraph 30: Inkoo Kang of The Washington Post stated, "Murphy and Falchuk have created a supercharged version of their own show with the spinoff “American Horror Stories,” which debuted last week on FX on Hulu. The series, which will feature new stories with each episode (rather than every season), is off to a promising start with “Rubber(wo)Man,” its two-part premiere. Set in the “Murder House” where the first iteration of “American Horror Story” took place, the definitely lower-budget but winkingly fun episodes channel the juiciest elements of that season, a barbed sendup of Los Angeles narcissism with a love-hate relationship to Old Hollywood and a deliberately queasy teen romance fueling the bloody antics." Phil Owen of TheWrap asserted, "There’s a pattern we’ve seen play out with “American Horror Story” during each of the past several seasons: A compelling start, followed by a steady decline into incoherence. The process has been speeding up — “AHS: 1984,” the most recent season, was off the rails by the midway point. This is the double-edged sword of the Ryan Murphy brand. The shows under his umbrella are loud, boisterous, audacious, hilarious, intense — and generally just not like other shows. While that uniqueness and that tonally erratic signature is the reason we watch this stuff, it also makes it easier for things to get out of control because it's really tough to balance all those moods “American Horror Stories,” which is streaming only through FX on Hulu, provides what feels like the perfect solution to that problem, by keeping its stories bite-sized. Yes, the two stories we’ve gotten so far have each followed the “AHS” pattern — the compelling initial premise that leads to an off-the-rails conclusion — but they don't wear out their welcome." Erin Maxwell of LA Weekly said, "American Horror Stories is about mayhem and monsters and the blood of the innocent. It's about everything and anything Ryan Murphy can do with the color red, in fact. In Murphy's world, mutilated penises and latex-adorned serial killers are a dime a dozen, even if coherent stories are not. If you're a fan of the series and the deranged universe it inhabits, well, good news! All of those elements remain intact, sans the meandering narratives that seemed to stretch into eternity, and made a lot of us give up on past seasons. American Horror Stories is a gruesome, gross-out trip that will leave viewers with an uneasy feeling of terror – a perfect addition to the AHS universe."