Paragraph 1: I wrote the initial idea for 'One Sweet Day' with Walter, and I had the chorus...and I stopped and said, 'I really wanna do this with Boyz II Men,' because...obviously I'm a big fan of theirs and I just thought that the work was crying out for them, the vocals that they do, so I put it away and said, 'Who knows if this could ever happen, but I just don't wanna finish this song because I want it to be our song if we ever do it together. [The] whole idea of when you lose people that are close to you, it changes your life and changes your perspective. When they came into the studio, I played them the idea for the song and when [it] was finished, they looked at each other, a bit stunned, and told me that Nathan "Nate" Morris had written a song for his road manager who had passed away. It had basically the same lyrics and fitted over the same chord changes. It was really, really weird, we finished the song right then and there. We were all kinda flipped about it ourselves. Fate had a lot to do with that. I know some people won't believe it, but we wouldn't make up such a crazy story.

Paragraph 2: The U.S. estimated that as many as 25,000 Americans citizens were in Lebanon, but the number finally evacuated was approximately 15,000. After hostilities began on July 12, 2006, media reports hinted that U.S. Navy ships from the Iwo Jima Expeditionary Strike Group could be moved from exercises in the Red Sea to an offshore position in Lebanon. Shortly after, the U.S. announced and began executing a plan to evacuate its nationals using military assets, as well as a chartered cruise ship, the Orient Queen, under guard by the destroyers Gonzalez (DDG 66) and Barry (DDG 52). According to Joint Task Force Lebanon/Task Force 59 spokesperson Navy Commander Darryn C. James, since hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah militants began on July 12, 2006, the "sea bridge" and "air bridge" provided by U.S. Central Command and U.S. European Command assets helped nearly 15,000 American citizens safely depart Lebanon—one of the largest evacuations in U.S. military history. Dubbed Operation "Strengthen Hope," Department of Defense (DoD) assets such as HSV-2 Swift were also instrumental in assisting in the distribution of millions of dollars (of a U.S. pledged 230 million) in humanitarian aid to the Lebanese people. Task Force 59 personnel, led by Marine Corps Brigadier General Carl B. Jensen, were the first to arrive in the "joint operation area" (JOA) region on July 16 where DoD assets evacuated 21 American citizens out of Beirut by helicopter on the first day. On July 21, DoD assets moved more than 3,000 people and brought the total of American citizens evacuated that week to more than 6,000. Sailors and Marines from the Iwo Jima (LHD 7) Expeditionary Strike Group (ESG) including Nashville (LPD 13), Whidbey Island (LSD 41), Trenton (LPD 14) and the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit (24th MEU) arrived on station July 20 and began using utility landing craft (LCU) to safely transport American citizens wishing to depart Lebanon to avoid the hostilities. By July 24, more than 12,000 American citizens had been pulled out of Lebanon. Most of the American citizens were transported to the island nation of Cyprus. The transfer in military responsibility to the organization that would become JTF Lebanon led by Navy Vice Admiral John "Boomer" Stufflebeem, continued the DoD mission to protect American citizens, support the American Embassy in Beirut, assist the people of Lebanon through humanitarian aid, and help the multinational effort to provide lasting regional stability.

Paragraph 3: In the early 1980s, Jackie Chan began experimenting with elaborate stunt action sequences in films such as The Young Master (1980) and especially Dragon Lord (1982), which featured a pyramid fight scene that holds the record for the most takes required for a single scene, with 2900 takes, and the final fight scene in which he performs various stunts, including one where he does a back flip off a loft and falls to the lower ground. By 1983, Chan branched out into action films which, though they still used martial arts, were less limited in scope, setting and plot, with an emphasis on elaborate yet dangerous stunt sequences. His first film in this vein, Project A (1983), saw the official formation of the Jackie Chan Stunt Team and added elaborate, dangerous stunts to the fights and typical slapstick humor (at one point, Chan falls from the top of a clock tower through a series of fabric canopies). The new formula helped Project A gross over  in Hong Kong, and significantly more in other Asian countries such as Japan, where it grossed  and became one of the highest-grossing films of 1984. Winners and Sinners (1983) also featured an elaborate action sequence that involves Chan skating along a busy high road, including a risky stunt where he slides under a truck.

Paragraph 4: In the summer of 2005, Popham returned to Wales, signing for the Scarlets as a replacement for the retiring Scott Quinnell after being released from his Leeds contract early. He played in 24 of the Scarlets' first 26 games of the season before suffering an injury early in the 36–17 win over the Dragons on 22 April that saw him miss the next two matches. He scored his first try for the Scarlets in their 15–13 win over Edinburgh Gunners in the Heineken Cup. His second Scarlets try came in the return fixture against Edinburgh, but it was not enough to prevent a 33–32 defeat that eliminated the Scarlets from the competition. In February 2006, the Scarlets appealed to the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) for the release of some of their key players, including Popham, from the Wales squad involved in the 2006 Six Nations for their Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-final tie with Bath on 4 March. The Scarlets won 27–26 at the Millennium Stadium, with Popham giving a man-of-the-match performance to reach his second straight Powergen Cup final. Less than a minute into the final, Popham collided with Wasps flanker Johnny O'Connor, who was knocked out and had to be stretchered off, having suffered a spinal concussion. Despite Wasps having to make an early change and also being temporarily reduced to 14 men during the first half, the Scarlets lost the match 26–10. On 9 May 2006, Popham scored both of the Scarlets' tries in an 18–6 win over Munster. The following weekend, he was sent off in the Scarlets' 17–10 loss to Glasgow Warriors; after initially being sin-binned for a high tackle in the first half, he received a second yellow card for his reaction to a decision by referee George Clancy, ruling him out of the Scarlets' final game of the season and putting his eligibility for Wales' tour to Argentina in doubt. Before the end of his first season there, Popham signed a contract extension with the Scarlets, keeping him at the region until the end of the 2008–09 season.

Paragraph 5: Chol played his first match for 2020 in the opening round of the AFL pre-season series, but was dropped back to reserves level for the second and final match following the return of the club's premier tall forwards, Jack Riewoldt and Tom Lynch, from State of Origin duties. Instead, he participated in a VFL practice match in the first week of March, which was to be his final competitive match in many months as the following week's reserves match was cancelled due to safety concerns as a result of the rapid progression of the COVID-19 pandemic into Australia. Though the AFL season would start on schedule later that month, just one round of matches was played of the reduced 17-round season before the imposition of state border restrictions saw the season suspended for an indefinite period. When the season resumed after an 11-week hiatus, Chol played in an unofficial scratch match against 's reserves due to AFL clubs' withdrawal from the VFL season. After two more scratch matches at reserves level including a five-goal haul against 's reserves, Chol was selected for an AFL recall in the club's round 5 win over . He continued to earn AFL selection over coming weeks, including after the club was relocated to the Gold Coast in response to a virus outbreak in Melbourne. Chol kicked two goals against  in round 7 and added another in round 9's win over the . He featured in each of the club's next four matches, including with two goals against  in round 12 and a goal in round 13's Dreamtime in Darwin win over . He was omitted from the club's round 14 side however, overlooked in place of returning ruck Toby Nankervis. Chol spent three rounds out of the side before earning an AFL recall following a five goal showing in a mid-September practice match against the  reserves. He played a dual role as ruck and forward in the round 18 win over , filling roles left by injured duo Ivan Soldo and Tom Lynch. Chol held his spot and played his first finals match in the first week of October, contributing seven disposals and nine hitouts in a qualifying final loss to the . It was to be his last match of the season however, with Lynch returning from injury for the club's semi-final and Chol relegated to emergency status for each of the three remaining finals in the club's premiership run. He finished the season having played 11 of a possible 21 matches, kicking a total of eight goals.

Paragraph 6: For decades the Conservatives were split on India between die-hard imperialists (led by Churchill) and moderate elements who tried to provide limited local control.  Meanwhile, the small Labour minority in Parliament was sympathetic to the Congress movement led by Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharial Nehru. Decolonisation was never a major election issue; Labour was not officially in favour of decolonisation when it was elected in 1945. With violence escalating in India after the war, but with British financial power at a low ebb, large-scale military involvement was impossible. The Viceroy of India warned he needed a further seven army divisions to prevent communal violence if independence negotiations failed. None were available, so political restructuring was accelerated. The Labour government gave independence to India and Pakistan in an unexpectedly quick move in 1947.  One recent historian and Conservative party sympathiser Andrew Roberts says the independence of India was a "national humiliation" but it was necessitated by urgent financial, administrative, strategic and political needs.  Whereas Churchill in 1940–45 had tightened the hold on India and imprisoned the Congress leadership, Labour had looked forward to making it a fully independent dominion like Canada or Australia. Many of the Congress leaders in India had studied in England, and were highly regarded as fellow idealistic socialists by Labour leaders. Attlee was the Labour expert on India and took special charge of decolonization.  Attlee found that Churchill's viceroy, Field Marshal Archibald Wavell, was too imperialistic, too keen on military solutions (he wanted seven more Army divisions) and too neglectful of Indian political alignments. The new Viceroy was Lord Mountbatten, the dashing war hero and a cousin of King George VI. The boundary between the newly created states of Pakistan and India involved the widespread resettlement of millions of Muslims and Hindus (and many Sikhs). Extreme violence ensued when Punjab and Bengal provinces were split. Historian Yasmin Khan estimates that between a half-million and a million men, women and children were killed. Gandhi himself was assassinated by a Hindu activist in January 1948.  Popular and elite opinion in Britain at the time did not view Indian independence as a humiliation but as a successful completion of a process long underway, and strongly supported by Labour and indeed most of the conservative party as well. A major reason that Churchill was in the wilderness during the 1930s was his refusal to support the Conservative position in favor of independence for India. Independence strengthened the Commonwealth of Nations, and had a valuable impact on the British economy, with large sums transferring back and forth, as well as fresh migrants arriving from India. In sharp contrast, France felt humiliated by its loss of its colonial empire, especially Algeria and Vietnam. The success  in India encouraged and embolden the development programs of ambitious young British colonial officials in Africa and the rest of Asia.

Paragraph 7: "Manchuria" is a translation of the Japanese word Manshū (满洲), which dates from the 19th century. The name Manju (Manzhou) was invented and given to the Jurchen people by Hong Taiji in 1635 as a new name for their ethnic group, however, the name "Manchuria" was never used by the Manchus or the Qing dynasty itself to refer to their homeland. According to the Japanese scholar Junko Miyawaki-Okada, the Japanese geographer Takahashi Kageyasu was the first to use the term (满洲, Manshū) as a place-name in 1809 in the Nippon Henkai Ryakuzu, and it was from that work where Westerners adopted the name. According to Mark C. Elliott, Katsuragawa Hoshū's 1794 work, the  "Hokusa bunryaku", was where the term "Manshū" first appeared as a place name was in two maps included in the work, "Ashia zenzu" and "Chikyū hankyū sōzu" which were also created by Katsuragawa. "Manshū" then began to appear as a place names in more maps created by Japanese like Kondi Jūzō, Takahashi Kageyasu, Baba Sadayoshi and Yamada Ren, and these maps were brought to Europe by the Dutch Philipp von Siebold. According to Nakami Tatsuo, Philip Franz von Siebold was the one who brought the usage of the term Manchuria to Europeans, after borrowing it from the Japanese, who were the first to use it in a geographic manner in the eighteenth century, while neither the Manchu nor Chinese languages had a term in their own language equivalent to "Manchuria" as a geographic place name. According to , it was Europeans who first started using Manchuria as a name to refer to the location and it is "not a genuine geographic term." The historian Gavan McCormack agreed with Robert H. G. Lee's statement that "The term Manchuria or Man-chou is a modern creation used mainly by westerners and Japanese.", with McCormack writing that the term Manchuria is imperialistic in nature and has no "precise meaning", since the Japanese deliberately promoted the use of "Manchuria" as a geographic name to promote its separation from China while they were setting up their puppet state of Manchukuo. The Japanese had their own motive for deliberately spreading the usage of the term Manchuria. The historian Norman Smith wrote that "The term "Manchuria" is controversial". Professor Mariko Asano Tamanoi said that she "should use the term in quotation marks", when referring to Manchuria. Herbert Giles wrote that "Manchuria" was unknown to the Manchus themselves as a geographical expression; In his 2012 dissertation on the Jurchen people Professor Chad D. Garcia noted that usage of the term "Manchuria" is out of favor in "currently scholarly practice" and he did away with using the term, using instead "the northeast" or referring to specific geographical features.

Paragraph 8: The Durance is  long from its source at the foot of Sommet des Anges, at  high, above Montgenèvre, to its confluence with the Rhône. However, a longer route is traced by the Clarée-Durance system with a length of . Its descent is unusually rapid at 81 m/km (165 ft/mi) in its first , then 15 m/km (30 ft/mi) to its confluence with the , and then still nearly 8 m/km (16 ft/mi) to the confluence with the Ubaye. This descent stays relatively steep after this confluence, then shallows to approximately 0.33% in its middle course (to the Mirabeau bridge), then 0.24% in its lower course. For comparison, at approximately  from its source, the Isère is at  altitude and the Durance at , which contributes partially to its fast-flowing nature, including in the lower part of the river. It drops  from its source to Mirabeau and approximately  from its source to the confluence with the Rhône.

Paragraph 9: Later on, he receives a call from Avogadro to participate in his interrogation of Buckmaster. During the interrogation, Buckmaster constantly defends himself, saying that he was drugged from the transtemporallism. Avogadro is shocked that Shadrach also attempts to defend Buckmaster, but more passively. However, in the end, Buckmaster is arrested on the basis of a faulty "I'll destroy him" while he was arguing with Shadrach at Karakorum. Shadrach then argues with Avogadro, saying that it was not justified to arrest a man he knew was innocent. However, Avogadro is apathetic to the plight of Buckmaster and even uses Shadrach's words at Karakorum against him that "guilt is a luxury we cannot afford". They both assume that Buckmaster is being sent to the Organ Farms, where his organs would be used to support the dictator.  The next day, Shadrach visits Genghis Mao, who speaks deliriously and even offers to make Shadrach pope in Rome. Shadrach infers that Genghis Mao has gone mad over the death of Mangu. That night, he goes to Karakorum with Katya Lindman, where they try dream-death, an experience where one is placed in a dream-like state and imagines death and the subsequent afterlife. Shadrach travels the afterlife realm with Katya in his dreams, and after enjoying themselves, to enters into a tranquil state before awaking. Katya reveals that she was having a different dream from him, one which was not as light-hearted as his. Then, they return home to rest, where Katya randomly and suddenly warns Shadrach to be careful. Nikki Crowfoot grows increasingly distant from him, and Shadrach is unable to discover why. He visits Genghis Mao and informs the dictator of an aneurysm he detected in the dictator's abdominal aorta. The news annoys Genghis Mao, since he is preparing a colossal funeral for Mangu which he refuses to delay. Shadrach has lunch with Katya, who reveals to him that, on the night before his death, she informed Mangu that he was chosen as the Avatar subject. Katya tells Shadrach that she did so only out of sympathy for Mangu, but Shadrach suspects that she wanted to kill the Avatar subject so that her project could supersede Nikki's and hopefully destroy her relationship with Shadrach so she could have him too. However, he soon realises that his suspicions contradict Katya's decision to reveal this information to him. Shadrach hopes to visit Nikki and after learning that she had fallen ill, makes the decision to visit her in her room. There, he pretends to examine her but subsequently asks about her project, to which she responds angrily, ranting about the setbacks in her work. As Shadrach leaves, he also reveals to Nikki that a member of Project Talos informed Mangu that he had been chosen as the Avatar subject, but he disguises it as a rumour. However, Nikki believes it and instantly suspects Katya Lindman to be the culprit. Later, Shadrach confesses to Katya what he had revealed to Nikki. Katya is disturbed at first, but soon informs Shadrach that he had been chosen as the next Avatar subject. Shadrach soon realises that that had to be the reason Nikki had chosen to distance herself from him. Katya advises Shadrach to make a plan of escape and also tells him not to trust Nikki anymore, since she must have agreed to continue her work despite the fact that he was chosen. The day of the aorta transplant arrives. During the surgeries, Shadrach thinks to himself that if he killed Genghis Mao on the operating table, Project Avatar would be finished. He muses about plans such as jostling Warhaftig's elbow or feeding them misleading information, but resolves not to.

Paragraph 10: Guarani Football Club was founded on April 1, 1911, in the city of Campinas, São Paulo, as Guarany Foot-Ball Club, by the initiative of 12 students from the Gymnasio do Estado (now Culto à Ciência). The students, including Pompeo de Vito, Hernani Felippo Matallo and Vicente Matallo, usually played football at Praça Carlos Gomes. Vicente Matallo became Guarani's first president. Guarani was named after maestro Antônio Carlos Gomes' opera "Il Guarany". Antônio Carlos Gomes was born in Campinas, Brazil, and is one of the most distinguished nineteenth century classical composers. Guarani was officially founded on April 1, 1911, but to avoid April Fools' Day jokes by supporters of rival teams, the directors of Guarani changed the official foundation date to April 2, 1911.

Paragraph 11: About 475,000 people reside within a  radius, with the town itself holding a population of around 30,000. Tzaneen is today a proud home of both the Tsonga and Bapedi. Approximately 225,000 Bapedi Tribes of Balobedu ba ga Modjadji, BaNareng ba ga sekororo, Batlou ba ga makgoba, Bathlabine ba ga mogoboya, BaKgaga ba maake, Bakgaga ba maupa and Babirwa ba ga Raphahlelo, phooko and Bakoni ba mametja call Tzaneen their home. Equally so, approximately 220,000 Tsonga  tribes of Shiluvane-Nkuna tribe Hosi Muhlaba-Shiluvane (132,000 people/subjects) and Valoyi tribe under Hosi Nwamitwa-Valoyi (91,000 people/subjects) make the same claim that Tzaneen is also their native land, thereby making the Tsonga-Bapedi ratio at Tzaneen a 50:50 outcome. Both the Tsonga nation and Bapedi Nation communities go beyond Tzaneen and are also found in large numbers in nearby towns of Bushbuckridge and Hazyview respectively, which are  south-east of Tzaneen and they also live peacefully with one another in this part of the Lowveld. The White population is around 25,000, which consists mainly the Afrikaner people and a very small minority of English, Portuguese, Scottish, Irish,  and German. The Afrikaner people constitute more than 90% of the white population in Tzaneen. The distance from Tzaneen to Johannesburg is approximately .

Paragraph 12: LaBarba began boxing around age 12 or 13 in little amateur cards held weekly at places such as the Elks Club, which were promoted by Carlo Curtiss, who had been one of World Heavyweight Champion Jess Willard's managers. "Sometimes we would have nude women at these events," he said. The first known mention of "Young Fidel" is September 17, 1920, by the Los Angeles Times, announcing a boxing/wrestling show at the Italian picnic the next day at Selig Zoo where his opponent was to be "Battling Bennie", newsboy like Fidel. Eventually, Central Junior High School boxing instructor Bob Howard saw his potential. According to an interview published January 28, 1927 in some United States newspapers, LaBarba mentioned that he defeated a boy named Dave Mariney (a.k.a. Marini) for the high school championship. Based upon this win, his friends suggested he join the amateurs, which he did. By this, he likely meant he joined the A.A.U. Fidel found it ironic that his first "official" amateur opponent was none other than Dave Mariney. This was at a semi-monthly boxing show sponsored by the Los Angeles Athletic Club (L.A.A.C). "It looked like a crime to match the two," reported the Los Angeles Times November 4, 1920. LaBarba was about four feet tall, and his opponent a foot and a half taller. "But LaBarba soon showed he knew how to take care of himself."

Paragraph 13: Although not related to them, Cinna shared the surname (cognomen) of the high noble (consular) aristocratic house Cornelii Cinnae, relatives by marriage of the famous Caesar. According to Suetonius, Valerius Maximus, Appian and Dio Cassius, at Julius Caesar's funeral in 44 BC, a certain Helvius Cinna was killed because he was mistaken for Cornelius Cinna, the conspirator. The last three writers mentioned above add that he was a tribune of the people, while Plutarch, referring to the affair, gives the further information that the Cinna who was killed by the mob was a poet. This points to the identity of Helvius Cinna the tribune with Helvius Cinna the poet.

Paragraph 14: On the start of the monsoon, the project gets suspended and the daily wage workers are left without jobs. Naik and Palegar declare that they will take care of everyone without a job by taking them to the city and keeping them in their homes. They convince the project owner and a reluctant Purushottham to make the people go with them to the city. Naik takes the entire group to his house while Palegar takes Belli to his house. Naik's family refuses to acknowledge him and the people while he innocently makes them settle in his house. His father, brother and sister in law walk out of the house in a huff but his mother takes his side and appreciates his choice of a fiancé in Parvathi. Meanwhile, Palegar's father has been made the chairman of a disabled institution. He ironically refuses to accept his son marrying a blind girl and throws both of them out. Naik tries to convince Dalavayee to take Roopli back but Dalavayee's marriage has been fixed to a rich man's daughter who has promised him an imported car as a gift. However, the plight of Roopli and the people he stayed with makes him change his mind and he decides to convince his parents. Naik takes Palegar and Belli and returns to his house to find that all his guests have been thrown out by his family with a warning that the police will be called in case they try to reenter the house. Naik storms in and fights with his father, brother and sister in law while his mother remains a mute spectator. Dalavayee tries to reason with his parents about accepting Roopli as his wife but his parents, disappointed that they will not be getting the assured gifts from his arranged marriage disinherit him and throw him out at gunpoint. Roopli tries to make him leave her and go back to his parents but he rushes back in and shoots them with the same gun. He then tells Roopli to enjoy the few moments they have together before he gets arrested. At Naik's house, his family makes it clear that they want nothing to do with him or his group with the exception of his mother who declares that she is proud of him for his ideals, but goes back inside eventually. The police are called and in the melee that follows, Palegar goes after a running Belli to fall under a speeding truck. He dies after voicing his last wish to have his eyes donated to Belli and requesting Naik to make her see the good that the world has to offer. Naik, who is visibly crushed, cradles the head of his dead friend and questions aloud as to why is god being so cruel with them to which a disembodied voice replies that God is not cruel. It is the society instead, who is cruel, having made divisions based on caste, status, language and other differences. The movie ends with the voice saying that these forces in the society have made people forget about the true purpose of life, happiness.

Paragraph 15: Two-photon excitation fluorescence microscopy has similarities to other confocal laser microscopy techniques such as laser scanning confocal microscopy and Raman microscopy. These techniques use focused laser beams scanned in a raster pattern to generate images, and both have an optical sectioning effect. Unlike confocal microscopes, multiphoton microscopes do not contain pinhole apertures that give confocal microscopes their optical sectioning quality. The optical sectioning produced by multiphoton microscopes is a result of the point spread function of the excitation: the multiphoton point spread function is typically dumbbell-shaped (longer in the x-y plane), compared to the upright rugby-ball shaped point spread function of confocal microscopes. The concept of two-photon excitation is based on the idea that two photons, of comparably lower photon energy than needed for one photon excitation, can also excite a fluorophore in one quantum event. Each photon carries approximately half the energy necessary to excite the molecule. Excitation results in the subsequent emission of a fluorescence photon with the same quantum yield that would result from conventional single-photon absorption. The emitted photon is typically at a higher energy (shorter wavelength) than either of the two exciting photons. The probability of the near-simultaneous absorption of two photons is extremely low. Therefore, a high peak flux of excitation photons is typically required, usually generated by femtosecond pulsed laser. The purpose of employing the two-photon effect is that the axial spread of the point spread function is substantially lower than for single-photon excitation. As a result, the extent along the z dimension is improved, allowing for thin optical sections to be cut. In addition, in many interesting cases the shape of the spot and its size can be designed to realize specific desired goals. The longer wavelength, lower energy (typically infrared) excitation lasers of multiphoton microscopes are well-suited to use in imaging live cells as they cause less damage than the short-wavelength lasers typically used for single-photon excitation, so cells may be observed for longer periods with fewer toxic effects.

Paragraph 16: At the ECW premier pay-per-view event Barely Legal, Sandman wrestled a three-way dance with Terry Funk and Stevie Richards, for a shot at the ECW title later that night, but fell short of the title. In the summer of 1997, the Sandman began a long feud with Sabu. Although he was too injured to compete at Hardcore Heaven 1997, Sandman got involved in a skirmish with Rob Van Damn and Sabu who then brutalized him to the point of hospitalization, however, he returned later that evening to interference in the main event by assaulting Sabu, leading to Sabu's elimination, costing Sabu the ECW title. In September of that year at As Good as It Gets, Sabu badly burned the Sandman in a scheduled contest between the two. The damage to Sandman from the burn was considered so bad that the match was discontinued. As a result, Sandman was out of action until he once again attacked Van Dam and Sabu in the ring that November, earning a measure of revenge on Sabu. This led to their match at the November to Remember pay per view, which was promoted as a major cornerstone and culmination of all the events that year. In the match, Sandman dodged an attempt by Sabu to burn him, however Sabu went on to win the match. Over the next few months, they competed in high profile specialty matches such as ladder matches, table matches, and a dueling cane match. In one of the most notable examples, the Sandman fought Sabu in the 1st ever "stairway to hell" match involving tables ladders chairs and barbwire, which is especially noteworthy because no barb wire matches had been scheduled in ECW since after barb wire ripped open Sabu's bicep and required over 100 stitches in August 1997. The stairway to hell match proved to be one of the most violent in ECW history, coincidentally Sabu broke his jaw when missing a dive onto Sandman and inadvertently hit the guard rail, but continued to fight. After suffering heavy damage, Sandman earned the victory by finally pinning Sabu after hitting him with a cane. However, it wasn't until almost two months later that their feud effectively came to an end at Living Dangerously 1998. This match was heavily promoted and designated the penultimate which featured a dueling canes gimmick. During the match, the combination of Rob Van Dam and Sabu turned out to be too much for the Sandman, which led to him losing the contest.

Paragraph 17: The co-main event was for the NXT Women's Championship, contested between champion Sasha Banks and challenger Bayley. It was described as the "arrogant and ultra-talented champ" taking on the "lovable ... ultimate underdog" by The Baltimore Sun. This was the culmination of a rivalry between the duo and a long storyline for Bayley which began over two years prior. In June 2013, both Bayley (debuting an innocent character) and Banks participated in the tournament to crown the first NXT Women's Champion, but both were eliminated in the first round. Banks aligned herself with Summer Rae that September to form "The BFFs." She then changed her gimmick to "The Boss", while Bayley aligned herself with Charlotte. Despite Rae and Banks attempting to persuade Bayley to join their alliance, it was Charlotte who turned on Bayley in November to join The BFFs. In early 2014, Bayley, now backed up by Natalya, scored multiple wins over Banks while feuding with The BFFs, but Banks defeated Bayley in May during the first round of a tournament for the vacant NXT Women's Championship. In July, The BFFs disbanded, and Bayley failed to defeat Rae for a title shot. Bayley finally became the number one contender for the title by beating Banks in August, only to lose to champion Charlotte at TakeOver: Fatal 4-Way in September, and again in a title rematch the next month. After the first match, Charlotte saved Bayley from an attack by Banks; after the second, the duo shook hands. In October 2014, Bayley's friend Becky Lynch turned on her to join Sasha Banks, so Bayley again allied with Charlotte to feud against Banks and Lynch. An attack by Banks and Lynch caused a storyline knee injury for Bayley in November, while Charlotte beat Banks at TakeOver: R Evolution to retain her title in December 2014. Bayley returned in January 2015, saving Charlotte from Banks and Lynch. Charlotte then snatched her title belt from Bayley, resulting in Bayley attacking her. This caused a fatal-four-way match to be set up between the four women at TakeOver: Rival. Banks won the match and the NXT Women's Championship. When Bayley refused to turn her back on her supporters despite her failings, Emma slapped her to start a feud in March 2015. In April, Becky Lynch beat Bayley and Charlotte in a triple threat match for a title shot. Bayley's woes continued when she lost to Emma in May, as well as being ruled out of action with a hand injury, for which she blamed Emma for. Meanwhile, Sasha Banks racked up successful title defenses in singles action with two against Charlotte, one against Alexa Bliss, and at TakeOver: Unstoppable, one against Becky Lynch. Bayley returned on the July 22 episode of NXT, where she defeated Emma and announced her championship aspirations, but first challenged Charlotte to prove her credentials. After Bayley defeated Charlotte on the August 5 episode of NXT, she earned a title shot by beating Becky Lynch the following week, earning a title match for Banks' NXT Women's Championship at TakeOver: Brooklyn.

Paragraph 18: Jules Bledsoe was born Julius Lorenzo Cobb Bledsoe to Henry L. and Jessie Cobb Bledsoe in Waco, Texas in 1898. When Bledsoe's parents split in 1899, Julius went with his mother to live with the Cobb family. During his youth Bledsoe attended Central Texas Academy from 1905 to 1914. After graduating as valedictorian he studied at Bishop College where he earned his B.A. in 1918. He then attended Virginia Union College from 1918 to 1919, where he was a member of ROTC, and finally Columbia University, where he studied medicine from 1920 to 1924. Throughout his time in school, he studied music under Claude Warford, Luigi Parisotti, and Lazar Samoiloff.

Paragraph 19: Cleaver began his undergraduate studies at Antioch College in 1962, graduating with a bachelor's degree in economics in 1967. At Antioch, Cleaver became involved in the American Civil Rights Movement and began his lifelong engagement with political activism. From 1964 to 1965, Cleaver studied abroad at the University of Montpellier where he engaged with the Union Nationale des Étudiants de France. In 1967, Cleaver enrolled at Stanford University to begin a PhD in economics. While at Stanford, Cleaver was active in the Anti-war Movement. As a student activist opposed to the Vietnam War, Cleaver protested the Stanford Research Institute's alleged connection to the United States Department of Defense, which became the impetus for his dissertation research into the connections between the Green Revolution and social engineering. Cleaver's frustrations with mainstream economic theory during this period in his studies led him to embrace Marxism.

Paragraph 20: Ultimate X-Men was the second comic to debut as part of the Ultimate Marvel line, predated a few months by Ultimate Spider-Man.  Mark Millar reinvented the X-Men with the first X-Men film (which debuted seven months before) as his only reference.  The plot of "The Tomorrow People" was what Millar had in mind for the first X-Men film, and "Return to Weapon X" would have been the plot to the sequel. As in the film, Millar's original X-Men consisted of telepath Professor X, Cyclops (whose eyes shoot concussive beams) telepath/telekinetic Jean Grey, weather-manipulating Storm, simian genius Beast, metal-skinned Colossus, and cryokinetic Iceman. In its first year, the series was the best-selling comic book of 2001.

Paragraph 21: The first Catholic parish church in New York City was St. Peter's on Barclay Street, the cornerstone of which was laid in 1785. By the early 19th century, the Jesuit rector of that church, Anthony Kohlmann, realized that the city's growing Catholic population needed both a second sanctuary and a cathedral for the first bishop, since the city had been made a see in 1808. The site he selected for the new church was being used as a cemetery for St. Peter's, and was well outside the settled area of the city, surrounded by farmland and the country houses of the rich. The architect chosen was Joseph-Francois Mangin, who had co-designed New York's City Hall with John McComb Jr., construction on which was ongoing when the cornerstone of St. Patrick's was laid on June 8, 1809. Construction took just under six years, with the sanctuary being dedicated on May 14, 1815. In that same year, John Connolly, an Irish Dominican friar, arrived to take office as the city's first resident bishop. The church, which was the largest in the city at the time it was built, now measures 120 by 80 feet and the inner vault is 85 feet high (37m x 24m x 26m).

Paragraph 22: The sculpture has been used as a backdrop in commercial films, notably in the 2006 Hollywood film The Break-Up, which had to reshoot several scenes because the sculpture was under cover for the initial filming. It is also prominently featured in the ending scene of Source Code. Director Duncan Jones felt the structure was a metaphor for the movie's subject matter and aimed for it to be shown at the beginning and end of the movie. The sculpture served as an aesthetic and symbolic setting for the 2012 film The Vow when the lead characters share a kiss under it. It also appears in the video to "Homecoming", a song by Chicago native Kanye West, featuring Chris Martin of the band Coldplay. The sculpture is also featured in the 2008 mumblecore film Nights and Weekends. It was also featured in the Bollywood film Dhoom 3 and the 2014 movie Transformers: Age of Extinction, the fourth installment in the Transformers series. A modified reproduction of Cloud Gate is also included in Watch Dogs, a video game released in 2014 that takes place in Chicago. Unlike the real sculpture, the in-game replica is a curved, white torus. A movement to Windex the Bean was started in 2017, gaining the attention of over thirty thousand people on Facebook. The event took place on November 15, 2017, because of a consensus that the Bean is dirty and needs to be cleaned.Cloud Gate plays a prominent role in Battle Ground, the 17th title in the Dresden Files urban fantasy novel series by Jim Butcher. In the Chicago of the novels, the sculpture was commissioned by Queen Mab, ruler of the Winter Court of Faerie, and proves to be hiding a large stockpile of armaments. Its placement by the Winter Court was in anticipation of a massive supernatural attack on the city of Chicago.

Paragraph 23: The first historically documented evidence of Fornaci goes back to approximately 1000AD. The ancient village took the name of Caterozzo, today just the name of one of the four districts of Fornaci. Probably the name comes from “cala” meaning water and “tur” meaning passage, which joined together means ford, describing the original swampy territory on which the first village rose, frequently flooded by the Serchio river. The population was constituted from farmers, fishermen and breeders of cattle who traded their products with the Versiliesi (traders from Versilia, the coastal region of Tuscany) in exchange for spices. A war between the citizens of Lucca and Pope Gregory IX (1230) caused the exodus of the population of Caterozzo and some of the nearby villages to the Apennine mountains. The activity of the "Caterozzo’s Furnaces" which took advantage of the rich deposits of clay, increased in the first half of the 15th century. The village was increasingly becoming, around the various brick-kilns, what would be the centre of today’s Fornaci vecchia. Ancient documents mention the castle of Catarozzo, a sign that the village was protected by castle walls, no trace of which remain today . Thanks to the "Furnaces of Caterozzo" families the pieve of Loppia, of which only the perimeter walls, the facade and the apse remained, was reconstructed and in 1522 was reopened to the faithful. As the village evolved its name changed to become the present one. Of the ancient brick-kilns only one survives to the present day, completely restored and transformed into a shopping centre. The main expansion of the village happened, however, during the first world war thanks to the building, in 1915, of a branch of Societa’ Metallurgica Italiana belonging to the Orlando Group, an ammunition factory that provided jobs to thousands of people. As a consequence many new houses had to be built for the workers, which resulted in the Fornaci of the present day. Today the factory has lost a large part of its original purpose and has become specialized in the working of copper and its alloys. In the first years of the present century, with the advent of the euro, the factory, today called KME Group, started to produce coins. Consequently the village is now called “Fornaci, the village where the euro is born”. These days the village has become enriched by many shops and has become the commercial centre of the Serchio valley and its Garfagnana neighbour.

Paragraph 24: The first game in the series originally launched for the Super NES, F-Zero was also the first game for the platform to use a technique that Nintendo called "Mode 7 Scrolling". When Mode 7 was combined with scaling and positioning of the layer on a scanline-by-scanline basis it could simulate 3D environments. Such techniques in games were considered to be revolutionary in a time when most console games were restricted to static/flat backgrounds and 2-dimensional (2D) objects. The result was developer Nintendo EAD creating a game that IGN reviewer Craig Harris called the fastest and smoothest pseudo-3D console racer of its time.F-Zero was one of the launch titles for the SNES that Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development had approximately fifteen months to develop completely. In Japan, only it and Super Mario World were initially available for launch. In North America and Europe, Super Mario World shipped with the console, and other initial titles included F-Zero, Pilotwings (which also demonstrated the console's "Mode 7" pseudo-3D rendering capability), SimCity, and Gradius III. F-Zero later had a sequel for the SNES that was canceled, but was released unfinished through the Satellaview peripheral under the name "BS F-Zero Grand Prix". Takaya Imamura, who worked directly on F-Zero throughout its different incarnations, said in 2003 "hav[ing] worked on the F-Zero series, and seeing the results of the collaboration with Sega, I found myself at something of a loss as to how we can take the franchise further past F-Zero GX and AX". 

Paragraph 25: Following Jeremy's eviction, the HouseGuests competed in the "Big Brother Royalty" Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were asked to determine which HouseGuest best fit a description based on how the viewers had voted in an online poll. A HouseGuest was eliminated for an incorrect answer, with the last HouseGuest remaining becoming the winner. Judd was the winner. In a twist this week, the viewers became the M.V.P. for the week and voted for the third nominee; the HouseGuests were not informed of this twist. On Day 29, HouseGuests competed in the "Funky Froyo" Have-Not competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were weighed before the start of the competition, and were then required to eat as much frozen yogurt as possible. The team that had gained the least amount of weight would become the Have-Nots for the week. The team of Andy, Candice, Jessie, and Spencer became the Have-Nots for the week. Much like the previous week, Amanda continued to campaign for Howard to be nominated and evicted, though Judd feared a girls alliance was in the house and opted to keep Howard safe. That same night, Judd nominated Aaryn and Kaitlin for eviction. Following this, GinaMarie, Howard, Judd, Kaitlin, and Spencer formed a new alliance in an attempt to go against Amanda, Elissa, Helen, and McCrae, who they felt were running the house. On Day 30, it was revealed that Elissa had been nominated for eviction by the viewers. When picking players for the Power of Veto competition, Helen and McCrae were selected to compete for the Power of Veto; Andy was selected to host. That same day, HouseGuests competed in the "Big Brother Election" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests dug through mud to find envelopes filled with "votes", and votes that were higher in value required HouseGuests to take punishments in exchange for points. The HouseGuest with the most points would be the winner. Elissa was the winner of the Power of Veto, while McCrae won a $5,000 prize. Helen, as a punishment, was required to be in bed early each night, while Judd had twenty-four hours in solitary confinement while being woken up by an alarm clock every nine minutes. Elissa, as part of another punishment, gave up the right to participate in the following Power of Veto competition. On Day 32, Elissa used the Power of Veto to remove herself from the block, with GinaMarie being nominated in her place. Though a plan was made to evict Kaitlin from the house, Elissa later informed Kaitlin of this and attempted to turn the house against Aaryn. Her attempts backfired, however, and led to a huge confrontation between Elissa and several other HouseGuests who soon lost their trust in her. On Day 35, Kaitlin became the fourth HouseGuest to be evicted from the house when she received nine eviction votes (9-0-0).

Paragraph 26: The male advertises several potential nest sites to his mate by singing at the entrance, slipping inside and so on, with the female finally selecting one. The typical nest site of a tawny owl is a tree hollow, wherein the owls will nest directly on the interior hole's surface. Tree hollows used may be as much as  above the ground, but are usually within about  of the ground. Virtually any species of deciduous tree may be used provided holes are available. These tree cavities may be of any origin, with trees that grow large such as oak, beech, poplar, maple, lime, hornbeam and alder often regularly utilized. Female may scratch out a shallow base in soil if present and sometimes seen to reportedly tear eggs into pieces as a cushion from their broods. Other tree nest locations have included those on top of a Witch's broom and on top of the tree canopy. Natural holes in trees are often the most frequently used nesting site, followed closely in recent decades many artificial nest boxes, preferably those with a  entrance or larger. Of the nest boxes erected in different parts from Kielder forest and the Glenbranter forest of Argyll, 592 nest boxes were placed at  high along the side of trees and 17.4% of which were used by tawnys (in latter 2 years of study up to 24.1%). In southeastern Scotland, all nest boxes erected in habitat were eventually utilized by tawny owls. Many nest boxes were recorded to be used as roost sites in the Milan, with only 12.3% of the 44% of nest boxes actually used by owls for breeding, usually with the owls utilizing boxes that were at least  above the ground. Nest boxes are most successful wherever natural tree cavities are scarce or absent, such as conifer forests, young successional woods and farmlands. Tawny owls may not infrequently nest in an unmodified black woodpecker hole. This species may too nest in nest of larger birds such as crows, common ravens (Corvus corax) and Eurasian magpies as well as common buzzards, black kites, northern goshawks and various eagles while the sometimes recorded as used smaller nests such as those of Eurasian jays, Eurasian sparrowhawks and common wood pigeons but these are at potential risk of collapse.  Occasionally, tawny owls have also been recorded nesting in abandoned burrows of larger mammals (e.g. red fox and European badger (Meles meles) as well as those of rabbits). Other nesting locations recorded for the species have included bare cliff ledges, between the roots of heavy tree trunks, on the bare forest floor and among heather. Also rarer still nests have been reported in the recesses of stone walls, in chimneys of large buildings, on cabins and sheds, in dovecotes and church towers. In southern Finland, 95% of 123 nest boxes put out were occupied by tawny owls in 1970–1975, natural tree hole use decreased in same period from 48% to 3%, on top of stumps from 4% to 1% and in buildings from 15% to 1%.

Paragraph 27: Fauré, G.  (Vol 1)  (vol 2)  (Vox) Complete piano works: (6 CDs), vol I;CD1: Theme and Variations, Op.73   Barcarolle No. 1, Op. 26   Barcarolle No. 2, Op. 41  Barcarolle No. 3, Op.42   Barcarolle No. 4, Op.44   Barcarolle No. 5, Op. 66   Barcarolle No. 6, Op. 70  CD 2: Barcarolle No.7, Op. 90   Barcarolle No.8, Op.96   Barcarolle No.9, Op.101   Barcarolle No. 10, Op. 104, no. 2   Barcarolle No. 11, Op. 105   Barcarolle No. 12, Op. 106  Barcarolle No. 13, Op. 116   Valse-Caprice No.1, in A major, Op. 30   CD 3: Valses-Caprices (cont.):   No. 2, Op. 38   No. 3, Op. 59   No. 4, Op. 62  Pièces Brèves, Op. 84:   Capriccio in E♭ major   Fantaisie in A♭ major   Fugue in A minor    Adagietto in E minor   Improvisation in C# minor   Fugue in E minor   Allègresse in C major   Nocturne No.8, in D major   vol II, CD 1: Preludes, Op.103:   No. 1, in D♭ major  No. 2, in C# minor   No. 3, in G minor  No. 4, in F major    No. 5, in D minor  No. 6, in E♭ minor   No. 7, in A major   No. 8, in C minor  No. 9, in E minor  Impromptus:  No. 1, in E♭ major   No. 2, in F minor  No. 3, in A♭ major  No. 4, in D♭ major   No. 5, in F# minor   CD 2: Nocturnes:  No. 1, in E♭ minor, Op. 25  No. 2, in B major, Op. 33 No. 2  No. 3, in A♭ major, Op. 33 No. 3  No. 4, in E♭ major, Op. 36  No. 5, in B♭ major, Op. 37  No. 6, in D♭ major, Op. 63  No. 7, in C# minor, Op. 74  No. 8: see Vol 1, CD 3, track 2 CD 3: Nocturnes: (continued)    No. 9, in B minor, Op. 97  No. 10, in E minor, Op. 99  No. 11, in F# minor, Op. 104 no. 1  No. 12, in E minor, Op. 107  No, 13, in B minor, Op. 119 Romances sans Paroles Op. 17:  No. 1, in A♭ major  No. 2, in A minor  No. 3 in A minor  Marzurka Op. 32 

Paragraph 28:  In December 2016, it was reported that Guilfoyle was being considered for the position of press secretary for President Donald Trump. Sean Spicer was considered the front-runner for the position and was ultimately selected. On the May 12, 2017, edition of The Five, co-host Bob Beckel hinted that Guilfoyle turned the job down. However, in an interview with Bay Area News Group on May 15, 2017, Guilfoyle confirmed she was in contact with the White House about the position following Spicer's resignation. "I'm a patriot, and it would be an honor to serve the country", Guilfoyle said. "I think it'd be a fascinating job, it's a challenging job, and you need someone really determined and focused, a great communicator in there with deep knowledge to be able to handle that position." However, on May 19, Guilfoyle said she was under contract with Fox, indicating she turned the White House down. One month later, she extended her contract with Fox.

Paragraph 29: His actual surname was Le Bailly, though he and other members of his family used Le Bailly de la Falaise, referring to an ancestral estate; it is typically abbreviated to de la Falaise. As the marquis told The New York Times (October 7, 1925), "My patronymic name is Le Bailly, but ... I use the name de la Falaise because it is one of the great-grandfather branches of the Le Bailly family. De La Falaise is the only existing branch of that family today. So this should be my entire name: James Henry Le Bailly de La Falaise, Marquis de La Coudraye".

Paragraph 30: Schölkopf developed SVM methods achieving world record performance on the MNIST pattern recognition benchmark at the time. With the introduction of kernel PCA, Schölkopf and coauthors argued that SVMs are a special case of a much larger class of methods, and all algorithms that can be expressed in terms of dot products can be generalized to a nonlinear setting by means of what is known as reproducing kernels. Another significant observation was that the data on which the kernel is defined need not be vectorial, as long as the kernel Gram matrix is positive definite. Both insights together led to the foundation of the field of kernel methods, encompassing SVMs and many other algorithms. Kernel methods are now textbook knowledge and one of the major machine learning paradigms in research and applications.