Paragraph 1: A wrench in International Broadcasting's application was a concurring proposed merger between Shreveport's two major daily newspapers, the Shreveport Times and the Shreveport Journal. On December 4, 1953, the FCC Broadcast Bureau reversed a hearing examiner's decision and approved KTBS Inc.'s request to subpoena International Broadcasting/KWKH for a "merger" agreement between the Times and the Journal, contending that the testimony of KWKH president William H. Bronson in respect to the agreement alone was insufficient and that the agreement be submitted for review in judging the KWKH application. KTBS Inc. respesentatives contended the agreement was relevant "because the [Times Publishing Company and the Journal Publishing Company, the newspapers' respective owners] publish the only major newspapers in Shreveport" and because Times Publishing would be the business agent for both newspapers and exert control of KWKH. On June 16, 1954, FCC Hearing Examiner Basil Cooper issued an initial decision looking to grant the construction permit application for channel 3 to KTBS Inc. The FCC Broadcast Bureau granted exclusive rights to the permit to Shreveport Television Company on February 16, 1955, formally denying KRMD and Southland Television's respective bids, finding that KTBS Inc. was a more qualified permittee due to its local ownership, integration of ownership and management, and had more extensive participation by its ownership in local affairs.

Paragraph 2: Since the early 20th century, most accounts of archaeological methodology have accepted the data that is uncovered by the archaeologist is subsequently interpreted through a theoretical viewpoint. Nevertheless, the archaeological community is divided over the extent to which theory pervades the discipline. On one side, there are those who believe that certain archaeological techniques – such as excavation or recording – are neutral and outside of the bounds of theory, while on the other are those who believe that these too are also influenced by theoretical considerations. Archaeologist Ian Hodder, a prominent advocate of the latter view, criticised the alternate approach by highlighting that methodological decisions, such as where to open a trench, how diligently to excavate a stratigraphic layer and whether to keep every artefact discovered, are all based on prior theoretical interpretations of the site, and that even excavatory techniques could not therefore escape the realm of theory. Those who take the former approach have sometimes tried to separate the raw data from the theoretical interpretations in their publications, but have come under criticism from those, such as Hodder, who argue that theoretical interpretation pervades the entire archaeological methodology, and therefore cannot be separated from the raw data.

Paragraph 3: Elton's early career was influenced by Alexander Carr-Saunders, Victor Ernest Shelford and Gordon Hewitt. In 1922 Alexander Carr-Saunders wrote The Population Problem: A Study of Human Evolution, where he outlines how the influence of overpopulation in humans has cascading effects on plant and animal life around the world. Elton later applied these ideas of fluctuation to animals. Victor Ernest Shelford wrote Animal Communities in Temperate America in 1913, where he outlines three main principles of ecology: (1) emphasis on the importance of studying the physiology of the organism, rather than the physiology of a specific organ; (2) evaluation of the "phenomena of behaviour and physiology" in relation to the natural environments; and (3) relation of the ecology of plant life to that of animal life. In Gordon Hewitt's 1921 book The Conservation of the Wildlife of Canada, Elton noticed the Canadian lynx and snowshoe hare population cycles, and developed greater understanding of population fluctuations in Arctic vertebrates with the Hudson's Bay Company.

Paragraph 4: By the mid-1980s, Zerby began to issue religious edicts of her own: following allegations of sexual abuse within the organization, she forbade sexual activity in 1984 for new members until they had been in the group for six months and in that same year began the taping of cassettes with music, which provided an additional source of income. In 1986, she forbade sexual contact between adults and minors; later, it became an offense that could lead to excommunication. Throughout the 1980s, she dictated and enforced elements of discipline, ending, for instance, a training program for children she deemed too harsh. With David Berg's health declining in the late 1980s, Zerby essentially took over the leadership position in 1988. After Berg's death in 1994, she married Steven Kelly, another group leader, and assumed the spiritual leadership of the group.

Paragraph 5: The operation started on the evening of 1 April with engagement to start shortly after midnight. The lagoon crossing (marked in advance though not too successfully by Combined Operations Pilotage Party 2 and M Squadron, Special Boat Service), took far longer than planned due to the exceptionally low water level and exceptionally muddy lagoon bottom, which was as deep as chest high. The Commandos struggled through the muddy waste all night, manhandling their boats, and eventually reached the Spit at first light, over 4 hours behind schedule. Exhausted and covered in glutinous slime they pressed home their attacks. Nos. 2, 40 and 43 Commandos all made their objectives relatively as expected although the Germans succeeded in blowing-up one bridge before it was captured by No.2 Commando. No. 9 Commando initially made good progress until No. 5 and No. 6 Troops (especially 5 Troop), became seriously pinned down across a killing ground while attempting to capture the enemy position 'Leviticus', (all physical references were given biblical names in this operation). 1 and 2 Troops made good progress down the centre of the Spit and when advised of the situation of 5 and 6 Troops, bypassed Leviticus in order to turn about. They laid smoke, and conducted a bayonet charge, from the southeast. The German position was overrun despite the smoke clearing too quickly exposing the Commandos during the last 150 metres. Routed German defenders who had fled north, fell into the waiting Bren guns of 6 Troop. The bayonet charge was accompanied by 1 Troop’s piper playing ’The Road to the Isles’.

Paragraph 6: In 2005, the Standards in Public Office Commission received a complaint regarding an advertisement for the Operation Freeflow system which outlined traffic and travel arrangements in Dublin in the pre-Christmas period, and which featured a photograph of Callely, then Minister of State. The complainant was of the view that the Minister's appearance in the advertisement was a direct contravention of section 2.2.3 of the Code of Conduct for Office Holders as outlined above. The Standards Commission wrote to the complainant advising that they did not consider that the inclusion of a photograph of an office holder in an advertisement relating to a matter which encompassed his functions as an office holder was necessarily inappropriate. However, it also considered that the provisions of the code were insufficiently clear so as to distinguish between the appropriate use of a photograph of an office holder as part of a necessary advertising campaign and an inappropriate raising of profile in the context of a general election. The Standards Commission wrote to the Taoiseach and requested that the provisions of section 2.2.3 of the Code of Conduct for office holders be reviewed in order that office holders are provided with clear guidelines as to the circumstances in which public resources can be used in a way which avoids the inappropriate raising of profile in the context of a general election.

Paragraph 7: The ideal-type method developed by Max Weber is a useful tool in contemporary public administration theory development because the method takes into account the culture of a society that is then integrated into a theory. Weber referred to it as cultural science or interpretive sociology, which, is to understand ideas and practices from within their own intellectual and cultural horizon and on the basis of categories that are grounded in a meaningful social and historical context. According to Margaret Stout, Ideal-type methods are used to frame observation and analysis and to evaluate what is found. Weber's method must be developed using value judgments that direct our empirical observations and then guide our interpretation of those observations. Through this theory building method, Weber insisted that all interpretations of meaning must remain at best "a peculiarly plausible hypothesis", as opposed to a claim of relevance of a theory. Weber's purpose for using this method is to clarify the importance of values in sense making, but how they are also extremely important for the conduct of meaningful social science. Weber’s interpretive sociology employs a type of functional analysis that begins with the whole, proceeds to the parts, and then goes back from the parts to the whole. His ideal-type method is thereby simultaneously useful in both the study of social structure and social action. Social action is linked to subjective meaning at the individual level of analysis, and structural forms are a consequence or construction of social action. This combination is particularly valuable to public administration because the manner in which administrative action and the social structures of governance interrelate requires an approach that considers both. On the one hand, ideal-types enable consideration of things like alternative meanings of important concepts or alternative motivations held by social actors. On the other hand, they enable analysis of associated or resulting social structures. In this way, an ideal-type can concurrently help interpret the meaning of the administrative role as well as critique the institutions of governance.

Paragraph 8: Under NCLB, school success and failure is linked to performance on standardized tests. However, this measure subjects English Language Learners (ELLs) "to critical assessments without adequate preparation." The lack of preparation is due to the fact that NCLB caps funding for bilingual education programs at half of what it had been and does not require that any bilingual education programs undergo periodic evaluation, a measure required by the Casteñada v. Pickard court case. And yet, despite this lack of preparation, ELLs performance on standardized tests can jeopardize a school's access to funding. In essence, "This turns the question of whether or not a school receives a failing label into a question of how many ELLs attend." Because the impact of NCLB on ELLs has significant implications on ELLs and their communities' access to education, NCLB is in conflict with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in that it denies "access to a federally funded program based on their skin color or race." The changes in the BEA under NCLB created a grant program that attempted to enhance English language acquisition. The ruling placed ELL students in a similar classroom environment as their peers for whom English is not a second language. The law did not require schools to provide bilingual programs and placed them against the rigorous content standards put in place by State Education Agencies. When ELLs were tested with the same state assessments or the National Assessment for Educational Progress (NAEP), it was shown that compared to their fluently English-speaking peers the ELL students displayed larger deficits in both reading and math. The 2007 NAEP test, showed increased deficits in both math and reading following a surge of the ELL population in the United States. By 2005 the number of English-learners throughout the US had risen 57% over the prior decade to approximately 5.1 million students.

Paragraph 9: Vivas served as the head coach of the Fresno State women's volleyball team from 1991 to 2004, becoming the school's all-time winningest coach in that sport in the process.  Vivas today remains the winningest coach in Fresno State women's volleyball history with a 263-167 overall record and .612 overall winning percentage.  In eight of her 14 seasons at Fresno State, her teams won more than 20 games, including 24 wins during the 1997 campaign.  Six times, her teams finished in the top three of the Western Athletic Conference standings, and three times she was named the WAC Coach of the Year.  Vivas lead Fresno State to the school's best single-season winning percentage of .767 during the 2002 season when the Bulldogs finished 23-7 overall.  Three times under her leadership, Fresno State reached the NCAA Tournament (1991, 1998, 2002) and three times (1992, 1994, 1995) the Bulldogs reached the National Invitational Volleyball Championship (NIVC) in Kansas City, Mo.  Three times under Vivas, the Bulldogs reached the American Volleyball Coaches Association Top 25 national poll.  On November 9, 2003, the Bulldogs' home match versus the University of Hawaii drew 4,708 fans—a new school record—shattering the previous mark of 1,982 fans versus UH on Nov. 23, 1996.  That crowd of 4,708 remains the largest home crowd in Fresno State volleyball history through the 2008 season.  On December 6, 2004, Vivas was fired from the Fresno State head coaching position amid Title IX problems. Vivas filed with the U.S. Department of Education Office over alleged gender based discrimination related to the firing and sued the university.  Following a court trial, on July 9, 2007, a jury of her peers agreed unanimously with Vivas, and she was awarded $5.85 million for back pay and expenses.

Paragraph 10: Raised in Birmingham, Alabama, Worthington played baseball at the University of Alabama before becoming a professional. Acquired by the Giants in 1953, he began his career with the ballclub as a starter, pitching two shutouts in his first two major league games. After spending most of 1954 and all of 1955 in the minor leagues, he became a full-time starter again in 1956. During 1957–58, he split his time between the rotation and the bullpen, and by 1959 he was almost exclusively used as a relief pitcher. He split 1960 between the Red Sox, the minor leagues, and the White Sox, retiring with about a month left in the season because the White Sox were engaged in ruses to steal opposing team's signs, and he could not play for the team with a clear conscience. He completed his degree at Howard College, then decided to return to baseball and spent two years in the minor leagues for the White Sox. The Reds acquired him in 1963, and Worthington posted a 2.99 earned run average (ERA) out of the bullpen for them that year. He began 1964 with Cincinnati, was sent to the minor leagues, and had his contract purchased by the Twins, whom he would spend the rest of his career with. Sports Illustrated called his 1.37 ERA with the team that year "impressive." In 1965, Worthington had a career-high 21 saves and a career-low 2.13 ERA, also winning 10 games. From 1966 to 1967 he saved 32 games, and in 1968 he led American League (AL) relievers with 18 saves. In a 14-year career, Worthington compiled a 75–82 record with 834 strikeouts, a 3.39 ERA, and 110 saves in  innings pitched.

Paragraph 11: Fernandez insisted on a rematch, but Ring Magazine writer Al Buck pointed to Fernandez's two fights with Rocky Kalingo as a reason why Fullmer would be foolish to fight Fernandez in Communist Cuba; " Fighting Fernandez in Cuba hardly would be an enjoyable experience except for another Cuban, a Russian, or a Red Chinese. A Fernandez-Yankee battle in Havana would be put in a military atmosphere and amid turmoil. It was recalled that one Rocky Kalingo knocked out Fernandez in one round in Caracas and then let the Cuban have a return fight in Havana. Kalingo knocked Fernandez down in the first and appeared to be headed for another victory. The mob wouldn't have it. Kalingo was threatened to the point at which he was scared into near-paralysis. He was stopped."

Paragraph 12: Some signs of this English presence have vanished, like the small dell in the cemetery where there were once some hundred graves. Some of these, such as those of Lord Arthur Somerset or Richard John Meade, bore testimony to the aristocratic nature of the community. Other vestiges remain, like the fountain near the new public library in a square shaded by a plane tree. The inscription reads: "In loving memory of Marianne Stewart who died on 18 August 1900. She laboured many years in the cause of mercy to animals. Her last wish was that a drinking fountain should be set up for them in Hyères".

Paragraph 13: In August 2017 the 15th anniversary of the Rouge was intensely celebrated by the fans and all the former members. The following month, the official profile of the "Tea House of Alice", show published a pink banner with the words: "If alone they already cause, imagine together." The image caused an uproar among fans, who began speculating that the group might be the theme of one of the parties. On September 12, the profile released a pink and glittery image, alluding to the cover of the first album and promising an official statement the next day. The show not only marks the 15 years of the group, but also the return of Luciana Andrade. On September 13 was announced the return of the group with the original formation on October 13. On September 14, tickets were put up for sale and sold out in a minute. But as there were problems with some purchases, it was still possible to get some tickets. After three hours, the organization of the event announced that the five thousand tickets had been exhausted and an extra show was scheduled for the following day. The show reverberated and was so intense that the group decided to announce a new tour of the main capitals of Brazil in 2018. And on October 15, one day after the second session of the Tea Rouge in Rio de Janeiro, Karin Hills announced in his Instagram teaser of #RougeDoc, documentary containing the backstage of the show. On October 26, sales for the São Paulo show began on November 25, and just as in Rio, the 7,000 tickets offered for sale sold out in just over 3 hours. The site responsible for the purchase of the tickets did not withstand such high demand and remained out of the air for a few minutes. According to the company responsible, about 240,000 people accessed the site at the same time. The virtual queue has reached almost 20,000 people. Which caused a great inconvenience with the public. A new extra show was scheduled for December 2, and was sold out the same day. In October 2017, it was confirmed that Rouge had returned definitively.  On November 29, the group signed again with Sony Music Brasil and on December 1, 2017 their complete discography was made available for sale and streaming on digital platforms. After the digital release, the four albums reached the Top 10 of the Brazilian iTunes charts, seven songs being in the Top 100 singles, in addition to seven songs entering Brazil's Spotify Top 200.

Paragraph 14: In joint work with Giovanni Peri, Ottaviano investigated the relationship between linguistic diversity across U.S. cities and local productivity over 1970–90; together, they find that wages and employment density of U.S.-born workers were systematically higher, all else equal, in cities with higher linguistic diversity, especially for highly educated and for white workers, and that the relationship was strengthened the better non-native speakers were assimilated in terms of language skills and duration of residence. Further research by Ottaviano and Peri on the value of cultural diversity - as proxied by the diversity of countries of birth of U.S. residents - suggested that US-born citizens living in metropolitan areas with increasing shares of foreign-born residents experienced significant growth in wages and housing values. Their thinking about the effects of immigration on natives' wages turns around the notion that natives and foreigners are inherently imperfectly substitutable even within the same skill group. Using this framework, they showed that immigration to the U.S. in 1990-2006 had small negative short-run effects on native high school dropouts (-0.7%) and average wages (-0.4%), while raising the wages of native high school dropouts and average native wages in the long run by 0.3% and 0.6%, respectively, but depressing the long-run wages of previous immigrants by 6.7%. Another study by Ottaviano with Peri and Greg Wright observed that manufacturing industries with a larger increase in exposure to globalization (through offshoring or immigration) saw improvements in terms of native employment growth relative to less exposed industries. They explain this finding through a model wherein natives, immigrants and offshore workers differ systematically in their ability to apply complex skills and wherein jobs vary in the degree to which their performance requires complex skills. In this framework, the productivity effect related to more efficient task assignment - producers hiring natives, immigrants and offshore workers for different tasks according to their respective comparative advantage - may offset the displacement effect of immigration and offshoring on natives' employment. Finally, with regard to the labour market effects of immigration to Western Germany during the 1990s, Ottaviano - together with Peri and Francesco d'Amuri - found that immigration had a sizeable adverse effect on previous immigrants' employment and a small adverse effect on their wages, while having very little adverse effects on native wages and employments; the authors explain this divergence through the higher substitutability between different groups of immigrants relative to that between immigrants and natives.

Paragraph 15: After his discharge from the Army, Shawcross moved with Linda from Oklahoma to Clayton, New York. Linda would soon divorce him, after which he began committing crimes such as arson and burglary. Shawcross's offenses earned him a five-year sentence at Attica Correctional Facility, and later Auburn Correctional Facility. After serving 22 months, he was granted an early release in October 1971, in part due to his role in the rescue of a correctional officer during a prison riot. Shawcross returned to his hometown of Watertown, New York, eventually getting a job with the Watertown Public Works Department and marrying for the third time.

Paragraph 16: It was a sister station to CIHF-TV-2 in Saint John. Both stations were branded as MITV (Maritimes Independent Television), and their schedules were almost identical. However, the stations offered separate newscasts to their respective provinces and opportunities for advertisers to buy ad space on one or both stations. Furthermore, although the Saint John station's callsign made it appear that it was a rebroadcaster of the Halifax station, both stations were separately licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC). At the time, MITV was the only over-the-air independent television station in the area, with studios and main operation centre in Halifax, and all other functions in Saint John. As MITV shared owners with CHSJ-TV, a popular joke in the Maritimes was that MITV stood for "More Irving Television".

Paragraph 17: Over the past 18 years, Tourettes has changed venues repeatedly, moving to Oakland where it started at The Stork Club, then finding its current home where "every month, throngs of fans descend upon the Oakland Metro Operahouse, a chilly warehouse with mottled, tar-spattered cement floors, to witness one of Oakland's strangest attractions. Tourettes Without Regrets is a raunchy, attention-deficit vaudeville extravaganza." The show "combines variety show with game show for a balanced and rhythmic flow of high-energy scenes: the slam judges introduced themselves by mimicking psychotic animals; two previous "dirty haiku" champions faced off in three rounds; a sick beatboxing duo gave a perfectly timed set; a surreal burlesque/performance group combined a flute, some high-flown language, and a Snow White strip-tease, etc." Called "one of the wildest and most creatively raw variety shows in the Bay Area" by SF Weekly, the show has spawned a series of spinoff events, such as the annual Game of Thrones Show, where "the crowd is segregated into Starks and Lannisters and crazed interactive games ensue. You help kill off favorite characters and rewrite the ending of the show yourself." The show includes "a local "choose your own adventure" band whose live show involves twelve-sided dice the size of beach balls. As per the night's theme, the group will perform new material inspired by Game of Thrones." The Holy Sh*t Show, lampoons Scientology, and the yearly XXX Show, started in 2012 at the Mitchell Brothers O'Farrell Theater. In DeWolf's own words about Tourettes, "If you've never been to a rap battle, if you've never been to a poetry slam, if you've never seen burlesque, if you've never seen stand-up comedy, or dirty haiku, or freakish, inventive contests—then that's what the show is for, to put all of those elements into one show. What makes 'Tourettes' individual and unique is throwing all of these elements together and seeing what happens." "It's Psychotic vaudeville. It's taking highbrow and lowbrow and making them collide in this demolition derby." The show has won "The Best of the Bay" multiple times from The East Bay Express, SF Weekly, and the San Francisco Guardian since its inception.

Paragraph 18: Coming from the Olympic disappointment, Stekic again had very successful season in 1977, recording his best long-jump of the year of 8.27 m to again top the rest of the world. He won the gold medal at the World Student Games at Sofia and again produced many long-jumps over 8 m, winning the Yugoslav Championships with a leap of 8.14 m. Stekic was chosen to represent Europe at the first World Cup held in Düsseldorf, but there he again showed inconsistency when he reached modest 7.79 m to place him 4th. Stekic topped the world for the third time in previous four years in 1978 when he recorded the long-jump of 8.32 m on 16 September at Rovereto. If he produced it one week earlier, he would be a European champion, but in the long-jump final at the continental Champs in Prague, Stekic managed to jump 8.12 m to earn another silver medal, 6 cm behind the gold medalist, Jaques Rousseau (France). He competed at similar level in 1979 and produced 4th best long-jump of the year when winning his fifth Balkan title at the Games in Athens. Stekic also successfully retained his Mediterranean title when winning on home soil at Split in a championship record of 8.21 m. In his preparation for the 1980 Olympic Games at Moscow, Stekic won his only medal (silver) at the European Indoor Championships at Sindelfingen and his sixth and final gold at the Balkan Games at Sofia with his season's best of 8.11 m. Sadly, Stekic injured himself in his very first jump in qualifying round at the Olympics, but continued to compete for a decade after that despite far from the form from the '70s. He finished 5th at the 1982 European Championships in Athens and had rather solid season in 1983, winning the European B Cup at Prague with 8.04 m and finishing creditable 5th at the inaugural World Championships at Helsinki with a leap of 8.09 m. He did not qualify for another Olympic final in 1984, and won his final Yugoslav title in 1985. Stekic did not compete at the 1986 European Championships in Stuttgart despite producing season's best of 8.19 m and then competed only sparingly until 1991. In the late '80s, Stekić amassed the most jumps over the 8 m mark (later surpassed by Larry Myricks). He is one of the most decorated athletes from former Yugoslavia.

Paragraph 19: In 1881 at 41 years of age William Aplin returned to his rural roots and purchased the huge Southwick pastoral station of . It was advertised as:"Southwick and Reedy Lake Stations, 100 miles west of Townsville in the North Kennedy District containing 422 sq miles of splendid basaltic country permanently watered by frontage of 35 miles to Fletchers Creek, 35 miles to Allingham Creek and 15 miles to Burdekin River, together with 7,000 breeding cattle, amongst them a stud herd of 300. There is a good home station with a paddock of 2,000 acres besides 2 out-stations with sets of yards, 50 horses and station plant given in."The property was described by a station manager in the late 1860s as:a rough life, with fever, blight and the constant danger from blacks who infested the 'Basalt Wall', a peculiar formation running for miles parallel with two running creeks, the Fletcher and Sandy, both of which abounded in fish. The Wall was a veritable stronghold for the blacks, who realising the security it was, were very bold and daring. During my stay on 'Reedy Lake' station, I had one of my shepherds killed and lost a number of sheep, many of which were driven away in mobs of 50 at a time. I can safely say that life was never safe and the wise thing to do on seeing a black, was to shoot and shoot straight, otherwise he would certainly spear you. I had several narrow escapes."William Aplin managed a large Aboriginal camp on Southwick and employed many of them as stockmen and some of the women as housemaids. After his death, under the Protection of Aboriginals Act 1897 the Government  established Southwick Reserve, comprising  there in 1901. Aplin raised fine herds of Shorthorn cattle, up to 15,000 head and improved the breed by using his stud Shorthorn bulls. The cattle would roam wild over unfenced Southwick land and across adjacent properties. They were mustered in their hundreds on boundary camps where the cattle were drafted (known colloquially as cut out) between the different stations. This was difficult work involving around 12 stockmen, including his adult sons Harry Aplin and Arthur Aplin. Five stockmen were assigned to keep the herd on camp, one to mind the drafted cattle and six to ride here, there and everywhere in the herd and chasing wild bullocks by galloping at top speed with stockwhips volleying vicious reports. After the first 20 cattle were drafted off and steadied, the work proceeded more rapidly but sometimes a rogue (known colloquially as a gunner) bullock would charge and bore in on the stockhorse, sending horse and rider crashing to the ground. William Aplin diversified into horse breeding and raised fine herds of up to 500 head of stockhorses. They were mostly the progeny of the thoroughbred sire Exeter (by dam Panic), and the remainder by the grey sire Kelpie. The British Indian Army horse buyer and Townsville warrior, Robert Gordon (1866-1944), used to buy 12 horses each year from Southwick. Also Harry Aplin accompanied some good horses on Company ships to Madras (now Chennai), India, where he sold them direct to the British Army. However the pastoral business did not run to plan and Aplin lost a fortune during the economic cepression of the 1890s, that bottomed with the Bank failures in 1893, compounded by a long drought from 1895, that became the Federation Drought of 1903–1905. In addition cattle herds became infected with redwater fever transmitted by ticks and died in large numbers in the district in 1895 and 'Southwick' lost half of its huge herd. As ill fortune often comes in threes, the Banks then tried to close the station and sell off the assets. William Aplin was described by a bushman as a cheery man who in his heart was always a bushman, with the love of wide open spaces, the brave horses, the flocks spreading over the open downs, or the dash to deal with rowdy cattle, or cut off a mob in a moonlighting expedition. He was a friend of explorer and pastoralist William Hann of Maryvale pastoral station near Charters Towers and travelled with him to attend the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in London in 1886. Around that time Aplin's interests increasingly turned to business in Townsville and politics in Brisbane and he was seldom at home on the range.

Paragraph 20: A study published in 2011 by Franco, Turin, Mershin and Skoulakis shows both that flies can smell deuterium, and that to flies, a carbon-deuterium bond smells like a nitrile, which has a similar vibration. The study reports that drosophila melanogaster (fruit fly), which is ordinarily attracted to acetophenone, spontaneously dislikes deuterated acetophenone. This dislike increases with the number of deuteriums. (Flies genetically altered to lack smell receptors could not tell the difference.) Flies could also be trained by electric shocks either to avoid the deuterated molecule or to prefer it to the normal one. When these trained flies were then presented with a completely new and unrelated choice of normal vs. deuterated odorants, they avoided or preferred deuterium as with the previous pair. This suggested that flies were able to smell deuterium regardless of the rest of the molecule. To determine whether this deuterium smell was actually due to vibrations of the carbon-deuterium (C-D) bond or to some unforeseen effect of isotopes, the researchers looked to nitriles, which have a similar vibration to the C-D bond. Flies trained to avoid deuterium and asked to choose between a nitrile and its non-nitrile counterpart did avoid the nitrile, lending support to the idea that the flies are smelling vibrations. Further isotope smell studies are under way in fruit flies and dogs.

Paragraph 21: On June 2, 2010, Schneider signed a two-year, $1.8 million contract extension with the Vancouver Canucks. Assistant general manager Laurence Gilman asserted that the new deal should establish him as Luongo's backup and garner more exposure to potentially facilitate a trade to another NHL team. He made his first start of the 2010–11 season on October 18, 2010, against the Carolina Hurricanes. He stopped 32 shots in a 5–1 win, marking his first NHL victory since December 14, 2008. Later in the season, he recorded his first NHL shutout, stopping 26 shots in a 3–0 win against the Anaheim Ducks on March 6, 2011. Nearing the end of the regular season, the Canucks were leading the league in team GAA, putting Luongo and Schneider in contention for the William M. Jennings Trophy. However, with a week remaining in the regular season, Schneider was two appearances short of the 25-game minimum to qualify for the Jennings (had he not reached the requirement, Luongo would have been awarded the trophy by himself). While head coach Alain Vigneault initially dismissed the notion of playing Schneider for the sole purpose of sharing the award with Luongo, he sent Schneider in relief of Luongo with 28 seconds remaining in the third-last game of the season, a 2–0 loss to the Edmonton Oilers for Schneider's 24th appearance. Two games later – the Canucks' last contest of the regular season – Schneider was given the start against the Calgary Flames. Needing to allow seven goals or fewer to secure the Jennings, he helped Vancouver to a 3–2 overtime win. It marked the first time in the trophy's history that it was awarded to Canucks goaltenders. Luongo and Schneider's combined GAA of 2.20 was 0.10 better than the Boston Bruins' second-place goaltending tandem of Tim Thomas and Tuukka Rask. Schneider completed his NHL rookie season with a 2.23 GAA and .929 save percentage in 25 games (22 starts), as well as a 16-4-2 record. His GAA tied for fourth in the league, while his save percentage ranked third and set a single-season Canucks record.

Paragraph 22: The story is about the relationship between freelance photographer Kouhei Morioka and Hazuki, a young girl who descends from a royal vampire lineage. At the beginning of the story, Kouhei travels to a castle in Germany to take photographs of paranormal phenomena for his friend Hiromi, who is the editor of an occult magazine. At the castle, Kouhei meets Hazuki, who feeds on Kouhei's blood and claims him as her unwilling servant. Although this "blood pact" is supposed to bind Kouhei to Hazuki as her obedient slave, her act has no effect on Kouhei. Following an action-packed sorcerers' battle in which Kouhei and his cousin manage to free Hazuki from her captivity in the dreary castle, Hazuki travels to Tokyo, and takes up residence with Kouhei in his grandfather's house in Japan. Hazuki claims that, because she fed on his blood, Kouhei is now her servant, but Kouhei continually refuses to obey her, especially when he thinks her requests are unreasonable. Despite their fighting, the relationship between the duo progresses over time—even in the face of repeated attacks by opposing vampires—until Kouhei becomes determined to protect Hazuki from the vampire servants of her family, who are determined to retrieve her by whatever means necessary.

Paragraph 23: Scottish newspaper Aberdeen Evening Express extolled "[the] haunting strains" of "Wicked Game." Grant Walters from Albumism praised the song as a "pristine union of Isaak's aching vocal and the desolate wail of James Calvin Wilsey's '65 Stratocaster." He added, "Underneath, the brushed drum loop, simple bass line, and muted background vocals create a simmering atmospheric buzz." Steve Huey from AllMusic described it as a "shimmering," "spare," and "moody masterpiece." Larry Flick from Billboard called it "[a] delicious treat." Alaister Moughan from Dazed wrote, "Some songs are masterpieces, some represent moments in time, and others are simply good jams. Chris Isaak's "Wicked Game" is all three." Joe Rhodes from Entertainment Weekly stated that this is "perhaps the album's darkest mood piece," noting its "otherworldly" opening guitar line. Pan-European magazine Music & Media described it as "[a] laid-back C&W tinged song featuring Isaak's Orbison-esque vocals." Duncan Holland from Music Week felt that its "dexterity and panache is something rarely heard. The touches of Roy Orbison only make it stronger and given the right airplay, Isaak should score a significant, if unpredictable hit." A reviewer from Sunday Life complimented it as "[a] brooding ballad, image-laden, and worthy of Roy Orbison in his heyday."

Paragraph 24: In September 1952, a CIA intelligence report noted the difficulty in continuing to support the Tibetan resistance when the Chinese Communist government and the massive People's Liberation Army (PLA) fully occupied the country. As a result of this Chinese domination over the Tibetans, direct diplomatic relations between Tibet and India ceased. A daily Hindi newspaper reported that this move had ended 16 years of direct contact between the governments of India and Tibet. India was able to have direct communications until that point because China's authority in Tibet was still limited. In the final paragraph of the article, the newspaper writes, "The Chinese occupation of Tibet a year ago has changed this relationship. The cause was inevitable, and India had no choice but to accept this arrangement because the Chinese Communists now have complete control of the foreign affairs of Tibet". Previously, India had provided a link for United States' support to the Tibetan resistance. Later that year (December 1952), the CIA produced an Information Report (Classification: Secret) containing two items in the subject line: 1) Anti-Communist Activities, Tibet, and 2) Chinese Communist Activities, Tibet. The document shows that the agency was closely scrutinizing both Tibetan and Chinese groups and individuals at the time, as well as any other obtained intelligence. The report defines the anti-Communist Tibetan People's Party and identified geographic areas where the Party's support was strongest. A 36-year old leader, Lhopto Rimpochhe was named as the leader of the "warrior monks." The document goes on to report on intelligence regarding a petition sent to the Chinese authorities in Lhasa by Ragashar Shape, Tibetan Defense Minister, that went ignored. The Shape petition included the following points: the Dalai Lama should continue to rule unchallenged; monastery estates should not be confiscated; Tibetans should thank the Chinese for liberation but kindly ask them to leave and, in return, the Tibetan people would never ask for military assistance from the Chinese; and persuading the Chinese to "please buy the [Tibetan] wool." The document then proceeded to provide intelligence on various undesired actions taken by the Chinese including forcing the Dalai Lama to give a  speech the threat of death, kidnapping over 200 children for the purpose of retraining them (one was even beheaded as a warning to the others not to cry and complain), and the installation of a puppet governor at Kham. Next, the document listed nine names of Tibetans acting as informers against the Chinese. Lastly, Chinese forces in Tibet were addressed—numbers of troops, names, and leadership transition information.

Paragraph 25: The following year, Olympiacos had a top-class roster with players like Roy Tarpley, Žarko Paspalj, Dragan Tarlać, Panagiotis Fasoulas, Giorgos Sigalas, Milan Tomić, Franco Nakić and Efthimis Bakatsias, and reached the FIBA European League Final Four in Yad Eliyahu Arena, Tel Aviv for the first time in their history. After an impressive run in the top 16, achieving significant away wins for the first time in the European history of the club against Real Madrid Teka (58–57 in Palacio de Deportes) or against Benetton Treviso (79–73 in Palaverde) and a newfound home victory by 18 points difference against FC Barcelona Banca Catalana (82–64), the "Reds" qualified as group winners (11–3 record) for the quarter-final playoffs where they faced the ranked fourth of the group B, the Italian champions Buckler Beer Bologna of Yugoslav superstar Sasha Danilović and eliminated them hardly with 2–1 wins. In the Tel Aviv Final Four which was looked like an Athenaic-Catalan tournament demonstration, they faced their arch-rivals Panathinaikos in the semi-final (by the way the other semi-final was FC Barcelona Banca Catalana vs 7up Joventut), beating them 77–72 and becoming the first Greek team to ever play in the Euroleague Final. Paspalj scored 22 points and Tarpley recorded a double-double against Panathinaikos, scoring 21 points and grabbing no less than 16 rebounds for Olympiacos. The "Reds", despite being strong favourites to win the European crown, lost 57–59 to 7up Joventut in the final after a dramatic ending. Domestically, they had a very successful season, as they managed to celebrate the Double, winning an extremely competitive Greek Championship with 3–2 wins against PAOK Bravo of Bane Prelević, Walter Berry and Zoran Savić -who had been crowned FIBA Korać Cup champions two months earlier- and the Greek Cup as well, beating Stiebel Eltron Iraklis 63–51 in the final in SEF.

Paragraph 26: Hampton University is a private, historically black, research university in Hampton, Virginia. Founded in 1868 as Hampton Agricultural and Industrial School, it was established by Black and White leaders of the American Missionary Association after the American Civil War to provide education to freedmen. The campus houses the Hampton University Museum, which is the oldest museum of the African diaspora in the United States and the oldest museum in the commonwealth of Virginia. First led by former Union General Samuel Chapman Armstrong, Hampton University's main campus is located on 314 acres in Hampton, Virginia, on the banks of the Hampton River. 

Paragraph 27: To catalogue early Chinese stamps is complicated. The first postage stamps in China were, in fact, issued by the western nations occupying special concessions, known as 'Treaty Ports', which had been snatched from Imperial China by the Treaty of Nanking in 1842. The first Treaty Ports stamp was issued in 1865 by the Shanghai Municipal Post, with additional Local Posts followed in sixteen other Treaty Ports. The postal services were taken over by the Qing government in November 1897 after it established the Imperial Chinese Post. After the overthrow of the Qing Dynasty in 1911, central authority was broken apart. During the period of the Republic of China (1912 - 1949), ongoing conflict between the Beiyang government, the Nationalist's Guomindang government, the Communist party (about 1930 - 1949), the remnant Northern warlords government, and the Empire of Japan all further fragmented China's postal system. Without a unified central government, the semi-autonomous regional governments issued their own stamps at various times to meet postal needs; Japan had issued "Occupation" stamps through their puppet governments, and the Chinese Communist Party had issued "Liberated area" stamps. The designation "Liberated Areas" refers to areas the Communists "liberated" from the Nationalists and / or the Japanese. The Liberated Areas alone already issued an estimated more than 500 sets of stamps with over 2,300 values. As these stamps are printed under war conditions, done mostly underground, and most of the stamps are coarsely printed using the simplest printing techniques on sub-standard equipment, and made use of any raw material available at the time.  In fact, the first stamps issued by the new Nationalist government simply utilized remaining stocks of Imperial stamps, overprinting them with the words, 'Republic of China' until they could print new stamps. Outside of the Liberated Areas, co-existing provisional governments also find themselves difficult to unify their monetary system with the central authority of the time. Disparities and devaluation of local currencies from the ever-changing National Currency (oftentimes value had to be recalculated in a matter of hours) only promoted speculation on stamps. Such complicating factors demanded an unusual varieties of overprints (to restrict their use in a designated region so to stop speculators from profiting) or surcharging (charging extra money in National currency to make up for the difference in value). Moreover, as the central printing is done in Beijing or by externally contracted printers, the stamps are often delayed and rendering the value printed on the stamps useless. At times of an urgent need for postage stamps quickly, stocks of old issue stamps are simply overprinted by the local Post Masters, which often resulted in minor differences in design and colour variations occurring between official printers. After such a long period of complicated factors, coupled with other secret markings and numerous printing errors in between had all made it very difficult to distinguish and to document every early Chinese stamp, comprehensively or by chronological order alone.

Paragraph 28: There are two principal facies of lower Paleozoic rocks in Nevada.  In the eastern part of the state, a north-trending fossil-rich carbonate shelf of Ordovician to Devonian age, termed the carbonate or eastern assemblage, gives way westward to a contemporaneous expanse of siliceous sedimentary deposits and minor mafic volcanic rocks termed the siliceous or western assemblage. Crafford assigned these two facies respectively to the shelf domain and the basin domain.  The dark color of the western assemblage, the scarcity of carbonate rocks, and a near absence of shelly fossils, are generally interpreted to indicate a relatively deep-water depositional environment.  The western assemblage also differs from the eastern assemblage in its components of bedded chert, basalt bodies, barite deposits, and sulfide deposits. The nature of the two assemblages and their relation to one another are critical for an understanding of the Antler orogeny.  The western facies assemblage is generally thought to be displaced from the west and to constitute the upper plate of an extensive thrust fault—the Roberts Mountains thrust.  The eastern facies assemblage is thought to extend westward under the thrust plate.  The basis for this belief is that the western facies domain is dotted with anomalous blocky exposures of contemporaneous eastern facies shelf strata, some of mountain size, surrounded by exposures of western facies rocks. These have been interpreted almost universally as exposures of the carbonate shelf facies in windows of the Roberts Mountains thrust sheet, and to prove the existence of that thrust sheet.

Paragraph 29: The Crimson Tide has appeared in ten post-season Tournaments for the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship, including an eight-year streak of consecutive appearances in the tournament stretching from 1992 to 1999. In ten NCAA tournament appearances, Alabama has advanced to the "Sweet Sixteen" six times and the "Elite Eight" and the "Final Four" in 1994. The most successful season was 1996–1997 when the Tide finished second in the Southeastern Conference (10–2 record) and had a mid-season national ranking of No.2 in polls by the AP and USA Today (November 12, 1996); they finished with a 25–7 overall record. The University of Alabama Women's Basketball program shares the national record with Duke University for the most total points for both teams when Alabama defeated Duke 121–120 (in four overtimes) in 1995 in the NCAA tournament, a game that ESPN has declared as one of the best all-time women's basketball tournament games. Seven former players for the University of Alabama have made rosters of teams of the WNBA. Alabama has had an active player in the WNBA through every year of its existence. The current head coach for the Crimson Tide is Kristy Curry. The team played its first season of 1974–75 in Foster Auditorium, but moved to what is now Coleman Coliseum the following season. After Foster Auditorium was extensively renovated in a project that began in 2009, the Tide returned to their original home on February 13, 2011.

Paragraph 30: Boulevard Puerto Aéreo metro station is a station of the Mexico City Metro in Venustiano Carranza, Mexico City. It is an underground station with two side platforms served by Line 1 (the Pink Line) between Balbuena and Gómez Farías stations. It serves the colonias (neighborhoods) of Moctezuma, Santa Cruz Aviación, and Valentín Gómez Farías. It lies below Puerto Aéreo Boulevard, from which it receives its name, and it is near Calzada Ignacio Zaragoza. The station's pictogram features a silhouette of an air vent below a road bridge, in reference to a landmark found at the intersection of both avenues. The station is partially accessible for people with disabilities.