Paragraph 1: Hamilton qualified on pole for the Hungarian Grand Prix, which was the first Mercedes front row lockout of the season. The race started on damp conditions, at turn 1 some drivers collided on each other, with Bottas involved in it. The safety car was bought out, after two laps behind the safety car, the race was red-flagged. The restart saw Hamilton being the only driver in the grid at the restart while rest of the grid pitted for slick tyres and was forced to start from the pit lane. Hamilton made his first pit stop by the end of the lap 4, letting Estaban Ocon to lead of the race. Hamilton made his made his second pit stop on lap 19 for Hard compound tyres, which allowed to undercut Verstappen and Daniel Riccardo, Hamilton fought his way up to fourth position and then pitted on lap 48 to come out behind Fernando Alonso. Hamilton was held behind Alonso for twelve laps, but finally got past Alonso as he locked up his brakes and ran wide at turn 1 on lap 53. Hamilton caught up to Sainz and overtook him to take third position on lap 67 and finished the race behind Ocon and Sebastian Vettel, though was promoted to second after Vettel's disqualification. Both Hamilton and Mercedes took the championship lead from Verstappen and Red Bull respectively. Verstappen took pole from Russell and Hamilton in the Belgian Grand Prix in a wet qualifying session. The race was heavily affected by rain, which initially saw the start delayed by 25 minutes. After two formation laps behind the safety car, the race start was suspended and red-flagged due to poor conditions and lack of visibility. A nearly three-hour delay followed before the race was resumed. After a further three laps, the race was red-flagged again. It was not restarted, becoming the shortest race in Formula 1 history and the sixth to award half-points as less than 75% of the race was completed. Verstappen won by default, with Russell in second and Hamilton in third place. It was Russell's first podium in Formula 1. As a result, Hamilton's lead in the championship was cut to three points from Verstappen.  Hamilton qualified in second position for the Dutch Grand Prix, just 0.038 seconds behind Verstappen. Hamilton set the fastest lap and finished race in second position behind the home race winner, Verstappen and again lost the championship lead. Bottas came third, overtaking Norris, who finished tenth.  

Paragraph 2: The prisoners' debut in "Sick" where they witness Rick amputating the lower portion of Hershel's leg after he is bitten by walkers. Rick makes a deal with the Prisoners to clear out a cell block for them in exchange for half of their food. Tomas brutally kills Big Tiny after he is scratched by a walker, despite the latter's pleas that he doesn't feel any effects.  Tomas tries twice to assassinate Rick while clearing out the cells, so Rick kills Tomas with his machete, and chases Andrew, and locks him in a courtyard full of walkers.  Rick, Daryl, and T-Dog hold Axel and Oscar at gunpoint; Axel begs for his life, but Oscar refuses to beg. Rick's group shows mercy on them and allows them to stay in the prison, though he and Oscar are told to stay in another block. Oscar and Axel find it very disturbing to stay with their deceased inmates and begs Rick to let them stay. T-Dog sympathizes with the prisoners and asks Rick to let them join the group, but Rick is adamant about keeping to their earlier compromise. Later, a horde of walkers is let into the prison courtyard, resulting in the deaths of T-Dog and Lori.  When the prison's sirens sound off, Oscar explains that the backup generators are powering the alarms, and takes Rick to shut them down.  Andrew, who survived and is revealed to have let the walkers loose and turned on the alarms, attacks Rick in the generator room and tries to convince Oscar to kill Rick only for Oscar to kill Andrew instead, Oscar and Axel are then allowed to stay with the others. Axel and Oscar helps dig graves for those who died during the walker attack. Axel volunteers to go to Woodbury, but stays behind to protect the prison. Oscar instead decides to go. During his plan to rescue Glenn Rhee and Maggie Greene, members of Rick's group, Oscar is shot dead by a Woodbury soldier. At the prison, Axel soon tries to win the favor of the group by trying to stir up conversations and takes a liking to Beth and Carol, flirting with them both. He is later shown saddened by Oscar's death. Axel, Hershel, and Beth, visit new arrivals Tyreese, Sasha, Allen, and Ben. He helps the group fortify the prison, and becomes friendly with Carol by telling her stories of his criminal past. He reveals that he was sentenced for trying to rob a convenience store with a toy gun, but the police did not believe him and found his brother's gun and assumed it to be the real weapon and he was incarcerated. He is killed by The Governor by a shot to the head as part of a surprise attack initiating his assault on the prison.

Paragraph 3: Bridgton machine shop foreman Millard M. "Mel" Caswell was born in 1850.  He took an early interest in mechanical affairs of the proposed railroad and served as master mechanic for the B&SR until he retired in 1926.  He remained interested in the railroad and frequently attended the railfan excursions of the 1930s.  His son, Wilfred H. Caswell, was born in 1876 and shared his father's mechanical aptitude.  Wilfred Caswell was the engineer assigned to the construction train for the Harrison extension in 1898.  Wilfred was the Portland Company mechanical engineer who supervised construction of the first Maine narrow gauge Forney locomotive with a pilot truck (B&SR locomotive number 5) in 1906.  Wilfred then served as a consulting engineer for Baldwin Locomotive Works during construction of B&SR locomotive number 6 and an identical locomotive for the Sandy River Railroad.  In May 1909 Wilfred became master mechanic of the Sandy River and Rangeley Lakes Railroad (SR&RL).  Wilfred's early recognition of the technical value of photography produced excellent photographic documentation of SR&RL operations through the period of Maine Central Railroad ownership.  When SR&RL profits declined in 1922, Wilfred and his wife Blanche, who had been the SR&RL book-keeper, moved to Dedham, Massachusetts, where Wilfred worked for the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad.

Paragraph 4: On February 12, 2000, he defeated Jan Piet Bergman to win the vacant IBF Light Welterweight title. Bergman went down twice in the first round, but recovered in the second round, knocking Judah down. Judah knocked out Bergman in the fourth round to win the title. On June 20, 2000, Judah made his first title defense against Junior Witter in Glasgow, Scotland. It was an awkward fight for Judah, as Witter rarely engaged in an extended exchange of punches. Witter frequently switched between fighting right-handed and left-handed, making him an elusive opponent. Judah's consistent body punching slowed Witter down, and in the fifth round, Judah caught Witter with a straight left hand that hurt Witter and sent his mouthpiece skittering across the ring. Judah defeated Witter by unanimous decision.

Paragraph 5: They are to be patient amidst persecution until when? Until the coming (parousia) of the Lord. Parousia is well known to mean "presence" and refers to his second coming many times in the New Testament. The farming analogy seems to indicate that the farmer is aware of the coming rains just as the believer is aware of coming end time events. For example, Jesus warned "when you see these things begin to take place [end time signs in the sun, moon, and stars / world chaos], straighten up and lift up your heads, because your redemption is drawing near." This manner of expectancy is objected to on the grounds that it destroys the idea of Christ's rapture of the church being imminent, or able to occur at any moment. But imminent probably doesn't mean 'at any moment' in the New Testament. Many New Testament passages implicitly rule out an "any second" imminency (Matthew 24:45-51...25:5,19;Luke 19:11-27;John 21:18-19...Acts 9:15...). At the very least apostles Peter and Paul could not have believed in this kind of imminency because Peter was told by Jesus what manner of death he was to die and that it would take place many years later. Jesus said, "Truly, truly, I say to you, when you were younger, you used to gird yourself, and walk wherever you wished; but when you grow old, you will stretch out your hands [be crucified], and someone else will gird you, and bring you where you do not wish to go." Could Peter think the rapture was at any moment with this enduring prediction by Jesus? Also, it was told of Paul that he would bear Christ's name "before the Gentiles and kings and the sons of Israel" and that God would "show him how much he is to suffer for My name's sake." Does an any-moment rapture fit with such a massive missionary plan revealed by God for Paul's life which took decades to complete? Jesus encouraged the first disciples and all Christians, to look for certain events which would indicate his coming was "at the doors." This coupled with other passages like , seems to indicate moral watchfulness, waiting in expectancy, and sobriety ("be sober") and that the wrath of that day will overtake those in darkness (unbelievers) like a thief "but you, brethren, are not in darkness, that the day should overtake you like a thief." Thus a different concept of imminency emerges.

Paragraph 6: As a means of retaliation, the Republic of Korea Armed Forces assembled a team of 31 social outcasts including criminals on death row and life imprisonment, in a plot to kill Kim Il-sung. The team is designated 'Unit 684'. The recruits are taken to the island of Silmido for training. The mission is offered to the recruits as the only way to redeem themselves and show their loyalty to their country. If they succeed, they will win their freedom and a new life. With this goal in mind, they endure their training. The training is shown over several months, with the recruits enduring various forms of extremely vigorous training and regular physical punishment, including being branded. One recruit is killed after he falls from a ropes course.

Paragraph 7: In 2006 the club qualified for Europe for the first time since 2002 via the 2006 FAI Cup Final and with the club needing a bigger seating capacity to play in the UEFA Cup, the grass bank behind the Inchicore End goal was dug up and levelled out with concrete and a new temporary stand was built made up of a metal frame and wooden boards. In 2011, at the UEFA Europa League clash between Pats and ÍBV of Iceland, a supporter fell through one of the wooden boards while celebrating a goal. This led to the top half of the stand being closed for the next round against Shakhter Karagandy from Kazakhstan and the stand being closed entirely for the remainder of the 2011 season. Before the start of the 2012 season, any wooden boards that were deemed dangerous were swapped with safe ones from the top half of the stand that remained closed, and the bottom half of the stand was reopened for the Saints 5-1 hammering of Shamrock Rovers and remained open for the rest of the season. There was only two games that were an exception to the stand being open, the Europa League game, once again against ÍBV, when the UEFA delegate deemed the stand unsafe to use for supporters and the next round of the Europa League against Bosnian side Široki Brijeg when once again the UEFA delegate deemed the stand unsafe, but his decision was overruled by the Garda Síochána due to overcrowding in the Main Stand as a result of the tickets being oversold. Midway through the 2013 season, the St.Pat's Supporters Club, the Patron Saints, donated €50,000 to the club for the stand to be dismantled and rebuilt using metal flooring instead of wooden. The first time the new stand was used was a sold-out fixture against Lithuanian side Žalgiris in the UEFA Europe League on 11 July 2013. the stand was officially opened on 27 July 2013 in front of Supporters, Players and Management and given the official name of 'The Patrons' Stand'.

Paragraph 8: The cartoon begins with a tour of a hospital. Porky checks in with a stomach ache, caused by overeating at his birthday party. Instead of a real doctor, he encounters a crazy cat patient posing as "Dr. Chilled-Air" (a reference to Dr. Kildare). Porky explains that he has a stomach ache brought on by overeating at his birthday party. The cat says, "Well, let's take a look" and slams an X-Ray machine into him. The X-Ray shows a birthday cake with only one piece missing and candles still lit in Porky's stomach. The cat decides to take Porky on as his own patient. The cat escorts Porky over to a bed then throws onto a bed where Porky bounces up off of it. His clothes come off, and a gown that was lying on the bed flies into the air. Porky slips right into it and bounces onto the bed, and the covers go right over him. The cat rushes him off to the operating room where he intends on performing surgery on him. The cat is sharpening knives and polishing a huge saw with a rag. Then he uses an airbag as a punching bag. The cat strolls over to Porky with the saw in his hand, pulls down the covers, lifts Porky's gown, and brings the saw over to cut open Porkys belly. After Porky realizes what the cat's intentions are, he panics and exclaims "Hey! Wh-wh-wh-what's a big idea?!" and squirms around to escape from him while the cat still has his gown raised and continues to try to cut him open. Porky finally breaks free from the cat, dives under the bed, and crawls through the sheets in an attempt to get away. He runs out of the operating room, out of the hospital, and back to his house with the cat hot on his trail! Porky runs up the stairs, runs into his bedroom, and slams the door shut. The cat follows him and opens the door only to see Porky lying in his bed, smiling. Thinking Porky has given in and he has the upper hand, the cat runs over to Porky with a satisfied smile. The cat again pulls the covers down and lifts Porky's gown in another attempt to cut him open when he spots something on Porky's belly. It's a sticker that says "Do not open till Xmas." The cat, surprised looks at the camera and says "Christmas?" The cat jumps into bed right next to Porky with the saw at his side, smiles, and responds, "I'll wait", much to Porky's horror and dismay.

Paragraph 9: After her bullying ordeal, writers featured Katie developing a crush on her science teacher Mr Molyneaux. Katie is desperate to impress him and decides to clean up the local river. She enlists the help of her friend Siobhan (Joanne Birchall) but when they begin cleaning, Katie falls into the polluted water. She is rushed to hospital where they she is diagnosed with a form of toxaemia. When producers decided to break-up the marriage of Frank (Peter Christian) and Chrissy Rogers (Eithne Brown), writers used the opportunity to impact Katie the most. Tibballs described it as "Katie's greatest heartache". On-screen Katie desperately wants her parents to remain together and she could not believe that her mother would leave her. Katie did not understand why they separate despite the Rogers' constant arguing. The decision to axe the character of Chrissy was made by Brookside's executive producer Mal Young. He was unhappy with the Rogers family dynamic and thought their stories were "going round in circles". Young told Browne that she needed to leave to save the Rogers family from being axed entirely the following year. Young's research for the show found that there was an increasing number of families with children splitting up in the United Kingdom. He concluded that he wanted to reflect this scenario with the Rogers family. Writers then introduced Leanne Powell (Vickie Gates) as Katie's new friend. She begins to be a bad influence on Katie and used her to get close to Owen Daniels (Danny McCall) in her plan to seduce him. In the book Brookside The Early Years, Burke told author Tibballs that she "thoroughly enjoyed" playing Katie through her teenage years. She added "despite everything she's been through, she's emerged as a kind, sensible girl. She could certain teach Jacqui Dixon a thing or two about manners."

Paragraph 10: The access to a client's data as provided by the institution in question is usually limited to law enforcement agencies and requires some legal procedures to be accomplished prior to such action (e.g.: court order issued, etc.). This applies to bank account information or medical record. In some cases the data is by definition inaccessible to third parties and should never be revealed; this can include confidential information gathered by attorneys, psychiatrists, psychologists, or priests. One well known result that can seem hard to reconcile is that of a priest hearing a murder confession, but being unable to reveal details to the authorities. However, had it not been for the assumed confidentiality, it is unlikely that the information would have been shared in the first place, and to breach this trust would then discourage others from confiding with priests in the future.  So, even if justice was served in that particular case (assuming the confession led to a correct conviction), it would result in fewer people taking part in what is generally considered a beneficial process.  This could also be said of a patient sharing information with a psychiatrist, or a client seeking legal advice from a lawyer.

Paragraph 11: In the 1940s, one of the leading musical voices of protest from the African American community in America was Josh White, one of the first musicians to make a name for himself singing political blues. White enjoyed a position of political privilege, especially as a black musician, as he established a long and close relationship with the family of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, and would become the closest African American confidant to the President of the United States. He made his first foray into protest music and political blues with his highly controversial Columbia Records album Joshua White & His Carolinians: Chain Gang, produced by John H. Hammond, which included the song "Trouble", which summarised the plight of many African Americans in its opening line of "Well, I always been in trouble, 'cause I'm a black-skinned man." The album was the first race record ever forced upon the white radio stations and record stores in America's South and caused such a furor that it reached the desk of President Roosevelt. On December 20, 1940, White and the Golden Gate Quartet, sponsored by Eleanor Roosevelt, performed in a historic Washington, D.C. concert at the Library of Congress's Coolidge Auditorium to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which abolished slavery. In January 1941, White performed at the President's Inauguration, and two months later he released another highly controversial record album, Southern Exposure, which included six anti-segregationist songs with liner notes written by the celebrated and equally controversial African American writer Richard Wright, and whose sub-title was "An Album of Jim Crow Blues". Like the Chain Gang album, and with revelatory yet inflammatory songs such as "Uncle Sam Says", "Jim Crown Train", "Bad Housing Blues", "Defense Factory Blues", "Southern Exposure", and "Hard Time Blues", it also was forced upon the southern white radio stations and record stores, caused outrage in the South and also was brought to the attention of President Roosevelt. A month later, White sang as a member of the Almanac Singers on their much criticized anti peace-time draft album, Songs for John Doe. Despite this, however, and White's membership in the Almanac Singers, instead of making White persona non grata in segregated America, resulted in President Roosevelt asking White to become the first African American artist to give a White House Command Performance, in 1941, for the Roosevelts were great fans of folk music.

Paragraph 12: Against the backdrop of the "Marshall affair" shifting into a higher gear that saw Zabranjeno Pušenje and New Primitivism essentially proscribed from public activity in various parts of Yugoslavia—with a plethora of canceled Zabranjeno Pušenje gigs, radio playlist bans for their songs, removal of Top lista nadrealista from the Sarajevo radio and television, a legal case being opened against Karajlić, etc.—film critic and columnist Bogdan Tirnanić wrote a long-form piece in March 1985 criticizing Yugoslavia's top-down cultural policies using the phenomenon of New Primitivism as an example. Observing the movement being snuffed out on political grounds and removed from sight immediately after it had been afforded enormous media attention, Tirnanić offers personal support to the beleaguered new primitives by stating he "believes young Karajlić's version of events that what they actually meant was really just the damn amplifier". The writer then posits that "even though it will at some future point in time be completely irrelevant whether these kids had blurted out what's being ascribed to them, none of it affects the essence of the matter because even if this public investigation centered around what Karajlić meant by his Rijeka on-stage quip hadn't been launched the way it had been, as a third-hand one-guy-told-me-so account, the whole new primitive thing was always going to be bitterly dealt with in one way or another". Before expounding on this claim, Tirnanić steps back to offer his views on the creative merits of New Primitivism, proclaiming it "without a doubt one of the biggest media and cultural attractions of 1984 that appeared as a local subcultural philosophy in reaction to the early 1980s Belgrade, Zagreb, and Ljubljana respective rock'n'roll milieus once those cities' punk and new wave scenes began to diminish" and summing it up as a "unique and simple program that outright eliminates the danger of ever becoming, even unconsciously or by chance, an epigone of a global trend due to affirming the distinctive cultural content originating from an authentic natural resource—homo balcanicus—with its wide range of socio-folkloric characteristics: from pulling a čakija to optional personal hygiene". Tirnanić continues by remarking that "it's not always easy to tell whether dr. Nele Karajlić and Elvis J. Kurtović are skewering the characters they narrate about, lampooning them with an ironic campy distance or they genuinely hoist them up to be admired as unique individuals thoroughly cleansed of any traces of civilization outside of the Balkan experience". The writer feels that "which of the two attitudes the new primitive performers end up taking towards their characters seems to vary from situation to situation while they're probably wishing they could have it both ways at the same time" though adding that "they generally do play it with ironic distance more often than straight, but mostly out of necessity in order to make their fairly thin material, in terms of duration and quantity, last a little longer". Tirnanić then turns his attention specifically to the movement's most popular offerings: Top lists nadrealista and Zabranjeno Pušenje's Das ist Walter. When it comes to Top lists nadrealistas 1984 series, though considering it a "welcome breath of fresh air on stale Yugoslav television", the writer also feels that "its socialist-camp style is some twenty years too late after 's early 1960s plays in  and Komarac cabaret".

Paragraph 13: At the beginning of the 20th century, however, it was agreed to build a completely new town hall on the site of Eldkvarn, where the current Stockholm City Hall is located. In 1903, an architectural competition was announced where the competitors would submit proposals for the design of the town hall. The competition was won by Ragnar Östberg, who in 1906 was commissioned to design the new town hall. Östberg was finished with the sketches the following year, but then a motion was presented in the city council () which instead wanted to locate the new town hall in neighborhood of on Kungsholmen. In 1908, the city council finally decided that the new town hall would be located on Kungsholmen, and the idea of building on site of Eldkvarn was abandoned. Östberg's drawings were set aside, and the task of drawing the town hall now went instead to Carl Westman, who had finished in third place in the architectural competition in 1906. The construction work took place during the first half of the 1910s (1912–1915), and in the autumn of 1915 the new Stockholm Court House in National Romantic style at  was inaugurated. The new  had also been built in the same area during the years 1904–1912 (the police station was, so to speak, towards the back of the town hall, across ). The town hall was built in two parallel larger lengths that were connected to each other by three different buildings. Initially, the town hall also contained housing for, among others, the doorman and the caretaker, as well as a restaurant. From the end of the 1940s, the public sector, and thus the municipalities, had been given more and more tasks: the education in Sweden had been expanded, social care and housing construction as well, all technical services in the form of electricity, sewer and water. In the early 1950s, the so-called Large Municipality Reform () was implemented, and the smallest municipalities disappeared. The purpose of the reform was to create logical and rational municipal divisions. The bourgeois municipalities would be so large that they could offer the service that society could expect. The court territorial jurisdiction () was also affected by the municipal changes and rationalized. The judicial districts became significantly larger than they had been before. Further municipal reforms were implemented in the 1960s and 1970s, when, among other things, the old stad concept disappeared. In 1965, the city courts were nationalized, as was the Stockholm City Court, and in the early 1970s the new lower court reform came into force. The assize courts () and city courts () disappeared and were replaced by district courts (). The ceased at the same time. In 1971, the Stockholm District Court was established, whose judicial district included the newly formed Stockholm Municipality. As before, both the court and the chancellery were located in Stockholm.

Paragraph 14: She evidently was close to Isabella de' Medici, and dedicated some of her music to her. In 1570, 1583 and 1586 she published other books of madrigals, all at Venice. Sometime during this period she married a man named Mezari, but no other information is known about him, or where she (or they) were living. Evidently she visited Verona, Milan and Florence, based on information contained in dedications, and likely she went to Venice as well, since her music was published there and numerous Venetians commented on her abilities. She made at least one voyage to the French imperial court in the 1570s.

Paragraph 15: The beginning of the section describing the confrontation between the two rivals is difficult to interpret, but it is presumed Baal falls under the power of Yam, apparently described as “the sieve of destruction”. Mark S. Smith argues that since Yam is still at “the apogee of his power”, Baal apparently curses against him. It has been proposed that he subsequently sinks underneath Yam’s throne and a third party, possibly Ashtart, affirms that he is losing, though the interpretation of this fragment is disputed. However, Kothar-wa-Khasis reassures Baal and crafts two weapons for him, declaring that he will be able to defeat Yam. They are presumed to be either maces or fictional lightning-like weapons, known from depictions of weather gods. They both receive names, meant to designate them as capable of “expelling” and “driving away” Yam from his throne. Baal first strikes him with Yagarrish (“may-it-drive-out”), but is unsuccessful, and only with the second strike, using Ayyamarri (“anyone-it-may-expel”), does he actually defeat him. Yam collapses on the ground, though the fight continues. Baal might be “ensnaring” him. A possible reference to “drying up” has also been identified. In the following passage Ashtart according to most interpreters rebukes Baal, possibly because he did not act quickly or wisely enough in battle. Alternate proposals include understanding her words as a warning not to further harm already defeated Yam, or a curse directed at the sea god. The meaning of the term describing Baal’s actions in Ashtart’s speech, bṯ, is uncertain,though “scatter” has been proposed based on a possible Arabic cognate, baṯṯa, and on similar phrasing of the later section of the text dealing with Anat’s victory over Mot. Ashtart subsequently proclaims Yam is now their captive. This declaration constitutes a reversal of El ordering Baal to become Yam’s captive in an earlier section of the story. In the next passage uncertain speakers, possibly Ashtart and Kothar-wa-Khasis, proclaim Baal’s kingship and state that Yam is dead. However, it is a matter of debate if he is actually destroyed or killed as a result of his battle with Baal. Meindert Dijkstra assumes that he was not, and Baal’s victory only curtailed his power. Mark S. Smith notes that while the verb used to describe the conclusion of the fight, tkly, does have the base meaning of “destroy”, in the light of further references to Yam in the story it is possible that either its verbal mood is meant to indicate that Baal only “would destroy” him if given the chance, or that it constitutes a relic of an earlier version of the story. He proposes that incorporation of the conflict between Baal and Yam into a longer narrative necessitated his reappearance despite a possible earlier version simply concluding with his death. It is also possible that Yam’s continuous presence is meant to highlight that he represents a lasting threat, and perhaps hint at the battles against him repeating eternally.

Paragraph 16: Janice Lincoln meets the Francine Frye version of Electro where she states that she is offering her membership. Janice learned how Francine got her powers as Janice tells her that she is Tombstone's daughter. Janice states that they are building an organization that values and respects the female contributions to the side of evil. Outside of the mentor-ship programs, salons, and a child care facility, Janice states that they had a teleconference Black Mariah from prison and are trying to make contact with Morgan le Fay. Janice then proceeds to introduce Francine to the rest of the team consisting of Lady Octopus, Scorpia, Trapstr (who is deciding if she will replace the E with an A), and White Rabbit. Francine was reluctant to join up with them until Janice states that their first mission has them targeting Boomerang. The Sinister Syndicate begins their mission where they attack the F.E.A.S.T. building that Boomerang is volunteering at. Boomerang tries to reason with Beetle and Electro who are still made at him for betraying him. Beetle states that they aren't targeting F.E.A.S.T., they are targeting him. Beetle leads the Sinister Syndicate in attacking Boomerang. After getting Aunt May to safety, Peter Parker changes into Spider-Man and helps Boomerang fight the Syndicate. The Syndicate starts doing their formation attack until Spider-Man accidentally sets off Boomerang's gaserang which knocks out Spider-Man enough for the Syndicate to make off with Boomerang. As Beetle has Electro write a proposal on how the Syndicate can use Boomerang as an example to the criminal underworld, Beetle leaves while calling Wilson Fisk that they caught Boomerang as she is given the information on where the exchange can happen. Spider-Man goes to visit Randy Robertson and finds him making out with Beetle. As Spider-Man secretly watches them, Randy learns that Janice's Syndicate kidnapped Boomerang and what had transpired at the F.E.A.S.T. building. He tells Janice that she needs to let Boomerang go. Beetle leaves stating that he would not use her disintegrator ray on him because she is nice to Randy. As she flies, Beetle contacts Mayor Wilson Fisk stating that she is sending him the coordinates to Boomerang's location. When Beetle meets up with the Syndicate, they hear Mayor Fisk outside stating that they are harboring a criminal and are to surrender Boomerang to him or suffer the full might of New York City. After reading the paper in Boomerang's hand that belonged to Mayor Fisk, Beetle tells the Syndicate that they should let Boomerang go. While Beetle claimed that she betrayed them, she did it because she's a supervillain and states that she plans to have Kingpin deputize them. The rest of the Syndicate is not up with this plan. Trapstr later stated that she learned about Beetle's boyfriend by hacking her e-mails. The Syndicate then assists Spider-Man against Mayor Fisk's forces. Beetle has Spider-Man evacuate Boomerang while the Syndicate fights Mayor Fisk's forces while not killing them. The Syndicate is defeated and arrested by the police. Their transport is then attacked by an unknown assailant who frees them. At the F.E.A.S.T. building where men working for Mr. Stone are helping to rebuild the building, Aunt May mentioned to Randy Robertson that a high-powered lawyer got Councilman Galazkiewicz to expedite a permit request in exchange for not suing the city on F.E.A.S.T.'s behalf. Randy learns that the lawyer is Janice who invites them to brunch this weekend. Beetle is briefly seen on the nearby rooftop as Randy sees her while accepting the brunch invite.

Paragraph 17:  Smith's theoretical omissions paved the way for the illusion that market trade itself generates economic growth, the effect of that being that the real relationship between the production and distribution of wealth became a mystery. According to Marx, this effect in economic theory was not accidental; it served an ideological justifying purpose, namely to reinforce the idea that only market expansion can be beneficial for economic growth. In fact, the argument becomes rather tautological, i.e. market expansion is thought to be "what you mean" by economic growth. The logical corollary of such an idea was, that all production should ideally be organized as market-oriented production, so that all are motivated to produce more for the purpose of gaining wealth. The real aim behind the justification however was the private accumulation of capital by the owners of property, which depended on the social production of a surplus product by others who lacked sufficient assets to live on. In other words, the justification reflected that market expansion was normally the main legally sanctioned means in capitalist society by which more wealth produced by others could be appropriated by the owners of capital, and that for this purpose any other form of producing and distributing products should be rejected. Economic development then became a question of how private property rights could be established everywhere, so that markets could expand (see also primitive accumulation). This view of the matter, according to Marx, explained precisely why the concept of the social surplus product had vanished from official economic theory in the mid-19th century—after all, this concept raised the difficult political and juridical question of what entitles'' some to appropriate the labour and products of others. Markets were henceforth justified with the simple idea that even if some might gain more than others from market trade, all stood to gain from it; and if they didn't gain something, they would not trade. Marx's reply to that was essentially that most people were in a position where they necessarily had to trade, because if they didn't, they would perish—without having much control over the terms of trade. In that respect, the owners of capital were in a vastly stronger position than workers who owned only some personal belongings (and perhaps some small savings).

Paragraph 18: Following shakedown off the New England coast, S-42 departed New London, Connecticut, in January 1925 and moved south to Coco Solo, whence she operated, both in the Caribbean Sea and in the Pacific Ocean, until the spring of 1927. Then ordered to Hawaii, she cleared the Gulf of Panama in May, was refitted in California, and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 22 July. The following month, she joined other fleet units in searching for missing Dole Air Race competitors and, later in the year, returned to California. Overhaul followed; and, on 4 February 1928, she rejoined the Battle Force at San Diego, California, where she was based into 1930. In December of that year, S-42’s division was transferred to Pearl Harbor. She then operated in Hawaiian waters and during annual fleet problems, off the Panama Canal Zone and in the Caribbean. From 1932 through 1935, however, she rotated between those active duty operations with Submarine Division 11 and inactive periods with Reserve Submarine Division 14.

Paragraph 19: Rohan and Simi are childhood friends. Rohan likes a girl from college named Preeti and Simi helps bring Rohan and Preeti closer. However, Preeti feels awkward, insecure and jealous; because she feels Rohan and Simi's friendship is getting in the way. At this point, Simi's fiancé Vicky enters with his good friend Ranjit, Preeti comes to find out that Vicky is Simi's fiancé and that they're engagement party is to be held tomorrow. At the engagement party Simi dances with Vicky and Rohan dances with Preeti. After the engagement party Vicky flies out on a business trip, whilst Rohan, Simi and Preeti attend a party. At the party, whilst Rohan and Preeti are dancing, Ranjit visits Simi, he says he was on the way to the airport but wanted to give Simi a gift before he left, as her family looked after him very well during his trip in India. Ranjit says he left the gift in the cab and persuades Simi to follow him to the cab to get the gift. However, before they could reach the cab, Ranjit pushes Simi into a spare room and brutally rapes her. Simi calls out Rohan's name but by the time Rohan comes, it's too late. Rohan chases the cab that Ranjit is in, but Ranjit's cab meets with an accident and Ranjit dies. Simi doesn't tell Vicky and wants to wait to tell him in person. Whilst on the way to pick Vicky from the airport, Simi is on the phone with Rohan, when she has an accident. At the hospital, the Doctor tells Rohan that Simi is pregnant and abortion shouldn't be considered as it is very risky, which Vicky overhears. No one believes, Simi when she tells them that Ranjit raped her, Simi's parents and Vicky blame Rohan and Vicky calls off the engagement and leaves. Rohan decides to accept Simi and the baby and proposes to her to save her from humiliation; they get engaged. Just as the wedding is approaching, and Simi is heavily pregnant, Vicky returns. He realized he was wrong and asks for a second chance, Simi agrees. Rohan pretends to be happy for Simi, but he's really heartbroken, as he truly loves Simi. At Rohan's football match, Simi explains to Vicky that they're only pretending to be a couple, so that Rohan and Preeti can get back together. Preeti enters and tells Simi that Rohan loves Simi and only Simi. At this point, Simi gets labour pains and everyone rushes her to the hospital. Simi gives birth to a baby girl and when the nurse asks who the father is she says Rohan's name. After this, both Simi and Rohan are together.

Paragraph 20: On May 14, 1818, six months after the creation of the Alabama Territory, Hitchcock was appointed its first secretary by Governor William Wyatt Bibb. He also participated in the writing of Alabama's first constitution, representing Washington County in the constitutional convention in Huntsville on July 5, 1819.  Hitchcock was elected as the State's first Attorney General by the General Assembly in December 1819.  In 1821, he married Ann Erwin (1803-1854).  Two sons were Henry Hitchcock (1829-1902), a prominent attorney in St. Louis, Missouri, and Ethan Hitcocock (1835-1909), served as United States Secretary of the Interior under William McKinley.  Hitchcock then had the distinction of producing the first book printed in the State of Alabama entitled, The Alabama Justice of the Peace, Containing All the Duties, Powers and Authorities of That Office, which was published in Cahawaba, Alabama, in 1822.  In 1826, Hitchcock was appointed United States District Attorney for the Mobile region. On January 9. 1835, Hitchcock was elected to fill a vacancy on the Alabama Supreme Court.  He became Chief Justice in June 1836.  Hitchcock was also a very astute businessman, reputedly the wealthiest man in Alabama before feeling the effects of the Panic of 1837. On August 11, 1839, Hitchcock succumbed to yellow fever during one of the worst epidemics of that disease in Mobile's history.

Paragraph 21: Vape shops are mainly small, independent businesses. They are started by owners of tobacco retailers and small bands of investors. There are also regional chains. The majority of vape shops are owned by individuals who vape. Vape shop owners mainly use the internet to get information on e-cigarettes, rather than rely on science-based evidence. The main source of information on e-cigarette products for vape shops is social media channels. Information is also obtained from e-cigarette company sales representatives and vape product warehouses, which could play a key role in informing vape shops of new e-cigarette products and in guiding shops on which items to offer and sell. Vape shops owners believe e-cigarettes are a lot safer than traditional cigarettes. Vape shop owners generally believe vaping is a habit. Vape shop owners described e-cigarette use as a hobby. Several vape shop owners stated that vaping provided an option to use nicotine in places where smoking was banned. Vape shop owners did not consider e-liquid nicotine addictive. Many vape shop owners thought that smokers have an addiction to the other chemicals in cigarettes, but not nicotine. Vape shop retailers demonstrated little interest in dealing with nicotine addiction. It has been reported that many vape shop owners do not know all of the substances contained in e-liquids. Some vape shop owners recognized that some e-liquids were made in unsanitary conditions. Retailers said that e-cigarette vapors is made up of merely water vapors, however, the evidence does not support this assertion. According to the view of among vape shop owners, Big Tobacco's entrance in the vaping industry will remain unsettling, as they pay for influence in the marketability of these devices, particularly to a younger audience. Some vape shop owners believed that it would be better if e-cigarettes were not regulated as tobacco products and thought that Big Tobacco was responsible for the proposed US FDA rules. A 2018 study found that local vape shops were often unaware of pending regulation in the US. This may be because vape shops struggled just to stay open: 20% of the sample closed over the course of a year, a 2018 report stated. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported in 2019 that more than 380 cases of lung illness and six confirmed deaths across the US was linked to vaping, but TD Bowen, co-owner of Moon Mountain vape shop and e-liquids, says it is illicit vaping products that is the culprit. "I feel like it's a blatant lie though, the headlines, because it's not e-cigarettes that are doing it. There are ingredients and illicit drugs that are being sold on the street," said TD Bowen.

Paragraph 22: Gardner remained at Sunderland for the 2012–13 season, dismissing rumours that he was unsettled on Wearside. He was deployed as a right-back by O'Neill for much of the season. His first goal of the season came from a direct free kick against MK Dons in a 2–0 League Cup victory on 25 September. Gardner scored again from a free kick in a 2–4 home defeat against West Bromwich Albion, and scored the Black Cats' consolation goal in a 2–1 loss at Norwich City in December. On 5 January, Gardner scored a late equaliser in their FA Cup 3rd Round tie away at Bolton Wanderers with a powerful strike from the edge of the box, earning Sunderland a replay. He scored a penalty as Sunderland lost 2–1 at Reading in January. In March, Gardner conceded a penalty by bringing down Ashkan Dejagah in the box, but made amends by scoring another penalty to help Sunderland draw 2–2. Gardner scored yet another penalty as Sunderland drew at home to Norwich later that month, bringing his tally for the season to eight. Despite Gardner's goals, Sunderland were on a run of eight games without a win, and following a home defeat to Manchester United, O'Neill was sacked and replaced with Paolo Di Canio. Gardner started Di Canio's first game in charge, a 2–1 loss at Chelsea, and picked up his tenth yellow card of the season. As a result, Gardner missed the Tyne-Wear derby at Newcastle through suspension. However, Di Canio allowed Gardner to travel to the game with Sunderland supporters and watch the game with the fans in the away end. Gardner was seen singing with Sunderland fans on the Metro journey to Tyneside, and celebrating as Sunderland thrashed their rivals 3–0. Gardner returned to the team following his suspension, but against Stoke was shown a straight red card for a challenge on Charlie Adam, ending his season prematurely.

Paragraph 23: The Earldom of Cornwall passed to various English nobles throughout the High Middle Ages, but in 1337 the earldom was given the status of a duchy, and Edward, the Black Prince, the first son and heir of King Edward III of England, became the first Duke of Cornwall as a means for the prince to raise his own capital. Large parts of Cornwall were owned by Edward, 1st Duke of Cornwall, and successive English Dukes of Cornwall became the largest landowners in Cornwall; The monarchy of England established two special administrative institutions in Cornwall, the first being the Duchy of Cornwall (one of only two in the Kingdom of England) and the second being the Cornish Stannary Courts and Parliaments (which governed Cornwall's tin industry). These two institutions allowed "ordinary Cornish people to believe that they had been granted a unique constitutional status to reflect their unique cultural identity". However, the Duchy of Cornwall gradually lost its political autonomy from England, a state which became increasingly centralised in London, and by the early-Tudor period the Cornish had begun to see themselves as "a conquered people whose culture, liberties, and prosperity had been downgraded by the English". This view was exacerbated in the 1490s by heavy taxation imposed by King Henry VII of England upon the impoverished Cornish to raise funds for his military campaigns against King James IV of Scotland and Perkin Warbeck, as well as Henry VII's suspension of the privileges of the Cornish Stannaries. Having provided "more than their fair share of soldiers and sailors" for the conflict in northern England, and feeling aggrieved at "Cornwall's status as England's poorest county", a popular uprising out of Cornwall ensued—the Cornish rebellion of 1497. The rebellion was initially a political march from St Keverne to London led by Thomas Flamank and Michael An Gof, motivated by a "mixture of reasons"; to raise money for charity; to celebrate their community; to present their grievances to the Parliament of England, but gathered pace across the West Country as a revolt against the king.

Paragraph 24: “Baba [Swami Muktananda] had just begun delivering his discourse with his opening statement: ‘Today’s subject is meditation. The crux of the question is: What do we meditate upon?’ Continuing his talk, Baba said: ‘Kundalini starts dancing when one repeats Om Namah Shivaya.’Hearing this, I mentally repeated the mantra, I noticed that my breathing was getting heavier. Suddenly, I felt a great impact of a rising force within me. The intensity of this rising kundalini force was so tremendous that my body lifted up a little and fell flat into the aisle; my eyeglasses flew off. As I lay there with my eyes closed, I could see a continuous fountain of dazzling white lights erupting within me. In brilliance, these lights were brighter than the sun but possessed no heat at all. I was experiencing the thought-free state of "I am," realizing that "I" have always been, and will continue to be, eternal. I was fully conscious and completely aware while I was experiencing the pure "I am," a state of supreme bliss. Outwardly, at that precise moment, Baba shouted delightedly from his platform, "Mene kuch nahi kiya; kisiko shakti ne pakda" ("I didn’t do anything. The Energy has caught someone"). Baba noticed that the dramatic awakening of kundalini in me frightened some people in the audience. Therefore, he said, ‘Do not be frightened. Sometimes kundalini gets awakened in this way, depending upon a person's type.

Paragraph 25: While replenishing supplies at an island village, the group is ambushed by Al Karria, an elite Yufurat royal guard. Al murders Sindbad's father, kidnaps Mariam, and strands the Prince and Sindbad on the island. Within the island's temple, the Jinn learns a spell that allows the group to teleport to Mahamoud. The Prince informs King Mahamoud of Mariam's capture and meets the magician Kala Han, who suspects that Mariam is being held in the Yufurat Empire's capital Gylan. The Prince obtains a Gylan passport from a Yufurat deserter and infiltrates Al Karria's castle, but falls into a trap and is imprisoned in Al's dungeon. The Prince escapes execution and releases Mariam, who discloses the Emperor's goal to obtain the holy rings, her ring having been taken. The group returns to Mahamoud, where Kala Han reveals that the third ring is hidden in a tomb near the village of Uruk. Mariam, grateful for her rescue, gives the Prince an amulet capable of putting the dead to rest. At Uruk, the group retrieves a hammer that can open the tomb from the hideout of Ali Baba and his bandits, who have been terrorizing the village. Upon retrieving the third ring, the Prince is contacted by Jamshid's spirit, who warns the Prince of Ahriman's plot to escape his imprisonment by destroying the rings. Outside the tomb, the Prince is tricked by Al, disguised as Mariam, into relinquishing the lamp. The resistance group finds the Prince in Uruk and recruits him into an operation to liberate Shadam. The Prince infiltrates the castle and confronts Al, who appears to hold King Shadam hostage for the other two rings. After taking the rings, Al reveals the King to be a zombie reanimated to serve Yufurat. After being forced into battle with the King and the Jinn, the Prince uses Mariam's amulet to put his father's spirit to rest.

Paragraph 26: Zack Novak and Stu Douglass led the Wolverines in scoring in their conference season opening 71–65 loss to Indiana on New Year's Eve.  Sims and Harris led the way to the first conference victory on January 3 against a #15-ranked Ohio State team without its leading scorer, Evan Turner.  On January 7, the Wolverines came from 16 points behind to defeat the Penn State Nittany Lions on the strength of four second half three point shots by Laval Lucas-Perry and 25 points from Sims. On January 10, they wasted a 17-point lead in a loss to Northwestern despite 24 points from Harris and 17 from Sims. On January 11, Sims became the second Wolverine to earn Big Ten Player of the Week for his efforts during week nine (January 4–10).  The Wolverines won the January 14 rematch against Indiana under the leadership of Harris who had 17 second half points and Sims who added 20 points and 8 rebounds.  Michigan then earned its first win against a ranked non-conference opponent and their second consecutive win against a ranked opponent on January 17 when it defeated #15 Connecticut 68–63 behind 18 points and 8 rebounds from Harris.  Subsequently, they lost three consecutive games to ranked conference opponents.  On January 20, Michigan opened up a lead on Wisconsin who missed its first eight field goal attempts.  They led until Wisconsin tied the game with 4 minutes and 4 seconds remaining.  Wisconsin scored two subsequent baskets to take the lead.  Wisconsin held on despite 23 points and 13 rebounds from Sims. On January 23, while Manny Harris served a one-game suspension, Sims posted 21 points and Novak added 16, but after taking an 11–10 lead, the Wolverines surrendered a 16–2 run to Purdue that they never recovered from. On January 26, the Wolverines hosted Michigan State who needed a Kalin Lucas basket with 3.5 seconds to play to earn the win, which resulted in Michigan state posting a school-record eight consecutive conference victories to start conference play. On January 30, Michigan finished the month with a 60–46 win against Iowa to snap its three-game losing streak. Harris and Sims both contributed 20 points. Sims had 12 rebounds as well.  Michigan scored the first 13 points of the game and after taking a 12-point lead into halftime, they scored the first 5 points of the second half.

Paragraph 27: From the body skeleton of Simomylodon mainly the elements of the forelimbs and hindlimbs have been preserved. The in plan view triangular shoulder blade was largely similar to that of other mylodonts and possessed a massive shoulder bone. This extended ventrally and merged with the acromion or shoulder level, which in turn joined with the coracoid process. This created a characteristic arch called the "acromiocoracoid arch," a striking characteristic of sloths. The humerus measured 20.8 to 25.8 cm in length and had a hemispherical condyle to which the small protuberance (tuberculum minus) was directly attached. The large protuberance (tuberculum majus) merged into a pronounced deltopectoral groin on the shaft side, which functioned as a muscle attachment site. It was more prominent than in Glossotherium or Lestodon. The lower end of the joint protruded characteristically, but the external epicondyle was less conspicuously developed than in Glossotherium. The radius reached a length of 18.9 to 20.1 cm and appeared comparatively shorter and more compact than in Paramylodon, for example. The ulna has been preserved only fragmentarily, lacking the significant upper articular process, the olecranon. However, it was comparatively short in shape. The femur was 30.7 to 34.3 cm long. It was board-like flat, as in most ground sloths. Its shaft curved slightly sideways. There was a roughened area on the outer longitudinal edge that indicated the third rolling mound and was more developed than in Glossotherium.  The greater trochanter was broad and deep, but not very raised, and thus lay below the condyle. This in turn sat on a short neck. At only 15.4 to 18.8 cm long, the tibia was barely half the length of the femur. This is typical for mylodonts and a clear contrast to, for example, the Megatheriidae with their strikingly longer lower leg sections. The joint ends appeared robust and broad in Simomylodon, the upper exceeding the lower in width, which is typical of ground-dwelling sloths. In addition to the slender fibula, a cyamella was also developed, a sesamoid bone of globular shape. Hands and feet survived with single root bones, metapodials, and phalanges. Reconstructed, the hand consisted of five rays, but only the first three fingers were claw-reinforced, which can be recognized by the corresponding pointed end-limbs. This configuration also commonly occurs in later mylodonts. The metacarpal bones were slender and elongate in construction. The third metacarpal reached up to 7.2 cm in length and in some cases was fused to the capitate bone. The second and first metacarpal bones were 5.5 and 3.8 cm long, respectively. The longest was the fourth with about 8 cm, while the outer one had the dimensions of the third. Only a few metatarsals are documented from the foot, except for the talus and calcaneus and other root bones, which also appeared relatively slender and graceful.

Paragraph 28: In 1985, KRTH solidified its oldies format, adopting the motto "Classic Rock and Roll". K-Earth began promoting its "Good Time Oldies" image with frequent TV ads featuring Beach Boys music, classic cars, palm trees, and the ever-present K-Earth jingle. The songs featured were from 1955 to 1978, with the focus largely on the 1960s. Doo-wop, early rock, Motown, girl groups, Elvis Presley, and the Beatles were the mainstays of the station's music mix. Throughout the 1980s, K-Earth would feature huge weekend specialties, including #1 music over the Labor Day weekend. Every L.A. #1 song would be played in chronological order (utilizing the older KHJ Boss 30, KFWB Fab Forty, and other local charts) from 1955 through 1985. The weekend before would feature the "Runners Up of Classic Rock and Roll Weekend", consisting of #2 songs. The "Firecracker 300" was played over the Fourth of July weekend. Other specials included a Memorial Day weekend "A to Z", the "Super Sixties Weekend", and the "Souvenirs of the Seventies Weekend". In February 1986, KHJ adopted the KRTH call letters; this necessitated the FM station adjusting its call sign to KRTH-FM. In 1988, RKO General sold  to Beasley Broadcasting due to the scandals involving KHJ-TV which forced the former company out of broadcasting.

Paragraph 29: Federico Matalascallando Corcuera, known as Quico, is a spoiled, greedy, overprotected 9-year-old boy, son of Doña Florinda and a late naval captain (also named Federico), who reportedly died when his vessel was attacked and, according to Quico, was eaten by a white shark. Arrogant, manipulative, and envious, Quico always wants to draw everyone's attention to himself, either by screaming loudly or by showing off his newest toy. Because of this, he usually gets El Chavo in trouble when he does something wrong, especially to Don Ramón, after which Don Ramón hits El Chavo angrily on the head. Partially due to his mother's influence (and former wealth and status as the wife of a naval officer), he believes that he and his mother are superior to everyone else in the neighborhood. He still finds time to play with—as he and his mother call them – chusma ("riffraff"), namely Chavo, Chilindrina, and Don Ramón. However, Quico has proved many times to be Chavo's best friend, often assisting him in Chavo's mischievous acts, as seen due to the fact that they are mostly seen playing together in the front yard, and that he was genuinely hurt when El Chavo left La Vecindad in the episodes "El Ratero de la Vecindad" and "El Billete de Loteria". Moreover, Quico is a good kid deep inside, even though there are several occasions in which he acts self-centered. Quico wears a rainbow-colored beanie cap, a dark blue naval officer's shirt with a red ascot, bright yellow socks he pulls all the way up to his knees, and white low-top shoes. He is also widely identified by his enormous cheeks, which he can puff out quite largely, and his minuscule intelligence, often responding to the Spanish words for idiot, stupid, dummy, etc. (he even displays delight about being called such things, oblivious to the fact that all these words are insults). Despite his stupidity, Quico displays more deceptive abilities and common sense than Chavo, and is the most likely to break the fourth wall (especially regarding that four of his quotes do this so). Often in the series Quico mentions that he has or that his mom will buy him a "square ball" and in "Termina el Romance" he and El Chavo refused to help Professor Jirafales reconcile with his mother due to Professor Jirafales having promised to them a square ball. In 1979, when Carlos Villagran quit the show, Quico is said (in the episode named "Vámonos al Cinema?") to have gone off to live with his rich godmother, reportedly "unable to stand the riffraff anymore." No one in the show ever talked about him afterwards, or said anything about his absence, as if he had never existed. Villagran's character, Quico, starred in a rather short-lived spin-off series, ¡Ah qué Kiko! in the late 1980s, which attempted to revive the series using a "hip-hop" twist and gave Villagran's character a slight wardrobe make-over.

Paragraph 30: Barber's first attempt, modeled for the half dollar, disregarded Leech's instructions. Instead of a design based on French coinage, it depicted a standing figure of Columbia, bearing a pileus (a crown fashioned from an olive branch) atop a liberty pole; an eagle spreading its wings stands behind her. The reverse utilized the heraldic eagle from the Great Seal of the United States, enclosed inside a thick oak wreath, with the required legends surrounding the rim. Leech rejected the design, and Barber submitted a revised obverse in mid-September with a head of Liberty similar to that on the adopted coin. Leech got feedback from friends and from Secretary Foster; on September 28, he wrote Barber that Liberty's lips were "rather voluptuous" and directed him to prepare a reverse without the wreath. Barber did so, and pattern coins based on the revised design were struck. Barber complained, in a letter on October 2 to Superintendent Bosbyshell, but intended for Leech, that the constant demands for changes were wasting his time. Leech replied, stating that he did not care how much effort was expended in order to improve the design, especially since, once issued, they would have to be used for 25 years. Barber's reply was transmitted to Leech on October 6 with a cover letter from Acting Superintendent Mark Cobb (Bosbyshell was traveling) stating that Barber "disclaims any intention to be captious and certainly did not intend to question your prerogative as one of the officers designed by law to pass upon new designs for coinage". The letter from Barber was a lengthy technical explanation for various design elements, and requested further advice from Leech if he had preferences; the overall tone was argumentative. Leech chose not to write again; he addressed one concern, about whether the olive branches in the design were rendered accurately, by visiting the National Botanical Garden, obtaining one, and sending it to Barber.