Paragraph 1: On 26 December 1556, he was received into the clergy, by being tonsured by Dominique de Bigorre, Bishop of Albi, administrator of the Diocese of Auch in the name of Cardinal Ippolito d'Este (1551-1563). He was sent first to the nearby College of Auch as tutor to the sons of a local merchant, Thomas de Marca, then, in the first week of May, 1559, to the Collège de France, Paris. There he studied rhetoric and philosophy for more than two years with the famous humanist logician and mathematician Petrus Ramus, who became his friend. He was unfortunately drawn into an academic dispute between his master Ramus and the famous Jacques Charpentier, Rector, Dean, Censor, and finally (in his victory over Ramus) Professor of Medicine and Mathematics at the College Royale (1566). Seeing his own reputation and prospects diminishing as a result of the quarrel, Ossat withdrew to Bourges at the end of 1565 or beginning of 1566. He studied law briefly at Bourges under the famous legist Jacques Cujas, though his legal studies ultimately filled more than two years. He was back in Paris by 8 September 1568, when he wrote to his mother that he was going to practice as an advocate before the Parlement of Paris. Around the same time he agreed to act as a director of the studies of the twenty-three year old Jean de la Barrière, the abbot of the Feuillants and its eventual reformer, who was eager for guidance in the pursuit of an ecclesiastical career.

Paragraph 2: Louis Virtel, from TheBacklot.com, placed "Beautiful Stranger" at number 36 of his list "The 100 Greatest Madonna Songs"; he felt that "Orbit's psychedelic styling suit Madonna's groovy wistfulness perfectly". Author Phil Dellio wrote in his book Interrupting My Train of Thought that although "Beautiful Stranger" had similarities to Madonna's own "Ray of Light" (1998), it had "better melody, better vocal, better light show. It's about the trippiest, most propulsive above-ground dance music since the first two minutes of Led Zeppelin's 'How Many More Times'." J. Randy Taraborrelli wrote in Madonna: An Intimate Biography that Madonna's 2000 song "Amazing", from her eight studio album Music sounded like a cousin to "Beautiful Stranger" with its inspired composition. While ranking Madonna's singles, in honor of her 60th birthday, The Guardians Jude Rogers placed "Beautiful Stranger" at number 34, calling it a "gorgeously slinky, impish love song". In a list of the "99 Best Songs of 1999", Rolling Stone writer Rob Sheffield placed the track at number 27 and praised it for being "the most shagadelic disco hit by a megastar shimmying into the big 4-0", adding that "Madonna has never sounded so loose, so lithe, so funny". The song received a Grammy award at the 42nd ceremony, in the category of Best Song Written for Visual Media. It was also nominated in the category of Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. It was also nominated for a Golden Globe award for Best Original Song, but lost to Phil Collinss "You'll Be in My Heart". At the 2000 ASCAP Pop Awards it was awarded the Most Performed Song. It also won the Ivor Novello Award for Most Performed Work, while also being nominated for Best Contemporary Song. The 1999 MTV Europe Music Awards also nominated the track in the category of Best Song. "Beautiful Stranger" was nominated as Favorite Song From a Movie at the 1999 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards.

Paragraph 3: After commissioning, the ship briefly visited Galveston, Tex. then headed for NS Norfolk, Va., to complete her outfitting and initial loading. On 13 October, the dock landing ship sailed for the West Coast. After transiting the Panama Canal, she reached NS San Diego, Calif., her home port, and joined the Amphibious Forces, Pacific Fleet. The ship held amphibious exercises and acceptance trials off San Diego in February 1957. Further training exercises occupied her until 29 May, when she got underway for the Marshall Islands. Alamo paused at Pearl Harbor from 6 to 8 June to load amphibious craft, then continued on to the Marshall Islands. She discharged the craft at Eniwetok on 14 June and for the next 10 days, provided shuttle service between Eniwetok and Bikini Atolls. Alamo put to sea from Bikini on 22 June and steamed by way of Pearl Harbor to San Diego where she loaded landing craft, tugs, and spare parts before sailing for Pearl Harbor on 23 July. There, on 6 August, she embarked Marines and their equipment and put to sea for participation in "Operation Tradewind", conducted in the area of Lahaina Roads, Maui. Alamo returned from this exercise on 15 August; then left Pearl Harbor four days later to return to San Diego.

Paragraph 4: MS 182 begins at an intersection with US 82 west of Starkville in Oktibbeha County, heading southeast as a two-lane undivided road. The highway runs through forested areas with some fields and homes, passing through the community of Adaton. The road continues through rural areas and curves east. MS 182 enters Starkville and comes to an interchange with MS 25. At this interchange, the highway becomes a four-lane road called Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive West and passes commercial development before it narrows back to two lanes and runs through wooded areas with homes and businesses. The road continues east through more commercial areas as it passes to the north of downtown Starkville, with the name changing to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive East at the Dr. Douglas L. Conner Drive intersection. MS 182 gains a center left-turn lane and intersects the southern terminus of MS 389 a short distance later. The highway passes more businesses and comes to a bridge over a Kansas City Southern Railway line. MS 182 widens into a four-lane divided highway and comes to an interchange with MS 12 on the eastern border of Starkville. After this, the road passes through the northern portion of the Mississippi State University campus.

Paragraph 5: For the 2015–16 season, Hanyu returned to his short program Ballade No. 1 and selected the soundtrack of the films Onmyōji and Onmyōji II by Shigeru Umebayashi for the free skate, portraying the Japanese philosopher and astronomer Abe no Seimei. He started the season by winning gold at the 2015 Autumn Classic, finishing 36 points ahead of silver medalist Nam Nguyen. However, in his first Grand Prix event at Skate Canada, he placed sixth in the short program after invalidating two jumping passes, finishing second overall behind Patrick Chan. Hanyu had been struggling with his short program layout throughout the previous season that included a quad toe loop and triple Lutz-triple toe loop combination in the second half. While his coach Brian Orser suggested a more "conservative" change, Hanyu decided to add another quad, stating: "I thought by the time of the Pyeongchang Olympics, you cannot win without a short program that includes two quads with difficult entries and exits—plus excellent footwork, spins, and presentation. As the reigning Olympic champion, I want to be absolutely dominant." The offensive strategy earned him a series of back-to-back world records within two weeks: At the 2015 NHK Trophy, he set new highest scores of 106.33 in the short program, 216.07 in the free skate, and 322.40 in the combined total, becoming the first skater to score above 200 and 300 points in the two segments, respectively. It was the first free skate performance of Hanyu's competitive career with all-positive grades of execution, featuring three quadruple jumps and two triple Axels. At the 2015–16 Grand Prix Final in Barcelona, he broke his own records in all three segments with 110.95 points in the short program, 219.48 in the free skate, and 330.43 overall, becoming the first man to win the Grand Prix Final for three consecutive seasons. He finished 37.48 points ahead of Javier Fernández, breaking the record of the largest victory margin at the Grand Prix Final, which was held by Evgeni Plushenko with 35.10 points in 2004. At the Japan Championships, Hanyu won his fourth consecutive national title after placing first in both segments. However, a lingering pain in his left foot worsened throughout the season, threatening his participation at the 2016 World Championships in Boston. At the event, he managed to skate another clean short program of 110.56 points, but faltered in the free skate, placing second overall behind Fernández. It was subsequently announced that Hanyu had been diagnosed with a Lisfranc injury in his left foot, forcing him off ice for two months.

Paragraph 6: The International Committee of the Red Cross, a private humanitarian institution based in Switzerland, provided the first official symbol for medical personnel. The first Geneva convention, originally called for "Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field", officially adopted the red cross on a field of white as the identifying emblem. This symbol was meant to signify to enemy combatants that the medic qualifies as a non-combatant, at least while providing medical care. Islamic countries use a Red Crescent instead. During the 1876–1878 war between Russia and Turkey, the Ottoman Empire declared that it would use a red crescent instead of a red cross as its emblem, although it agreed to respect the red cross used by the other side. Although these symbols were officially sponsored by the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, the Magen David Adom (Red Star of David, MDA), Israel's emergency relief service, used the Magen David (a red star of David on a white background). Israeli medics still wear the Magen David. To enable the MDA to become a fully recognized and participating member of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, Protocol III was adopted. It is an amendment to the Geneva Conventions relating to the Adoption of an Additional Distinctive Emblem and authorizes the use of a new emblem, known as the third protocol emblem or the Red Crystal. For indicative use on foreign territory, any national society can incorporate its unique symbol into the Red Crystal. Under Protocol III, the MDA will continue to employ the red Magen David for domestic use, and will employ the Red Crystal on international relief missions.

Paragraph 7: Keroppi and Friends (1989-1994, TV Series) Narrator (voice)Babar: The Movie (1989) .... Cornelius (voice)Babar (1989-1991, TV Series) .... Cornelius (voice)Divided Loyalties (1990) .... Sir William JohnsonCounterstrike (1990-1991, TV Series) .... Kistler / Police Inspector / Sgt. LutherStreet Legal (1990-1992, TV Series) .... Ronald Spencer Sr. / Judge RitterManiac Mansion (1990, TV Series) .... Santa ClausMarried to It (1991) .... DaveSweating Bullets (1991, TV Series) .... CorlissMark Twain and Me (1991, TV Movie) .... CaptainRupert (1991, TV Series) .... (voice)Hello Kitty and Friends (1991-1995, TV Series) .... (voice)Road to Avonlea (1992, TV Series) .... Mr. McCorkadaleA Cry in the Night (1992, TV Movie) .... ClydeBy Way Of The Stars (1992-1993, TV Mini-Series) .... Captain HarrisKung Fu: The Legend Continues (1993, TV Series) .... Mike WestThe Busy World of Richard Scarry (1993-1996, TV Series) .... (voice)RoboCop: The Series (1994, TV Series) .... Dr. Roger YungTales from the Cryptkeeper (1994, TV Series) ... Slim (voice)Butterbox Babies (1995) .... Senator DanverBlack Fox (1995, TV Movie) .... Ralph HoltzBlack Fox: The Price of Peace (1995, TV Movie) .... Ralph HoltzVoices (1995) .... Angus FergussonUltraforce (1995, TV Series) .... (voice)The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (1995–1998, TV Series) .... Robert Cansington (voice)Sailor Moon (1995, TV Series) .... Narrator / Mr. Baxter (voice)The Neverending Story (1995, TV Series) .... Mr. Correander (voice)Little Bear (1995-2003, TV Series) .... (voice)Sins of Silence (1996, TV Movie) .... Father FlanniganPippi Longstocking (1997) .... Fridolf (voice)Fast Track (1997, TV Series) .... Carl ScannelFreaky Stories (1997, TV Series) .... Narrator ("Battleship")Windsor Protocol (1997, TV Movie) .... Sir Charles FergusonEarth: Final Conflict (1998, TV Series) .... Tim O'MalleyEvidence of Blood (1998, TV Movie) .... Horace TalbottThunder Point (1998, TV Movie) .... Charles FergusonPippi Longstocking (1998, TV Series) .... Fridolf (voice)The Defenders: Taking the First (1998, TV Movie)Birdz (1998, TV Series) .... Officer Pigeon (voice)Mythic Warriors: Guardians of the Legend (1998-1999, TV Series) .... King Proetus / Elderly Stable Hand / Great OracleBabar: King of the Elephants (1999) .... Cornelius (voice)Redwall (1999-2002, TV Series) .... Abbot Mortimer / Mangiz the Seer / Crow (voice)Franklin (2000-2004, TV Series) .... Mr. GroundhogFranklin's Magic Christmas (2001, Video) .... Mr. Collie (voice)Pecola (2001-2003, TV Series) ... (English version, voice)The Snowman Who Saved Summer (2002, Video short) .... Santa ClausThe Piano Man's Daughter (2003, TV Movie) .... James KilworthReGenesis (2005, TV Series) .... Vascily PopovOur Fathers (2005, TV Movie) .... Angelo's Old PriestFour Minutes (2006, TV Movie) .... BurnettBabar and the Adventures of Badou'' (2010-2015, TV Series) .... Cornelius (voice), (final appearance)

Paragraph 8: Harry reluctantly goes along with the scheme because he is still in love with his ex-wife, Sandy, and being injured might bring her back. The insurance company's lawyers at O'Brien, Thompson and Kincaid suspect that the paralysis is a fake, but all but one of their medical experts say that it is real.  The experts are convinced by the remnants of a compressed vertebra (in fact, Hinkle suffered the injury as a child), and Hinkle's responses, helped by the numbing shots of novocaine Gingrich has had a paroled dentist give him. The one holdout, Swiss Professor Winterhalter, is convinced that Hinkle is a fake. With no medical evidence to base their case on, O'Brien, Thompson and Kincaid hire Cleveland's best private detective, Chester Purkey, to keep Hinkle under constant surveillance. However, Gingrich sees Purkey entering the apartment building across the street and lets Hinkle know they are being watched and recorded - and after Sandy arrives, warns him not to indulge in any hanky panky with her. He proceeds to feed misinformation to Purkey; he incorporates the "Harry Hinkle Foundation", a non-profit charity to which all the proceeds of any settlement are to go, above and beyond the medical expenses. When Sandy questions Gingrich about this in private, he tells her that it is just a scam to put pressure on the insurance company to settle, and that there will be enough money in the settlement for everyone. Hinkle begins to enjoy having Sandy back again, but he feels bad when he sees that Boom-Boom is so guilt-ridden, his performance on the field suffers; he is booed by the fans and then grounded by the team for getting drunk and involved in a bar fight.

Paragraph 9: During the second government of José Antonio Páez, the Congress enacted, in May 1840, a new immigration law which provided for a policy of economic and cultural exchanges between Venezuela and Europe. The entrepreneurs received loans on the condition that they accept immigrants over a period of two years. Given the huge population deficit that existed at that time in Venezuela, the Minister of Interior and Justice at the time, Angel Quintero, called for collaboration to Agustín Codazzi (traveler and geographer) so that he could indicate the lands eligible to attract European immigration in order to increase the productivity of the country. From the outset, Codazzi thought of Germany because of its economic situation. Along with Alexander Benitz, he began planning an organized immigration. Codazzi made explorations in various fields owned by the family Tovar, who had offered to donate them to establish a colony. So, Codazzi started a propaganda effort to get people to join the project and he chose families from the south of Germany, who then would travel to colonize the country. These families had to be masons, carpenters, blacksmiths, weavers, shoemakers and tailors. They came from the Grand Duchy of Baden and surrounding areas of (Germany), especially from Kaiserstuhl. These areas not only had many taxes, but also had problems related to agricultural productivity. These families left their country in 1842. Thus, on October 14, 1841, 374 people come formally to a Venezuelan port, founding the current La Colonia Tovar, with European structures and their particular lifestyle. He formed a company that had as partners Agustin Codazzi and Ramon Diaz, and as a guarantor to Martin Tovar y Ponte. That same year he began work on the land donated by Manuel Felipe Tovar, which would serve as home to German immigrants. Once in Tovar, it was found that of the eighty houses promised only twenty had been built. In addition, the assigned land had been deforested. Nor was there an access road. The administrator to the settlers exploited them for labor and prevented them from leaving the colony. This situation did not improve until 1845, when the government dismissed the administrator from office. Then, in 1852 the territory was transferred to the colony’s families. Between 1858 and 1870, the colony was sacked twice, and once was completely destroyed by flames. From 1870, colonists began to successfully grow coffee. In 1877, Colonia Tovar had only 200 people living there. In 1920 they numbered 850.

Paragraph 10: Rendez-vous Houston: A City in Concert was a live performance by musician Jean Michel Jarre amidst the skyscrapers of downtown Houston on the evening of April 5, 1986, coinciding with the release of the Rendez-Vous album. The concert celebrate the 150th anniversary of Houston, Texas and the NASA 25th anniversary. For a period of time, it held a place in the Guinness Book of Records as the largest outdoor "rock concert" in history, with a estimated of 1.5 million in attendance is the second entry of Jarre in the book. Rendez-vous Houston also  celebrated the astronauts of the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster, which had happened only two and a half months earlier. One of Jarre's friends, astronaut Ron McNair, had been killed in the disaster. Ron was originally going to play the saxophone from space during the track "Last Rendez-Vous"; his substitute for the concert was Houston native Kirk Whalum.

Paragraph 11: In late 1995, Bowie performed this song together with Nine Inch Nails during Bowie's Outside Tour. In December 1995, Bowie performed the song twice at a concert in Birmingham, both of which appear on the live album No Trendy Réchauffé (Live Birmingham 95) (2020); he and the band also performed the song live on Jools Holland's 'Later' (Series 6) that same month. In February 1996, Bowie performed the song with Pet Shop Boys at the 1996 Brit Awards. A version recorded in July 1996 at the Phoenix Festival in England was released on the various artist compilation Phoenix: The Album in 1997. Played regularly during the Earthling Tour in 1997, a July 1997 recording was released on the live album Look at the Moon! in 2021, and a November 1997 recording from the same tour appeared on the live album LiveAndWell.com in 2000 (re-released in 2021). The Pet Shop Boys performed their version of the song live with Sylvia Mason-James singing Bowie's parts, released on the DVD Somewhere – Live at the Savoy (1997). At Bowie's 50th Birthday Bash in New York January 1997, the song was performed together with Foo Fighters. This performance featured Zachary Alford, William Goldsmith and Dave Grohl on three different drum sets and Nate Mendel and Gail Ann Dorsey on two bass guitars simultaneously. Bowie's 25 June 2000 performance of the song at the Glastonbury Festival was released in 2018 on Glastonbury 2000. Bowie performed the song live at BBC Radio Theatre, London, on 27 June 2000, and a recording of this performance was included on the bonus disc accompanying the first releases of Bowie at the Beeb in 2000. A November 2003 live performance from the A Reality Tour is included on the A Reality Tour DVD, released in 2004, as well as the A Reality Tour album, released in 2010.

Paragraph 12: As Jennifer and Daniel fall deeper in love, Jack unexpectedly returns to Salem. Although Jennifer and Abby are upset at his absence, he reveals that he was held prisoner in Afghanistan while covering the opium trade there, and that a British friend he had there was killed, giving him PTSD. Wanting to support him, Jennifer gets closer to Jack, and the two realize that they still love each other. Unable to make a choice between Daniel and Jack, Daniel breaks up with Jennifer and leaves Salem. Jennifer helps Abe with his campaign for mayor, though they lose to EJ DiMera. Jennifer eventually wins Jack's heart, and the two get engaged. When Daniel returns, Jennifer asks him if they can be friends, and he tells her they can, while he begins a secret romance with Nicole Walker. When the tunnels explode underneath Salem, Jack saves Abby from being trapped in a broken elevator. The elevator, with Jack inside, plunges several stories, causing Jack to die. Distraught, Abby and Jennifer scatter his ashes off the shores of northern California. Broken, Jennifer allows a pregnant Nicole to live with her, in order to keep Daniel happy and so that Victor Kiriakis doesn't have to let her live with him. Nicole reveals her relationship with Daniel, which makes Jennifer uneasy and argumentative with Nicole. Jennifer tells Nicole that she must leave after she gives birth. After Nicole sees a close moment between Daniel and Jennifer and later loses her baby, she gets in a fight with Jennifer, ending with Nicole falling down some stairs and "miscarrying." Nicole blames Jennifer for the fall, but the truth is revealed that Nicole knew her baby died but was keeping it a secret so that Daniel would take her to Hawaii. Knowing that Daniel will love Jennifer and will never love Nicole, Nicole apologizes for her wrongdoings and leaves the duo alone. Daniel agrees to still be her friend, and he and Jennifer forgive her, not pressing charges. Daniel saves Jennifer's life after, admitting that he loves her, by removing her appendix before it bursts, with Nicole's help. Jennifer admits to Daniel, while the surgery goes on, that she loves him. She forgets afterwards, however, but is glad that Daniel's hand tremors are gone thanks to the treatment she found for him. Later, she remembers what she told him, and, with Abigail, says goodbye to her old life with Jack. Daniel and Jennifer reunite with nearly everyone's blessing, but Jennifer's half brother, Lucas Horton, doesn't approve of the reunion due to his bitter past with Daniel. On New Year's Eve, Daniel and Jennifer share a kiss and spend the night together.

Paragraph 13: In 1997 they released their debut full-length album Under the Western Freeway through Will, and, with the help of Howe Gelb, signed a UK deal with Big Cat Records – by then a subsidiary of Richard Branson's V2 Records – who reissued the album the following year. The album included the single "A.M. 180", which was featured during a sequence in the 2002 British film 28 Days Later. It was also used for the theme song for the BBC Four television series Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe (9 years later, Screenwipe debuted in 2006), and in an advertisement for Colin Murray's BBC Radio 1 show. "A.M. 180" was also used in television commercials for the Dodge Journey automobile. One of the album's singles, "Summer Here Kids", was rated as "Single of the Week" by popular British music magazine NME, and was also used as the theme music for another Charlie Brooker-fronted show, BBC Radio 4's So Wrong It's Right. The album led to an increase in the band's popularity in Europe, and a main stage performance at the Reading Festival in 1998. The album was only a success in the US when later reissued by V2. With the band busy touring in 1999, their next release was the compilation The Broken Down Comforter Collection.

Paragraph 14: In a fight that could have put him in line for a Heavyweight Championship bout with Max Baer, Lasky was the early betting favorite at 3-1.  His opponent Jim Braddock had just begun his comeback after a nine-month layoff and a period on the depression's relief rolls. The financial boon to Braddock for winning would be $4,100 at the height of the depression.  The break from boxing, rather than making him stale, had given Braddock time to strengthen his body, improve his technique, and heal his hands, which had given him trouble before his layoff as a result of repeated breaks in the bones.  In contrast, Lasky had fought on a regular basis, averaging monthly bouts for his previous five years of boxing.  Lasky's brother trained him while Braddock's trainers included Ray Arcel.  The New York Times described Lasky's classic bout with Braddock on March 22, 1935, as "a savage grueling struggle that thrilled a crowd of 11,000 onlookers".  Lasky fought a "gallant" and "courageous" fight from the first bell to the last, but Braddock's strong right landed too hard and too often.  Both boxers had a reach of 76 inches, making reach of no significance in the fight. Both boxers were within a year of the same age, though Braddock had been boxing professionally around nine years, to Lasky's five.  Most telling, Braddock had just won in an upset against the more competitive opponent John Henry Lewis already a World Light Heavyweight Champion, as well as against Martin Levandowski.  Another significant factor were previous injuries to Lasky in rough bouts that may have affected his conditioning and speed, particularly his previous loss to Charlie Retzlaff on May 12, 1933, when he was hospitalized for an injury to his right eye, and very likely affected his depth perception in later fights.  The incredibly strong heavyweight Primo Carnera whom Lasky had met on September 1, 1932, pounded Lasky's body in the final rounds. In his recent loss to Steve Hamas, only five months earlier, Lasky likely absorbed more punishment than described by the reporters of the day as both men were heavyweights, and the fight was described by one source as "a smashing brawl", implying continuous action throughout the bout.  Though Lasky was only two years older than Hamas, those two years had been filled with punishing bouts.  Even in many of his wins, Lasky absorbed punishment, taking five rounds to knock out the hard hitting Tiger Jack Fox on May 3, 1933 in Chicago. Losing the fifteen round bout by a unanimous decision of the judges, the Braddock fight spotlighted Lasky as a heavyweight contender who could not quite reach the pinnacle of his weight class.  Braddock was credited with eleven of fifteen rounds, and Lasky suffered one of the "worst beatings of his life", according to one source.  Lasky was awarded one of his four rounds by the judges from a foul credited to Braddock.  The sixth and the eleventh round bells may have prevented him from more serious injury or a knock out.  Once again Lasky took a very hard beating in a close bout from a highly ranked competitor.  His loss to Braddock effectively ended Lasky's hopes of a World Heavyweight title.  Three months later, Braddock became Heavyweight Champion, defeating Max Baer in fifteen rounds.

Paragraph 15: In "The Stolen Earth" (2008), both Davros and a red Supreme Dalek are seen as rulers of the New Dalek Empire. It is revealed that Caan forced himself into the Time War to save Davros from destruction at the Gates of Elysium. He took his creator to safety, but the ordeal from forcing himself into the time-locked moment allowed him to "see all of time", although it left him insane but able to predict about a forthcoming showdown with the Tenth Doctor. While Davros provides scientific and strategic guidance, he is still essentially subservient to the Supreme Dalek. Davros used cells from his own body to create a new race of Daleks which begin stealing planets from across time and space, creating an artificial solar system. They are arranged in such a way that they uniquely channel energy that can be harnessed. These planets are placed in the rift in the Medusa Cascade, which is set a second out of sync from time, making it the perfect hiding place. Follow-up episode "Journey's End" (2008) shows Davros gloating that his plan is to destroy reality itself. "The Crucible" is revealed to be a gigantic space station that houses the entire empire and is used for experimentations with Davros' invention, the reality bomb. The bomb is a device that uses the energy of the 27 planets, and is powerful enough to cancel out even the slightest atoms outside of the Medusa Cascade. The Supreme Dalek plans to use this device to destroy reality itself, using Davros' genius and Caan's prophetical powers for guidance. Ultimately, the Daleks hope to make themselves the sole living race in the universe. The interference of the Doctor and his companions stops Davros' plans, who learns that Caan engineered it so the Daleks would be destroyed forever. With the Crucible exploding from all the Daleks self-destructing and the Supreme Dalek destroyed, the fates of both Davros and Caan are left ambiguous. In "The Waters of Mars" (2009), Adelaide Brooke recalls how a Dalek spared her life during the 2009 invasion. The Tenth Doctor concludes that the Dalek knew she was a fixed point in time, and thus could not kill her without threatening the laws of time. Subsequently, in 2009–2010 two-part special "The End of Time", the Time Lords nearly escape the Time Lock, which would also release the horrors of the Time War upon the universe once again, including the full Dalek Empire, but this eventuality is averted by the Tenth Doctor.

Paragraph 16: Issue 1 holds an 8.2 rating at Comic Book Roundup. Greg McElhatton of CBR.com gave issue #1 four out of five stars, calling it "Millar's strongest new comic in a long time." McElhatton praised out Millar's script, in particular the quiet tone of the 1932 sequence that piqued his interest, and the fight scene between Walter and Blackstar, which McElhatton felt represented a unique approach to superhero clichés. McElhatton lauded Frank Quitely's artwork as "elegant", in particular his ability to draw the reader's eye toward the center of panels. Compliments were also given to Peter Doherty's colors, which were used well to differentiate between the 1932 and modern scenes. Melissa Grey of IGN gave the issue of 9.2 score of "Amazing", lauding the world in the story "immediately familiar and uniquely original", and saying that Millar's examination of "the shades of gray" between black and white regarding heroes struck a chord unlike any of his previous attempts at the theme of incorporating superhumans into the real world. Grey said of Quitely's artwork that it "blends a powerful realism with a sense of the fantastical in a way that is seamlessly integrated with Millar's narrative." David Brothers of Comics Alliance thought the issue "fell short". While Brothers complimented some aspects of the writing and art, such as the 1932 scenes and the psychic paintings, he felt that Millar's characterization and his take on realistic superheroes in the modern scenes was unoriginal, his dialogue in the modern scenes unnatural, that Quitely's characters were not well-designed, and that the book lacked the spectacle by Millar that would've given a better opportunity for Quitely and Doherty to have effected better work. Rich Johnston of Bleeding Cool gave the issue a positive review for the depiction of the socioeconomic and political conflicts, Quitely and Doherty's art, and the soap opera plot of the characters' power plays. Patrick Hume of Newsarama gave the issue an 8 out of 10, calling it an effective, absorbing and smart superhero story that pushes the boundaries of the genre. Hume noted the presence of Millar's trademark black humor and "full-throttle action", as well as "a maturity and thematic sophistication that has not been apparent in other recent work". Though Hume thought some of Millar's delivery of the issue's ideas was at times heavy-handed, he was impressed enough by the book to continue with it. Hume also thought that Quitely's more defined, gritty, more intimate art was better-suited to the story than the large-scale, widescreen action he effected on The Authority. Doherty's subdued color palette was also noted by Hume.

Paragraph 17: Swift rose to fame in the late 2000s as a teenage artist, buoyed by the success of her country pop singles "Teardrops On My Guitar" and "Our Song", with the latter making Swift the youngest person in history to single-handedly write and perform a number-one song on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. Her chart-topping second studio album Fearless was released in 2008; it spawned international hit singles "Love Story" and "You Belong With Me", becoming two of the best selling singles of all time. In 2009, Swift became the first country artist in history to win an MTV Video Music Award. Later in 2010, Swift won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year and Best Country Album for Fearless, becoming the youngest artist to win the top prize at that time. Fearless went on to become Diamond certified by Recording Industry Association of America for moving over 10 million units in the U.S. Her subsequent albums Speak Now (2010) and Red (2012) topped multiple charts globally, including the Top Country Albums and Billboard 200; both of those albums sold 1 million copies in their debut week sales, opening 1.0 million for Speak Now and 1.2 million for Red. On Red, Swift incorporated elements of electronic and dance such as dubstep and worked with pop producers Max Martin and Shellback on several tracks, including the pop hits "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together", "I Knew You Were Trouble", and "22", which were more favored by pop radio over country radio. Swift collaborated with rapper B.o.B on his country rap single "Both of Us", and dueted with Tim McGraw on his 2013 single "Highway Don't Care" featuring Keith Urban. Swift labeled herself as a pop artist since 2014's 1989, which also won the Grammy awards for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal album, making Swift the first and only artist to win those awards in both pop and country genres. The subsequent Reputation (2017) and Lover (2019) were pop albums, though Lover drew on country influences in songs like "Lover" and "Soon You'll Get Better"; the latter being a collaboration with Dixie Chicks. Swift has also written songs for other country pop acts, such as Little Big Town's "Better Man" and Sugarland's "Babe". Achieving both national and international prominence through her tour gross, sales records and critical acclaim, Swift has been credited for bringing recognition of country music "within the broad expanse of music worldwide"; the Country Music Association acknowledged that her talent and presence "will have a long-term positive impact on the appreciation of country music for generations to come".

Paragraph 18: St Mary's Church is the village church. The date of construction is unknown, but is probably from some time between the 12th to 14th centuries. Some medieval stonework remains in three walls of the building. A chapel was added to the south side in the 16th or 17th century, and the church was altered and refurbished during the 19th century.  The church is still in use, as part of the Church in Wales, and is one of five churches in a combined parish. It is a Grade II listed building, a designation given to "buildings of special interest, which warrant every effort being made to preserve them", in particular because of the retention of medieval fabric in a predominantly 19th-century building, and its "fine" memorials.

Paragraph 19: In the backstory, Gibbs was born on November 21, 1954, and was shown in the episode "Heartland" to have grown up in Stillwater, Pennsylvania. The town is real, and the scenes in the episode were modeled after Bellisario's hometown of Cokeburg. His father, Jackson Gibbs (played by Ralph Waite), owned and ran the Stillwater General Store. He is named after his father's close friend and partner in the store, Leroy Jethro "LJ" Moore, after they worked together in the coal mines (Winslow Mining Company). In "The Namesake", it is revealed that LJ, a World War II veteran and Montford Point Marine, had influenced the teenaged Gibbs to join the Marines. Gibbs left Stillwater in 1976 to join the Marine Corps and had little contact with the place for the next thirty years. In a flashback scene in the episode, as a teenager, Gibbs often provoked violence with defiance to his father, who constantly comes to his unwanted aid with a Winchester rifle. He was also known around the area as a delinquent, as said by the new sheriff, one of the other delinquents during his teenage years, stating, "Funny, never expected to find you on the same side of the law." He met his first wife Shannon (portrayed by both Darby Stanchfield and Aviva Baumann) in Stillwater, who worked at the local women’s clothing store, Ellen’s Dress Shop, speaking to each other for the first time while both waiting for a train. Gibbs was leaving for Marine Combat Training having just graduated from bootcamp. At that first meeting, Shannon mentioned she had thought about creating a set of life rules for herself; Gibbs later incorporated this idea into his own series of around fifty rules that he now lives by (with the rules in the forties and above supposedly used for emergency situations). Gibbs is known by his first name, Leroy, to family and people in his hometown (as well as his ex-wife Diane), whereas at work he is known as Gibbs, Jethro, or simply "Boss". Shannon called him both Gibbs and Jethro.

Paragraph 20: Lady Octopus appears as a member of a female incarnation of the Sinister Syndicate. She asks Francine Frye if she is familiar with the concept of macrobiotics. Carolyn then mentioned to Janice Lincoln about the e-mail about the refrigerator where there is dairy products inside where she was planning an organic vegan cheeseburger night on Friday. The Sinister Syndicate begins their mission where they attack the F.E.A.S.T. building that Boomerang is volunteering at. Beetle leads the Sinister Syndicate in attacking Boomerang. It was stated by Boomerang that he was the one who came up with the Sinister Syndicate name. Lady Octopus stated that they dropped the "Sinister" part of the Sinister Syndicate's name. After getting Aunt May to safety, Peter Parker changes into Spider-Man and helps Boomerang fight the Syndicate. The Syndicate starts doing their formation until Spider-Man accidentally sets off Boomerang's gaserang which knocks out Spider-Man enough for the Syndicate to make off with Boomerang. When Beetle returns to the headquarters, Lady Octopus is present when Mayor Wilson Fisk brings the full force of New York City to their headquarters demanding that they surrender Boomerang to him. The Syndicate then assists Spider-Man against Mayor Fisk's forces. After Spider-Man evacuates Boomerang, the Syndicate fights Mayor Fisk's forces while not killing them. The Syndicate is defeated and arrested by the police. Their transport is then attacked by an unknown assailant who frees them.

Paragraph 21: Babcock was born on a farm in Bridgewater, New York to Peleg and Cornelia Babcock. He earned a B.A. from Tufts College in 1866 and attended Cornell University from 1872 to 1875, where he earned a master's degree before studying organic chemistry at the University of Göttingen, Germany, from which he received a Ph.D. in 1879. Upon his return to the United States in 1881, Babcock took up the role of an agricultural chemist at the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station in Geneva, New York, where his first assignment was to determine the proper feed ratios of carbohydrate, fat, and protein using chemical analysis of cow excrement. He determined that the excrement's chemical composition was similar to that of the feed, the only major exception being the ash content. These results were tested and retested, and his results were similar to German studies done earlier. This led Babcock to wonder what would happen if cattle were fed a single grain (barley, corn, or wheat), though that test would not be carried out for nearly twenty-five years.

Paragraph 22: In 2011, MacPherson returned to hosting season 11 of Dancing with the Stars in the first half of the year, before filming a new "Australian Western" style show, called Wild Boys based around Bushrangers. MacPherson played the lead role and the show's protagonist, Jack Keenan and starred alongside Zoe Ventoura. Wild Boys premiered to strong ratings of 1.67 million viewers. This was not to last, and in November 2011, the Seven Network chose not to make a second season of the show. In 2013 MacPherson played the lead role of Whit in Shane Abbess's sci fi feature film Infini. Macpherson's performance in the lead role was universally praised for its intensity. MacPherson and Abbess re-united in 2015 for another science fiction film, SFV1, with MacPherson starring alongside US actor Kellan Lutz.  In February 2015, it was announced that MacPherson had landed the role of Arion in MTV's upcoming fantasy drama series The Shannara Chronicles. MacPherson appeared in a documentary special celebrating Neighbours 30th anniversary titled Neighbours 30th: The Stars Reunite, which aired in Australia and the UK in March 2015. In 2014, MacPherson resigned from Dancing with the Stars to focus on his film career; his replacement was comedian Shane Bourne.

Paragraph 23: Eyes only is jargon used with regard to classified information. Whereas a classified document is normally intended to be available to anyone with the appropriate security clearance, an "eyes only" designation, whether official or informal, indicates that the document is intended only for a specific set of readers. As such the document should not be read by other individuals even if they otherwise possess the appropriate clearance. Another meaning is that the document is under no circumstances to be copied or photographed, "eyes only" meaning that it is to be physically read by cleared personnel and nothing more, to ensure that no unauthorized copies of the text are made which might be unaccounted for.

Paragraph 24: Though Colman, we may assume, lived mainly with his own countrymen at Inishbofin, he took a deep and practical interest in his new foundation at Mayo—"Mayo of the Saxons", as it came to be called. In the year 670, with his consent, its first canonical abbot was appointed. This was Gerald, the son of a northern English king, who, annoyed at the way Colman's most cherished convictions had been slighted at Whitby, resolved to follow him to Ireland. The school gained greatly in fame for sanctity and learning under this youthful abbot. About 679  Adamnan, the illustrious biographer of Columba, visited Mayo and according to some writers, ruled there for seven years after Gerald's death. This latter statement is not, on the face of it, improbable if Gerald, as Colgan thinks, did not live after 697; but the Four Masters give the date of his death as 13 March 726, and the "Annals of Ulster" put the event as late as 731. After Gerald's death there are only the record of isolated facts concerning the school he ruled so wisely and loved so well, but they are often facts of considerable interest and importance. The monastery was burned due to a lightning strike in 783, It burned again in 808; also—but only in the old "Life of St. Gerald" —that it was plundered by Turgesius the Dane in 818. That the monastic grounds were regarded as exceptionally holy we can gather from the entry that Domhnall, son of Torlough O'Conor, Lord of North Connacht, "the glory and the moderator and the good adviser of the Irish people" (d. 1176), was interred therein. That it had the status of an episcopal see long after the Synod of Kells (1152), is clear from the entry under the date of 1209, recording the death of "Cele O'Duffy, Bishop of Magh Eo of the Saxons."

Paragraph 25: It has been suggested that the study of this phenomenon has had major political consequences. Following the sensational stranding of a Soviet submarine deep inside Swedish waters on 27 October 1981, the Swedish navy initiated a large-scale campaign to guard Swedish territorial waters from the perceived threat of infiltration by foreign submarines, despite the Soviets consistently asserting that the stranding had occurred due to navigational errors. The "submarine hunts", which lasted throughout the 1980s and early 1990s, have been a heavily debated issue in Sweden, as to whether or not there ever was any factual substance to the claims of Soviet infiltration. One widely reported piece of "evidence" were several sound recordings of what the Swedish navy suspected to be foreign submarines. Oceanographers and marine biologists were invited to study the recordings and would eventually find that the sounds heard were most probably produced not by submarines, but in fact were the noises made when herring passed gas. In a reportage by the Swedish science magazine "Vetenskapens värld" ("World of science") televised on 16 April 2012, it's suggested that these findings were important in putting an end to the costly "submarine hunts" which had continued for more than a decade, with Ig Nobel laureate Håkan Westerberg guessing that this would have saved Swedish tax payers hundreds of millions in SEK.

Paragraph 26: The North-South Slope is a systematic error in the Australian Height Datum’s horizontal surface of approximately 1.5m from the North coast to South coast of Australia. This tilt is quite problematic, as it invalidates the major assumption in using the Australian Height Datum: the datum surface has a gradient of zero (i.e. perfectly horizontal). While this systematic error is relatively insignificant for the design of “small-scale engineering projects” that use local heights, the North-South slope is very influential on the design of “large-scale studies” that span larger distances across the country. The North-South slope is primarily due to the fact that the Australian Height Datum was taken as the fixed mean sea level of 30 tide gauges around Australia over a 2-year period, ignoring the natural variations in sea-surface topography. The National Mapping Council of Australia chose to use this ‘mean sea level’ approach to minimise the use of negative heights, that are quite problematic for surveyors and engineers, near coastal areas where most of the population resides. By utilising the mean sea level approach, the creation of the Australian Height Datum neglected the significant influence the ocean’s time-mean dynamic topography on the fluctuations in sea surface levels around the country. Spatial variation of sea level change, freshwater outflow in harbour areas where tide gauges are positioned, and an amalgamation of ocean dynamics have all contributed to the formation of a distinct 1.5m North-South slope within the Australian Height Datum. In order to counteract this slope, the AUSGeoid09 gravimetric quasigeoid model has been introduced to determine Australian Height Datum heights from Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) readings. As GPS heights provide a far greater limit of reading that the magnitude of the spirit-level errors in the Australian Height Datum, the AUSGeoid09 model is able to “practically” eliminate the North-South error when converting GNSS readings to Australian Height Datum heights.

Paragraph 27: Kanhoji Angre who was also known as Angria was appointed in 1698 as Admiral of the Maratha Naval Fleet by the Peshwas. He had complete control over the west coast, from Bombay to Vengurla, except for the fort of Janjira, which remained with the Siddis  (for 200 years). Angre was considered to be a mercenary who attacked defenseless towns and also traders. He even attacked the East Indian Company's ship in 1702 and refused to release the six British captives. He severed his relations with the Peshwas in 1704 and was called "the Rebel Independent of the Raja Shivaji". In spite of the warning by the British that he should not attack or capture British ships, he captured their ships in 1707. He had a free run of the west coast from Surat to Dabol and captured all private vessels. When Shivaji's grandson was imprisoned, Kanhoji got his opportunity to stake his claim for independence. In 1713, he had captured Peshwa's general Bhairu, which forced the Peshwa general Balaji Rao (Commander-in-Chief of the Maratha forces) to come to an agreement with him. For maintaining "fealty" with the Sataras (Shivaji's family stronghold), he was granted 26 forts and its dependent villages, which included Suvarnadurg. In subsequent years, these forts became strongholds for piracy. According to both Indian historians of Anglo-Maratha Wars such as Anil Athale and now revisionist western historians such as John Keay and Simon Leyton. The pejorative pirate was used in British records, but the correspondence between the English and Maratha Navy suggests more a communication between the Maratha state and a trading company without permits, the English East India Company. Leyton wrote in The "Moghul's Admiral": Angrian "Piracy" and the Rise of British Bombay: "It is now generally accepted by historians that Kanhoji [Angria], at least, was not a pirate in any sense of the word; rather, he is more properly thought of as the 'Admiral' of the Marathas"—an Indian Kingdom—"who for many years confronted European attempts to claim navigational rights over coastal shipping lanes". With his new ordered control, Kanhoji held complete control over a coast line stretching over a coast length of  and  width extending from Bombay (now Mumbai) to Vengurla to the south. He later entered into an agreement with the British, which went against him as the British flouted all terms with him. Humiliated by this treatment by the British he decided to attack them. He entered into an alliance with the Raja of Satara, equipped his vessels and manned them by the best crew consisting of Dutchmen. He also employed a Jamaican pirate as his chief gunner. Many European pirate forces had also joined his army after the Treaty of Utrecht of 1713–14 (comprising a series of individual peace treaties among several European states including England, France and Spain, among others). With this force, he attacked the merchant ships of the East India Company.

Paragraph 28: Homesickness is an ancient phenomenon, mentioned in both the Old Testament books of Exodus and Psalm 137:1 ("By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we remembered Zion") as well as Homer's Odyssey, whose opening scene features Athena arguing with Zeus to bring Odysseus home because he is homesick ("...longing for his wife and his homecoming..."). The Greek physician Hippocrates (ca. 460–377 BC) believed that homesickness—also called "heimveh" (from German "Heimweh") or a "nostalgic reaction"—was caused by a surfeit of black bile in the blood. In recent history, homesickness is first mentioned specifically with Swiss people being abroad in Europe ("Heimweh") for a longer period of time in a document dating back to 1651. This was a normal phenomenon among the many common Swiss mercenaries serving in different countries and many rulers across Europe at that time. It was not uncommon for them staying many years away from home and, if lucky enough, return home if still alive. This phenomenon at that time was first only thought to affect Swiss people until this was revised, probably caused by big migration streams across Europe suggesting the same symptoms and thus homesickness found its way into general German medical literature in the 19th century. 

Paragraph 29: In 1999, Team Ninja started work on the "Next-Generation Ninja Gaiden Project". The first stage of development was to create the game on the Sega NAOMI arcade system board. They then planned to move the project to the Dreamcast console for further development and release, but this was abandoned when Sega announced the end of Dreamcast product line in 2001. At this point, Tecmo decided to release Ninja Gaiden as a launch game for the Sony PlayStation 2 in the United States. Itagaki, however, had other plans; the Team Ninja Leader was impressed with the software development kits for the Xbox and pushed for his team to develop for the Microsoft console. The company kept silent on this change in direction, and surprised both the games industry and fans when they announced at E3 2002 that Ninja Gaiden would be released exclusively on the Xbox gaming console. Most fans who voted on Tecmo's poll wanted the game on the Nintendo GameCube.Ninja Gaiden was Team Ninja's first action game. Its initial concept had nothing in common with the original Ninja Gaiden series that was released for the NES. However, for retail reasons Tecmo wanted to retain a link with the previous games, which had many adherents in the West, so Itagaki was asked to rethink his ideas to target the foreign market. Analyzing the earlier games, he concluded that their violence appealed to players, and included gory content, such as beheadings, in the Xbox game to retain that spirit. He also aimed to make his new game hard but alluring; it would challenge players on their reflexes rather than on their memories of layouts and timings. His team made a point of designing smoothly-flowing gameplay with high-quality animations that reacted quickly to the player's input. Itagaki paid homage to the earlier Ninja Gaiden series by including updated versions of foes and special attacks. Team Ninja based their 3D computer models, from the pistols of the henchman upwards, on real world material. Character models were taken from studies of human anatomy, and the team hired martial artists in order to digitally capture their movement. Rather than import the motion captures directly into the game, however, the animators used them as templates to give a sense of realism to the game characters' exaggerated movements. Itagaki found it more interesting to design nonhuman creatures than human enemies.

Paragraph 30: During his career, which spanned from 1980 to 1996, Casagrande played for a number of clubs. He represented Corinthians, Caldense, São Paulo, Flamengo, and Paulista F.C. in Brazil, Portuguese club FC Porto, and Italian clubs Ascoli and Torino F.C. He won two São Paulo State Championships with Corinthians n 1982 and 1983, while playing alongside Sócrates, forming one of the greatest strike partnerships in the history of Brazilian football. He moved to Europe from his home country in 1986 to join Porto, winning a European Cup title in 1987 during his only season with the team. He subsequently joined Serie A side Ascoli later that year, where he remained for four seasons – three of which were in Serie A and one in Serie B – scoring 38 goals in 96 appearances, and becoming an idol with the club's fans. After the club was relegated to Serie B during the 1989–90 season, he remained with Ascoli and helped the team win promotion back to Serie A the following season, after which he left to join Torino. In his first season in Turin, he helped Torino to the 1992 UEFA Cup Final, scoring a goal in the first leg of the semi-finals against Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, as well as two more in the final; however, he was ultimately unable to prevent his side from losing to Ajax on away goals. Casagrande is also remembered by the club's fans for scoring a brace in a Turin Derby victory over rivals Juventus. In 1993, he helped the club win the Coppa Italia. In total he obtained 69 appearances during his time at the club under manager Emiliano Mondonico, scoring 19 goals. He later returned to Brazil in 1993, to play for Flamengo; that year, he was runner-up in the Supercopa Sudamericana with the club, losing in a penalty shootout to another Brazilian team, São Paulo. He subsequently went on to have a second spell with Corinthians between 1994 and 1995; in total, he played 256 games and scored 102 goals for the latter club. Finally, he played for Lousano Paulista, and later São Francisco, before ending his career in 1996.