Paragraph 1: Everett's tightknit family respond awkwardly, and soon coldly, to Meredith's stiffness, making her feel like even more of an outsider. Ben, Everett's brother, is the only one who seems to like Meredith. After a series of embarrassing moments, Meredith opts to stay at the local inn and begs her sister Julie to take a bus down to Thayer and join her for support. Everett finds himself drawn to the friendly, more outgoing Julie, whom his family receives very warmly, after Julie has a fall while getting off the bus. Meredith desperately tries to fit in with the Stones, but her strained attempts prove disastrous. During dinner, Everett's gay, deaf brother Thad and his partner Patrick express their plans to adopt a child, prompting a discussion about nature versus nurture and sexual orientation. When Meredith clumsily attempts to engage in the conversation, her choice of words offends everyone and Everett's father Kelly, the most understanding of the family, angrily shuts her down. Distraught, Meredith attempts to drive off but crashes Everett's car, and Ben comes to comfort her. Ben's attraction to Meredith is apparent and the two of them end up at a local bar where, after several drinks, Meredith begins to enjoy herself. She invites Amy's high school flame and local paramedic, Brad Stevenson, to the Stones' house for Christmas breakfast. The next morning, she awakens in Ben's bed and incorrectly assumes that they had sex.

Paragraph 2: The relay has been depicted in various media. Shortly before World War II, Czech teacher and writer František Omelka was fascinated by the story, writing the novella Štafeta ("Relay") published in Czech in 1946. As an avid Esperantist, Omelka himself translated it into Esperanto, with subsequent translations into German, Dutch, Frisian, Icelandic, Chinese, Japanese, and English. In 1976, the story was retold in Race Against Death: A True Story of the Far North, by children's author Seymour Reit. Reit's book was featured in a 1978 episode of The Book Bird, a PBS program where host John Robbins illustrated key scenes from the book being discussed. The 1995 animated film Balto was loosely based on the events of the final leg of the serum run, although all of the characters besides Balto are fictional. A detailed recounting of the people and events involved in the serum run, including the story of the native mushers and the local nurses who attended to the sick and dying, is included in the 2003 book, The Cruelest Miles: The Heroic Story of Dogs and Men in a Race Against an Epidemic, by Gay and Laney Salisbury. In 2013, a documentary titled Icebound – The Greatest Dog Story Ever Told, focused on the aftermath of the events. The Great Alaskan Race, a 2019 film, produced by Rebel Road Entertainment, is based on the serum run. Togo, produced by Walt Disney Pictures, debuted on December 20, 2019, on Disney+.

Paragraph 3: Measurements are useful and necessary for verifying the actual network performance. However, measurements do not have the level of abstraction that makes traffic models useful. Traffic models can be used for hypothetical problem solving whereas traffic measurements only reflect current reality. In probabilistic terms, a traffic trace is a realization of a random process, whereas a traffic model is a random process. Thus, traffic models have universality. A traffic trace gives insight about a particular traffic source, but a traffic model gives insight about all traffic sources of that type. Traffic models have three major uses. One important use of traffic models is to properly dimension network resources for a target level of QoS. It was mentioned earlier that Erlang developed models of voice calls to estimate telephone switch capacity to achieve a target call blocking probability. Similarly, models of packet traffic are needed to estimate the bandwidth and buffer resources to provide acceptable packet delays and packet loss probability. Knowledge of the average traffic rate is not sufficient. It is known from queuing theory that queue lengths increase with the variability of traffic. Hence, an understanding of traffic burstiness or variability is needed to determine sufficient buffer sizes at nodes and link capacities. A second important use of traffic models is to verify network performance under specific traffic controls. For example, given a packet scheduling algorithm, it would be possible to evaluate the network performance resulting from different traffic scenarios. For another example, a popular area of research is new improvements to the TCP congestion avoidance algorithm. It is critical that any algorithm is stable and allows multiple hosts to share bandwidth fairly, while sustaining a high throughput. Effective evaluation of the stability, fairness, and throughput of new algorithms would not be possible without realistic source models. A third important use of traffic models is admission control. In particular, connection oriented networks such as ATM depends on admission control to block new connections to maintain QOS guarantees. A simple admission strategy could be based on the peak rate of a new connection; a new connection is admitted if the available bandwidth is greater than the peak rate. However, that strategy would be overly conservative because a variable bit-rate connection may need significantly less bandwidth than its peak rate. A more sophisticated admission strategy is based on effective bandwidths. The source traffic behavior is translated into an effective bandwidth between the peak rate and average rate, which is the specific amount of bandwidth required to meet a given QoS constraint. The effective bandwidth depends on the variability of the source.

Paragraph 4: "The eruption at Capelinhos started on 27 September with a small boiling of water at sea some  west of the lighthouse. On 29 September, the intensity increased and became highly explosive. The ejecti of ash (sand and powder) reached frequently  and another time reached more than . The column of water vapor reached  in height and exceptionally even more. The violence of the eruption continued for a month. The quantity of ash emitted was so great that it formed a small island with  diameter and  height (above sea level) in an area that where the profundity was . There fell, near the lighthouse of Capelinhos and Port of Comprido, a few rocks that were about . The cloud was blown by the wind and because of that ash fell some  from the volcanic chimney. This was the aspect more harmful of the eruption. The quantity of ash fell on land dependent on the direction of the wind. When the wind blew strong from the west, on the 6 and 7 October, there was a panic in the settlements of Canto and Norte Pequeno ([civil] parish of Capelo) which lie about  from the volcano. The populations were evacuated. In virtue of the dust scattered in the air (which increased greatly the condensation of the water droplets) the rainfall in the region increased by more the twice the normal, passing from  to more than  per month. The torrential rainfall that fell was another disastrous factor in the region. On 29 October the small island became submerged and it appeared that the activity had terminated. But within the following days it continued, it is unclear whether the activity will return and attain the anterior violence...The rocks expelled by the volcano fell on the buildings of the lighthouse of Capelinhos, puncturing the tile and pavements and breaking glass, sanitary wares and some furniture. The lighthouse had to be closed during the eruption and the personnel evacuated. The work that was in course was, therefore, suspended. The ash and rainfall seaped into the holes in the roof and windows and accumulated in almost all the rooms, damaging the interior floors and paintings. The exterior courtyard was, also, littered with more than  of sand." This description was also accompanied by a photographic journal with regists, captions and dated, to illustrate the more important moments of the event between September and November 1957.

Paragraph 5: In the summer of 1915, after attending officer training camp in Plattsburgh, New York, for a proposed volunteer army (an outgrowth of the movement to prepare the United States for entry into World War I) and earning a commendation as a marksman, Heidelberger traveled to Lake Kezar in Maine for a vacation. After performing Pergolese's Nina there, his piano accompanist exclaimed, "meet Nina," and in walked a young lady, Nina Tachau. They were married in 1916 to the strains of a wedding march composed by Heidelberger. She was a writer and activist for the New York chapter of the League of Women Voters and, during the 1940s, for the American Association for the United Nations. After her death from cancer in 1946, Heidelberger continued her work on behalf of the United Nations, and was a member of the U.S. delegation to meetings of the World Federation of United Nations Organizations in Prague, Bangkok, and other cities. He met his second wife Charlotte Rosen at a concert. She was the violist in a Mozart trio in which Heidelberger performed. They married in 1956. For ten years prior to her death in 1988, he took care of her at home while she suffered from Alzheimer's disease.

Paragraph 6: A serial killer named Martin Mad Dog Hawkins was created in Who's Who: The Definitive Directory of the DC Universe #1 and featured in Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth. Batman reads about him in Amadeus Arkham's diaries. Hawkins comes from a wealthy, prominent family, and from a young age is beaten and sexually abused by his father. He grows up to become a serial killer who rapes, mutilates and murders women and young girls, removing their faces and sexual organs post-mortem; he also engages in self-harm "just to feel something". He claims to see visions of the Virgin Mary, who tells him to "stop the dirty sluts from spreading their disease". When he is finally caught, he is institutionalized in the State Psychiatric Hospital in Metropolis, treated by psychiatrist Amadeus Arkham. When Arkham goes back to Gotham City and opens Arkham Asylum, he goes back home to find that Hawkins had broken into his house and raped,murdered his wife and daughter. Hawkins is quickly captured again and sentenced to Arkham Asylum, becoming one of its first patients, once again under Amadeus Arkham's care. During their sessions, Hawkins takes great pleasure in describing the murders of Arkham's family in minute detail, even calling Arkham's daughter a whore. Arkham appears to take this all in his stride, and perseveres, earning praise from his colleagues for his dedication to mental health and rehabilitation. On the anniversary of the murder, Arkham announces that he will perform experimental electroshock therapy upon Hawkins, under the pretense of trying to cure him. Once Hawkins is strapped down to the operating table, Arkham turns up the voltage as high as it will go, inflicting as much pain upon Hawkins as possible before he finally dies. Hawkins' death is treated as an accident. It marks the beginning of Arkham's own descent into madness, however; Arkham is eventually institutionalized in his own hospital.

Paragraph 7: Sherman's uneventful flight over the Pacific Ocean was serene until an unfortunate accident involving a seagull puncturing his balloon forced him to crash land on a small volcanic island. He is befriended by Mr. F who informs him that he has landed on the island of Krakatoa and it is populated by twenty families sharing the wealth of a secret diamond mine - by far the richest in the world - which they operate as a cartel. Each year, the families sail to the outside world with a small amount of diamonds, to purchase supplies for the hidden and sophisticated civilization they have built on the island (they explain that introducing too many diamonds into the market at once would drive down their value to "a shipload of broken glass"). Each family has been assigned one of the first twenty letters of the alphabet, and lives in its own whimsical and elaborate house that also serves as a restaurant. The Krakatoa society follows a calendar with twenty-day months. On "A" Day of each month, everyone eats in Mr. and Mrs. A's American restaurant; on "B" Day, in Mr. and Mrs. B's British chop house; on "C" Day, in Mr. and Mrs. C's Chinese restaurant; on "D" Day, in Mr. and Mrs. D's Dutch restaurant, and so forth. Sherman's first friend on the island, Mr. F, runs a French restaurant containing a replica of the Hall of Mirrors. The houses are full of incredible items, such as Mr. M's Moroccan house, which has a living room with mobile furniture that operate like bumper cars. The children of the island invented their own form of amusement that combines elements from merry-go-rounds and balloon travel.

Paragraph 8: Linus repairs his Mother's bike with Charlie Brown watching. Linus' Mother leaves with Rerun on the back seat. Rerun goes through all the places they are set to visit, including the Arbor Day meeting. After Sally Brown is humiliated in class for misunderstanding the purpose of Arbor Day (she defines it as "the day when all the ships come sailing into the arbor"), she is told that she has to write a full report on Arbor Day, and Linus goes with her to the library to help her with the report. Linus leaves the library after Sally's repeated attempts to make him fall in love with her. The scene cuts to Charlie Brown and Peppermint Patty talking under a tree. Patty asks Charlie Brown to explain love to her, before she cuts him out several times. She switches the topic to baseball, going over the time her team plays his team, confident that she will win over him every time. Sally, Linus, Lucy, Snoopy and Woodstock decides to plant a lush garden—in Charlie Brown's baseball field, despite Linus' protests. Lucy then calls in the whole team to help with the planting. Charlie Brown is unaware on what is actually going on, and stays at home to work on his team's strategy. The gang informs Charlie Brown that they will name the field Charlie Brown Field, to his happiness. He is shocked to find what has happened to the field when they show him. Charlie Brown tries to make the best of the situation by placing baseball gloves and caps on the trees to make them look like scarecrows. The trees catch so many fly outs, Peppermint Patty's team is unable to score, giving Charlie Brown's team the advantage. Schroeder tells Lucy that he will kiss her if she hits a home run. To Schroeder's surprise and Charlie Brown's delight, Lucy hits the home run and scores the first run of the game. Moments later, Charlie Brown's joy turns to anguish as the game is rained out in a huge storm ruining the chance of his team winning their first game. At school the next day, Sally gives a successful report on the true meaning of Arbor Day. Meanwhile, Peppermint Patty speaks kindly to a discouraged Charlie Brown, she compliments the garden in Charlie Brown Field and wishes him "Happy Arbor Day", cheering him up.

Paragraph 9: "[Seated opposite the patient] I placed his knees between mine, and began to pass my hands slowly over his face, at the distance of an inch, and carried them down to the pit of his stomach. This was continued for half an hour … [as there seemed to be no change] the passes were continued for a quarter of an hour longer — still no sensible effect. Being now tired (thermometer 85°), I gave it up in despair, and declared it to be a failure. While I rested myself, the man remained quiet, and made fewer grimaces, and when ordered to open his eyes, he said there was a smoke in the room. This roused my attention, and tempted me to persevere. I now breathed on his head, and carried my hands from the back of his head over his face and down to the Epigastrium, where I pressed them united. The first time this was done, he took his hands off his groins and pressed them both firmly down upon mine …. The same process was persevered in, and in about an hour he began to gape, said he must sleep, that his senses were gone; and his replies became incoherent. … All appearance of pain now disappeared; his hands were crossed on his breast, instead of being pressed on the groins, and his countenance showed the most perfect repose." -- (Esdaile, 1846, pp.43-44)

Paragraph 10: The differences in wealth and living standards of the peasantry between the central agricultural region and the surrounding agricultural areas were rooted in two factors, that is 'local differences in the quality of the soil', and 'historic legacies stretching back to the days of serfdom'. Villages composed of former serfs were also less rich in land than those consisting of 'state peasants', i.e. peasants settled on land owned by the state. Orlando Figes cites the basic problem of the central agricultural zone being that 'the peasantry's egalitarian customs gave them little incentive to produce anything other than babies'; the birth rate in Russia at the second half of the 1800s were almost twice that of the European average, at about 50 to a 1000, with the highest rates in the lands with communal tenure, where the size of the family determined the size of land. This population boom were due to land shortage: the population density of Central Russia matched Western Europe, with the average peasant allotment similar in size to those in Germany and France (at about 2,6 desyatina, roughly 1,1 hectare in 1900), but with only half the grain yield; this sharp difference from the rest of Europe was caused by the heavily outdated methods used by the Russian peasants in Central Russia: instead of the heavy iron plough low pulled by four to six horses in Western Europe, central Russian farmers often used a light wooden plough pulled by one horse or two oxen; they also used a small hand-sickle compared to the scythe or reaping hook which had been in use in Western Europe for over 50 years; sowing, winnowing and threshing was still done by hand compared to mechanised production in the rest of Europe; the use of chemical fertilisers were greatly below European standards; and advanced field rotations (alternative between cereals and root crops) were still largely unknown, while having been introduced in Western Europe in the mid-eighteenth century during the agricultural revolution. To feed themselves more land was cultivated as few peasants had the money to modernise their farms, and this was accomplished by reducing the amount of communal pasture lands in the three-field system, which had the effect of reducing the livestock size and therefore also the main source of fertiliser, and exhausting the soil. By the end of the century one in three households did not own a horse, and had to either rent one or attach it to themselves and pull the plow themselves.

Paragraph 11: After his release he helped re-organise Sinn Féin in Belfast. He was selected as a candidate for the party in the 1918 general election for Mid Antrim. Though unsuccessful he polled 2,791 first preferences and saved his deposit. He served on the Commission of Inquiry into the Resources and Industries of Ireland which had been set up by the First Dáil in 1919. From October 1921 to November 1922 he served as Consul General of the Irish Republic to the United States in New York City. He disposed of his business in Belfast at this time. One of his chief roles was to combat propaganda from Britain unfavourable to Sinn Féin and the IRA. When the Anglo-Irish Treaty was signed he was very cautious in forming an immediate public opinion on it though was nervous about splits in the wider organisation. After the 1922 general election, and the arrival of Professor Timothy Smiddy as an accredited Ambassador in Washington, he was informed that he no longer held any recognition in the eyes of the US Government and so he returned home to Ireland. His family had at this time moved to Dublin and they set up home at Harold's Cross, never returning to Belfast. The Irish Civil War had then commenced and he formally tendered his resignation to the Free State Government.

Paragraph 12: The Numata family consists of the father, Kōsuke (Juzo Itami); mother, Chikako (Saori Yuki); and two sons, Shinichi (Jun'ichi Tsujita) and Shigeyuki (Ichirōta Miyagawa). Shigeyuki is a junior high school student. He will soon be taking a high school entrance examination. Unlike his high school student brother, Shinichi, who lives up to the father's expectations, Shigeyuki’s grades are poor, and he is only interested in roller coasters. His father finds a private tutor, Yoshimoto (Yūsaku Matsuda), for Shigeyuki and imposes all responsibilities for his exam on the tutor. Yoshimoto's behaviour is extremely strange, including kissing Shigeyuki and hitting him painfully hard. Even though Yoshimoto is a seventh year student of a third-rate university, Shigeyuki’s marks become better and better. Eventually he passes the exam for the high school. At a family celebration, Yoshimoto begins to riot, hitting people, pouring wine on their heads, and throwing spaghetti around wildly.

Paragraph 13: Nothing is known about his life except for a brief period during the late 1470s, although it is probable he was born in Picardy.  He was one of the members of the famous Sforza chapel choir in Milan between 1474 and 1476, which included Alexander Agricola, Loyset Compère and Johannes Martini, the time when this institution had one of the most famous groups of singers and composers in Europe.  After the assassination of Galeazzo Sforza in 1476, he left Milan, as did most of the musicians; Japart went to Ferrara where he was quickly employed by Ercole I d'Este; not only did he become one of the most highly paid singers at the Ferrarese court, but the Duke gave him a house in Ferrara.  By 1481 he was gone, and there is no further record of him.

Paragraph 14: No competition occurred during the end of Portuguese rule and the independence of Cape Verde.  Clubs from other islands started to compete in the finals.  Mindelense won the first title for an independent Cape Verde, the club lead in the most titles, in the first national championships, Mindelense faced Botafogo from Fogo, the first to feature a club outside Santiago or Sâo Vicente.  The 1978 national championships was cancelled as the winner of Sotavento was undecided to challenge Mindelense, the winner of the Barlavento Islands, the finals system was introduced in 1979.  Mindelense challenged Botafogo in the final match for the next two years, Botafogo won in 1980 and became the first championship outside Sâo Vicente and Santiago, Mindelense won again in 1981.  Clubs from Boa Vista competed in 1980.  In 1984, FC Derby faced Académica do Sal in the first finals with two clubs from the same island chain.  SC Morabeza was the first club from Brava to compete in the national championships in 1985, the next champion from Brava to compete would not be until 1993.  The group system was introduced in around the 1990s and had two to three matches each.  Clubs from the island of Maio would compete in 1990 and Santo Antão would compete in 1993.  The triangular system was introduced and was used in 1994 and 1995, the finals was restored again, for one season in 1997, the final phase was introduced and the winner was decided on the highest number of points and Mindelense won, the finals restored again in 1998 and 1999, for the next three seasons, the winner was decided on a total number of points and sometimes goals, Sporting and Batuque shared a record total of 19 points won at the national championships, no other club surpassed it since.  Since 2003, the winner would be decided to go to the playoffs on the number of points or goals from each of the two groups.  One champion from each island participated in the championships, that time the Santiago and Santo Antâo championships split into two zones.  The champion would play for the following season, sometimes a champion who wins a regional league in the follow season, a second placed club participates.  In the 2005 season, Sporting Praia defeated Desportivo Estância Baixo 13-0 and made it the highest scoring match that still stands to date, also Sporting Praia scored the most goals in the championship numbering 35 and still stands today, Derby was second who scored 32, Derby would claim their third and last title for the club.  Sporting Praia won their second consecutive title after defeating Académica do Mindelo under the away goals rule as both clubs were tied with a goal in the second final match.  In 2015, the FCF chose to keep the group system instead of alterations probably including only  the introduction of the first and second tier levels.  Mindelense has now a record twelve national titles since 2016 and was their last won, Sporting Praia is second since 2014.  The island of Sâo Vicente has now 17 titles won by different clubs, at the time three more than Santiago, two titles won by clubs from Boa Vista and one each from Fogo, Maio and Sal.  For some seasons, some of the clubs from a regional league did not participated, its recent one was Brava in 2011.

Paragraph 15: There is no consensus among scholars as to Benjamin of Tudela's exact route, although most scholars believe from his itinerary that he travelled on a popular route frequented by travelers at the time. Benjamin set out on his journey from the northeast Iberian Peninsula around 1165, in what may have begun as a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. It has been suggested he may have had a commercial motive as well as a religious one. Several times the subject shows an interest in the coral trade, perhaps as a professional gem-merchant. On the other hand, he may have intended to catalog the Jewish communities en route to the Land of Israel to provide a guide where hospitality could be found for Jews traveling to the Holy Land, or for those fleeing oppression elsewhere. He stopped frequently, meeting people, visiting places, describing occupations, and giving a demographic count of Jews in each town and country that he visited. Benjamin provided his own evaluations of various cultures he encountered and, sometimes, drew parallels between customs he encountered.

Paragraph 16: While Jay Kay was sending songs to record companies, he wrote the first track "When You Gonna Learn" after taking inspiration from Native American and First Nation peoples and their philosophies, and from his anger towards the shooting of elephants in a television programme. The song also "takes on everything from racism to corporate greed" according to Interview. Kay said the track laid down "the sound, the flavor [and] the concept" of the album. After he had it recorded, Kay fought with his producer, who took out half the lyrics and produced the song based on what was charting at the time. With the track restored to his preference, the experience helped Kay realise he "wanted a proper live band with a proper live sound". The band would be named "Jamiroquai", a blend of the words "jam" and the name of a Native American confederacy, the Iroquois.

Paragraph 17: Gaston Le Breton (1845-1920) - Léon de Vesly (1844-1920) - André Dubosc (-1935) - Georges Dubosc (1854-1927) - Raoul Aubé (1846-1921) - Édouard Duveau (1839-1917) - Narcisse Beaurain - Edmond Bonet - Émile Bellon - Charles Collette - G. Debray - Louis Deglatigny (1854-1936) - François Depeaux (1853-1920) - F. Devaux - Ernest Fauquet - Eugène Fauquet (1850-1926) - J. Félix - J.-B. Faucher - A. Fleury - Albert Fromage (1843-1904) - R. Garreta - Onésime Geoffroy - Émile Janet - Jules Lecerf - Lucien Lefort (1850-1916) - Legrip - Ferdinand Marrou (1836-1917) - G. Moïse - V. Quesné - Paul Toutain - A. Witz - Marie - Raoul Brunon (1854-1929) - Balley - Antonio Keittinger (1855-1902) - Henri Delamare - Paul Brunon - Gustave Leseigneur - Ruel Martin - René Martin - François Hue - Levesque - Élie Percepied - Édouard Pelay (1842-1921) - Ferdinand Coutan (1852-1952) - Leverdier - Desmonts - Guérin - Jean Lafond (1888-1975) - Émile Schneider - Georges Lemeilleur - Henri Gadeau de Kerville (1858-1940) - Le Testu - Émile Bellon - Marcel Cartier (1861-1926) - Émile Fauquet - Chivet - Julien Loth (1837-1913) - Héron - Paul Pinchon - Roncero y Martinez - Lamain - Paul Piquet - Henri Hie - Marcel Nicolle (1871-1934) - G. Laurent - Lancesseur - Lassire - Héaullé - Denize - J. Fontaine - Brunet-Debaines - A. de Rothiacob - Albert Lambert - Chédanne - Lestringant - Raymond Loisel - Delarue - G. Vallée - Le Villain - Laborde - Latouche - Heurion - Lefèvre-Mézand - Ernest Delaunay (1854-1939) - Armand Descande - Paul Barre - E. Simon - A? Boutrolle - Julien Robert - Montier - Morel - Dardel - Lamy - Léon Coutil (1856-1943) - Richard Waddington (1838-1913) - François-Xavier Knieder (-1904) - Lucien Deglatigny - C. Caill - Louvet-Renaux - G. Girieud - Lambard - Thénard - Édouard Delabarre (1871-1951) - Abel Blanchet - Georges de Robillard de Beaurepaire (1863-1941) - Verpillot - Keittinger - Daniel Lenoir - Calippe - Paissard - Stanislas Villette - Mainnemare - Charles Leblond - Robert Lesage - Louis Dupendant - Laurent Trévoux - Pierre Le Verdier - Bernard Héronchelle - Lesourd - Giraud - Augé - Robert de Pomereu (1860-1937) - G. Chavoutier - Ridel - Gaston Lévy - Bonet-Paon - Le Plé - Le Bocq - Auguste Jeanne - Wilhelm - Ravenez - Henri Cavrel - Maurice Lemarchand - Paul Baudoüin (1844-1931) - Sevin - Augustin Le Marchand - A. Chevalier - Martin - Allais - Auguste Leblond - Georges Ruel (1860-1942) - Georges Privey - Gaston Bertel - Armand Le Corbeiller - Vaumousse - Hoffman - Georges Monflier - Georges Drouet - Achille Manchon - Louis Prévost - H. Godron - Manfred Wanckel - Georges Delacaisse - Pierre Derocque (1872-1934) - Maurice Nibelle (1860-1933) - Foucher fils - Henri Geispitz - Octave Marais - Henri Huet - G.-A. Godillot - André Dubosc - Joseph Dépinay - Taupin - Laquerière - Ch. Sahut - Pierre Chirol (1881-1953) - Albert Letourneur - Roussel - Bourgeois - Cartier - Maurice Allinne (1868-1942) - Jean-Pierre Bardet (1937-) - Louis Boucher (1857-1940) - Raymonde Bouttier (-1997) - Charles Brisson (1890-1979) - Alfred Cerné (1856-1937) - Élisabeth Chirol (1915-2001) - Louis Dubreuil (1873-1943) - Jeanne Dupic (1901–1984) - Henri Labrosse (1880-1942) - Daniel Lavallée (1925-1989) - Paul Le Cacheux (1873-1938) - Georges Liebert (-1951) - Raymond Quenedey (1868-1938) - Patrice Quéréel (1946-2015) - René Rouault de la Vigne (1889-1985) - Georges Vanier (1877-1961) - Pierre-René Wolf (1899-1972) - Lucien-René Delsalle (1935-2018)

Paragraph 18: Hal Ambler, a former Consular Operations agent in the Political Stabilization Unit, is kept heavily medicated and closely watched in a psychiatric facility just off the US coast. However, Ambler is unique amongst the other patients in the Parrish Island psychiatric facility, because he is perfectly sane. With the help of a sympathetic nurse, Ambler manages to clear his mind of the drug-induced haze and stage a daring escape off the island. Although he is desperate to discover who put him on Parrish Island and why, the world in which  he returns appears to have conveniently forgotten him. Friends and associates no longer recognize him, no official records of his existence are to be found, and the face he sees in the mirror is not his own. After contacting several old associates who do not recognize him or even have any recollection of his existence, Ambler goes to a cabin in certain part of country which had always been his lone solace even during his days as a field agent. He arrives to find no cabin, and the landscape looked such that there hadn't been any before. A tranquillizer dart armed with carfetanyl then strikes him, but does not affect his thought processes severely . He tracks down the sniper and forces the sniper, a freelance operative, to give him authorisation codes. However, before the operative can be milked for more information, he is killed by a sniper whose single bullet also grazed Ambler's neck. He then  contacts the agency that is tracking him  down. Ambler comes in contact with agents from  his past in the Political Stabilization Unit. Among those is Osiris, a blind operative who had an uncanny linguistic ability and has also regarded Ambler as his close friend. His friend is subsequently shot and killed by a Chinese intelligence officer independent of the organization Ambler is being hired by, who believes Ambler wants to assassinate the Chinese head of state. He uncovers a conspiracy involving a State Department official to kill the Chinese President, in order to hinder the shift in power and to restore the old world order of Pax Americana, in accordance with her university lecturer, Ashton Palmer's fanatical ideals. Ambler manages to unravel the conspiracy, while at the same time discovering that the nurse who had freed him and supposedly helped him on his endeavours to find out more about himself was in league with the "Palmerites", or so those who conform to Palmer's ideals are called. Ambler's ability to determine others' emotions and pick up even the slightest of change in facial expression is foiled, for the nurse was trained in Method acting. At the end of the book, Ambler is seen to be lounging with the desk-jockey CIA officer who had assisted him in self-discovery and the foiling of the conspiracy.

Paragraph 19: Plutarch's Life of Numa and Life of Camillus offer two possible origins for this feast, or the famous Nonae Caprotinae or Poplifugium. Firstly — and, in Plutarch's opinion, most likely — it commemorates the mysterious disappearance of Romulus during a violent thunderstorm that interrupted an assembly in the Palus Caprae ("Goats' Marsh"). Secondly, it commemorates a Roman victory by Camillus over the Latins;  according to a minor tradition, a Roman serving maid or slave dressed as a noblewoman and surrendered herself to the Latins as hostage; that night, she climbed a wild fig-tree (caprificus, literally "goat-fig") and gave the Romans a torchlight signal to attack.

Paragraph 20: Dingo-samples that have been collected in the 1960s and 1970s indicated that half of the wild dogs of southern Australia were dingo-hybrids; analyses from the early 1980s supported the trend of increasing interbreeding. Based on skull features researchers found out that the proportion of "pure" dingoes in the highlands of the Southeast decreased from 49% in the 1960s to 17% in the 1980s. During examinations in the year 1985 in Southeast-Australia only 55% of the 407 studied "dingoes" weren't hybrids. 36% of the dogs were dingo-hybrids and the rest wild dogs of other origin. In the middle of the 1980s the proportion of "pure" dingoes to dingo-hybrids in Central Australia was estimated (based on skull features) to be 97.5% and 2.4% respectively. In contrast, in Southeast-Australia the estimates were 55.3% and 33.92% respectively. It was reasoned from these findings that mixed populations can be expected in areas where human settlements exist and wild dogs remain, furthermore that hybrids can be expected to be rarer in remote areas. Broken colour-patterns, red with white, black or bluish spots, completely black, brown or bluish, black-and-white and piebald striped patterns were also more prevalent in the second area (34.8%) than in the first (5.7%). In Southeast-Australia there were no differences between areas near farmlands and forest concerning the frequency of the colourations. Many of these colourations also occurred in breeding experiments of reddish dingoes with variously coloured other domestic dogs. All in all about 50% of the populations in Eastern and Southern Australia consisted of hybrids in the 1980s. Depending on the area in Southeast-Australia it was estimated that the proportion of "pure" dingoes was at least 22% and at its most 65%. 100 dog skulls from the Queensland Museum were measured and analysed, to determine the frequency of dingoes in the dog-populations of Queensland. The highest frequency of dingoes (95%) was found among skulls from central Queensland and the highest frequency of other domestic dogs and dingo-hybrids (50%) was found in the Southeast of the state. K'gari had only a low frequency of hybrids (17%) that were mostly limited to the southern half of the island. It was estimated back then that the proportion of dingo-hybrids in the continent-wide population was about 78%. At the turn of the millennium only 74% of 180 skulls from seven main areas of Australia could be classified as dingo-skulls during measurements and none of the populations consisted exclusively of dingoes. According to Laurie Corbett some examined wild dog populations in New South Wales consisted entirely of hybrids.

Paragraph 21: During the third year of his tenure as president, he was embattled by the Cold War on ice. The 1962 Ice Hockey World Championships were scheduled for Colorado Springs, Colorado, for the first world championship hosted in the United States, and also the first to be played after the construction of the Berlin Wall in August 1961. Lebel warned that there would be sanctions if the West Germany team refused to play the East Germany team as had happened in the previous year's championships. Prior to the 1962 event, the East German team were denied travel permits by the Allied Travel Bureau, so they were prevented from getting travel visas to the United States. In response, Lebel reiterated that East Germany was a member in good standing with the IIHF, entitled to play at the event, and that the IIHF would do everything in its power to enable East Germany to travel. The Soviet Union subsequently withdrew in protest, which began speculation of an Eastern Bloc boycott of the event. Lebel declined requests to relocate the event, said that it would go on as planned, and appealed to the travel bureau on behalf of the East Germans. He also denied a motion by the Soviets to remove the European Championship and World Championship statuses from the event, since the motion violated the IIHF constitution. Canada wanted to use former professionals at the event, but Lebel defended the IIHF decision to exclude players reinstated as amateurs after September 1, 1961, even though it worked against many Canadian players. Lebel was satisfied with the overall event including 14 teams despite the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia not attending. After the event, Soviet news agency TASS called for Lebel to be replaced at the IIHF, and for measures put in place to prevent politics in sports.

Paragraph 22: The 2012 season also saw long-serving linebacker Ray Lewis announce his retirement heading into the AFC Wildcard game against the Indianapolis Colts.  Lewis tore his triceps midway through October in his 17th season with the Ravens after Baltimore selected him with the 26th overall pick in the 1996 NFL Draft.  The unusual timing of the announcement was criticized by some, such as former New York Giant Amani Toomer who accused Lewis of being selfish.  Nonetheless, many, to include team mate Terrell Suggs, considered the timing to as a "stroke of genius in regards to Lewis' strong motivational presence, and credited Lewis with providing the necessary inspiration for the team in what would prove to be a Super Bowl victory season.  They defeated the Colts during the Wild Card round on January 6, 2013 at M&T Bank Stadium, with Ray Lewis celebrating his final game at home with his trademark dance both at the start of the game as he was introduced and on the final play of the game when he was brought back onto the field. With the defeat of the Colts in the Wildcard round, the Ravens were primed to face the Denver Broncos at Mile High Stadium in Denver in the AFC divisional round. Labeled as huge underdogs coming into the game, especially considering the previous thrashing the Broncos dealt them in a home loss on December 16, 2012, the Ravens shocked the sports world by defeating the Peyton Manning-led Denver Broncos in double overtime, 38–35, in a spectacular divisional round matchup on Saturday, January 12, 2013. It looked as though they had lost the game as they got the ball with just over a minute left on their own twenty-three-yard line, but a clutch 70-yard touchdown pass, known colloquially as "The Mile High Miracle", from Joe Flacco to Jacoby Jones sent the game to overtime. In overtime, an interception of Peyton Manning by Corey Graham (who had already returned one interception for a touchdown earlier in the game) put the Ravens in field position to kick the winning field goal. The win vaulted the Ravens to play for the AFC Conference Championship against the New England Patriots on Sunday, January 20, 2013; the Ravens won 28–13 after shutting out Tom Brady and the New England offense in the second half, completely dismantling any offensive attempt(s) thereafter. The win placed the Ravens in Super Bowl XLVII against the San Francisco 49ers on February 3, 2013. The Ravens opened the game in thrilling fashion as their opening drive of the game ended with a touchdown pass from eventual Super Bowl MVP Joe Flacco to wide receiver Anquan Boldin. Flacco threw two second-quarter touchdown passes as Baltimore took a 21–6 lead into halftime. After halftime, the Ravens received the kickoff from the 49ers, and Jacoby Jones returned the kickoff for a record setting 108-yard touchdown. However, soon after the Jacoby Jones touchdown, a power-outage at the stadium led to a 34-minute stoppage in play due to inefficiencies in lighting, on-field visibility, and electrical equipment. After power was restored, the 49ers regained composure and came storming back, scoring 17 unanswered points. The 49ers had a final chance to take the lead late in the game, but a goal-line stand by the Ravens with less than two minutes remaining sealed the contest as the Baltimore Ravens won Super Bowl XLVII 34–31. Super Bowl XLVII has also been dubbed the "Harbaugh Bowl" since the 49ers were coached by Jim Harbaugh, the brother of Ravens coach John Harbaugh.

Paragraph 23: Following the group's disbandment in 2001, the group remained on hiatus until 2009, when Lil Wayne brought out Juvenile and B.G. at one of his shows on the I Am Music Tour in New Orleans. Lil Wayne had been reportedly trying to spearhead a Hot Boys reunion beginning in 2008, with the support of the other group members. However, by 2012, only two songs featuring Lil Wayne, Juvenile, and B.G. materialized: "Ya Heard Me" from B.G.'s 2009 album Too Hood 2 Be Hollywood and the exclusive "If I Ain't a Hot Boy". Although Turk was released from prison in 2012, talks of a reunion were quelled when B.G. was arrested for weapons possession in 2009 and subsequently sentenced to 14 years in federal prison for gun possession and witness tampering in 2012. In December 2012, Turk released a song called "Zip It" featuring Lil Wayne on his SoundCloud account. A few weeks later, a remix was released with Juvenile featured on the last verse. In February 2013, a version with all four members of the group was released, with B.G. recording his verse over the phone from prison. In 2013, The Hot Boys (minus B.G.) appeared in the video of 2 Chainz's song "Used 2", whose lyrics are reminiscent of Juvenile's "Back That Azz Up". "Used 2" was produced by Mannie Fresh, who also appears in the video. The Hot Boys (without B.G.) performed with Mannie Fresh during Lil Wayne's Lil WeezyAna Fest in August 2015. Lil Wayne, Juvenile, and The Big Tymers reunited on a song called "Hate" in 2016.

Paragraph 24: In 1904, Davenport became director of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, where he founded the Eugenics Record Office in 1910. During his time at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Davenport began a series of investigations into aspects of the inheritance of human personality and mental traits, and over the years he generated hundreds of papers and several books on the genetics of alcoholism, pellagra (later shown to be due to a vitamin deficiency), criminality, feeblemindedness, seafaringness, bad temper, intelligence, manic depression, and the biological effects of race crossing. Additionally, Davenport mentored many people while working at the Laboratory, such as Massachusetts suffragist, Claiborne Catlin Elliman. Before Charles Davenport came across eugenics, he studied math. He came to know these subjects through Professors Karl Pearson and gentleman amateur Francis Galton. He met them in London. Upon meeting them, he fell in love with the subject matter. In 1901, Biometrika, a journal of which Charles Davenport was a co editor, gave him the opportunity to use the skills that he had learned. Davenport became an advocate of the biometrical approach for the rest of his life. He began to study human heredity, and much of his effort was later turned to promoting eugenics. His 1911 book, Heredity in Relation to Eugenics, was used as a college textbook for many years. The year after it was published Davenport was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. Davenport's work with eugenics caused much controversy among many other eugenicists and scientists. Although his writings were about eugenics, their findings were very simplistic and out of touch with the findings from genetics. This caused much racial and class bias. Only his most ardent admirers regarded it as truly scientific work. During Davenport's tenure at Cold Spring Harbor, several reorganizations took place there. In 1918 the Carnegie Institution of Washington took over funding of the ERO with an additional handsome endowment from Mary Harriman. Davenport was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1907. In 1921 he was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.

Paragraph 25: Mary Anne Hearn was born in Farningham in Kent in 1834 to Joseph Hearn and Rebecca Bowers, a religious Nonconformist couple in the Baptist denomination. In her memoir, she describes her thankfulness at having been raised in the country in a loving, devout, and amusing family. She tells the following anecdote about her father, a deacon and teetotaler who worked as a merchant:My father was very fond of his bees, and he and they were good friends. I remember once he took me up with him to perform a curious little ceremony. He had lost a cousin, and he told me he was going to inform the bees, and they would say they were sorry. He tapped the hive, and then said in a low, quiet voice, "My cousin is dead," and I felt a cold shiver pass over me, as I distinctly heard a wailing response like a buzzing moan from the bees.According to Hearn, her first piece of poetry was "an epitaph on a dead toad which we found in the garden, and which we put in a match-box and buried with great solemnity." Faced with their daughter's increasing desperation to learn how to read, Joseph and Rebecca allowed her to visit the pastor's daughter, Isabella, for basic lessons. Besides this, she was home-schooled, taught to perform domestic chores at home and to reflect on Bible stories to gain wisdom, as her family did not approve of the National School. Hearn credits the poetry of Felicia Hemans as her inspiration for pursuing a poetic career, her first reading of "A Better Land" causing Hearn to feel faint and overcome with "strange, sweet emotions." Coming after the death of her little brother, the unexpected loss of her mother to what may have been consumption made Hearn the woman of the house at 12 years of age, forced to care for the home and her younger siblings. In the 1851 England Census, when she was 16 years of age, she is listed as "housekeeper" for her father's family. Hearn's further education was possible when the British and Foreign Bible Society opened a British School nearby, with Miss Eliza Hearn of Eynesford (no relation) as headmistress.  With no time for reading and utterly despondent, Hearn was saved from a life of drudgery by this woman, who took an interest in the angry young girl after noticing her situation at church with "infinite compassion"; she consequently promoted Mary Anne's interest in education.

Paragraph 26:  Species Duguetia aberrans  Maas Duguetia adiscandra  Jans.-Jac. Duguetia amazonica  R.E.Fr. Duguetia amplexifolia  R.E.Fr. Duguetia antioquensis  H.León & Maas Duguetia arenicola  Maas Duguetia aripuanae  Maas Duguetia asterotricha  R.E.Fr. Duguetia bahiensis  Maas Duguetia barteri  (Benth.) Chatrou Duguetia bracteosa  Mart. Duguetia brevipedunculata  (R.E.Fr.) R.E.Fr. Duguetia cadaverica  Huber Duguetia calycina  Benoist Duguetia candollei  Baill. Duguetia caniflora  León & Maas Duguetia caudata  R.E.Fr. Duguetia cauliflora  R.E.Fr. Duguetia chrysea  Maas Duguetia chrysocarpa  Maas Duguetia colombiana  Maas Duguetia confinis  (Engl. & Diels) Chatrou Duguetia confusa  Maas Duguetia coriacea  Sond. Duguetia cuspidata  R.E.Fr. Duguetia decurrens  R.E.Fr. Duguetia dicholepidata  Mart. Duguetia dicholepidota  Mart. Duguetia dilabens  Chatrou & Repetur Duguetia dimorphopetala  R.E.Fr. Duguetia duckei  R.E.Fr. Duguetia echinophora  R.E.Fr. Duguetia elegans  R.E.Fr. Duguetia elliptica  R.E.Fr. Duguetia eximia  Diels Duguetia flagellaris  Huber Duguetia friesii  Jans.-Jac. Duguetia furfuracea  (A.St.-Hil.) Saff. Duguetia gardneriana  Mart. Duguetia gentryi  Maas Duguetia glabra  Britton Duguetia glabriuscula  R.E.Fr. Duguetia granvilleana  Maas Duguetia guianensis  R.E.Fr. Duguetia hadrantha  (Diels) R.E.Fr. Duguetia hemmendorffii  R.E.Fr. Duguetia heteroclada  R.E.Fr. Duguetia ibonensis  Rusby Duguetia inconspicua  Sagot Duguetia insculpta  R.E.Fr. Duguetia jonasiana  (Barb.Rodr.) R.E.Fr. Duguetia lanceolata  A.St.-Hil. Duguetia latifolia  R.E.Fr. Duguetia leiophylla  Donn.Sm. Duguetia lepidota  (Miq.) Pulle Duguetia leptocarpa  Benth. ex R.E.Fr. Duguetia longicuspis  Benth. Duguetia longifolia  (Aubl.) Baill. Duguetia lucida  Urb. Duguetia macrocalyx  R.E.Fr. Duguetia macrophylla  R.E.Fr. Duguetia magnolioidea  Maas Duguetia magnoloidea  Maas Duguetia manausensis  Maas & Boon Duguetia marcgraviana  Mart. Duguetia megalocarpa  Maas Duguetia megalophylla  R.E.Fr. Duguetia microphylla  (R.E.Fr.) R.E.Fr. Duguetia moricandiana  Mart. Duguetia neglecta  Sandwith Duguetia nitida  Maas Duguetia oblanceolata  R.E.Fr. Duguetia oblongifolia  R.E.Fr. Duguetia obovata  R.E.Fr. Duguetia odorata  J.F.Macbr. Duguetia oligocarpa  Maas & J.A.C.Dam Duguetia panamensis  Standl. Duguetia paraensis  R.E.Fr. Duguetia pauciflora  Rusby Duguetia pedunculata  J.F.Macbr. Duguetia peruviana  J.F.Macbr. Duguetia phaeoclados  (Mart.) Maas & H.Rainer Duguetia pohliana  Mart. Duguetia pycnastera  Sandwith Duguetia quitarensis  Benth. Duguetia restingae  Maas Duguetia reticulata  Maas Duguetia rhizantha  (Eichler) Huber Duguetia riberensis  Aristeg. ex Maas & Boon Duguetia riedeliana  R.E.Fr. Duguetia rigida  R.E.Fr. Duguetia rionegrensis  Zuilen & Maas Duguetia riparia  Huber Duguetia rostrata  Rusby Duguetia rotundifolia  R.E.Fr. Duguetia ruboides  Maas & He Duguetia salicifolia  R.E.Fr. Duguetia sanctae-crucis  S.Moore Duguetia sancticaroli  Maas Duguetia sancticarolii  Maas Duguetia sandwithii  R.E.Fr. Duguetia schlechtendaliana  Mart. Duguetia schulzii  Jans.-Jac. Duguetia scottmorii  Maas Duguetia sessilis  (Vell.) Maas Duguetia sooretamae  Maas Duguetia spixiana  Mart. Duguetia spruceana  R.E.Fr. Duguetia staudtii  (Engl. & Diels) Chatrou Duguetia stenantha  R.E.Fr. Duguetia subcordata  Maas & J.A.C.Dam Duguetia surinamensis  R.E.Fr. Duguetia tenuis  R.E.Fr. Duguetia tessmannii  R.E.Fr. Duguetia tobagensis  R.E.Fr. Duguetia trichostemon  R.E.Fr. Duguetia trunciflora  Maas & Gentry Duguetia tuberculata  Maas Duguetia ulei  (Diels) R.E.Fr. Duguetia uniflora  Mart. Duguetia vallicola  J.F.Macbr. Duguetia vaupesana  Westra & Maas Duguetia venezuelana  R.E.Fr. Duguetia yeshidan''  Sandwith

Paragraph 27: The concept originates in Robin Hanson's argument that the failure to find any extraterrestrial civilizations in the observable universe implies that something is wrong with one or more of the arguments (from various scientific disciplines) that the appearance of advanced intelligent life is probable; this observation is conceptualized in terms of a "Great Filter" which acts to reduce the great number of sites where intelligent life might arise to the tiny number of intelligent species with advanced civilizations actually observed (currently just one: human). This probability threshold, which could lie in the past or following human extinction, might work as a barrier to the evolution of intelligent life, or as a high probability of self-destruction. The main conclusion of this argument is that the easier it was for life to evolve to the present stage, the bleaker the future chances of humanity probably are.

Paragraph 28: At the end of primary school (or at the beginning of secondary school), pupils are separated (see Indicator C for Fribourg under Primary School) according to their capacities and career-intentions in several (often three) sections for a period of 2–3 years (Sekundarschule) in either Pre-higher secondary school section, General section, or Basic section (Basic may be called Realschule in German or Classe d'exigence de base in French). Students who aspire for an academic career enter Mittelschule (also named Gymnasium, or Kantonsschule, a public school by the canton/state) to be prepared for further studies and the Matura (normally obtained after 12 or 13 years of school usually at the age of 18 or 19). Students intending to pursue a trade or vocation complete three to four additional years before entering Vocational Educations which are regulated by federal law and are based on a cooperation of private business offering educational job-positions and public schools offering obligatory school-lessons complementary to the on-the-job education. This so-called "dual system" splitting academic and vocational training has its continuation in the higher education system. While the academic training leads to the matura and free admission to universities, successfully completed vocational education gives access to third level of practical education, the Höhere Fachschule (Schweiz). If in addition to the vocational training the Berufsmaturitätsschule is completed the Fachhochschule may be visited instead. Rather recently introduced is a third, middle path via the Fachmittelschule which leads to a direct access to a Fachhochschule after a successful graduation of a Fachmatura. In some cantons, students with a Fachmatura may also get access to universities after a successful additional year.  In the science literacy assessment of PISA, 15-year-old students in Switzerland had the 16th highest average score of 57 countries.

Paragraph 29: The synod opened with Mass in St. Peter's Basilica on the morning of 24 November 1985, the Feast of Christ the King. The pope and 165 bishops, all wearing choir dress, processed through the basilica on the same path as during the opening ceremony of the first session of the Second Vatican Council. The bishops took their seats on elevated platforms facing the pope, amidst choirs singing liturgical music. In his homily, Pope John Paul II encouraged the bishops to revive the Spirit of Vatican II, saying:"We start the synod process in this eucharistic celebration with the same willingness to listen to the Holy Spirit, with the same love for the Church, with the same gratitude to Divine Providence that were present in the council Fathers twenty years ago. During the next two weeks all the members of the synod, among whom there are many people who lived in the exceptional grace of the council, they will walk together with the council to revive the spiritual atmosphere of this great ecclesiastical event and to promote, in the light of key documents then issued and the experience gained over the next two decades, the full flowering of new life aroused by the Holy Spirit and ecumenical attention at this, for the greater glory of God and for the coming of his Kingdom."Later in the homily, he expressed his desire for greater unity both within the Catholic Church and amongst all Christians, specifically acknowledging the presence of the observer-delegates from other denominations. After Mass, Pope John Paul II gave his inaugural address to open the synod. In the address, the pope presented a spiritual theme, but did not deliver specific instructions, appearing to give the bishops flexibility in choosing the synod's direction. He encouraged them to forge new "vistas" for the Church's mission. The pope said:''In this time of ours, when from various sides the primacy of man is set up in opposition to the primacy of God, the Council in a convincing manner makes aware that the 'kingdom of man' can find its proper dimension only in the Kingdom of God."Many bishops praised the pope's opening address, appreciating his commitment to the ideals of Vatican II and his hope for its continued realization. The American Cardinal Joseph Bernardin, described the speech as optimistic and encouraging, saying, "My hope is that the synod will motivate us all to continue this kind of reflection and evaluation." In addition to the pope's speech, Cardinal John Krol, one of three delegate-presidents, also gave an opening speech, described by one Catholic magazine as "magnificent." Cardinal Gabriel-Marie Garrone, the President of the Pontifical Council for Culture, gave a reflective address discussed the Second Vatican Council. Following the opening ceremony, Pope John Paul II addressed the hundreds of young people who had gathered in St. Peter's Square, many of them congregated around a large wooden cross that the pope had gifted to the "youth of the world."

Paragraph 30: Paruma is a stratovolcano that lies on the border of Bolivia and Chile. It is part of a ridge that contains several stratovolcanos. Paruma lies at the eastern end of the ridge, with Olca to its west. The older volcano Paruma lies to east of Paruma. Paruma has clearly been active during the Holocene, with many morphologically young lava flows on its flanks. It also has persistent fumaroles. One lava flow in particular extends for 7 kilometres to the south-east of the peak. Historical activity along the ridge has been confined to one eruption from 1865 to 1867, the character of which is not precisely known.