Paragraph 1: Cetto La Qualunque: is the character perfectly managed the madness of mayors and politicians of Italy of today. Even the same last name "La Qualunque" (The Whatever) has a role in the creation of the character of the corrupt politician who thinks only to cultivate his interests in the small town of Marina di Sopra in Calabria. He has links with the Mafia and responds rudely to anyone in the country try to contradict him.Cetto is a cruel man, although in a manner not dictatorial. He is also extremely racist, homophobic and ignorant towards the general culture and of any human right. In this film he is fortunately taken away to prison by the Undersecretary of the Prime Minister and placed as a deputy in the Parliament House. However, he in prison, because it was very famous as a corrupt man, was treated with the highest honors and services, in spite of all the other prisoners, but that does not make much difference Cetto. In the film Cetto, sicro known as a man of himself, begins to have problems. In fact, his ignorance and his cruelty racist repentagli are made by mistake when he has sex with a transsexual, sent to him by the Secretary, a man far more corrupt and pervert him. Cetto has never thought that a man so perfectly womanizer like he may have made a mistake so scary in having homosexual relations. From this point he has a crisis and starts to go by the psychologist, continuing alway to reproach his mistake which can never forgive himself. There is a scene in which he tries to cut even the hand that touched on that fateful male phallus. After a dream scabrosos and detector, Cetto he tells the psychologist who, with a lot of freedom and emancipation, the confirmation that Cetto could simply be homosexual. Cetto this statement goes crazy and starts screaming in terror, losing control of himself. The psychologist, understanding the extreme ignorance of his patient, looks full of compassion. In fact at the beginning of the sessions Cetto had even exchanged the image of Sigmund Freud to the grandfather of the woman! When comes Pino, the faithful friend of Cetto, he is still screaming in fear. When he finds out the answer of the psychologist, he begins to scream in fear too, pointing his gun against the woman, who looks both with great piety. At the end of the film fortunately Cetto be able to forget the traumatic experience with homosexuality in general and having fun in bed with his prostitutes from all over the world.

Paragraph 2: In 1986, when the Department of Defense established the new joint Special Operations Command, the Marine Corps opted not to participate. Then Commandant Paul X. Kelley expressed the belief popular in the Corps that Marines should support Marines, and that the Corps should not fund a special warfare capability that would operate independently of the Fleet Marine Force. The Corps wanted to retain the Corps' Force Reconnaissance units within the MAGTF command structure and prevent the development of an "elite" within the Marine Corps. Marine Corps leadership believed that such a development would be at the expense of the effectiveness of the Corps as a whole. However, following the 11 September attacks and the current global war on terror, that view began to shift. Defense Secretary Rumsfeld immediately directed the Marine Corps and USSOCOM to work more closely together in what would be called the global war on terror. Marine resistance to special warfare units dissipated when Marine leaders watched the Corps' "crown jewels" – the 15th and 26th MEU Maritime Special Purpose Forces – sit on the sidelines during the early stages of Operation Enduring Freedom while other special warfare units led the way. Resistance from SOF commanders already in-country and indifference from the Navy chain of command left the MEU(SOC)s unused for over a month, relegated to supporting roles where SOF lacked manpower.

Paragraph 3: Princess Guantao initially proposed to marry her teenage daughter to Liu Rong (劉榮), Emperor Jing's eldest son and crown prince at the time, as well as son of his favourite concubine, Lady Li (栗姬).  However, Lady Li rudely rejected the proposal as she was upset that Princess Guantao often procured new concubines for Emperor Jing (therefore gaining his favour at the expense of Lady Li).  A greatly humiliated and frustrated Princess Guantao then approached Consort Wang Zhi, another concubine favoured by Emperor Jing, and offered to marry her daughter to Consort Wang's 5-year-old son Liu Che, Emperor Jing's tenth (and arguably favourite) son and then the Prince of Jiaodong (膠東王).  Consort Wang, who had been watching quietly from the sidelines, saw her opportunity and welcomed the proposal immediately.  This political marriage secured an alliance between them. They then plotted together to ensure that Emperor Jing became increasingly annoyed at Lady Li.  Coupled with Lady Li's own foolishness, it eventually resulted in the deposition of Liu Rong, who was demoted from crown prince to the Prince of Linjiang (臨江王) in 150 BC and exiled out of the capital Chang'an.  Lady Li died soon after, and Liu Rong was arrested two years later for illegally seizing imperial shrine lands and committed suicide in custody. But Emperor Jing initially did not approve of the union between Liu Che and Chen Jiao due to their age difference (Chen was at least 8–9 years older than Liu Che).

Paragraph 4: The Gazette credited Granger for being instrumental in founding the QAHA, fighting to maintain amateurism and for allowing hockey to thrive in Quebec. The establishment of the QAHA protected its leagues from the loss of players to the Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association, from which the Montreal City Amateur Hockey League had resigned during World War I in a dispute that the association operated under veiled professionalism. Granger warned that anyone playing against professionals would jeopardize their amateur status, and that the Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association had never affiliated with the QAHA or the CAHA. Granger was elected president of the QAHA on December 8, 1919, and continued his campaign to clean up amateur hockey and expand the influence of the CAHA when he welcomed the Ottawa Amateur Federation into an affiliation with the QAHA. The affiliation settled the differences between multiple leagues in Ottawa now unified under the same jurisdiction. The QAHA implemented standard rules to rid its leagues of unsporting physical play, and grew with the additions of the Montreal City Amateur Intermediate League and the Bankers League of Montreal. With the intent to stabilize rosters for the playoffs, Granger enforced a deadline of January 31 where teams could mutually agree to allow players to transfer from one team to another. The Ottawa Amateur Federation left the QAHA in 1920, when it was granted branch status in the CAHA as the Ottawa and District Amateur Hockey Association (ODAHA). Despite the loss of the Ottawa teams, the QAHA grew by accepting three new leagues based in Montreal, the Montreal Independent Intermediate Hockey League, the Pulp and Paper Company League, and the Montreal Industrial League; and expected applications from the Quebec City Intermediate League and the Quebec City Junior League, in addition to the existing Quebec City Senior League.

Paragraph 5: Following the allegations, Moore appeared as a guest on Sacha Baron Cohen's 2018 comedy series Who Is America? in which Baron Cohen, disguised as  Israeli anti-terrorism expert Erran Morad, demonstrates new "technology", supposedly developed by the Israeli Army to identify pedophiles. Moore walked out of the interview after the device repeatedly indicated he was a pedophile. In September 2018, Moore filed a lawsuit against Baron Cohen, Showtime, and CBS Corporation seeking $95 million in damages for alleged fraud, defamation, and emotional distress. The lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia and argued that the consent agreement signed by Moore was "obtained through fraud" and was therefore "void and inoperative." In October 2018, Showtime moved for a change of venue to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Despite the consent agreement specifying that any disputes be dealt with in a New York court, Moore's legal team opposed the change in venue, describing the move as "purely tactical, as they clearly perceive New York to a more favorable forum, where they will more than likely find a favorable left-leaning, pro-entertainment industry judge." Moore's legal team also contended that he had been "fraudulently induced" to appear on the show by two primary misrepresentations: Firstly, that Moore was under the impression that he was being flown to Washington D.C. to receive an award for his support of Israel; and, secondly, that he was told that the segment was being produced by an Israeli production company named Yerushalayim TV. In July 2021, Moore's lawsuit was dismissed by Southern District of New York Judge John Cronan, who wrote that "Moore's claims are barred by the unambiguous contractual language, which precludes the very causes of action he now brings." This decision was upheld in July 2022, with the appeals court writing in its unsigned summary order that "Baron Cohen may have implied (despite his in character disclaimers of any belief that Judge Moore was a pedophile) that he believed Judge Moore's accusers, but he did not imply the existence of any independent factual basis for that belief besides the obviously farcical pedophile detecting 'device,' which no reasonable person could believe to be an actual, functioning piece of technology." Responding to the judgement, Moore told the Associated Press that Baron Cohen's "pusillanimous and fraudulent conduct must be stopped," and that he will be making a further appeal.

Paragraph 6: Beulah Park was owned in part or whole from 1923 to May 1983, sixty years, by the Robert Dienst Family.  Robert J. Dienst owned and operated the track until his death on August 19, 1959. Robert J. Dienst was most famous for the 1956 and 1957 American Champion Sprint Horse, Decathlon. Robert J. was a bit of a showboat and made gambling fun to the public. After his death, his son, Robert Y. Dienst who was conservative, took over and rebuilt the track, especially the backside when a fire broke out circa 1959. He poured the profits right back into the track, making it a showplace, not just for the general public but for the horsemen. Around 1959, an all wood barn with 40 horses perished in a night time blaze. Because of this, Robert Y. Dienst built almost all concrete block with tin roof barns from then on—having a full-time construction crew just for that purpose.  Horsemen and Horsewomen appreciated the care that was taken towards their horses.  Robert Y. was a true horseman and loved the sport just for the sport's sake. He had a small stable, River Divide Farm, of about a dozen horses that he raced with the guidance of Trainer & Starter Don Rose up until his death on Nov. 7, 1996 (when Robert Y. was hours shy of his 80th birthday).  Robert Y. Dienst's son, "Bob M." Dienst, left working at Beulah in the Spring of 1981 because of a management style disagreement with the then general manager, Mr. Houser (this was during 1981). Bob M. Dienst now resides in Albuquerque, New Mexico doing real estate. Robert Y. Dienst's son-in-law, Thomas E. Heinl worked in charge of Parimutuels (from 1975 to 1986) -- computerizing the Totalization equipment, the first to do so in the eastern part of the United States.  Tom Heinl revolutionized the way parimutuel tickets are sold even today.

Paragraph 7: Cabrera was signed by the Baltimore Orioles as an amateur free agent in . He did not become a player in the Orioles minor league system until , at the age of 19. For his first two seasons as a minor leaguer, Cabrera played in the rookie leagues; first with the Gulf Coast League Orioles, then with the Bluefield Orioles of the Appalachian League. In his first minor league season with GCL, Cabrera went 2–3 with a 5.49 ERA in 12 games (seven starts). With Bluefield, he posted a 5–2 record and a 3.28 ERA in 12 starts. When he was 22, Cabrera became a part of the Single-A Delmarva Shorebirds, where he finished 5–9 with a 4.24 ERA in 26 starts. By the end of his third season in the minors, Cabrera was racking up the numbers one would expect from a power pitcher. He recorded 105 strikeouts over 101 innings of work in the rookie leagues between  and , and added 120 strikeouts over 125.1 innings in Single-A Delmarva the following season. He was promoted to the Double-A Bowie Baysox before the  season. While at Bowie, Cabrera began dominating; through five starts, he posted a 2.63 ERA and averaged over 11 strikeouts per nine innings.

Paragraph 8: The highest attested date for Khendjer's reign is the fourth month of the season of the Inundation), day 15 in his fifth regnal year. Kim Ryholt notes that two dated control notes on stone blocks from his unfinished pyramid complex give him a minimum reign of 3 or 4 years 3 months and 5 days. The aforementioned control notes are dated to Year 1 I Akhet day 10 and Year 5 IV Akhet day 15 of his reign. In these control notes, the names of three officials involved in building the pyramid are also identified. They are the chamberlain of the palace, Senebtyfy, the chamberlain Ameny and the chamberlain, Shebenu. The latter is also attested by other sources.

Paragraph 9: Biskra has a subtropical hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh) typical of the region in which it is found. The city has long and extremely hot summers and short, pleasantly warm winters. In summer, the peaks of heat are among the highest in the country with temperatures that can exceed  and are similar to cities like Luxor or Phoenix. The average peak July temperature, which is the hottest month, is about . On average, the city experiences more than 92 days a year where the temperature is equal to or exceeds  and nearly 20 days above . In comparison, New York City has had a total of 59 days when the temperature was equivalent to or above  since 1870. Temperatures generally begin to approach or even exceed  by April. Biskra is one of the hottest cities in the country when it comes to daytime temperatures. Indeed, this one is often higher than (27 °C) during the hottest months. The highest minimum temperature recorded in Biskra was  on 4 July 1993, making it the hottest night ever recorded in the city. On 14 July 1910, the temperature reached  which is the record of heat in Biskra.

Paragraph 10: Cottonmouth is a snake-themed super villain, mainly associated with the Serpent Society. He first appeared in Captain America #310 (Oct. 1985), created by writer Mark Gruenwald and artist Paul Neary. Burchell Clemens was artificially enhanced and given the ability to extend his jaw to over a foot and bite through solid materials such as concrete. He first showed up as part of the Serpent Society, often teaming up with Society member Asp. The team came into conflict with Captain America during a paid hit on MODOK After being arrested Society leader Sidewinder freed Cottonmouth and others from custody. When Viper took control of the Serpent Society Cottonmouth was one of the members who opposed her, siding with Captain America to take Viper down. Cottonmouth remained a member when the Serpent Society was reorganized as Serpent Solutions.

Paragraph 11: Jahāngir is a draughtsman, or perhaps an architect. Royā is normally a housewife, but has recently started to attend a course on writing film scripts, an undertaking that has been actively encouraged by Jahāngir. Taghvā'i introduces his viewers  to Royā'''s penchant for story telling through a scene in which she tells a bedtime story for Shangul and Magul, the story being in reality a popular Persian children's story which is very reminiscent of The Wolf and the Seven Young Kids. This scene also reveals the two children as being both imaginative and highly theatrical. The names Shangul and Magul are the names of two baby goats in the same story; there is no hint in the film however that Shangul and Magul might be the pet names of the children, as opposed to their real names.Jahāngir is working on a project that he apparently has initially introduced to Royā as being a villa on an island, but that Royā has later discovered that it is a prison compound on the island. Following an intense argument between Jahāngir and Royā, Jahāngir reveals that he himself is deeply unhappy about his project, as his colleagues have nicknamed the prison compound as Jahāngir's Villa. An apparently innocuous argument between Jahāngir and Royā, married already for twelve years, thus leads to an intense and emotional flow of exchanges revolving around the subject matter of how well even closest individuals know each other and the reason why Jahāngir reacts nervously to Royās curiosity regarding his  past. The deliberately ambiguous circumstance in which the intense discussion between Royā and Jahāngir takes place, greatly enhances the power of the words exchanged between the two characters. On the one hand, one is given the impression that Royā is curious because she is preparing her first film script for her class and that she must be using her husband's character in her story. On the other hand, while Jahāngir appears to be disconcerted, one cannot escape the suspicion that he may in fact be a willing participant in the creation of the script that Royā is in the process of creating. Jahāngir never fails to ease the tension by using his dark humour when the going gets tough. It has been speculated that what one is witnessing is the film, or at least a rehearsal of it, is actually based on the script written by Royā, with all the members of the family playing their allotted roles.One finds a posteriori justification for one's suspicions when in the later parts of the film one hears Jahāngir talking about his previous agreements with Royā in regard to the script to be written by her. Furthermore, attending carefully to the conversations taking place between Jahāngir and Royā throughout the film, one will not fail to recognise parts of these conversations in the draft texts of the final script written by Royā.

Paragraph 12: "From the Point, on the West of the Town, at which the River Kelvin joins the River Clyde, up the River Kelvin to a Point which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the River Kelvin) above the Point at which the same is met by the Park Wall which comes down thereto from Woodside Road; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Great Canal which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the Great Canal) below Derry Bridge; thence along the Great Canal and the Cut of Junction to the Bridge over the Cut of Junction on the Stirling Road; thence, Eastward, along the Low Garngad Road to a Point which is distant One hundred and fifty Yards (measured along the Low Garngad Road) to the East of the Bridge over the Grimston Burn; thence in a straight Line to a Point on the Road to Edinburgh by Airdrie which is distant One hundred Yards (measured along the said Road to Edinburgh) to the East of the Point at which the same is joined by the Road to Edinburgh through the Village of Westmuir; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the River Clyde is joined by Harvie's Dyke; thence down the River Clyde to the Point at which the same is joined by the Polmadie Burn; thence up the Polmadie Burn to the Point at which the same is joined by the Little Govan Burn; thence up the Little Govan Burn to the Point at which the same is divided into Two Branches in coming down from Govan Hill; thence in a straight Line to the Eastern Extremity of the Butterbiggins Road; thence along the Butterbiggins Road, and in a Line in continuation of the Direction thereof, to the Kinninghouse Burn; thence in a straight Line to the Sheils Bridge over the Paisley and Androssan Canal; thence in a straight Line to the Point at which the River Clyde is joined by the Plantation Burn; thence down the River Clyde to the Point first described."

Paragraph 13: Goldsmiths in England had been craftsmen, bullion merchants, money changers, and money lenders since the 16th century. But they were not the first to act as financial intermediaries; in the early 17th century, the scriveners were the first to keep deposits for the express purpose of relending them. Merchants and traders had amassed huge hoards of gold and entrusted their wealth to the Royal Mint for storage. In 1640 King Charles I seized the private gold stored in the mint as a forced loan (which was to be paid back over time). Thereafter merchants preferred to store their gold with the goldsmiths of London, who possessed private vaults, and charged a fee for that service. In exchange for each deposit of precious metal, the goldsmiths issued receipts certifying the quantity and purity of the metal they held as a bailee (i.e., in trust). These receipts could not be assigned (only the original depositor could collect the stored goods). Gradually the goldsmiths took over the function of the scriveners of relending on behalf of a depositor and also developed modern banking practices; promissory notes were issued for money deposited which by custom and/or law was a loan to the goldsmith, i.e., the depositor expressly allowed the goldsmith to use the money for any purpose including advances to his customers. The goldsmith charged no fee, or even paid interest on these deposits. Since the promissory notes were payable on demand, and the advances (loans) to the goldsmith's customers were repayable over a longer time period, this was an early form of fractional reserve banking. The promissory notes developed into an assignable instrument, which could circulate as a safe and convenient form of money backed by the goldsmith's promise to pay. Hence goldsmiths could advance loans in the form of gold money, or in the form of promissory notes, or in the form of checking accounts. Gold deposits were relatively stable, often remaining with the goldsmith for years on end, so there was little risk of default so long as public trust in the goldsmith's integrity and financial soundness was maintained. Thus, the goldsmiths of London became the forerunners of British banking and prominent creators of new money based on credit.

Paragraph 14: Before WCKT signed on, NBC programming had been carried on Fort Lauderdale's WFTL-TV (channel 23, later known as WGBS-TV after it had been acquired by Storer Broadcasting), which also held a secondary affiliation with the DuMont Television Network. However, WFTL struggled because television sets were not required to have UHF tuning capability (the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) would later require such tuners to be included in sets manufactured from 1964 onward). It didn't help matters that much of the area, particularly Fort Lauderdale, got a fairly strong signal from WJNO-TV (channel 5, now WPTV) in West Palm Beach. When the Cox/Knight partnership won a construction permit and broadcast license to operate a station on VHF channel 7, NBC quickly agreed to move its affiliation to WCKT, since WCKR radio had been the longtime Miami affiliate of the NBC Blue Network (the forerunner to today's American Broadcasting Company (ABC)). Until WPST-TV (channel 10, now WPLG) signed on in August 1957, WCKT also shared ABC programming with WTVJ (channel 4), as part of an arrangement with the network to provide its programming throughout the market as television sets were not required to have UHF tuning capability at the time, preventing many in the area from receiving the market's original ABC affiliate, WITV (channel 17). Channel 23 became an independent station and eventually went dark, and later came back to the air in 1967 as WAJA-TV (it is now Univision flagship WLTV-DT).

Paragraph 15: In less than 10 years these papers were introduced in almost every European country and in several markets in the United States, Canada, South America, Australia, and Asia. There are, as of 2008, free newspapers in at least 58 countries. Market leader Metro distributes seven million copies daily, while other companies publish 14 million copies. These 22 million copies are read by at least 45 million people daily. Worldwide, there are now over 44 million free newspaper editions being distributed on an average day, up from 24 million in 2005. Europe has the vast majority of daily free papers at 28.5 million, with the Americas at 6.8 million and Asia/Pacific/Africa regions at 8.6 million.

Paragraph 16: NRL's previous vessel with a center well, , provided experience and some problems to avoid in the Mizar design. The two major problems with that installation were wave action in the well that damaged the bulkheads until reinforced and air pressure caused by wave action in the well that forced the deck doors off their tracks. The location of the  number two hatch straddling the ship's center section made a center well through even the double bottom feasible. A well  long and  wide with curved fore and aft ends to reduce wave pounding within was installed. The keel level opening was reduced to one of  long and  wide. A flush mounted, water tight hydraulic door of two parts, one fore and one aft, closed the well at the main deck level. Three  diameter cable sheaves installed in a carriage, within which towed devices would be contained for lowering and raising, and extending below the keel allowed towing of heavy equipment without exposure on open decks. The system had a capacity of 12 tons. Large "breather" ducts from the well relieved air pressure caused by wave action within when the doors were closed. All was enclosed by a housing allowing all weather protection for operators. Mizar went into the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard in late 1965 with the installation of the well being a priority.

Paragraph 17: In April 2009 Cessna announced that it would close the Bend, Oregon factory where the Cessna 400 was produced and move production to Independence, Kansas, with the composite construction moved to Mexico. The production line was restarted in October, 2009 in the Cessna Independence paint facility, at a rate of one aircraft per six months initially. This was to allow the new workers, plus the 30 employees transferred from Bend, to gain experience and also allow Cessna the opportunity to retail its unsold inventory of Cessna 350s and 400s. At that time the company anticipated moving the 350/400 production to a permanent facility by the end of 2009.

Paragraph 18: Haji's grandfather was Tash-Timur bin Cansı and his father was Gyyas-ed-Din (Гыяс-эд-Дин, Gıyaseddin). Tash-Timur minted coins in Crimea in 1394/95 (=A.H. 797), which might imply some degree of independence.  During one of Tamerlane's wars (1395?) Tash-Timur was driven from Crimea. His sons Gyyas-ed-Din and Devlet-Berdi fled to Lithuania. Haji was born in 1397, probably at Trakai.  The brothers supported Tokhtamysh against Edigu and in one of these battles Gyyas-ed-Din was killed. It is said that a servant of Gyyas-ed-Din hid Haji for six years.  After Edigu's death in 1419 Devlet-Berdi and his nephew Haji Giray established themselves in Crimea. In 1427 Devlet-Berdi captured Sarai, but was killed by ‘Borak’ (?Barak Khan)

Paragraph 19: After he graduates college in 2010, Devon takes a job as a photographer's assistant to support his music career. He lands a gig at Tucker McCall's label Resurrection Music producing with Noah Newman (Luke Kleintank). However, when Noah abandons him for another gig, Devon convinces Tucker to give him another chance which culminates with Tucker firing him. Fortunately, Tucker's estranged mother Katherine Chancellor (Jeanne Cooper) launches her own label and hires Devon to run it. When Katherine falls into a coma, it is revealed that Tucker is Devon's biological father. Devon rejects Tucker and Katherine as Yolanda (Debbi Morgan), now called Harmony, returns looking to make amends and explain her actions. Ana convinces Devon to forgive Yolanda, and try and connect with his new family. In 2012, Tucker and Harmony convince Devon to get another surgery to improve his hearing. Devon befriends Abby Newman (Marcy Rylan) who invests in his label as he produces for Angelina Veneziano (Diana DeGarmo). Devon offers her a record contract, but Angelina instead goes to California and Devon closes down his label and joins the marketing team at Jabot Cosmetics. In 2013, Tucker offers Devon a position at his record label but Devon turns it down because it would keep him away from his family and Roxy is furious that Devon considered taking the position without consulting her. Katherine passes away and Devon is shocked when he inherits the bulk of her billion dollar estate. Devon offers a million-dollar reward for Cordelia Abbott's killer and even funds a charity in her name. However, Devon's paranoia about his new found wealth leads to Roxy leaving him. Devon befriends Mason Wilder (Lamon Archey) and the reformed bad girl Hilary Curtis (Mishael Morgan) who tips him off about Mason stealing his identity after Devon gets arrested for destroying a hotel room in Las Vegas. Devon also defends Hilary against Lily's attacks.

Paragraph 20: In a BBC 6 Music radio interview on 18 February 2005, Collins said he felt unwell, but ascribed the nausea and vertigo to food poisoning. Two days later, he was admitted to intensive care in London's Royal Free Hospital after apparently suffering a major cerebral haemorrhage. After suffering a second haemorrhage he had an operation on 25 February 2005, which was followed by a lengthy programme of neurological rehabilitation owing to right-sided weakness and difficulty with speech. The aphasia he suffered allowed him to repeat only four phrases, over and over again: "yes", "no", "Grace Maxwell" (his wife's name) and "the possibilities are endless".

Paragraph 21: In 1870-72 John Marius Wilson's Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales described Winston as:A parish, with W. village and Newsham hamlet, in Teesdale district, Durham; on the river Tees, and on the Barnard-Castle and South Durham railway, 6 miles E of Barnard-Castle. It has a post-office under Darlington, a r. station, and a one-arched bridge of 111 feet in span built in 1764. Acres, 2,961. Real property, £3,290. Pop., 342. Houses, 60. The property is subdivided. The living is a rectory in the diocese of Durham. Value, £534.* Patron, the Bishop of D. The church was rebuilt in 1849. There is a parochial school. Bishop Burgess was a resident.Winston had a railway station that was first opened in 1856 as part of the Darlington and Barnard Castle Railway, it closed to passengers in 1964 and to freight in 1965 as part of the Beeching cuts, the station building was demolished in 2002, however the goods shed and station master's house still stand.

Paragraph 22: Around the late 1990s several cyberfeminist artists and theorists gained a measure of recognition for their works, including the above-mentioned VNS Matrix and their Cyberfeminist Manifesto for the 21st century, and Faith Wilding and Critical Art Ensemble. Some of the better-known examples of cyberfeminist work include Auriea Harvey's work, Sandy Stone, Nancy Paterson, Linda Dement's Cyberflesh Girlmonster a hypertext CD-ROM that incorporates images of women's body parts and remixes them to create new monstrous yet beautiful shapes; Melinda Rackham's Carrier, a work of web-based multimedia art that explores the relationship between humans and infectious agents; Prema Murthy's 1998 work Bindigirl, a satirical Asian porn website that examines the intersection of racialized gender, sexuality, and religion online; Murthy's 2000 project Mythic Hybrid, based on reports of mass hysteria among microchip factory workers in India; Shu Lea Cheang's 1998 work Brandon, which was the first Internet based artwork to be commissioned and collected by the Guggenheim. A later work of Cheang's, I.K.U. (2001), is a sci-fi pornographic film that imagines a cybersexual post-Blade Runner universe, where sexual encounters with feminine, shapeshifting "replicants" are distilled and collected for resale, and ultimately reuse. I.K.U. was the first pornographic film to screen at Sundance. Dr. Caitlin Fisher's online hypertext novella "These Waves of Girls" is set in three time periods of the protagonist exploring polymorphous perversity enacted in her queer identity through memory. The story is written as a reflection diary of the interconnected memories of childhood, adolescence, and adulthood. It consists of an associated multi-modal collection of nodes includes linked text, still and moving images, manipulable images, animations, and sound clips. Recent artworks of note include Evelin Stermitz's World of Female Avatars in which the artist has collected quotes and images from women over the world and displayed them in an interactive browser based format, and Regina Pinto's Many Faces of Eve. Orphan Drift (1994-2003) were a 4.5 person collective experimenting with writing, art, music and the internet's potential "treating information as matter and the image as a unit of contagion."

Paragraph 23: Captain Zembsch, the Imperial German Consul who had acquired a good reputation with the Samoans as someone willing to advocate for them even against his fellow countrymen running the plantations, was recalled in 1883.  His replacement, Stuebel, was more directly loyal to the German Firm.  Stuebel increased pressure on Laupepa, complaining of routine theft of food from the plantations, and demanding the right to imprison Samoans caught stealing in German-operated private jails.  Laupepa eventually conceded to Stuebel's demands, but quietly contacted the British seeking aid  to foil the new German demands.  The Germans quickly got wind of this and soured on Laupepa; rumors of a German annexation flew through Samoa in 1885.  The Germans attempted to convince vice-king Tamasese to act against Laupepa and provided him with arms; Tamasese declared his kingship at Leulumoega in Aʻana in January 1885, but did not immediately act against Laupepa, however.  In late 1885, the Germans forced Laupepa out of his home, raised the German flag at Mulinu'u, and built a fort there.  The Americans weakly supported Laupepa, but counseled patience and largely waited on replies from their distant home governments.  The British were largely passive, and weakly favored the German position to the extent they opined at all.  A new wild card entered the fray in January 1887: the prime minister of the Kingdom of Hawaii, the adventurer Walter M. Gibson, had deployed a "homemade battleship" Kaimiloa on a friendship tour across the South Pacific looking for an alliance against colonial powers.  The Hawaiian embassy was greeted warmly and a treaty of confederation signed with Tamasese, much to Germany's displeasure.  However, after German threats, the Hawaiians sailed away.  Gibson would be overthrown and jailed during the Hawaiian rebellion of 1887, removing the Hawaiians as a concern.  The Germans brought in the engineer and artillerist  to strengthen their fortifications in Mulinu'u and drill troops in early 1887.  By August 1887, Samoa was virtually in the possession of Germany.  Both Tamasese and Laupepa were largely powerless to stop this.

Paragraph 24: One of the riskiest methods that can be used for treatments is the use of copper oxide wire particles (COWP) to aid in the destruction of the parasites inside the gut without the use of chemicals. However, in sheep, the dosing would need to be monitored extremely closely because if they are administered too high of a dose, then they will slip into copper toxicity. For the COWP, the lowest recommended dose would need to be administered to remain safe for sheep. The study conducted found that treatment with the COWP reduced faecal egg counts by >85%. Treatment with the copper oxide wire particles could lead to less reliance on anthelmintics because the COWP allows for the reduction in establishment of parasitic infections, especially if the producer is trying to reduce the larval population on their pastures.

Paragraph 25: Stage four was anticipated to be the first test among the GC riders to see who was in the best form being as the stage finished with a climb. In the same region that Luis Ocaña had his famous solo breakaway in 1971. The breakaway of six riders formed and took the majority of the intermediate sprint and mountains points with one of the riders, Tiesj Benoot crashing and actually splitting his seatpost in two. Benoot avoided serious injury and continued the race as the breakaway eventually fragmented with the final escapee in Krists Neilands being caught as the final climb began. Wout van Aert and Sepp Kuss set the pacemaking late in the stage shaking off everyone but the group of favorites. Kuss drove a dominant pace all the way up the climb when with 500 meters to go Guillaume Martin attacked and Kuss peeled off as his teammate Roglič and the rest of the favorites pursued. Roglič won the stage definitively with Tadej Pogačar coming in 2nd, Martin finishing 3rd, Nairo Quintana in 4th and Alaphilippe finishing 5th retaining the yellow jersey. Other favorites in Defending champ Egan Bernal, Dumoulin, Lopez, Mikel Landa and 2nd place overall Adam Yates also came across in good order. Stage five was a flat stage in which several breakaways were attempted, but none actually succeeded. Cosnefroy grabbed the two points to stay in the polka dot jersey while Sam Bennett took the intermediate sprint points and finished 3rd at the finish line, behind Cees Bol and stage winner Wout van Aert, to claim the green jersey from Sagan. The yellow jersey also switched riders as race leader Julian Alaphilippe accepted food inside 20 km to go, which is a penalty for safety reasons, and was docked twenty seconds. As a result, Yates took over the maillot jaune, although he was less than pleased to learn that he was being awarded it in this manner as he stated, "Nobody wants to take the jersey like this. I was on the bus and we were about to leave for the hotel when I got the call…. tomorrow I'll give it everything to defend the jersey…" This was the second time being involved in a controversial swapping of the yellow jersey for Yates as during the 2016 edition when Chris Froome ended up running up Mont Ventoux Yates finished the stage and was temporarily officially in yellow by a few seconds over Froome, until after the stage was over and the Jury decided to give Froome the same time as Bauke Mollema who had also been involved in the incident, which allowed Froome to keep his lead.

Paragraph 26: In the lengthy first two chapters of the work, Xenophon argues that Socrates was innocent of the formal charges against him: failure to recognize the gods of Athens, introduction of new gods, and corruption of the youth.  In addition to arguing that Socrates was most pious, and, as the most self-controlled of men, the least likely to corrupt the youth, Xenophon deals with informal political accusations not directly addressed in the Apology of Plato (or Xenophon's own Apology).  Xenophon defends Socrates against the charge that he led the youth of Athens to despise democracy as a regime, and defends Socrates' association with Critias, the worst of the Thirty Tyrants who briefly ruled Athens in 404-403, and Alcibiades, the brilliant renegade democratic politician and general.  It has often been argued that Xenophon is here responding not to charges in the air at time of the trial of Socrates in 399 BC, but to charges made some years later by the Athenian sophist Polycrates in his Accusation of Socrates.  But Polycrates' work is lost, and our sources for reconstructing it are late and unreliable. The assumption that Xenophon was responding to Polycrates point by point may be driven as much by the traditionally low esteem for Xenophon's literary powers as to any historical influence from Polycrates. The role of Polycrates is one item in the debate over whether Xenophon's treatment of Socrates reflects the historical Socrates, or is a largely fictional contribution to the literary debate about Socrates. This debate is in turn an important element in our understanding the trial of Socrates, and in particular to the debate over whether the religious terms of the official accusation against Socrates (impiety) were a cover for political animosity against him.

Paragraph 27: Older adults are scared of losing their independence more than they fear death. Promoting independence in self-care can provide older adults with the capability to maintain independence longer and can leave them with a sense of achievement when they complete a task unaided. Older adults that require assistance with activities of daily living are at a greater risk of losing their independence with self-care tasks as dependent personal behaviours are often met with reinforcement from caregivers. It is important for caregivers to ensure that measures are put into place to preserve and promote function rather than contribute to a decline in status of an older adult that has physical limitations. Caregivers need to be conscious of actions and behaviors that cause older adults to become dependent on them and need to allow older patients to maintain as much independence as possible. Providing information to the older patient on why it is important to perform self-care may allow them to see the benefit in performing self-care independently. If the older adult is able to complete self-care activities on their own, or even if they need supervision, encourage them in their efforts as maintaining independence can provide them with a sense of accomplishment and the ability to maintain independence longer.

Paragraph 28: Maren Hontvet identified Louis Wagner, a German-born fisherman who had once worked on her husband's fishing boat and been a boarder in their home, as the killer. There was much evidence against him: in addition to Maren's eyewitness identification, Wagner's boots matched the bloody boot prints found on Smuttynose Island and a bloody shirt was found hidden in the outhouse of his Portsmouth boarding house the morning after the murders. His landlady, Mrs. Johnson, and her daughter both testified they had seen Wagner carrying a bundle to the outhouse, and Mrs. Johnson identified the bloody shirt as one she had often laundered and pressed for Wagner. Mrs. Johnson also testified that another man had spent the night on the boarding house's downstairs sofa where Wagner claimed to have slept that night and that she had seen Wagner arrive home at about 7 a.m., wet and disheveled. Wagner purchased new clothing later that day with the same amount of cash ($15) stolen from the Hontvet house, although he had been too broke to pay his rent the day before. Among coins found in his pocket when he was arrested the day after the murders was a button which Maren testified she had given Karen from her sewing-box and seen Karen place in her coin purse. John Hontvet, his brother Matthew and Anethe's husband, Even, all stated that they had seen Wagner in Portsmouth the afternoon before the murders and he had asked three times if they would be returning home to Smuttynose Island that night or if the women would be alone, and that Wagner had agreed to come help them set traps on John's fishing boat that evening but never arrived. Wagner was unable to name the fishing boat or even the location of the pier where he claimed he had been working instead, nor the name or location of the saloon he said he went to afterward. Witnesses testified they had seen him rowing a wooden dory several hours after the murders, and a stolen dory that was found on shore near where he had been seen had its newly-replaced thole pins worn down, as if it had been rowed for hours. 

Paragraph 29: Werner Boy (; 4 May 1879 − 6 September 1914) was a German mathematician. He was the discoverer and eponym of Boy's surface—a three-dimensional projection of the real projective plane without singularities, the first of its kind. He discovered it in 1901 after his thesis adviser, David Hilbert, asked him to prove that it was not possible to immerse the real projective plane in three-dimensional space. Boy sketched several models of the surface, and discovered that it could have 3-fold rotational symmetry, but was unable to find a parametric model for the surface. It was not until 1978 that Bernard Morin found the first parametrisation, with the aid of computers.

Paragraph 30: "The Furubotn purge" (Furubotn-oppgjøret) is the term that has been applied to the turbulent split of the Norwegian Communist party in 1949. Strand Johansen, who was the main organizer of NKP's election campaign in 1949, was central also in the internal conflict that ensued and headed the faction that opposed Peder Furubotn – the "Løvlien faction" as it was named after party chairman Emil Løvlien. In the book Fiendebilde Wollweber (Enemy picture Wollweber) by Norwegian historian Lars Borgersrud, Strand Johansen is portrayed as a vitriolic opponent of the Furubotn faction. The conflict climaxed on 26 October 1949, when Strand Johansen together with five or more people showed up in the party offices in Klingenberggata 4 and kicked out Furubotn's supporters. The purge began six days prior when he had initiated the move against Furubotn at a meeting of trustees of the Oslo party, levelling  against the supporters of Peder Furubotn fierce accusations of factionalism and of having set up an illegitimate party leadership – "the second center". In the following days the attacks continued during other party meetings, and on 25 October the central board decided to investigate the accusations and present them to the leadership of Cominform. In the meantime all individuals that had been accused by Strand Johansen would resign from their positions and a new central board was to be constituted. After the removal of Furubotn's people on 26 October, assisted by among others Asbjørn Sunde and Ragnar "Pelle" Sollie, Strand Johansen saw to it that Furubotn was excluded by the newly constituted central board which contained no supporters of Furubotn. Both during this commotion and during the next parliamentary campaign in 1953 witnesses described Johansen as mentally disturbed, initially as a natural reaction of disappointment at the obliteration of the communist representation in the parliament. In 1953 it was even suggested that Johansen should be sent off, either to the countryside or «exported» to the USSR. Asbjørn Sunde even suggested that Johansen be assassinated but received no support for such a drastic measure. Hans I. Kleven who himself was excluded from the party in the purge but was later invited back and went on to become its leader in the 1980s, has characterized Strand Johansen as a "sick, yes, a hysterical person," attributing these traits to the concentration camp period.