Paragraph 1: Socompa is a  high composite volcano consisting of a central cone and several lava domes; it is the most voluminous conical volcano of the Central Volcanic Zone and one of the highest edifices there, rising more than  above the surrounding terrain. Several dacitic lava flows form the summit area of the volcano, the youngest of which originates in a summit dome. This summit dome is capped off by a summit crater at an altitude of , and four additional craters occur northeast of the summit at altitudes of . Northwest of the summit, a dacitic lava dome is the source of a  high talus slope.  The summit area is surrounded by an inwards-dropping scarp that opens to the northwest and whose southern margin is buried by lava flows. Pyroclastic flows crop out beneath lava flows in the northwestern segment of the volcano, within the scarp. On the southern and eastern side the scarp is  long and  high, while the southern side is about  long. A large wedge-shaped scar is recognizable on the northwestern flank, delimited by prominent scarps running through the western and northern flanks of the edifice. The existence of a lake in the summit area within the scarps at elevations of  has been reported.

Paragraph 2: The same day, Claire, a woman from a very wealthy southern family who lives on the Upper East Side, hosts a gathering for a group of mothers who have lost children in the Vietnam war. On the way to Claire's apartment, one of the women saw the tightrope walker and was shaken due to the fact that it reminded her of her son, expressing the belief that it was her son coming back to see her. Claire is greatly upset by this but cannot figure out why, eventually realizing that she resents the idea that someone would be so flippant about their own personal safety, showing so little disregard for their life when their sons were forced to give up their own without a choice. She tells the group the story of how she learned her son, Joshua, had been killed; Joshua had been drafted into Vietnam and worked as a computer programmer, writing code that would allow the computers to automatically tally American casualties. Unlike most of the other women's children, Joshua was not in active combat, but instead died when a grenade was detonated at the coffee shop he was inside. She reveals that she didn't know how to react to the officer who came to inform them of their son's death and instead just smiled and thanked him, unable to do anything else. After telling the story, she realizes that there is nothing they can do but rely on each other to heal, and decides to let go of her anger towards the tightrope walking man and instead focus on the memory of her son. As the women leave Claire's apartment, Claire pleads with Gloria - a black woman who is Claire's favorite of the group - to stay; Gloria considers staying, but decides to leave, as "we didn’t go freedom-riding years ago to clean apartments on Park Avenue". Before she departs, Claire tells Gloria that she would be happy to pay her, startling both women and causing Gloria to leave the building hastily. However, she is robbed of her purse - containing photographs of her sons - on the way home, and hails a cab back to Claire's apartment, where Claire apologizes profusely for what she said despite Gloria insisting that it doesn't matter. After several hours of talking, Claire's husband, Solomon, a judge, returns home, and tells them that he had presided over the case of the man on the tightrope and charged him a dollar and ten cents - one penny per floor - as well as another performance. Claire then takes Gloria home in a taxi; when they reach their destination, they see two young children being led away by a social worker. Gloria tells the social worker that she knows them and ends up raising the children, who are revealed to be Jazzlyn's daughters, Janice and another girl, also named Jazzlyn.

Paragraph 3: 12 May 1796, an inn at Tavazzano. After his victory at the Battle of Lodi, Napoleon eats his meal, works on his plans and talks with the innkeeper Giuseppe Grandi. A lieutenant arrives with bad news. The dispatches he was carrying have been stolen by a youth who tricked him out of them. Napoleon says he will be arrested for dereliction of duty. The lieutenant says he can hear the voice of the youth who tricked him. A woman appears. She says that the dispatches were stolen by her brother. Napoleon is unconvinced. He orders the lieutenant out and tells the woman to hand over the dispatches. A battle of wits ensues between Napoleon and the woman, but she eventually concedes and hands over the documents. However she says he should not read one of the documents. It is a letter claiming that Napoleon's wife Josephine has been having an affair with Paul Barras. If he is known to have read the letter it will cause a duel. Napoleon, concerned about a public scandal, decides to pretend that the dispatches are still missing. He calls the lieutenant back, and tells him to go and find the missing documents or be court martialed. To save the lieutenant from disgrace, the lady leaves and switches to her male disguise. As soon as she reappears the lieutenant recognises the "brother" who robbed him. Pretending to have magical powers, she finds the dispatches in Napoleon's coat. Napoleon says he's been outwitted by an Englishwoman, and makes a series of comments about the English ability to constantly have things both ways ("As the great champion of freedom and national independence, he conquers and annexes half the world, and calls it Colonization"). He gives the woman the letter unopened; she burns it.

Paragraph 4: Sir William Bolland (1772–1840), lawyer and bibliophile, the eldest son of James Bolland, of Southwark, was educated at Reading School under Dr. Richard Valpy, and admitted a pensioner at Trinity College, Cambridge on 26 September 1789, at the age of seventeen. During his school days he wrote several prologues and epilogues for the annual dramatic performances in which the scholars took part, and for which Dr. Valpy's pupils were famous. At Cambridge he took his degree of BA in 1794, and MA in 1797. For three successive years (1797, 1798, and 1799) he won the Seatonian Prize by his poems on the respective subjects of miracles, the Epiphany, and St. Paul at Athens, which were printed separately, and also included in the "Seatonian Prize Poems" (1808), ii. 2133-97. On leaving Cambridge he determined upon adopting law as his profession, and was called to the bar at the Middle Temple on 24 April 1801. Bolland practised at the Old Bailey with great success; he was thoroughly conversant with commercial law, and soon became one of the four city pleaders. From April 1817 until he was raised to the bench he was recorder of Reading. He was a candidate for the common serjeantcy of the city of London in 1822, but in those days of heated political excitement was defeated by the Lord Denman. In November 1829 he was created a Baron of the Exchequer, and held that appointment until January 1839, when he resigned on account of failing health. On 14 May 1840 he died at Hyde Park Terrace, London. Lady Bolland, whom he married on 1 August 1810, was his cousin Elizabeth, the third daughter of John Bolland, of Clapham. An anonymous satire, "The Campaign, to his Royal Highness the Duke of York, Britannia in the year 1800 to C. J. Fox." was written by Bolland in 1800, but not issued for sale, the author confining its publicity to his friends. Although he published but little, he was known for many years as an enthusiastic student of early English literature. Dibdin dwells with unction on the pleasures of the dinner-parties of Hortensius—the fancy name by which he designated Sir William Bolland—and extols the merits of his library. It was at a dinner-party in Bolland’s house on the Adelphi Terrace that the Roxburghe Club was originated, and its first publication was his gift. This was "Certain Bokes of Virgiles Aenæis turned into English meter. By the right honorable lorde, Henry, earle of Surrey." The books were the second and fourth, and the reprint, bearing the date of 1814, though the dedication was signed 17 June 1815, was taken from a copy of the original edition of 1557, which is preserved at Dulwich College. His collections were sold in the autumn after his death, his library of about three thousand articles producing about £3,000. The bust of Sir William Bolland has been a familiar object to all who have studied in the library of Trinity College, Cambridge. A portrait by James Lonsdale is in the National Portrait Gallery.

Paragraph 5: The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.

Paragraph 6: Production of the Manta continued well after the equivalent Ascona and Cavalier were replaced by a front-wheel-drive model "Ascona C". The Vauxhall Cavalier Mk1 Sports Hatch and Coupe did not continue past 1981, and there were no coupe versions in the MK2 Cavalier range. In 1982 the 1.8-litre Opel Family II engine from the Ascona C was fitted in the Manta B (replacing the CIH unit) making a more economical Manta B to drive. It could run 14 km per litre and use unleaded fuel. The 1.8 was very popular and was in production for 5 years (1982–1987). The 2.0S models where discontinued in 1984 and only the GSi was available with the "large" engine (GT/E in the UK). In 1986 Opel released the last Manta B model the Exclusive (1987 in the UK), giving it all of the best in equipment. Recaro seats with red cloth, grey leather like interior and the full bodypack known from the i200 models. This consisted of twin round headlights in a plastic cover, front spoiler and rear lower spoiler from Irmscher, sideskirts and the known 3 split rear spoiler of the Manta 400 (producing  of weight on the rear at 200 km/h). In the UK, the Exclusive GT/E models were available in colours such as Dolphin Grey with matching dark grey cloth seats with red piping. These also had the quad headlights, front spoiler but a rear bumper which housed the number plate, coupled with a black plastic strip between the rear light clusters. The rear spoiler was similar to the standard GT/E. Opel finally ceased the production of the Manta B in 1988, only producing the GSi version after 1986 (it was sold as the GT/E in the UK). Its successor, the Calibra - sold as a Vauxhall in Britain, and as an Opel everywhere else - was launched in 1989.

Paragraph 7: The annexation of Korea by Japan from 1905 to 1945 ushered in not only a harsh colonial period wherein the Japanese took over and dominated every aspect of Korea's sociopolitical, cultural and economic life, it created a demand for Koreans skilled in working alongside the Japanese as petty bureaucrats, minor officials, junior administrators, clerks and low-level public officials such as policemen, station masters, railroad engineers, and army officers. This fostered the need and creation of a skilled indigenous workforce trained and schooled in Japanese ways and methods. Although small in number, this elite group of Koreans represented the first generation of Korean yuhaksaeng(유학생), or overseas students, to be sent abroad for foreign study. From 1910 to 1945 these Koreans studied mostly in Japan's best high schools and universities, especially Tokyo Imperial University. While many overseas Korean students were forcibly conscripted into the Imperial Japanese Army to fight against the allies, many survived the war mostly by being able to evade routine roundups by the Japanese police, usually with the help of sympathetic Japanese teachers and mentors. After Korea's liberation from Japan on August 15, 1945, they immediately were called upon to form Korea's first provisional government in conjunction with a U.S.-administered trusteeship. As they represented the only class of Koreans who were capable of administering the newly formed Republic of Korea upon its establishment in 1948, they became the de facto inheritors of the Japanese colonial system and founders of the first sovereign Korean state in modern times. Among their ranks were a generation's worth of Japanese-trained and educated bureaucrats, administrators, technocrats, military and business leaders, e.g., Park Chung-hee, Lee Byung-chul, etc. In toto, these trailblazers who were educated in Japan during the colonial period, became the founding members of the Republic of Korea as well as movers and shakers in Korean politics and business all the way up till the late 1980s. Collectively, this generation is called the Japanese Generation.

Paragraph 8: Back in Melbourne, the couple formed Dave Graney with The White Buffaloes with Rod Hayward (ex-Little Murders) on guitar, Conway Savage (Boy Kings) on keyboards and Walsh (The Moodists) on bass guitar. Graney sported an Edwardian/Western image, wearing snakeskin and brown suede, sporting a curled moustache and waxed goatee. The band released "My Life on the Plains" in 1989 with Phil Vinall producing. Vinall, a friend of Graney and Moore, later worked with The Auteurs, Placebo and Magic Dirt (among others). The album included tracks written by other artists, such as Gene Clark, Fred Neil, Gram Parsons and the traditional "Streets of Laredo". In their live shows they included songs by Doug Sahm, Lou Reed, Buffy Sainte Marie and Tim Rose. The title was from an autobiographical tome by George Armstrong Custer in 1876, the year he died at Little Big Horn. The cover featured images of a young Jesse James, Custer and ornate Edwardian lettering by London artist Dave Western, based on a Frederic Remington cowboy painting. It reflected Graney's obsession with wild western myth and late 1960s psychedelic bands with similar tastes, The Charlatans and Quicksilver Messenger Service from San Francisco. No singles were released from the album, although a video was shot by Tony Mahony for "Robert Ford on the Stage". Savage left to join Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds and they were joined on pedal steel guitar by Graham Lee (The Triffids). This line-up recorded "Codine", a live in the studio four track extended play, which was issued late in the year. It was later added to the CD version of the "I Was The Hunter... and I Was The Prey" album. "Codine" was written by Buffy Sainte-Marie and had been performed by The Charlatans in swaggering space cowboy style while the Dave Graney with the White Buffaloes cover version was equally tough. The EP sleeve was another Dave Western illustration.

Paragraph 9: Arendt claims that her distinction between labor and work has been disregarded by philosophers throughout history even though it has been preserved in many European languages. Labor is human activity directed at meeting biological (and perhaps other) necessities for self-preservation and the reproduction of the species. Because these needs cannot be satisfied once and for all, labor never really reaches an end. Its fruits do not last long; they are quickly consumed, and more must always be produced. Labor is thus a cyclical, repeated process that carries with it a sense of futility. In the ancient world, Arendt asserts, labor was contemptible not because it was what slaves did; rather, slaves were contemptible because they performed labor, a futile but necessary activity. In the modern world, not just slaves, but everyone has come to be defined by their labor: We are job-holders, and we must perform our jobs to meet our needs. Marx registers this modern idea in his assertion that man is animal laborans, a species that sets itself apart from the animals not by its thinking, but by its labor. But Marx then contradicts himself in foreseeing a day when production allows the proletariat to throw off the shackles of their oppressors and be free from labor entirely. By Marx's own lights, this would mean they cease to be human. Arendt worries that if automation were to allow us to free ourselves from labor, freedom would be meaningless to us without the contrast with futile necessity that labor provides. Because we define ourselves as job-holders and have relegated everything outside of labor to the category of play and mere hobbies, our lives would become trivial to us without labor. Meanwhile, advances in production and the transformation of work into labor means that many things that were once to be lasting works are now mere disposable objects of consumption, "The solution...consists in treating all use objects as though they were consumer goods, so that a chair or a table is now consumed as rapidly as a dress and a dress used up almost as quickly as food."

Paragraph 10: Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave the movie 4 out of 5 stars and wrote, "On the whole, 'Chennai Express' has the trademark Rohit Shetty stamp all over. You seek entertainment, entertainment and entertainment in a film like 'Chennai Express' and the movie lives up to the hype and hoopla surrounding it." Rachit Gupta of Filmfare rated the movie 4 of 5 stars, stating, "The film's peppered with humorous set pieces and colourful locales and songs. Shetty makes chettinad-style masala movies. And that's the perfect description of this film. If you don't plan to engage in a multi-lateral critique of dramatic elements and narrative, this film can be fun." Sarita Tanwar Of DNA gave the movie 3.5 of 5 stars and said, "This is a treat for all Hindi film lovers. It has all the ingredients you'd expect from a big commercial masala filmbig star cast, drama, action, comedy, songs, the car chases and the big finish, all delivered in Shetty's unapologetic ishtyle ...  Overall, this is a bubblegum blockbuster." Meena Iyer of Times of India gave the movie 3.5 of 5 stars, saying, "Chennai Express is a magnificently mounted film. In an ode to his own cinemaread Golmaal series or Bol Bachchan, Rohit Shetty, the director, who has grosser in Bollywood's 100-crore club, ups the scale for his Eid offering." Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV gave the movie 3 of 5 stars and said that, "The whole-hearted zeal that SRK and Deepika bring to the table and the steady flow of funny one-liners serve Shetty's purpose well, turning Chennai Express into a full-on masala film that is completely unapologetic about its intentions. And that is its USP [Unique Selling Point]." Zee News rated the movie 3 of 5 stars, stating that if one ignores the platitudes, the absence of "punch" in the script and predictability, then the person is "on board for a fun ride" with Chennai Express. India Today gave the film 3 stars: "The good news first. 'Chennai Express' is a pleasant and likeable film in parts. The bad news is, it does nothing for Shah Rukh Khan's indomitable star power except to tell us he can still play a 40-year [old] Rahul without faltering." Abhishek Gupta of India TV gave it 2.5 stars and wrote, "The comedy along with the action is rarely served with equal entertainment in today's cinema. We discern Rohit Shetty for his mass leisure which includes cars fluttering from the unknown corners and comedy which isn't slapstick but works." Critic Baradwaj Rangan wrote, "Still, given the material, Shetty does more right than wrong...Shetty fashions a Shah Rukh Khan showreel, borrowing bits from his greatest hits, and gives us an unfettered avatar of the star that the star himself has seemed somewhat ashamed, of late, to embrace."

Paragraph 11: His first manager role was at Fiorentina in 2001, at only 36 years old, winning a Coppa Italia title. The following season, he took over as manager at Lazio, where he guided the club to another Coppa Italia title. In 2004, Mancini was offered the manager's job at Inter Milan, with which he won three consecutive Serie A titles, a club record; he was dismissed in 2008. After being out of football for over a year, Mancini was appointed Manchester City manager in December 2009. He helped City win the FA Cup in the 2010–11 season, the club's first major trophy in 35 years, and their first league title in 44 years in the 2011–12 season. Mancini took over managerial duties at Turkish club Galatasaray in September 2013, winning the Turkish Cup in his only season at the club, before returning to Inter Milan for two more years before managing Russian side Zenit. In 2018, he took charge of the Italy national team after Italy had failed to qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. In 2021, Mancini guided Italy to their second-ever European Championship at Euro 2020.  Under his management, Italy then failed to reach the World Cup for the second time in a row after a loss to North Macedonia.

Paragraph 12: During 2020 Belarusian protests in August after the election, several independent journalists were arrested in different cities of Belarus. According to the statement of the Belarusian association of journalists, on August 10 the internal troops and other government forces deliberately shot rubber bullets at the independent journalists in Minsk (including Tut.by and Nasha Niva), who wore special well-visible jackets and had personal IDs. Nasha Niva editor-in-chief (also wearing a jacket) disappeared during this night, but he managed to send SOS-SMS to his wife, meaning he's arrested. His fate was unknown as of 13:30 of local time, and Nasha Niva site didn't have any update for many hours after his presumable arrest. He was released on August 12. Several journalists, including foreigners, were slightly injured during the suppression of the protests. Rubber bullet hit plastic ID of Getty Images' photojournalist Michal Fridman. Several Russian journalists from both official media and Internet projects were arrested, but soon released. On August 11, it was reported that the policemen and other government agents forcibly took away memory cards from many journalists covering protests in Minsk and Hrodna, forced them to delete photos or sometimes crushed their cameras (including tut.by, Nasha Niva, Associated Press). Journalists of onliner.by web portal were arrested in Minsk, their camera was crushed, but they were released soon. Russian service of BBC reported that three of their journalists were beaten by the government forces and one of the accreditation ID was taken away, but the journalists were not arrested. Russian journalist Nikita Telizhenko was heavily beaten in Belarusian jail: he was arrested in Minsk and sent to Zhodzina because of overcrowding of jails in Minsk; in Zhodzina he was beaten on kidneys, legs and neck, but he was soon released at the request of the Russian embassy. On August 12, Belsat journalist Jauhien Merkis was arrested in Homiel while covering the protests. Despite the fact that he was there as a journalist, the next day the local court sentenced him to 15 days in jail for "participation in an unauthorized mass event". He was liberated soon, but on 21 August he was arrested again and was given 5 days in jail. Arrested Russian journalist Artyom Vazhenkov was reported to be accused of mass rioting (up to 15 years of prison in Belarus). Journalist of hrodna.life web portal Ruslan Kulevich from Hrodna, arrested on August 11, was released on August 14 with fractures of both hands. Belsat journalist Stanislau Ivashkevich, arrested on August 9 in Minsk while covering the election process, claimed that he was forced to go between the lines of some government troopers who beat everyone with heavy police batons. Belsat journalists Dzmitry Kazakevich and Vyachaslau Lazaraŭ, and independent journalist Ihar Matsveeŭ were arrested in Viciebsk on August 9 while covering the protests. Kazakevich was sentenced to 10 days in jail; Lazaraŭ (operator) was released in 8 hours, but all the videos he made were deleted; Matsveeŭ awaited trial as of August 12. Radio Liberty (Svaboda) journalist Vital' Cyhankoŭ (be) was arrested with his wife in Minsk on August 12; his wife claimed she was threatened with a pistol. Russian journalist of meduza.io Maksim Solopov was beaten and arrested in Minsk on August 9/10, his fate was unknown for nearly two days, but he was released at the request of the Russian embassy. Union of journalists of Russia condemned use of violence against journalists as unlawful. In Babruysk, journalist of "Babruyski kur'yer" Andrey Shobin was fined for "violation of procedure of holding mass events". In Brest, two journalists (Stanislaŭ Korshunaŭ of tut.by, Siarhei Nikrashevich of "Brestskaya Gazeta" newspaper) were arrested, another journalist (Yauhen Nikalayevich of media-polesye.by) was arrested in Pinsk.

Paragraph 13: The British built an airfield in Crécy to provide air support before the fall of France in 1940. During the Battle of France, the plan seems to have been to deploy RAF squadrons of Bristol Blenheim light bombers there, but it is not clear how intensively the airfield was used. In the confused days of mid-May 1940 one squadron that was ordered to deploy there did not due to the absence of any military protection. It is most notable for its occupation by the German Luftwaffe, with Gruppe Zerstörergeschwader 26 of Messerschmitt Bf 110s stationed there from May 1940 until November 1940 when, after the end of the Battle of Britain, the Gruppe was withdrawn to Germany to rest and re-equip. Several other squadrons came and went, including some Messerschmitt Bf 109s. The entrance to the airfield is still visible on the left of the D12 road from Crécy to Ligescourt, midway between the two. Some fortified installations are also visible, hidden beneath trees on various sides of the airfield.

Paragraph 14: A common theme of war films such as To Have and Have Not is the conversion narrative. An individual who originally does not want to be involved in the war effort eventually becomes converted through a changed attitude and accepts their duty as a citizen to participate in the war efforts. Along with Harry Morgan's transformation, the Humphrey Bogart persona changed along the years, making him an important casting decision for the film. Harry Morgan, the fisherman, represents the center of the story line of To Have and Have Not. According to Robin Wood, Harry Morgan represents, at the same time, the personality of Humphrey Bogart and the Hawksian hero. Harry Morgan, as a character, represents a myth the audience accepts as real such as the heroes of Homer. Morgan represents the heroic ideal. Morgan acts on his own interests, yet is not self-indulgent, minding his "own business". He does good, because of the responsibility he feels he has for his personal alliances. Morgan controls and establishes the morality of the film through the distinctness of what one does and what one is. Bogart's character establishes: one's personal identity is not determined by one's actions if they do not allow it to happen. In the film, Slim steals Johnson's wallet. Harry overlooks this to a point because he (Johnson) did not pay Morgan for his services as a boat captain. When they are both approached by Morgan, Slim shows no shame, indicating her morality was not affected by her actions. Johnson, however, shows shame and doesn't receive sympathy, because he reveals he is defined by his actions. Bogart's character is direct and blunt, yet makes an effort to not judge a person by their actions. Harry Morgan encompasses the qualities of the "Hawksian" hero due to his personal integrity, and at the same time could be described as a Hemingway code hero because of his courage and loyalty.

Paragraph 15: The Coyolxauhqui imperative is described by Anzaldúa in the context of the wounding that observing the events of 9/11 caused her. As she states in her article "Let Us Be the Healing Of the Wound," Anzaldúa witnessed the Twin Towers falling and statedEach violent image of the towers collapsing, transmitted live all over the world then repeated a thousand times on TV, sucked the breath out of me, each image etched on my mind's eye. Wounded I fell into shock, cold and clammy. The moment fragmented me, dissociating me from myself... Bodies on fire, bodies falling through the sky, bodies pummeled and crushed by stone and steel, los cuerpos trapped and suffocating became our bodies.Anzaldúa states that this event instilled susto into her, which suspended her "in limbo in that in-between space, nepantla." In this in-between space, Anzaldúa records:I wandered through my days on autopilot, feeling disconnected from the events of my life... Like la Llorona lost and alone, I was arrested in susto, helplessness, falling, sinking. Swamped with sadness, I mourned all the dead, counted our losses, reflected on the part our country played in the tragedy and how I was personally responsible. It was difficult to acknowledge, much less express, the depth of my feelings–instead me lo tragué.Following this suspension in susto, disassociation and depression, Anzaldúa states that there is a need to move through this trauma and the sorrow it creates "into another state of mind." Anzaldúa records that the byproducts of this trauma can manifest into "shadow beasts (desconocimientos): numbness, anger, and disillusionment" and states that "we always inherit the past problems of family, community, and nation." As a result, Anzaldúa records seeking out a renewed self:I stare up at the moon, Coyolxauhqui, and its light in the darkness. I seek a healing image, one that re-connected me to others. I seek the positive shadow that I've also inherited. With the imperative to 'speak' esta herida abierta (this open wound) before it drowns all voices, the feelings I'd buried begin unfurling. Vulnerable once more I'm clawed by the talons of grief.Anzaldúa states that from this wounded place it is difficult to speak from the open wound and make sense of the trauma in order to "pull the pieces of my life back together." Anzaldúa suggests that this can be done through spiritual activism, "I yearn to pass on to the next generation the spiritual activism I've inherited from my cultures. If I object to my government's act of war I cannot remain silent. To do so is to be complicitous. But sadly we are all accomplices." As an artist, Anzaldúa states that her responsibility isto bear witness to what haunts us, to step back and attempt to see the pattern in these events (personal and societal), and how we can repair el daño (the damage) by using the imagination and its visions. I believe in the transformative power and medicine of art. As I see it, this country's real battle is with its shadow–its racism, propensity for violence, rapacity for consuming, neglect of its responsibility to global communities and the environment, and unjust treatment of dissenters and the disenfranchised, especially people of color. As an artist, I feel compelled to expose this shadow side which the mainstream media and government denies. In order to understand our complicity and responsibility we must look at the shadow.Anzaldúa thus suggests that the process of re-membering the self is done through looking at the shadow the wound has created, both in the personal and national sense, since both are inherently connected. As an artist, she concludes that looking at the shadows of the wound is the pathway towards healing. In this example, although the event of witnessing 9/11 inflicted personal trauma on Anzaldúa, she acknowledges that the healing process from this trauma involves spiritual activism which extends beyond herself. The Coyolxauhqui process has therefore been referred to in simultaneously personal, communal, national, and global terms.

Paragraph 16: She was cast in the BBC children's television serial Grange Hill. She played schoolgirl Suzanne Ross for three years (1981–1984). At the age of 17, Tully secured a major role in the BBC's new soap opera EastEnders. She played Michelle Fowler from the show's inception in 1985 to 1995. During her time on the show, her character became pregnant at the age of 16 after having an affair with the 39-year-old adulterer Den Watts. In December 2016, EastEnders recast the role of Michelle Fowler to actress Jenna Russell after Tully repeatedly turned down offers to return. The show's executive producer at the time, Sean O'Connor, has said that Tully gave her blessing for the recast to take place.

Paragraph 17: Reviews ranged from positive to mixed. Giving three out of four bones, the VideoHound's Golden Movie Retriever highlighted the parodies in the film, and noted that "Parents will be [as] equally entertained [as children] by the level of humor and fast-paced action". Film critic Leonard Maltin gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying the film was "[e]pisodic," but praised the voice cast, songs and "funny business". TV Guide called the film a "firecracker", citing the film's many jokes. The book Videos for Kids: The Essential, Indispensable Parent's Guide to Children's Movies on Video praised the "tongue-in-cheek humor" and celebrity caricatures but issued warning to parents, stating that the film may not be appropriate for "children too young to identify satire" because the characters in the film "are rude and combative" and may not be positive role models. Videos for Kids still concluded that the film "should provide an enjoyable viewing experience for the whole family". Dennis Hunt of the Los Angeles Times said that the format of a direct-video film was "unusual", but that some parts of the film were "hilarious", especially the scenes which make fun of Walt Disney World. Since its release, How I Spent My Vacation has been rated as one of the "Top 20 (U.S.-Produced) Direct-to-Video Animated Films" by The Animated Movie Guide.

Paragraph 18: P. canadensis coexisted with ankylosaurids Anodontosaurus lambei and Edmontonia longiceps, the maniraptorans Atrociraptor marshalli, Epichirostenotes curriei, the troodontid Albertavenator curriei, the alvarezsaurid theropod Albertonykus borealis, the ornithomimids Dromiceiomimus brevitertius, Ornithomimus edmontonicus, and an unnamed species of Struthiomimus, the bone-head pachycephalosaurids Stegoceras, and Sphaerotholus edmontonensis, the ornithopod Parksosaurus warreni, the hadrosaurids Edmontosaurus regalis, Hypacrosaurus altispinus, and Saurolophus osborni, the ceratopsians Anchiceratops ornatus, Arrhinoceratops brachyops, Eotriceratops xerinsularis, Montanoceratops cerorhynchus, and the tyrannosaurids Albertosaurus sarcophagus and a possible species of Daspletosaurus, which were the apex predators of this paleoenvironment. Of these, the hadrosaurs dominated in terms of sheer number and made up half of all dinosaurs who lived in this region. Vertebrates present in the Horseshoe Canyon Formation at the time of Pachyrhinosaurus included reptiles, and amphibians. Sharks, rays, sturgeons, bowfins, gars and the gar-like Belonostomus made up the fish fauna. Reptiles such as turtles and crocodilians are rare in the Horseshoe Canyon Formation, and this was thought to reflect the relatively cool climate which prevailed at the time. A study by Quinney et al. (2013) however, showed that the decline in turtle diversity, which was previously attributed to climate, coincided instead with changes in soil drainage conditions, and was limited by aridity, landscape instability, and migratory barriers. The saltwater plesiosaur Leurospondylus was present and freshwater environments were populated by turtles, Champsosaurus, and crocodilians like Leidyosuchus and Stangerochampsa. Evidence has shown that multituberculates and the early marsupial Didelphodon coyi were present. Vertebrate trace fossils from this region included the tracks of theropods, ceratopsians and ornithopods, which provide evidence that these animals were also present. Non-vertebrates in this ecosystem included both marine and terrestrial invertebrates.

Paragraph 19: Liz Wyatt of CBR.com referred to Lockjaw as one of Marvel's "fan favorite animal companions," stating, "Lockjaw is perhaps the cutest Inhuman out there...though we might be biased on that count. Lockjaw is not only extremely adorable, loyal, and okay...he's massive as well, but he's also very useful. You see, Lockjaw can teleport almost as well as he can drool. Which is saying something! Lockjaw is a massive bulldog, and an Inhuman to boot. He's made friends and allies with more than one Marvel character, and we're not surprised by that fact. This is one dog who has plenty of room for love in his heart. And that is why we love him so much." Chase Magnett of Comicbook.com called Lockjaw "one of the longest-lasting and most beloved super pets in existence," writing, "The bottom line with Lockjaw is that he's a very good dog. One of the best. If there were a We Rate Dogs Twitter in the Marvel universe, it would almost certainly give Lockjaw a 15/10. As a character, he reminds us of everything we love about our canine companions with an extra dose of superheroic powers and adventure on top. Lockjaw is loyal and loving, filled with fun, and there whenever his people need him. Whether you have a dog in your home or prefer to admire them from afar, the appeal of the species is obvious when looking at this big, jowled face. He's just such a good dog." CA Staff of ComicsAlliance asserted, "It's hard to imagine anyone not loving Lockjaw. He's a huge puppy dog who teleports you to where you need to go! He's so smart that for a while the story was that he wasn't a dog at all — but thankfully that was retconned, because Lockjaw is the best dog, and not letting him be one kind of ruins him. He's loyal to the Inhuman Royal Family — he even has a tuning fork on his head to match his master — but he's also spent time with the Thing and Ms. Marvel, two of Marvel's best characters. who are made even better with Lockjaw around. He may not star in many stories of his own, but if you could magically wish one comics character to life and hang out with them, Lockjaw would be an excellent choice." Simon Winter of WhatCulture said, "Despite being a dog, Lockjaw is by far the best member of the Inhumans. As 'Companion to the Royal Family of the Inhumans', Lockjaw plays an important part in keeping New Attilan safe from the countless threats it faces. However, if you think he's just a giant slobbering eating machine... Well, you'd be mostly right, but there's way more to this lovable mutt than meets the eye. In one of Marvel's greatest decisions, Lockjaw got his own Avengers team in 2009's Lockjaw and the Pet Avengers."

Paragraph 20: Hal Hinson, writing in The Washington Post said, the film is "so peculiar that one barely knows where to start." He noted that "the real audience for the film—the kids—will have not the slightest hint of all this. They'll be far too consumed—as well they should be—with the goofy antics of Bo-Tat, who, as movie elephants go, is actually pretty wonderful." In mixed fashion, he concluded by saying, "Operation Dumbo Drop isn't a shoddy piece of work or a cynical one. It's well acted, well directed and far more interesting visually than most children's films. In its heart of hearts, though, it is more than slightly schizoid. On the one hand, it's a diverting entertainment for children and young adults; on the other, it's a ludicrous fantasy about a war whose complexities cannot be contained by facile metaphors." Roger Ebert in the Chicago Sun-Times offered a mostly negative review commenting, "the story is so sentimentalized, so sanitized into a family comedy, that I do doubt the reality was anything like this." He expressed disappointment by saying, "There is a moment when Nguyen can shoot the elephant, but chooses not to, using dialogue that I somehow doubt was uttered by any member of the Viet Cong at any time:  'I did not join this army to shoot elephants - especially ones that fly.' " He concluded "As a family movie, "Operation Dumbo Drop" is sort of entertaining. As history, it's shameless." In the Deseret News, critic Chris Hicks reserved a mild compliment for some of the lead acting and directing saying, "Glover and Liotta play against each other pretty well, though there is none of the chemistry Glover has with Mel Gibson in the "Lethal Weapon" films." He noted how director Wincer "moves things along quite well, and there is some impressive stunt work". But overall, he felt the film's screenplay was "strictly by-the-numbers stuff and contains some wildly implausible elements."

Paragraph 21: On July 1, 2021, the worlds 6th largest economy - The State of California, where Zuriel was born and raised, announced a special election to either keep its current leader [Governor Gavin Newsome], or replace him. Understanding the power and voice of youth of which she is one, Zuriel released a statewide video, talking to Californians about her 18-year journey and speaking about the need for youths to get involved in charting the future of the state, and by default, the country. Immediately, media, from across California to Canada, to the United Kingdom  began reporting that 18-year-old Zuriel Oduwole was entering the California Governor's race. Instead, Zuriel made it clear she was not running and for 2 simple reasons. First, she was a full time University student, and second, she would need to raise a lot of money by appealing to people and soliciting donations, just to tell or show what she was capable of or what she is able to do, when she had been doing the same things quietly, globally and successfully without spending a penny, for the last 8 years. She didn't understand that logic behind such political accoutrements of spending and profligacy, when people were hungry, homeless and in need of immediate medical attention statewide and across the United States.Qatar Foundation & Global Education DevelopmentAs an emerging pillar supporting world class education in the middle east, the Qatar Foundation sponsored the establishment of globally renowned Universities in its capital city of Doha. They include major US and European institutions Northwestern University, Texas A&M University, HEC Paris, and Georgetown University. This is augmented by the foundations bi-annual WISE education summit, that draws policy makers, world leaders, and development [education engineers] with the aim of creating and evaluating real time education models and solutions for the worlds education challenges. For its December 2021 summit edition, along with Sierra Leones minister of basic education David Sengeh and dozens of professionals, women and young trailblazers, Zuriel Oduwole was invited to share the success story of her 'alternative education' model and initiative that teaches real world skills such as basic film making to young people who are out of traditional schools and classrooms, but still want the power, benefit and advantage of an education. She shared that these initiatives on a larger national and regional scale would greatly reduce the annual number of hundreds of millions of out of school children, across the globe.Saudi Arabia and The MiSK Foundation Global Youth IndexRecognized as an emerging thought leader in global development, Zuriel was a keynote speaker and panelist at the Misk Foundation 10th anniversary speaker series in Riyadh, speaking on the global youth index. She enunciated three reasons why the worlds youth voice should be included in the management of global affairs as 1) taking good risks 2) having no agendas except problem solving and 3) driven and fueled by sheer creativity in crafting solutions Discovering A Confluence Between Climate and Education'''

Paragraph 22: When Gerhardt Katsch accepted his professorship at Greifswald in 1928 the German republic was a parliamentary democracy. During the 33 years that followed the country underwent brutal régime change in 1933 and again in 1945/46. There were twelve years of Hitler, including a war that lasted more than five years and during which, estimates suggest more than eight million Germans were killed. For the central third of the country there were four years of overt Soviet military occupation. Very few university professors remained in post through that succession of upheavals. Gerhardt Katsch did. The Hitler government took power in January 1933 and quickly transformed Germany from a parliamentary democracy to a one-party dictatorship. In March 1933 Katsch became a member of Der Stahlhelm, a paramilitary association of First World War army veterans, widely associated by commentators and historians with post-democratic populism. At the urging of the new government, the Stahlhelm were merged into the party's own paramilitary organisation, the so-called Sturmabteilung (SA) in January 1934. Katsch, having just entered his sixth decade, thereby became an SA member, appointed to the rank of "Oberscharführer" (loosely, "senior squadron leader") in the "SA-Reserve" during 1934. Called upon to explain this record after the political wind had again changed, Katsch did so: one "had to look for ways to protect oneself from multiple attacks, resulting most particularly from the fact that I had not - as I had been asked - found a pretext to dismiss a Jewish assistant".    This was probably a reference to his longstanding colleague Prof. Dr. Alfred Lubin, who was indeed Jewish, and who in 1935 managed to escape to Lithuania, and from there to Bolivia. Lubin and Katsch remained in correspondence till the former's death in 1956, and he readily confirmed the position just as Katsch had described it. As the antisemitic "Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service" was applied with increasing enthusiasm by the authorities, notwithstanding his SA involvement, Katsch lost a number of senior physicians at his clinic during the middle 1930s. Katsch's own attestation, with appropriate genealogical back-up, that he descended from four "Aryan" grandparents went unchallenged by the authorities, which saved him from being branded as a "jüdischer Mischling zweiten Grades" ("semi-Jew") under the infamous antisemitic Nuremberg Laws. Nevertheless, finding himself under pressure from persisting rumours of his own Jewish ancestry, and no doubt fearing for the safety of his family, in August 1934 Katsch also joined the SS as a "supporting member". The SS was another large paramilitary organisation, which operated on the fringes of political policing. Those too old or too busy to engage in terms of hands-on involvement could nevertheless pay to become supporting members if they already had a suitably impressive military record: supporting members were not expected to become part of the "SS command structure", however. One way and another, Katsch and his family were not targeted personally in connection with reports of his Jewish ancestry. Most sources indicate that it was not till 1943 that he took what might have been construed as the logical further step of becoming a member of the NSDAP. Recent research at the University of Greifswald, which hold extensive archival records on Gerhardt Katsch, nevertheless indicates that Gerhardt Katsch joined the party on 24 July 1937, and gives his party membership number as 4,865,153. Party membership numbers run chronologically, and the membership number given here is indeed consistent with Katsch having become a party member in approximately July 1937.

Paragraph 23: Heihe, formerly Aihui or Aigun, is one of the five oldest cities in Heilongjiang, along with Tsitsihar, Yilan, Acheng and Hulan. Human beings started to settle in Heihe region as early as the Paleolithic Age. Later it became home to local tribes. During the Qing dynasty, Heihe was the first place troops sent to Heilongjiang were stationed. The predecessor of today's Heihe was the town established by the indigenous Ducher people of the Amur Valley in the mid-1650s. It was established some  south of the modern city site (in today's Aihui District) and was known as Aigun, Heilongjiang, or Saghalien Ula. (The two last names both mean "the Black Dragon River" - the name for the Amur River in Chinese and Manchu, respectively).

Paragraph 24: Although Jardine’s Lookout is commonly known as where Cavendish Heights is located at, the multi-block estate sits on the fringe of Jardine’s Lookout, on the border of Mount Butler, which is on the eastern side of block one. Residential buildings such as Park Garden, Flora Garden and Elm Tree Towers on Tai Hang Drive and Chun Fai Road are considered as the upper part of Tai Hang, below Mount Butler not Jardine’s Lookout. The area has large detached houses in private lots and more moderate townhouses. Low-rise and high-rise apartments make up the rest of the community. Houses in private lots include ones built in the 1950s which were in recent years sold to wealthy mainlanders. In 2015, Cheung Chung-kiu, Chairman of CC Land, reportedly purchased 1 Purves Road for about HK$760 million, or around HK$100,000 per square foot. In 2019, Joseph Lau Luen-hung's residence at Goldsmith Road ranked the fifth as Hong Kong’s most expensive residential properties in rental value estimated by the Hong Kong Government, with an annual estimated rental value of HK$8.23 million. In 2018, this house was reportedly by Apple Daily to be worth HK$2.5 billion. Translating into HK$250,000 per sq. ft. based on internal floor area of around 10,000 square feet,) it is the most valuable house in Hong Kong, followed by 75 Deep Water Bay Road. In 2020, the site at 20 Perkins Road was sold for HK$850 million representing a 40 percent drop compared to previous market transactions. This price translated into over HK$82,000 per square foot compared to another site on Perkins Road in 2018 which changed hands at HK$145,000 per square foot.  

Paragraph 25: On February 16, 1959, The Broadway opened its store at Hawthorne and Sepulveda boulevards, the ninth in Greater Los Angeles, and over the next two years the open-air Del Amo Shopping Center was built adjacent to it, south of Carson Street. Silverwoods opened what was also its ninth L.A.-area store here in November 1960. Most of the rest of the center opened in stages in early 1961 with additional anchors JCPenney, Sears and Woolworth's. Other stores that opened in 1961 were Lerner's, Leed's Shoes and Ontra Cafeteria; and later C. H. Baker Shoes, Judy's Sportwear, Helen Morgan Women's Shop, The Men's Shop, Tot's Toggery and Suburban Shop, Singer Sewing Shop, Mandel's Shoes, Varon's Jewelry, and Children's Shoe Store.

Paragraph 26: Little is known about the prehistory of the Iveston area. In fact no certain remains from this period have been found at all. It was once thought that 'Castle Hill' might be the sight of an Iron Age hillfort. However, the remains at this site are simply those of an early-19th-century quarry. The hill itself is a spoil tip from the quarry. The only object to have been found here is a 17th-century shoe buckle. More likely to be of prehistoric date is the enclosure shown by cropmarks, which was excavated in 1963. Although no dating evidence was found, this is not surprising as many prehistoric sites produce very few finds.

Paragraph 27: Aside from the fact that the gospels provide different accounts of the Jewish role in Jesus's death (for example, Mark and Matthew report two separate trials, Luke one, and John none), Fredriksen, like other scholars (see Catchpole 1971) argues that many elements of the gospel accounts could not possibly have happened: according to Jewish law, the court could not meet at night; it could not meet on a major holiday; Jesus's statements to the Sanhedrin or the High Priest (e.g. that he was the messiah) did not constitute blasphemy; the charges that the gospels purport the Jews to have made against Jesus were not capital crimes against Jewish law; even if Jesus had been accused and found guilty of a capital offense by the Sanhedrin, the punishment would have been death by stoning (the fates of Saint Stephen and James the Just for example) and not crucifixion. This necessarily assumes that the Jewish leaders were scrupulously obedient to Roman law, and never broke their own laws, customs or traditions even for their own advantage. In response, it has been argued that the legal circumstances surrounding the trial have not been well understood, and that Jewish leaders were not always strictly obedient, either to Roman law or to their own. Furthermore, talk of a restoration of the Jewish monarchy was seditious under Roman occupation. Further, Jesus would have entered Jerusalem at an especially risky time, during Passover, when popular emotions were running high. Although most Jews did not have the means to travel to Jerusalem for every holiday, virtually all tried to comply with these laws as best they could. And during these festivals, such as the Passover, the population of Jerusalem would swell, and outbreaks of violence were common. Scholars suggest that the High Priest feared that Jesus' talk of an imminent restoration of an independent Jewish state might spark a riot. Maintaining the peace was one of the primary jobs of the Roman-appointed High Priest, who was personally responsible to them for any major outbreak. Scholars therefore argue that he would have arrested Jesus for promoting sedition and rebellion, and turned him over to the Romans for punishment.However, Paul's preaching of the gospel and its radical social practices were by their very definition a direct affront to the social hierarchy of Greco-Roman society itself, and thus these new teachings undermined the Empire, ultimately leading to full-scale Roman persecution of Christians aimed at stamping out the new faith.

Paragraph 28: The seminal theoretical contribution to the literature is that of Joseph Stiglitz and Andrew Weiss, who studied credit rationing in a market with imperfect information, in their 1981 paper in the American Economic Review. Stiglitz and Weiss developed a model to illustrate how credit rationing can be an equilibrium feature of the market, in the sense that the rationed borrower would be willing to obtain the funds at an interest rate higher than the one charged by the lender, who may not be willing to lend the extra funds, as the higher rate would imply lower expected profits. This may be an example of equilibrium rationing where there exists excess demand for credit at the equilibrium rate of interest. Market equilibrium may be further enhanced, however, by lenders who are in competition with each other, and where one lender may be willing to accept a higher risk than another which may result in a balance of lending to borrowers who may also be willing to accept a higher risk and/or pay a higher rate to borrow. The reason this may lead to an equilibrium may be that lenders policies regarding adverse selection may vary and the situation where the lender is faced with borrowers whose projects imply different risk levels (types), and the type of each borrower is unbeknownst to the lender. The main intuition behind this result is that safe borrowers would not be willing to tolerate a high interest rate, as, with a low probability of default, they will end up paying back a large amount to the lender. Risky types will accept a higher rate because they have a lower chance of a successful project (and typically a higher return if successful), and thus a lower chance of repayment. Additional risk is taken into account by an increase to the cost of borrowing or rather the interest rate paid. Note that when a lender restricts their lending and decides to keep the rates lower, this assumes limited liability, and supports the notion of credit rationing, though results could still hold with unlimited liability.

Paragraph 29: It is believed that Udayadev was exiled to Tibet and his daughter, Bhrikuti, was married to the Tibet Emperor Tsrong-tsang Gompo. This event appears to have opened trade routes between Nepal and Tibet. Some early historians in Nepal had mistakenly concluded that the pictographic symbol used to name the father of Bhrikuti in Tang Annals stood for Amshu (which means the rays of the rising sun in Sanskrit, the language used in Nepal then), where as Udaya (the rise of the sun) would also be written with the same symbols. Bhrikuti could not have been Amshuverma's daughter simply because she would be too old to marry the Tibet Emperor. Bhrikuti was daughter of Udayadev and she had dispatched the Tibetan army to Nepal valley to reinstate Narendradev, her brother, as king in Nepal about 640 AD. Bhrikuti was instrumental in spreading Buddhism to Tibet and she later attained the status of Tara, the shakti in Mahayana Buddhism.

Paragraph 30: In any given country, rail traffic generally runs to one side of a double-track line, not always the same side as road traffic. Thus in Belgium, China (apart from metro systems), France (apart from the classic lines of the former German Alsace and Lorraine), Sweden (apart from Malmö and further south), Switzerland and Italy for example, the railways use left-hand running, while the roads use right-hand running. However, there are many exceptions: in Switzerland, the Lausanne Metro and railways at the Germany border area use RHT as well as all tram systems. In countries such as Indonesia, it is the reverse (right-hand running for railways and left-hand running for roads). In Spain, where rails are RHT, metro systems in Madrid and Bilbao use LHT. In Sweden, the tram systems in Gothenburg (except for an Angered station and stations with island platforms), Norrköping and Stockholm (except for Alvik - Alleparken section) are RHT. The railroads (and the metro) use LHT in general, but in Malmö they use RHT due to the connection to Denmark. In Ukraine, some sections of Kryvyi Rih Metrotram use LHT due to tramcars having doors only on right side, which makes it impossible to use RHT at stations with island platforms. On the (pre-1918) French-German border, for example, flyovers were provided so that trains moving on the left in France end up on the right in Germany and vice versa. In the United States, three Metra commuter railroad lines formerly owned by the CNW near Chicago operate as left-hand running, a historical oddity caused by the original placement of station buildings and the directionality of travel demand.