Paragraph 1: There is little written information about the people of Għargħur in earlier days. One source of information is the Dejma list, which mentions Għargħur in conjunction with Ħal Samudi (Madliena). In the Middle Ages, Għargħur was most probably a very small rural community. An abbey was established in Ħal Għargħur in the Middle Ages, in an area now called Tar-Rħieb (Friars' (old Maltese) place). There is no evidence as to when and why this abbey was abandoned, but the reason could have been the constant pirate attacks on the village, which led to a severe depopulation of both Għargħur and nearby settlements. During these raids, settlements were looted and those considered valuable enough were taken into slavery. Indeed, in this period houses in Għargħur were built so as to allow the residents to lock themselves in. One feature of these houses was a secret room in which females used to hide during these attacks. Also, the old streets and alleys are planned in a way that would confuse visitors. These raids continued well into the years, even after Għargħur became a parish. Indeed, on one occasion the residents of Għargħur found refuge in the parish church and vowed that if they were unharmed, there would be an annual pilgrimage to the shrine of [Mellieħa]. Nobody was harmed or taken into slavery on that occasion, and thus the tradition of holding this pilgrimage was started.

Paragraph 2: Hundreds of holiday tourists on the Phi Phi Islands were washed out to sea. Tuk-tuk drivers were quick to offer assistance, driving victims to hospitals, higher grounds and away from the surging waters. The nearby Ko Lanta Yai, however, was not afflicted as badly. At some places in Phuket and Phang Nga provinces, elephants were used to move and lift heavy wreckage to search for victims and to clear roads. These included six male Indian elephants which had previously been used in making the movie Alexander. On a beach in Thailand, a man was leading an elephant to entertain tourists, when the tsunami came. The elephant's natural instinct to flee the sea saved the life of a young girl who was upon his back.

Paragraph 3: Jamal's sexuality is a point of contention very early on for him and his father, while his mother sees the signs and loves him anyway. Lee Daniels made a conscious effort to remove the "stereotype" from Jamal's sexuality. "Look... there are all different types of gay people" Daniels remarked. Smollett said the show is "not shoving anything down your throat. It's not preaching, it's not telling you the way you should feel about a certain issue, but it is giving you options. Lee [Daniels] holds up the mirror to us as human beings." Thanks to his own experience as a gay man, Daniels is able to construct the world of Empire around Jamal who is written as a "down-the-middle, well-mannered, even-keeled, guy-next-door type". Daniels wanted to "normalize" gay romances, specifically between men of color. Show runner Ilene Chaiken said "We're going to go places with Jamal that are unexpected and that you've never seen a television show go – certainly not on a broadcast television show – with a gay black character... Maybe not with any gay character, frankly." Daniels said "Homophobia is rampant in the African-American community" and using the character of Jamal, "I wanted to blow the lid off it." "We are behind closed doors in a family situation and trying to tell it as honestly as possible. The things my father said to me because of homophobia frightened the devil out of me." said Terrence Howard. He continued, "What we're really trying to do... is give people an opportunity to see what they're doing is painful. It's crushing someone that could be beautiful." The scene in which Lucious throws a 4-year-old Jamal into a trash can after Jamal dresses up in Cookie's heels comes from actual events from Daniels own childhood. While Jamal's sexuality is known in his personal life, Ilene Chaiken explained that Jamal is "coming out to the world which not everybody gets". However, it would be very difficult for Jamal not only as an artist, but also as the son of someone with such fame. In addition, Jamal is black and he is a part of the hip-hop community. This is a "very, very big deal and it's a huge story to tell" Chaiken said. However, Jamal wants to come out on his own terms, and that causes some trouble for him. According to Smollett, Jamal changes his mind about coming out in episode 102, "The Outspoken King" because "It just wasn't the right time for him, especially to do it in such a grand way – with the press conference and the performance. That was a show! That's not Jamal."

Paragraph 4: In addition to the army wagons, some 75 additional civilian wagons belonging to cotton speculators followed along behind.  General Steele had strongly instructed Lieutenant-Colonel Drake not to attempt a crossing of the Moro Bayou bottom—a few miles west of Marks Mills—after nightfall.  According to Captain Samuel Swiggett of the 36th Iowa, as the supply train approached the bottom on Sunday afternoon, Drake was confronted with a nearly impassible road through the bottom due to flooding caused by recent heavy spring rainfall.  Additionally, according to Swiggett, the civilian teamsters tagging along behind were growing argumentative and hard to handle due to the slow pace.  Drake therefore ordered the train into encampment in a field on the side of the road west of Moro crossing at 2 pm, and meanwhile ordered several dozen Black contrabands accompanying the train forward as pioneers to begin cutting down timber and laying a corduroy road across the muddy bottom.  Others, including members of the 43rd Indiana, stated later that the train went into camp closer to 4pm. Regardless of the precise time, it is likely—as Swiggett pointed out—that the entire train could have crossed the Moro Bottom by evening. Union General Powell Clayton, in command at Pine Bluff, knew that Steele would be sending more wagons to Pine Bluff for additional supplies and he had posted some of his troops at Mount Elba, halfway between Marks Mills and Pine Bluff, to provide escort for any federal trains enroute Pine Bluff. It is Swiggett's contention, therefore, that had Drake pressed on that Sunday afternoon, the train would have successfully crossed Moro bottom and could have been well on its way up the Pine Bluff Road to Mount Elba by nightfall. Swiggett reported that as they lay in camp on the west bank of the Moro, all experienced a feeling or foreboding.  Swiggett's opinion is supported by the fact that the Confederate forces had crossed the Ouachita River well below Camden and made an all-night forced march of 52 miles on 24 April in order to get in front of Drake's command, and consequently the Confederates had just barely arrived at the ambush site in force early Monday morning and they were still sorting out their ambush plan when Drake's command crossed the Moro and continued up the road into the clearing at Marks Mills. Thus, had Drake pressed forward on Sunday instead of going into camp in mid-afternoon, it is very possible that the train would have been well ahead of the ambush site by 8:00 am on Monday morning and within range of Clayton's cavalry escort posted at Mount Elba.

Paragraph 5: In recent times, Eurostat publishes the "business investment rate" (also called the "gross investment rate of non-financial corporations") in its quarterly sector accounts for the EU27. This ratio is defined as gross fixed capital formation divided by gross value added, in other words the share of GFCF in gross product. It provides an indication of how much of the total factor income is reinvested in new fixed assets. Normally that ratio is about 20–23% of gross value-added. However, calling it the "business investment rate" or the "gross investment rate" is somewhat deceptive, since this indicator refers only to fixed investment, and more specifically, the net fixed investment (fixed assets bought, less disposals of fixed assets). The actual total funds which are spent by enterprises on investments, in gross terms, are much larger, both because enterprises invest in far more than fixed assets only (they also buy intermediate goods and services, and some financial assets), and because the total money they spend on buying fixed assets is larger than the same sum netted of asset disposals. The main reason why this Eurostat indicator is published is that it shows something about the longer-term expectations of enterprises. If business confidence is low, enterprises are less likely to tie up new earnings in additional fixed assets, which are usually held for a number of years. If, on the other hand, business confidence is buoyant, it is more likely that enterprises will spend more of their current earnings on longer-term investments in fixed assets. In turn, the rate at which enterprises invest earnings in longer-term assets is an indicator of business expansion – if the rate declines, then this typically lowers the rate of cumulative business expansion. For example, in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2008-2009, the ratio dropped to slightly below 20% in Q1 2010 from a high of 23% in Q2 2008. Although this 3% drop in the ratio may not seem so large, in reality it signifies a very large amount of money that was no longer spent. The reason is that the total gross investment and gross value-added for the European Union amount to trillions of euro's, while the total gross value-added also fell significantly in 2008-2010.

Paragraph 6: When bowling, Trumble made the most of his height, bringing the ball over the full extent of his right arm. His action was described by his team-mate and bowling partner, Monty Noble, as "sidelong and insinuating, with his neck craned like a gigantic bird". He bowled off spinners with an impeccable length at medium pace and was able to swing the new ball. He had a well-disguised slower ball, hoodwinking batsmen such as Stanley Jackson, who said, "You old devil. You get me caught-and-bowled whenever you like but I'll pick that slow one sooner or later." He preferred English pitches, saying he hardly saw one on which he could not get some turn and the temperate weather allowed him to bowl all day. In Australia, Trumble had to work harder for his wickets on firmer pitches, relying on his change of pace and consistent accuracy; he claimed he could land the ball on a saucer  away five times out of six. Johnnie Moyes named him as an "immortal of the art" who succeeded by "attacking the batsman's strength". W. G. Grace called him "the best bowler Australia has sent us". While Trumble was able to score 1,183 runs during the 1899 tour of England, the demands of bowling did not allow him to consistently score heavily. His long, prehensile fingers helped him make a reputation as a fine slips fieldsman and he was the first to take 20 catches in an Australian season. English cricketer Johnny Douglas said, "Trumble should not be allowed on the cricket field—his natural place would be up trees in the bush." He practised slip fielding by catching a tennis ball thrown against a brick wall; he believed this practise trained him not to "snatch" at the ball but allow it to fall into his safe hands.

Paragraph 7: Operations against al-Qaeda linked terrorists continued in 2009 when on 14 September several U.S. Navy helicopters launched a raid in Baraawe against Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan, killing him as well as five other militants. Also in 2009, Operators from the SAS and the SRR were deployed to Djibouti as part of Combined Joint Task Force – Horn of Africa to conducting operations against Islamist terrorists in Somalia; carrying out missions focusing on surveillance and targeting of terrorists, alongside their US counterparts, they have also been carrying out this role in Yemen. On 25 January 2012, two U.S. Navy SEAL teams raided a compound  north of Adow, Somalia, freeing two hostages while killing nine pirates and capturing five others. On 5 October 2013, American commandos from DEVGRU launched an amphibious raid on the town of Baraawe engaging with al-Shabaab militants and inflicting some casualties on them before withdrawing. On 5 March 2016, U.S. airstrikes carried out by aircraft and unmanned drones killed more than 150 Al-Shabaab terrorists at a terrorist training camp called "Camp Raso", located about 120 miles north of Mogadishu as they were completing "training for a large-scale attack" according to a Pentagon spokesman. The camp had been under surveillance for some time before the strike. In the early hours of 9 March 2016, U.S. special forces and Somali national army special forces killed between 1 and 15 Al-Shabaab terrorists in a heliborne-attack on the Al-Shabaab-controlled town of Awdhegele, as well as capturing an undisclosed number of high-value Al-Shabaab figures the militants were training for a major operation against coalition forces. On 11/12 April 2016, two U.S. airstrikes on Al-Shabaab targets in the town of Kismayo killed about a dozen suspected militants who posed an "imminent threat" to American troops in the country. As of May 2016, roughly 50 U.S. special operations troops operate at undisclosed locations across southern Somalia, with their headquarters at the airport in Mogadishu; advising and assisting, Kenyan, Somali and Ugandan forces in their fight against Al-Shabaab. Also in that month, U.S. personnel helped those forces plan an operation against illegal checkpoints. On 13 May, a U.S. strike targeted nine al-Shabab militants, three of them were allegedly killed. On 1 June 2016, the Pentagon announced that it had conducted an airstrike that killed a senior Al-Shabaab leader in Somalia on 27 May. On 3 August 2016, a contingent of elite American troops acting as military advisers assisted Somali commandos in an assault on an al-Shabaab checkpoint in Saakow, as the Somali-led force approached the checkpoint the militants opened fire, a gun battle ensued that resulted in 3 militants killed. On 29 September 2016, the Military Times reported that on 26 September a bomb-manufacturing network linked al-Shabaab attacked a small team of U.S. and Somali troops, who were conducting an operation near Kismayo, with small-arms fire. A Pentagon spokesman said the U.S. military "conducted a self-defense strike to neutralize the threat and in doing so killed nine enemy fighters." Also on 28 September, near the town of Galkayo, a Somali army unit conducting counterterrorism operations nearby, when the Somali soldiers came under fire from al-Shabab militants. The Somali soldiers engaged them, then broke contact and rejoined with their nearby American advisers and soon afterwards the militants "began to maneuver in an offensive manner" so the U.S. conducted a self-defense airstrike, killing 4 militants.

Paragraph 8: In 1907, Thomas W. Lawson was under charter to the Anglo-American Oil Company (part of Standard Oil) and set sail on November 19 from the piers of Marcus Hook Refinery (20 miles south of Philadelphia) to London with 58,000 barrels of light paraffin oil. Two days before leaving, the new captain, George Washington Dow, had to hire six new men to the crew because six other seamen had quit their jobs due to payment problems. Those new men weren't able seamen and some didn't speak fluent English. Leaving the mouth of the Delaware River, on November 20, the large schooner set course for England under fair weather conditions. But the following day the weather turned considerably worse. The ship was not sighted for more than 20 days during its first transatlantic journey, which was quite horrible in extremely stormy weather. With the loss of most of her sails, all but one lifeboat, and the breach of hatch no. 6, causing the ship's pumps to clog due to a mixture of intruding seawater and the engine's coal in the ship's hold, the schooner reached the Celtic Sea northwest of the Isles of Scilly. On December 13, entering the English Channel, she mistakenly passed inside the Bishop Rock lighthouse. Her captain anchored between the Nundeeps shallows and Gunner's Rock, northwest of the island of Annet, to ride out an impending gale, refusing several requests of St. Agnes and St. Mary's lifeboat crews to abandon the ship. Captain Dow, trusting in his anchors, only accepted the Trinity House pilot Billy "Cook" Hicks from St. Agnes lifeboat, who came aboard at 5 p.m. on Friday 13. Both lifeboats of St. Agnes and St. Mary's had to return to their stations because of an unconscious crewman on the former and a broken mast on the latter. They cabled to Falmouth, Cornwall, for a tug which couldn't put to sea, unable to face the storm.

Paragraph 9: Towards the end of the Second World War he served in the Royal Corps of Signals. After a brilliant undergraduate career at Christ Church, Oxford (BA 1947) he studied for ordination at Westcott House, Cambridge. After his first curacy in Edinburgh, he worked for the Student Christian Movement. From 1961 to 1966 he was a member of staff of the World Council of Churches (Executive Secretary for Faith and Order). He returned from Geneva after being nominated (but not elected) as General Secretary of the WCC. In the event the post went to the Revd Eugene Carson Blake. During his service as an Anglican Bishop he was also chair of the Churches' Unity Commission and president of the Conference of European Churches. As Bishop of Oxford he presided over the beginning of an Area scheme which delegated functions from the diocesan to his suffragan or "Area" bishops, in order to decentralise the work of the diocese. In retirement he served as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Edinburgh. In 1989, he published Songs in a Strange Land, a devotional book on praying with the Psalms.

Paragraph 10: In 1708 after realizing that Ivan Mazepa sided with Carl XII, Peter the Great order to destroy Baturyn and transfer capital to Hlukhiv. Here in November 1708 was elected a new Hetman of Zaporizhian Host Ivan Skoropadsky, while the Metropolitan of Kyiv, Halych and all Little Russia Ioasaf was forced to proclaim anathema onto Mazepa in the St. Trinity Cathedral (destroyed in 1962). Hlukhiv served as the capital of the Cossack Hetmanate in 1708-64 and until 1773 the administrative center of the Little Russia Governorate. Under the last hetmans of Ukraine, the town was remodeled in the Baroque style. Subsequently, it declined in consequence of frequent fires, so that very few of its architectural gems survived.

Paragraph 11: All-Star center DeMarcus Cousins joined the Warriors in 2018–19. While teammates with Curry and Thompson on the 2014 US FIBA Basketball World Cup team, he had joked that he was the third Splash Brother. At the time, he had made nine of his 61 three-point attempts (14.8%) in his four-year career, but had improved to 35.1 percent in the four years since. On October 29, 2018, against the Chicago Bulls, Thompson hit an NBA-record 14 threes to break Curry's former mark of 13.  Thompson scored 52 points in 27 minutes while making 14-for-24 of his threes. His 10 three-pointers in the first half tied Chandler Parsons' record set in 2014, and Golden State made 17 threes in the first half to set the NBA record for a half. With Curry having already scored 51 points in a game earlier in 2018–19, the Splash Brothers became the first NBA teammates to have each scored 50 or more points in a contest through their team's first eight games. In the 2019 playoffs, the Warriors eliminated the Los Angeles Clippers in the first round 4–2, but both Curry and Thompson suffered sprained ankles in Game 6, and they were questionable entering Game 1 of the conference semifinals against Houston. The series was tied 2–2 after four games, and the Splash Brothers were struggling with their 3-point shooting, combining to miss at least two-thirds of their attempts in five straight games, the longest streak in their postseason history. With the two struggling with their shooting, Kevin Durant had been the Warriors best player in the playoffs, averaging a team-leading 35.4 points entering Game 5. However, Durant left the game with 2:05 remaining in the third quarter after suffering a strained right calf; he was later ruled out indefinitely. Curry led the Golden State to a Game 5 win after scoring 16 of his 25 points after Durant exited, while Thompson had seven of his 27 during that stretch. The Warriors captured the series on the road in Game 6, when Thompson scored 21 of his 27 in the first half, and Curry collected all of his 33 points in the second half. Golden State lost 4–2 in the 2019 finals against the Toronto Raptors. Already without Durant, who returned and tore his Achilles in Game 5, the Warriors lost Thompson near the end of the third quarter of the deciding Game 6 after he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.

Paragraph 12: The Tự Đức Bảo Sao or Đồng Sao (銅鈔, billets of copper) were introduced by the Ministry of Revenue (戸部, Hộ Bộ) in the year Tự Đức 14 (1961) for large transactions and taxes on behalf of stores of the government of Đại Nam, the introduction of the Tự Đức Bảo Sao marked the redefinition of the tiền or mạch denominations and the quàn (strings of cash coins) where the quàn was made equal to 10 mạch and the mạch was made the equivalent of 60 zinc cash coins, under these exchange rates 1 quàn was worth a string of 600 zinc cash coins. The Đồng Sao series of cash coins was introduced as zinc cash coins were heavy in quantity to carry around for the payment of larger sums of money, to this end the government introduced a system of monetary units determined by their nominal value in zinc cash coins as opposed to their intrinsic market value, it is possible that this might have been inspired by contemporary Chinese coinage of the Xianfeng era in the Qing dynasty where large denomination coins from 4 up to 1000 văn circulated alongside each other with little to no difference in intrinsic value in a fiduciary system, this system was also used by the Vietnamese. When the Tự Đức Bảo Sao was first proposed the Mandarins of the imperial court of Đại Nam suggested to simply increase the weight of the brass Tự Đức Thông Bảo to make them worth more relative to the zinc Tự Đức Thông Bảo cash coins as 1 brass cash coin with a weight of 9 phần was worth four zinc cash coins. The value of the Đồng Sao cash coins was indicated on the reverses of the coins expressed in their worth in zinc cash coins preceded by the character  (chuẩn, regarded as equal to), despite the fact that Sao (鈔) means "paper money", though imperfectly the denominations of these coins attempted to take the respective value of brass and zinc cash coins into account which means that they can't be fully qualified as a fiat currency. The Ministry of Revenue of Đại Nam originally set the exchange rate between the brass Tự Đức Bảo Sao and zinc cash coins heavily in favour of the larger denominations which wasn't accepted by the market which resulted in the imperial court attempting to adjust the exchange rate more to the contemporary exchange values of brass and zinc cash coins that were in circulation. In January 1868 by decree the exchange rate between brass 9 phần cash and zinc cash coins was fixed 1:4 replacing the early ratio of 1:2.67 that had been in place since 1858. The Tự Đức Bảo Sao was generally well received by the population of Đại Nam despite the fact that their circulation was reduced due to their high purchasing power relative to their intrinsic value until their weight was decreased, which was done by the government to conform to the new official exchange between brass and zinc cash coins.

Paragraph 13: Daring was en route from the Kiel Canal to Londonderry Port when she was redirected to the Mediterranean. She paused at Gibraltar, and went alongside at Malta. A new crew were flown out from UK in November 1956. To all of the engineering staff she was a completely new design with high pressure four drum boilers and two furnaces operating at 650psi and 850 F superheat. They had a very short period in which to acquaint themselves with the ship and machinery before setting off for the Suez during the Crisis of 1956. On completion of that tour she returned to the Western Mediterranean. She teamed up with three other 'Darings' and carried out exercises with them in the Golfe du Lion. One exercise was a high speed night maneuvering carried out at 30 knots+. Steaming in line abreast under complete blackout the four ships received a signal from Capt. 'D' to turn to starboard 90 degrees into line ahead. Daring was on the end of the line with HMS Diana on her starboard side. When the 'Execute' order was received, Diana failed to respond and Daring turned directly at her. The first lieutenant was on the bridge with the Capt. in the radar plot room. I was i/c 'B' boiler room and saw the repeater telegraph move to "Full Astern". This is an order which has to be obeyed immediately regardless of damage to machinery. The safety valves on my boiler lifted within seconds as the engine room responded shutting off steam to the ahead turbine. The pressure rapidly fell then as the astern maneuvering valves were opened, falling to 150psi before beginning to recover. Water in some quantity must have gone with the steam as several rows of the astern turbine were carried away. Fortunately, being the port engine in 'B' Unit, they managed to get the engine into reverse mode somewhat more quickly than the 'A' Unit which pulled the ship round to port very narrowly avoiding the almost inevitable collision.  The ship then made its way to Gibraltar on the one shaft where it spent three months in the dockyard refitting a new astern turbine.

Paragraph 14: The Zasuul (literally meaning a "fixer") of the wrestler is an on-field guide and coach of the wrestler. In lower round competitions when there are many wrestlers, most wrestlers don't have their own zasuuls. Successful wrestlers and those that get to the higher rounds get their own zasuuls. A Zasuuls' role is to hold the hat of his wrestler while he wrestles and give him encouragement and motivation on the field.  For instance, if the match is going slowly, a zasuul might slap the buttocks of his wrestler to encourage him to engage his opponent faster. Zasuuls are not technically coaches in the literal sense. They are usually an elder and a friend of the wrestler who is there on the field to serve as a guide and help set up a fair competition.  Also, unlike other grappling sports, a Zasuul does not have to be a former wrestler. When the match starts, the wrestlers are divided about  evenly into left and right sides, and sometimes a zasuul will sing a praise of his wrestler to open a challenge from that side in the higher rounds, and the other side's zasuul will also respond with his own praise of his wrestler. The poetic praise of a wrestler by his zasuul comes from the wrestler with the highest rank on that side.

Paragraph 15: Although Quintessence played many hundreds of concerts and festivals all over Europe, they turned down a U.S. record deal negotiated by Island Records' Chris Blackwell and did not play at a concert at New York's Carnegie Hall lined up in early 1972, or tour the U.S., because four of the band's members wanted a larger monetary advance. This disappointed Blackwell and he dropped the band from the record label. Quintessence then signed with RCA and recorded one album with Jones and Dev. Raja Ram then unexpectedly 'fired' the pair after that album was released. Jones and Dev went on to form the short-lived outfit called Kala, along with Davey 'Crabsticks' Trotter. Meanwhile, Quintessence played on into the 1980s before breaking up.

Paragraph 16: The team was formed in 1985 by brothers Leo and Richard Jackson. At the Daytona 500 that year, the team entered the No. 55 and No. 66 cars, sponsored by U.S. Smokeless Tobacco through its Copenhagen and Skoal brands and driven by another pair of brothers, Benny Parsons and his brother Phil. Benny finished 31st and Phil finished 29th, both suffering engine failure. Phil ran fourteen races with the team that year and posted three top 10s while splitting time with another ride, and Benny ran fourteen races as well and had six top 10 finishes running a limited schedule. The two returned for 1986, when BP had four top tens and won the team's first pole position. Phil ran a limited schedule himself and had five top-tens. After Benny left at the end of the year, his brother moved from the No. 66 to the No. 55. In his first year with the No. 55, Phil Parsons finished a then career-high fourth at Martinsville and finished 14th in points. The No. 66 ran only one race that year, with IndyCar driver Tom Sneva running at Daytona before dropping out with engine failure. In 1988, Parsons improved to a ninth-place finish in points, with the highlight of his year coming with his victory at the Winston 500 despite running out of fuel earlier in the race. In 1989 the team returned to a two-car operation, signing Harry Gant away from Mach 1 Racing with the Skoal sponsorship coming with him. The Jacksons also traded numbers with Mach 1 owner Hal Needham and ran the No. 33 alongside the No. 55. Gant won early in the season at Darlington Speedway and finished seventh in points, while Parsons, despite additional sponsorship from Crown Petroleum, only had three top-tens and dropped to 21st in points. At the end of the year, Parsons left for Morgan-McClure Motorsports.

Paragraph 17: The John P. Stevens award-winning theatre company has been an ongoing program in the school for many years now. Since the foundation of the company, several Broadway and off-Broadway shows have been performed; some notable include: Grease, Into the Woods, Pippin, The Wiz, Leader of the Pack and Urinetown: The Musical. The theatre company's production of Urinetown garnered several honorable mentions and nominations by the NJ Paper Mill Playhouse Rising Star Awards. Other productions by the company from the past include Macbeth, The Musical Comedy Murders of 1940, A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, You're A Good Man, Charlie Brown and Working among others. The theatre company put on a production of Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee's Inherit the Wind in November 2007. The company put on perhaps their most successful and lauded show ever: the Stephen Sondheim musical Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street in April 2008.  Since then, they have put on The Odyssey, Tommy, The Crucible, and Jekyll & Hyde. In the fall of 2010, the company performed the play, Metamorphoses. In 2011, the company performed the rock opera hit Rent and Our Town. In 2019, their musical was Chicago: The Musical and their Fall Play was A Midsummer Night's Dream. In the fall of 2019, their fall play was Vintage Hitchcock: A Live Radio Play. Their musical for the 2020 school year was The Addams Family, but the production was cut to two show nights due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Likewise, due to the pandemic, the company did not have a formal fall show, but opted to present a series of online one-acts under the title of "Virtuality." In spring 2021, the company's spring musical was The Theory of Relativity, a musical about the importance of relationships and connectivity, teaching lessons that everyone needed to hear amidst a global pandemic. The fall play for the 2021-22 school year was Almost, Maine by John Cariani, and the musical was Mamma Mia!.

Paragraph 18: Max apologises to Danny for treated him poorly and says he believes in his diving ability but Danny refuses to let Max train him again. Danny and Shane arrange their own training sessions and Danny enters a local competition, which he wins. Max is not pleased and he later tells Maria coaching was his thing and he is no longer needed. Maria tells Max to move on and says they have more time to be a couple. Max supports Danny when he is wrongly accused of robbing Carol Brown (Merrin Canning) and confronts her about the accusation but later admits he thinks Danny is guilty. He catches Danny sneaking out to meet with his friend Scott Robinson (Jason Donovan) and almost strikes him. The boys run away and Maria feels Max was too hard on Danny, and Max appears not to care if Danny returns home. When Maria asks Max why he does not love Danny as much as Shane, he says he was never sure Danny was his biological son; after demanding the truth from her, Maria tells Max he is not. Maria was afraid to tell Max in case it worsened his relationship with Danny. Max realises Maria became pregnant during a brief separation and tells Jim he never thought she would do that to him. Jim suggests Max speak to Maria but he refuses. Max later tells Maria he will never come to terms with Danny not being his son; he tells Maria their marriage is over and he moves into a bedsit. Max is visited by an old school friend Nick Burman (Vic Hawkins), who says he has feelings for Maria. Nick takes Max to the pub and insists Max drives them home but they are involved in an accident and Max is charged with drink-driving. 

Paragraph 19: She had a small part in Sullivan's 1977 softcore sex comedy Come Play with Me, alongside Alfie Bass and Irene Handl. Although critically panned, the film was highly successful, running continuously for four years at one London cinema. It then became one of the first British films to sell in large numbers on the new VHS format. This was followed by a larger role in The Playbirds (1978), in which she was cast as a policewoman working undercover as a nude model. Although her lack of acting training was evident, The Playbirds was a commercial success. Like Come Play with Me it was extensively trailed in Sullivan's magazines. She made many public appearances at this time, promoting her films in regional cinemas, opening shops and restaurants, and raising money for the People's Dispensary for Sick Animals. At the height of her fame she was also working behind the counter in Sullivan's sex shops, mainly in the Whitehouse shop in Norbury. She continued working as a call girl, which she had done since her early modelling days. She then made a cameo appearance in Confessions from the David Galaxy Affair (1979), which was a flop, and played the title role in Queen of the Blues (1979). She appeared in other sex movies such as Eskimo Nell (1975), Intimate Games (1976) and Derek Ford's What's Up Superdoc! (1978).

Paragraph 20: Joe Mott insists that he will soon re-open his casino. The English Cecil "The Captain" Lewis and South African Piet "The General" Wetjoen, who fought each other during the Boer War, are now good friends, and both insist that they'll soon return to their nations of origin. Harry Hope has not left the bar since his wife Bess's death 20 years ago. He promises that he'll walk around the block on his birthday, which is the next day. Pat McGloin says he hopes to be reinstated into the police force, but is waiting for the right moment. Ed Mosher prides himself on his ability to give incorrect change, but he kept too much of his illegitimate profits to himself and was fired; he says he will get his job back someday. Hugo Kalmar is drunk and passed out for most of the play; when he is conscious, he pesters the other patrons to buy him a drink. Chuck Morello says that he will marry Cora tomorrow.  Larry Slade is a former syndicalist-anarchist who looks pityingly on the rest. Don Parritt is a former anarchist who shows up later in the play to talk about his mother (Larry's ex-girlfriend) to Larry; specifically her arrest due to her involvement in the anarchist movement.

Paragraph 21: In 1997, the television show 20/20 featured an exposé on hazing in the sorority system that included a hazing by three members of Kappa Kappa Gamma at DePauw University in Greenpaw, Indiana, and a local sorority Lambda Delta Sigma at Concordia College in Saint Paul, Minnesota. The three members of Kappa Kappa Gamma, on November 6, 1997, were accused of branding three pledges with cigarettes in a family hazing rite after a night of heavy drinking. After being burned, the pledges were encouraged to streak across campus and to grovel for cigarettes at a fraternity house. The result was severe enough to send one of the pledges to the hospital with minor burn injuries. The discovery of the incident caused investigations by the sorority and campus to be launched. The members who were involved with the incident were not charged by the state of Indiana with criminal recklessness under the hazing statute, as had been reported. They did, however, face a possible trial for alcohol possession but due to difficulty proving who provided the alcohol, the members were given community service instead. DePauw's reaction to the hazing for the chapter was to put the chapter on social probation until Fall 1999 and cut its pledge class in half for two years. The thirteen members who had either been involved with the incident or had known about it were given one-semester suspensions and social probation for their participation, and were voted by their chapter to retain membership within the chapter.

Paragraph 22: In England, the common law of private international law applies the lex fori or encores any provision of the lex causae if the area of penal, even, and other public laws. This is a matter of justiciability, and not merely jurisdiction. That is to say, not only does the English court hold that it has no jurisdiction in the matter, it is unable to hear matters relating to penal, revenue, or other public laws as the recognition of foreign states is one of statecraft and is a power retained by the sovereign, not with the courts. The reasoning of the court in Australia through the spycatcher case was that complying with friendly foreign government decisions placed the courts in difficult positions in the future to determine matters which derived from the sovereign. This was confirmed in the UK through The Barakat Galleries v Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran. The identification of foreign penal laws or foreign revenge law is relatively straight forward, a foreign penal law is a law which imposes a fine and is paid to the state. English law considers this lex fori. Payment to a private individual is unlikely to be considered penal, even if the payment is seen as a penalty or deterrent. By contrast, a revenue law is one which a party cannot opt out of, enforcement cannot be by action in the English courts. The English courts determine a foreign revenue law on the ground that a party may receive a hand back as evidence that the obligation to pay the state is not a foreign revenue law. The third category of 'other public laws' is traditionally one which relate to a claim in action in which only a state can claim, such as tort damages and costs of quashing a rebellion/revolution. Any claim which is founded on a right which is uniquely governmental will not be adjudicated.

Paragraph 23: Record companies put forth huge sums of money to produce, release, and promote an album. Recording time, manufacturing, packaging, photos, distribution, marketing, and music videos are just some of the areas where the label must spend money on an act it has signed. The label usually absorbs these expenses, but in some artists' contracts, some of this money may be due back to the label, unless otherwise worded. Advances (upfront money that is paid directly to a recording artist) are normally always owed back to the label. Once (and if) the advance has been paid back from record sales, the artist then begins to see royalty payments for additional sales. Advancing an act money is a risk the label endures as it does not know how well the act's album will sell. Capitol Records suspended Linda Ronstadt's contract in the early 1970s, as Capitol had spent more money on Ronstadt then it had yielded. She continued to tour partly to pay Capitol back for her 1960s deal, and a string of hits in the mid-1970s allowed her to finally clear the debt. Record companies expect to make a profit, and little concern themselves with a given performer's lack of business or financial savvy, as artists such as George Michael have discovered. "Walking out" on a deal is very difficult or nearly impossible, as is attempting to strike a new deal without completing an old one. Donna Summer signed a new deal with Geffen Records in 1980, and released an album on Geffen. She was then told by her previous label, Polygram Records, that she owed them another album, per her agreement. She recorded and delivered an album to Polygram that the label released, and it became a hit. Summer then went back to recording for Geffen Records for her next project. The Mamas & the Papas were forced into a reunion, years after their 1968 breakup, by the letter of their Dunhill Records contract, which required one more album to be completed -which became 1971's People Like Us.

Paragraph 24: All parts of the plant have a strong garlic odour. The underground bulb is 1–2 cm diameter, with a fibrous outer layer. The main stem grows to 30–120 cm tall, bearing 2–4 leaves and an apical inflorescence 2–5 cm diameter comprising a number of small bulbils and none to a few flowers, subtended by a basal bract. The leaves are slender hollow tubes, 15–60 cm long and 2–4 mm thick, waxy texture, with a groove along the side of the leaf facing the stem. The inflorescence is a tight umbel surrounded by a membranous bract in bud which withers when the flowers open. Each individual flower is stalked and has a pinkish-green perianth  long. There are six tepals, six stamens and a pistil formed from three fused carpels. Mixed with the flowers are several yellowish-brown bulbils. The fruit is a capsule but the seeds seldom set and propagation usually takes place when the bulbils are knocked off and grow into new plants. Plants with no flowers, only bulbils, are sometimes distinguished as the variety Allium vineale var. compactum, but this character is probably not taxonomically significant.

Paragraph 25: Unnimaya (Mohini), a young girl is married to Palakunnath Namboothiri (Jagannatha Varma), a man in his sixties. She is his fourth wife. Unnimaya is an educated girl hailing from Kizhakkedath Mana, a progressive family in Kerala. Due to various social and economic factors, she is compelled to marry Palakunnath Namboothiri, a rich gentleman. Coming from a progressive household, Unnimaya finds it hard to adjust with the severe orthodox practices at her new home. The sudden death of her husband brings her face-to-face with the customary rituals practiced among Namboothiri community towards widowed women. She realizes that her widowhood makes her almost a shunned individual - one who cannot participate in any celebrations, or even attend any music/dance events or performances. Kunjunni Namboothiri (Manoj K. Jayan), the elder son of Palakkunath, is the only person who shows compassion and support towards her. Kunjunni is actively involved in reformation among the Namboothiris and is considered as a rebel among the orthodox community. Unnimaya meets Madhavan (Vineeth), an upcoming Kathakali artist, and falls in love with him. They share some intimate moments, and later Unnimaya realizes that she is pregnant. The orthodox Namboothiri community is shocked when it learns about her pregnancy and decides to excommunicate her through Smarthavicharam. A group of senior Namboothiris, under the leadership of Moothedath Bhattathiri (Thilakan), conducts a series of rituals, first to extract the name of the one who impregnated her, and then later, to throw her out of the community. Unnimaya expects Madhavan to come save her, but he is unable to muster the courage to rescue her. Realizing that he is a coward and that she cannot expect him to deliver her out of the situation, Unnimaya decides to stand up to the orthodox Namboothiris. She answers their questions with clarity and confidence, angering them further. Ultimately, the decision is made to excommunicate her, and all the necessary rituals are completed. Kunjunni arrives as her savior. He gives her shelter at his home. The progressive Yogakshema Sabha, that he is part of, finds his ways too bohemian and dismisses him from the group. Madhavan, realizing his mistake, arrives to accept Unnimaya, but now she shows him the door declaring that he is not the father of her unborn child and that the fathers are Arjuna, Bhima, Nala (the heroic characters performed by Madhavan as part of his dance performances). Unnimaya involves herself in social service and becomes a Congress volunteer deciding to do something for the downtrodden society.

Paragraph 26: Featuring Christopher Eccleston and David Tennant as The Doctor. This fortnightly magazine and trading card game partwork from GE Fabbri lasted over four years, with five sets of cards being released within that time. The first set, "Exterminator", featured 275 cards including characters from both the first and second series, as well as the 2005 Christmas special. The second set, "Annihilator", included 100 cards featuring characters from the second series and the 2006 Christmas special. The third set, "Invader", included 225 cards featuring characters from the third series. The fourth set, "Ultimate Monsters", included 225 cards and was the first set to venture back into Classic Who, featuring monsters and villains featured with all ten doctors. The fifth and final set, "Devestator", included 250 cards featuring characters from the 2007 Christmas special and the fourth series. In addition to these 1075 cards, a further 31 cards were produced – an exclusive 18 card "Daleks vs. Cybermen" mini-set, issued with issue 18; an exclusive 10 card "Sarah Jane Adventures" mini-set, issued with issue #62; the 'Dalek Blaster' bonus card, issued with the Invader launch issue; the 'Psychic Paper' bonus card, issued with the very first issue; and 'Super Rose', the ultimate "Gold" card, found in only 1 in every 1000 packs of cards.

Paragraph 27: In late 1983, Party Secretary of Shenzhen Mayor Liang Xiang led a team to Singapore to study its mass transit system. Upon returning it was decided that  on each side of Shennan Avenue should be protected as a green belt, and to set aside a  wide median reserved for a light rail or light metro line. In 1984, the "Shenzhen Special Economic Zone Master Plan (1985–2000)" pointed out that, with the growing population and traffic in Shenzhen, a light metro system would not have sufficient capacity to meet future demand. Instead the report proposed a heavy rail subway line to be built along Shennan Avenue. The project was finally approved by the Central Planning Department in 1992.

Paragraph 28: After the Civil War, the area began to grow as coal production escalated in the state of West Virginia and abundant water made the generation of power inexpensive.  In the early part of the 1900s, a dam was constructed across the river from Glen Ferris.  Trains operated on both sides of the river, carrying passengers as well as coal.  In 1917, Union Carbide purchased a small hydro electrice plant in Glen Ferris, the brick remains of which can still be seen on the edge of the Kanawha River and which is being presently renovated.   While continuing to operate this small plant, in 1929-30, Carbide built a much larger ferro-alloys plant at Alloy, a few miles downriver from Glen Ferris, which, at that time, was the world's largest ferro-alloys plant, employing some 2800 people, during its heyday from the time of its construction through the early 1960s. In order to generate power for the larger plant by diverting water from the New River, the company had a 3-mile long tunnel built through the mountain at Hawks Nest. The rock through which the tunnel was built consisted of 98% pure silica and caused acute silica poisoning among hundreds of unprotected workers, many of whom died.  Many who died were buried close by in mass graves on the property which is now the Hawks Nest Country Club.  At the time, the nearby town of Gauley Bridge became known as "the town of the walking dead".  The disaster became the focus of Congressional hearings in Washington, D.C., in the mid-thirties, and acute silicosis was identified as an occupational illness for the first time.  The town of Glen Ferris followed the pattern already set by mine companies in the area.  Union Carbide built a majority of the homes in Glen Ferris, as well as in other towns in the Upper Kanawha Valley and leased them to workers and their families.  During its heyday, Union Carbide also provided a recreation hall in the upper end of the village.  A post office/general store, an elementary school, a tennis court, a bowling alley, and a playground also served the residents.  After the 1950s, as plant production declined, Union Carbide began to sell the houses to their occupants.  In the 1970s, several homes were constructed on the mountainside above Glen Ferris in the north end of town; these would be Glen Ferris' largest homes and lead to its continued development as a place where people chose to live, primarily for its scenic views and in contrast to surrounding towns along Route 60.  In recent years, several even larger homes have been built on the northern edge of Glen Ferris, close to Gauley Bridge.  The elementary school was closed in 1961; the apostolic church stands there now. Nearby whitewater rafting on the New River Gorge has brought many tourists to the town.

Paragraph 29: Deoli Fish Farm, (15 km from New Bilaspur township towards Mandi just below the Shimla-Mandi Road). Comprising 4.4 hectares comes in existence 1962. It consists of two big brood stock tanks and 14 nursery ponds. The total outlay on setting up this hatchery was 3.68 lacks. In beginning the farms activities were limited to meet the seed stocking requirements of Gobind Sagar reservoir, but its targets were increased year to year and research, training, technique and demonstration brought under the farm programmed. During 1978 fish species being record at the farm were demonstrated to the people by constructing a small aquarium. During 1989 a training center and Hostel were constructed within the farm premises so that training course be imparted to the departmental personnel and interested fish farmers. Now training camps are being conducted with modern fish breeding and culture technique training are imparted. This farm has not only historic importance but is can be known as a center breeding excellent training in fish culture and research programmed. Keeping in view the commendable work done in the field of breeding, the Punjab University extended its recognition for undertaking research work at this farm. The Deoli fish farm has played a major role in breeding fish population in Gobind Sagar reservoir, income of the reservoir fishermen and their lives prosperous. For the first time Silver Carp fish was stocked in Gobind Sagar reservoir from Deoli farm. Every year 30-40 lacks mirror carp fingerlings are being produced at the farm and these are stocked in Gobind Sagar reservoir and other water bodies in the State and distributed to the private fish farms. Due to regular stocking in Gobind Sagar reservoir for the last decade at has a unique capacity of fish production per hectare in the country and this credit goes to Deoli farm. The scientists of ICAR and State Fisheries Department initiated a joint research project viz. 'Genetic Rejuvenation of Fish Stock in HP'. The 'Bio-Science Department' started this project entire funded about 18.00 lacks. A quality strain of fish is being reared under this project and distributed to the fish farmers. Under this technique demonstration programme a new scheme namely 'Fish Culture in Running Water' was introduced for the first time at the farm. This scheme was observed suitable especially in high altitude of Himachal Pradesh on the basis of success of this technique the Govt of India incorporated this scheme under the Centrally Sponsored Fish Farmers' Development Agency subsidy programme. The NABARD Bank has also approved this scheme namely 'Fish Culture in Running Water' which resulted in setting up of about 1000 units in the State. In recent years sport fisheries is fostering in the Gobind Sagar reservoir which clearly indicates vast potential of attracting tourists. The Deptt regularly organizes angling completions every year. In Gobind Sagar and Mahseer fish which is an important fish of this reservoir. As the breeding of Mahseer fish is not an easy job hence the Punjab University and State Fisheries Department jointly prepared a project of Rs. 19.00 lacks it was got approved from ICAR. Present hatchery set up at the Deoli farm has been constructed under this scheme. Under this scheme matured Mahseer fish would be brought from his habitat and bred in comfortable situation.

Paragraph 30: Baum described The Sexual Brain as engaging and readable, and ideal for educated laypeople. However, he criticized LeVay for being unaware of some relevant research, and making a number of factual errors, such as that orgasm is caused by the neurotransmitter oxytocin, that female rats fail to display maternal behavior after hypophysectomy, that lesions of the ventromedial nucleus of the hypothalamus reduce presentational behavior displayed by female monkeys, that antiandrogenic drugs block the masculinization of the sexually dimorphic subdivision of the medial preoptic area in male rats, and that vaginal olfactory cues are the primary determinants of masculine sexual arousal in male primates. Publishers Weekly described the book as an "expert, drily written, often technical account of the biological basis of human sexual behavior and orientation" and predicted that it would be equally as controversial as LeVay's "1991 Science article describing a difference in the hypothalamic brain structure of homosexual and heterosexual men."The Sexual Brain has been criticized by authors such as the queer theorist Robert McRuer, the philosopher Timothy F. Murphy, the biologist Steven Rose, the classicist Bruce Thornton, the psychiatrist and medical historian Vernon Rosario, and the philosopher Edward Stein. McRuer compared The Sexual Brain to the political scientist Charles Murray and the psychologist Richard Herrnstein's The Bell Curve (1994), arguing that just as Murray and Herrnstein presented inequality as inevitable rather than the consequence of economic institutions that could be changed, LeVay failed to question the institution of heterosexuality. Murphy maintained that LeVay failed to show conclusively that the differences in brain structure he found between gay men and straight men were not due to AIDS. Rose criticized the publicity that surrounded the publication of The Sexual Brain, arguing that LeVay over-stated the importance of his findings, behavior which Rose considered similar to that of researchers such as the geneticist Dean Hamer. Rose noted that the sexual orientation of the men in LeVay's hypothalamus study was presumed rather than demonstrated. Thornton questioned the value of LeVay's work, writing that while LeVay asserted that the future would bring progress in understanding the development of sexuality, it was uncertain what good such knowledge would accomplish. Rosario accused LeVay of biological determinism and reductionism. Stein criticized LeVay for failing to discuss social constructionism, despite its relevance to his topic.Kirkus Reviews wrote in 2010 that The Sexual Brain was "well received, but soon out of date" because of subsequent scientific research.