Paragraph 1: The band released 3 vinyl-only EP's on the label through 2000, the self-titled debut in February, second "Bookends" in August and third "Montevideo" in November. They released debut album, If You Happy with You Need Do Nothing in March 2001. Explaining the origin of album title, Gorton revealed that "It actually comes from when I was in my old flat and my dentist had changed hands, and I had this Asian dentist who wrote a letter in pidgin English saying 'oh I'm gonna be your new dentist now, if you wanna use your old dentist you have to do this, but if you happy with you need do nothing' and it was in brackets and it was like 'Wow.' So we kept that because it suits what we do". Although the album is technically a compilation of the previous EPs plus new songs Umlaut and 2 Up 2 Down, it is largely considered to be the band's debut and was promoted as such. The band had wanted to record the album afresh, but as Twisted Nerve were unwilling to finance studio time the band were forced to use the existing recordings. In September 2001, the band released a newly recorded version of You Make No Bones as a single. In December 2001, the band were forced to pull out of a gig in Glasgow after guitarist Ian Smith was electrocuted during the soundcheck after he touched a microphone whilst some equipment had reportedly short circuited. He was treated as a local hospital for shock and burns to his hands.

Paragraph 2: The EMC AB6 was a type of diesel locomotive built exclusively for the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad (the "Rock Island Line") by General Motors' Electro-Motive Corporation and delivered in June 1940. Two examples were built, numbered #750 and #751.  They were built for the Rocky Mountain Rocket   passenger train, which travelled as a unified train from Chicago, Illinois, to Limon, Colorado, which then divided. One section went to Colorado Springs, Colorado, and the other to Denver, Colorado. The Rock Island desired a locomotive that could look like an integrated part of the train during the Chicago-Limon portion of the route, and could then be operated independently to take three cars to Colorado Springs.  A regular, cab-equipped A-unit could have been purchased, but that would have ruined the streamlined look of the train, so the RI had EMC build a flat-fronted locomotive based on an E-series E6B (B unit) but with an operating cab, headlight, pilot, and other features to enable it to operate as an independent locomotive.

Paragraph 3: Airman First Class Pitsenbarger distinguished himself by extreme valor on April 11, 1966 near Cam My, Republic of Vietnam, while assigned as a Pararescue Crew Member, Detachment 6, 38th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron. On that date, Airman Pitsenbarger was aboard a rescue helicopter responding to a call for evacuation of casualties incurred in an on-going firefight between elements of the United States Army's 1st Infantry Division and a sizable enemy force approximately 35 miles east of Saigon. With complete disregard for personal safety, Airman Pitsenbarger volunteered to ride a hoist more than one hundred feet through the jungle, to the ground. On the ground, he organized and coordinated rescue efforts, cared for the wounded, prepared casualties for evacuation, and insured that the recovery operation continued in a smooth and orderly fashion. Through his personal efforts, the evacuation of the wounded was greatly expedited. As each of the nine casualties evacuated that day were recovered, Pitsenbarger refused evacuation in order to get one more wounded soldier to safety. After several pick-ups, one of the two rescue helicopters involved in the evacuation was struck by heavy enemy ground fire and was forced to leave the scene for an emergency landing. Airman Pitsenbarger stayed behind, on the ground, to perform medical duties. Shortly thereafter, the area came under sniper and mortar fire. During a subsequent attempt to evacuate the site, American forces came under heavy assault by a large Viet Cong force. When the enemy launched the assault, the evacuation was called off and Airman Pitsenbarger took up arms with the besieged infantrymen. He courageously resisted the enemy, braving intense gunfire to gather and distribute vital ammunition to American defenders. As the battle raged on, he repeatedly exposed himself to enemy fire to care for the wounded, pull them out of the line of fire, and return fire whenever he could, during which time, he was wounded three times. Despite his wounds, he valiantly fought on, simultaneously treating as many wounded as possible. In the vicious fighting which followed, the American forces suffered 80 percent casualties as their perimeter was breached, and airman Pitsenbarger was finally fatally wounded. Airman Pitsenbarger exposed himself to almost certain death by staying on the ground, and perished while saving the lives of wounded infantrymen. His bravery and determination exemplify the highest professional standards and traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Air Force.

Paragraph 4: The opening of the Protestant German Basel Mission of 1834 in Mangalore brought many handicraft and tile-manufacturing industries to the region and led to a large-scale rise in employment. In 1836–7, when the political situation in Portugal was in turmoil, Antonio Feliciano de Santa Rita Carvalho, a Portuguese priest, was appointed Archbishop-elect of Goa in September 1836 without authorization from the Pope. Many Mangalorean Catholics did not accept the leadership of Carvalho but instead submitted to the Vicar Apostolic of Verapoly in Travancore, while some of them continued to be under the jurisdiction of Goa. The parishes in South Canara were divided into two groups — one under Goa and the other under Verapoly. Under the leadership of Joachim Pius Noronha, a Mangalorean Catholic priest, and John Joseph Saldanha, a Mangalorean Catholic judge, the Mangalorean Catholics sent a petition to the Holy See in 1840 to establish Mangalore as a separate Vicariate to ward off the differences. Conceding to their request, Pope Gregory XVI established Mangalore as a separate Vicariate on 17 February 1845 under the Verapoly Carmelites. The Mangalore Mission was then transferred to the French Carmelites by a Bull dated 3 January 1870. During the regime of Carmelites, the Mangalorean Catholics constantly sent memorandums to the Holy See to send Jesuits to Mangalore to start institutions for higher education, since the youth frequently had to go to Bombay and Madras for educational purposes. The Roman Catholic Church studied the situation and Pope Leo XIII by the Brief of 27 September 1878 handed over the Mangalore mission to the Italian Jesuit of Naples, who reached Mangalore on 31 December 1878. The Italian Jesuits played an important role in education, health, and social welfare of the community and built the St. Aloysius College in 1880, St Aloysius Chapel in 1884, and many other institutions and churches. On 25 January 1887, Pope Leo XIII established the Diocese of Mangalore, which is considered to be an important landmark in the community's history. In 1901, Mangalorean Catholics accounted for 76,000 of the total 84,103 Christians in South Canara., while in 1962, they numbered 186,741. During the mid-nineteenth century, Bishop Victor R. Fernandes, a Mangalorean Catholic priest, erected a large cross at former outskirts of Mangalore in Nanthoor near Padav hills to honour the memory of Mangalorean Catholic martyrs who died on the march and during their 15-year captivity at Seringapatam. During the later 20th century, they started migrating to other parts of India, especially Bombay and Bangalore.  Till 1930 it was boom time when 

Paragraph 5: Nagapasham: is the celestial weapon equal to Nagastra".Garudastra:The eagle weapon to counter against the Nagastra.Anjalikastra: The personal weapon of Indra. This is the astra used by Arjuna to killed Karna in the Mahabharata war. Ramabanam (Ramastra): Created by Ram, and was used to kill the Ravana in Ramayana. It cannot be countered by any weapon and could not be stopped by anyone except Rama.Bhargavastra: Created by Parahsurama, he gave it to his disciple Karna.It was used by  Karna in the kurukshetra war.This weapon killed 1 akshoni of the Pandava army and was considered unstoppable by any means. In mahabharata only parashurama and Karna possessed knowledge of this weapon.Parvatastra: one of the most dangerous weapon, once it used mountains from sky fall in to the earth.Vasavi Shakti: The magical dart weapon of Indra, unfailing at executing its target. Indra granted it to Karna during the Kurukshetra war, in Mahabharata it was used by karna to kill Ghatotkacha.Vajra: The thunderbolt weapon of Indra, who is the God of thunder and lightning, akin to Zeus and Jupiter., In, the Rigveda, it is stated that it was fashioned by Tvashtar. In the Puranas, the vajra stated to be made from the bones of sage Dadhichi. In all versions, it was used by Indra to slay serpent called Vritra. In the Mahabharata, Indra gave the Vajra to his son Arjuna. Apart from Indra, only Arjuna possessed it.Agneyastra: The fire weapon, created by Agni, god of fireVarunastra: The water weapon, created by Varuna, god of the oceansVayavastra: The wind weapon, created by VayuSamvarta: Weapon belonging to Yama used by Bharata to annihilate thirty million Gandharvas in a moment, tearing them to pieces.Sammohanastra: Would cause entire hosts/armies to collapse in a trance. It was used in the Mahabharata by Arjuna the entire army of Hastinapur. Twashtastra: When used against a group of opponents (such as an army), would cause them to mistake each other for enemies and fight each other.Suryastra: Create a dazzling light that would dispel any darkness about and dry up water bodies. Arjuna had this weapon and used against Shakuni on 12th day of war. Sabda-vedi astra: This weapon prevents an opponent from turning invisible. Used by Arjuna against the Gandharva king Chitrasena.Gandharvastra: Created by Gandharva King Chitrasena. He gave it to Arjuna.Mayastra: Dispel any form of maya or sorcery in the vicinity. It was possessed by Arjuna.Manavastra: Created by Manu, it could overcome supernatural protections and carry the target hundreds of miles away. Can inspire humane traits in an evil being. This weapon was used by Rama on Maricha.Bhaumastra: Created by Goddess Bhumi Devi, the weapon could create tunnels deep into the earth and summon jewels.Indrastra'': Created by the God Indra, it would bring about a 'shower' of arrows from the sky.

Paragraph 6: From 1778 to 1788 he was educated at the Hohe Karlsschule in Stuttgart where he trained as a painter. He then attended the Académie des Beaux-Arts (1789–1790) in Paris and studied architecture in Rome (1791–1797). After returning to Stuttgart, he worked for the court in Württemberg as a designer-draughtsman and decorative painter. An early architectural project was the Gothic Revival church of Hohenheim (1797; re-erected 1803 at Monrepos, Ludwigsburg; ruin since the 1940s. With the assistance of Goethe, whom he met in Stuttgart in 1797, Thouret was commissioned to design the décor of the Schloss in Weimar and to renovate the court theatre there (1798–1800). On his return to Stuttgart, Thouret was appointed court architect to Frederick II, Duke of Württemberg (1754–1816), in 1799. He undertook numerous building projects, nearly all in the Neo-classical style, in Stuttgart and Ludwigsburg where the dukes had their official residences; these schemes took account of the increasing need for prestigious buildings in Württemberg, following its elevation in 1806 to the Status of a kingdom, with the Duke becoming its first king. As well as renovations to the royal palaces, designs for park furniture and ephemeral festival constructions, several theatre projects were entrusted to Thouret, and he also produced furniture designs for the interior decoration of the palaces. In addition to his work for the Court, Thouret designed many private buildings, especially in Stuttgart (e.g., Wohnhaus Erbe, Königstrasse, 1806; Wohnhaus Kohl, Friedrichstrasse, 1817). After the death of the King in 1816, Thouret was dismissed in 1817 from his post as court architect. He was appointed Professor of architecture, but because of delays in the proposed establishment of a professional academy his potential as a teacher of architecture was never developed. Instead, he continued to be given design commissions and was involved in almost all the foremost architectural projects undertaken in Stuttgart to the 1830s (e.g., Katharinenhospital, 1827; Hoftheater, 1833). Among the few Works by Thouret that have been preserved are his schemes for the interior decoration of Weimar Palace (begun 1789) and Ludwigsburg Palace (begun 1805), the theatre (1812) at Ludwigsburg Palace, the assembly hall and pump room (begun 1825) in Bad Cannstatt and the Eberhard baths (begun 1838) in Wildbad.

Paragraph 7: Born Pierre Jules Louis Laudenbach, he was encouraged by his uncle, actor Claude Garry, to pursue a career in theater and film. He joined the company at what later was the Théatre de Paris, only to shortly after at the Conservatoire, becoming a pensionnaire of the Comédie-Française in early 1915, returning to it after three years military service in 1919. Before his departure from the Comédie-Française in 1926 Fresnay had played 80 parts in Paris, excelling especially in the works of Alfred de Musset. After playing small roles, in 1915 he was engaged as a pensionnaire without taking an audition at the Comédie-Française, moving up to Mario in Le Jeu de l'amour et du hasard and the title role in Britannicus. After the armistice he appeared as Clitandre in Les Femmes savantes, as well as other juvenile leads. These included Perdican (On ne badine pas avec l'amour by Musset), Valentin (Il ne faut jurer de rien by Musset, which he also directed), Fortunio (Le Chandelier by Musset). Alongside contemporary creations, his Comédie-Française career continued with Chatterton (Vigny), becoming a valued member of the troupe due to his intelligent acting, the flexibility of his talent, and quality of his diction ("l'intelligence de son jeu, la souplesse de son talent et l'excellence de sa diction"). Upon leaving the Comédie-Française his stage work was found at the Variétés in Guitry plays, then as Marius in the Pagnol trilogy.

Paragraph 8: The history of this portion of the Upper Mississippi River dates back to an origin "as an ice-marginal stream during what had been referred to as the “Nebraskan glaciation.”" Current terminology would place this outdated and abandoned period in the Pre-Illinoian Stage. The level of erosion often exposes Cambrian limestone of about 510 million years of age.  Evidence from soil borings and recent Lidar imagery in the lower Wisconsin River valley in the Driftless area suggests that the river in the valley used to flow towards the east, rather than its present westerly course towards its confluence with the Mississippi River. This has led to the new hypothesis that the ancient Upper Mississippi River (also named the Wyalusing River) at one time flowed east through the current Wisconsin River valley and into the Great Lakes/Saint Laurence River system somewhere near the Door Peninsula. The hypothesis posits that the flow of the ancient Wyalusing River was ultimately captured by the ancestral Mississippi River to the south when that river eroded through the Military Ridge near Wyalusing State Park, possibly as a result of an ancient ice sheet in a previous continental glaciation blocking the Wyalusing River to the east.  The resulting Proglacial lake would have filled the Wyalusing River valley until it overtopped the Military Ridge, ultimately carving through the ridge and draining the lake. This resulted in the ancient Upper Mississippi River changing course and flowing south towards the Gulf of Mexico, as it does currently, instead of east into the Saint Lawrence River and the North Atlantic Ocean.  The Stream capture hypothesis for the Upper Mississippi River would have produced a substantial diversion of water from the Great Lakes Basin and the Saint Lawrence River, reducing the inflow of fresh water into the North Atlantic with possible impacts to Ocean currents and Climate.

Paragraph 9: At the age of sixteen, he became involved in a scheme to kidnap Princess Garnet XVII of Alexandria, organized by Regent Cid in order to distance the princess from her increasingly war-like adoptive mother, Queen Brahne. Zidane first encounters Garnet when she tries to sneak out of the palace, and, at her request, promises to do his best to kidnap her. He takes an instant liking to the princess and does not hesitate to flirt with her throughout the game. Zidane naturally adopts his role as party leader, and his personality draws many characters in the game. Near the end of the game, the player learns that Zidane is a Genome, created by Garland on the planet Terra to replace Kuja as a more powerful "Angel of Death". Jealous of his successor, Kuja cast Zidane down to Gaia, where he is found and adopted by Baku and his group of thieves, Tantalus. At the end of the game, after the party is rescued from the Iifa Tree by Kuja, Zidane chooses to go back inside the frenzied tree to save his archrival, and is pursued by its tendrils. For nearly a year it is believed that he did not survive, but makes a dramatic reappearance on stage in Alexandria in the epilogue. In addition to his original appearance, Zidane is the hero representing Final Fantasy IX in Dissidia Final Fantasy. Along with the entire cast, Zidane reappears in the prequel Dissidia 012. He also appears in Itadaki Street Portable as a playable character. He is also featured in the rhythm game Theatrhythm Final Fantasy as the main character representing Final Fantasy IX. Zidane was featured amongst three other protagonists of the video game Dissidia Final Fantasy as figurines, including Cloud Strife, Squall Leonhart, and Tidus to celebrate the series' 20th anniversary.

Paragraph 10: The religion arrived in the area during the end of the era of the Bechuanaland Protectorate, the predecessor colonial country, under the Union of South Africa.  In 1953 Shoghi Effendi, head of the religion after the death of ʻAbdu'l-Bahá, planned an international teaching plan termed the Ten Year Crusade.  During the plan pioneers moved to many countries including Botswana from places. This was during a period of wide scale growth in the religion across Sub-Saharan Africa near the end of the period of Colonisation of Africa. The goal of establishing a Baháʼí presence in Bechuanaland was assigned to the National Assembly of Iran then still in operation. However, by November 1953 recent arrivals the Johnsons from America then in South Africa saw the arrival of John and Audrey Robarts and son Patrick and daughter Nina from Canada who were assisted in reaching Mafeking (then in Bechuanaland) as Baháʼí pioneers where they arrived by October 1954 and were recognized as the first Baháʼís to the country earning the title Knight of Baháʼu'lláh from the then head of the Faith, Shoghi Effendi. By 1963 there were two assemblies; seven groups, and one isolated member. The Robarts had joined the religion in 1938 and when the first National Spiritual Assembly of Canada was formed in 1948, John was elected chairman, a post he held until 1953 when they moved. In 1954 Hand of the Cause, Musa Banani appointed John as an Auxiliary Board Member and the family went on Baháʼí pilgrimage. In 2005 Lally Warren recalled that as a young child in Mafikeng it had been unusual to meet white people who were pleasant to her so she believed that all white people were bad. That changed when she met the Robarts family. "The Robarts didn't treat me like a black child, they treated me as a child," she said. She recalled when she was 10 and the Robarts family came to her house for meetings with her parents, James and Stella Moncho, the first local couple to become Baháʼís, "They could only do this at night, and as they came towards the house they would switch their [car] lights on and off to say, 'Is it ok, is it safe, can we come?'…There was no electricity in the black area during those days so my mother would take a lantern and stick it out through the window and wave it to say, 'OK, it's safe for you to come.'"

Paragraph 11: Wright started his career at the academies of Saprissa, where in 1992 he was promoted to the first team. He moved abroad to play for Comunicaciones in Guatemala, where he played alongside compatriots Rolando Fonseca, Floyd Guthrie and Jéwisson Bennett. He then played three seasons (1999–2001) in Major League Soccer, split between the San Jose Clash (later Earthquakes) and the New England Revolution, alongside William Sunsing. He scored six goals and added three assists in MLS league play. Wright has also had a brief spell at Herediano. His performances in the World Cup in the summer of 2002 attracted the people of AEK Athens who signed him immediately after alongside his compatriot, Walter Centeno. He performed very well, while also playing in the UEFA Champions League scoring the winner against APOEL on the qualifiers on 28 August 2002. His contract with the club had a duration of 3 years, however he files an appeal and was released after some issues with the administration about his salary. He also had a short stint in China with Shenyang Ginde. With Saprissa, he has won three national championships and two CONCACAF Champions Cup, and returned to the team to play his last season as a professional, accomplishing his dream of retiring as a 'morado'.

Paragraph 12: The main event match between the Mexican team and the Japanese La Fiebre Amarilla started out with the tecnico side showing a bit of unity as Stuka Jr. wore a mask that was a combination of his own and the mask style Rey Cometa had worn until September, 2012. Namajague also wore a mask created specifically for the occasion, featuring long, bright red hair attached to his mask. Okumura and Namajague sought to get an easy advantage by jumping their opponents before the bell, but based on the two teams previous history Stuka Jr. and Rey Cometa were prepared for it and took control of the match for the early parts of the match. After several minutes of being on the defensive La Fievre Amarilla double teamed their way into control of the match and won the first fall of the match. The rudo duo continued to dominate throughout most of the second fall, but this time the Mexican team was able to overcome this and even the match with one fall to each team. Initially the crowd was quiet for the match, but by the end of the second fall the Mexico City fans were solidly cheering "Mexico" to support the home team. At one point a mistake between Stuka Jr. and Rey Cometa saw the team almost fight each other, each thinking the other one intentionally knocked them down. After a few moments cooler heads prevailed and Stuka Jr. and Rey Cometa turned their attention back towards their Japanese rivals for the third and final fall. In the third fall Stuka Jr. pinned Okumura to eliminate him from the match, while he himself being pinned by Namajague only moments later. This left Namajague and Rey Cometa in the ring, with the next elimination deciding which side lost the match. After several moments of high flying, fast-paced wrestling Rey Cometa was able to execute a 450 degree splash off the top rope to Namajague for the final elimination. The crowd showed their appreciation for the performance of both Mexicans, cheering them on as brightly colored confetti dropped from the ceiling covering the defeated Okumura and Namajague. While Stuka Jr. and Rey Cometa celebrated Okumura had all his hair shaved off while sitting in the middle of the ring, paying off on the "bet" he placed on the match. Subsequently, Namajague removed his wrestling mask to show the audience his face and announced that his name was Kyosuke Mikami, 29 years old and five years as a professional wrestler to close the show.

Paragraph 13: Receiving no reply to her note, which Wayland had lost, Amy found her way the next morning to a grotto in the gardens, where she was discovered by Elizabeth, who had just told her host that "she must be the wife and mother of England alone." Falling on her knees the countess besought protection against Varney, who she declared was not her husband, and added that the Earl of Leicester knew all. The earl was instantly summoned to the royal presence, and would have been committed to the Tower, had not Amy recalled her words, when she was consigned to Lord Hunsdon's care as bereft of her reason, Varney coming forward and pretending that she had just escaped from a special treatment for her madness. Leicester insisted on an interview with her, when she implored him to confess their marriage to Elizabeth, and then, with a broken heart, told him that she would not long darken his brighter prospects. Varney, however, succeeded in persuading him that Amy had acted in connivance with Tressilian, and in obtaining medical sanction for her custody as mentally disordered, asking only for the earl's signet-ring as his authority. The next day a duel between Tressilian and the earl was interrupted by Dickie, who produced the countess's note, and, convinced of her innocence, Leicester confessed that she was his wife. With the queen's permission he at once deputed his rival and Sir Walter Raleigh to proceed to Cumnor, whither he had already despatched Lambourne, to stay his squire's further proceedings.

Paragraph 14: The central panel of the Portinari Triptych depicts the central Christian myths concerning the birth of the Christian saviour god: the nativity of Jesus, the adoration of the shepherds and the annunciation to the shepherds (in the far right background). Many interpretations of the iconography of the altarpiece have been proposed.  The composition emphasizes the devotion to the Eucharist and the passion of Christ.  The Eucharist is represented through the angels wearing liturgical vestments and the visual analogy of the sheaf of wheat with the body of Christ.  The Passion is represented in the somber expressions of the figures and in the prominently placed flower still life in the foreground, which includes flowers such as a scarlet lily, white and purple irises and carnations.  One of the containers in which the flowers are placed is of the albarello type. Albarelli were used as medicinal jars designed to hold apothecaries' ointments and dry drugs and thus reference in the picture the hospital setting (i.e. the hospital of Santa Maria Nuova) in which the altarpiece was to be displayed. Some of the flowers in the flower still life were in the Renaissance also used for medicinal purposes and thus also reference the hospital setting.  These references to medicinal powers also allude to the miraculous birth of Jesus, which, according to Christian literature, happened without the usual birth pains.  The birth of Jesus itself is also supposed to have healing powers by delivering mankind from the so-called original sin, the Christian doctrine of humanity's state of sin, which resulted from the fall of man.

Paragraph 15: After a forcing Alabama to a three-and-out on their opening drive Florida struck first moving 59 yards while never facing a third-down to take a 7-0 lead on a 3-yard touchdown pass from Tim Tebow to Carl Moore. Alabama responded with a touchdown "drive" of their own. On the first play, quarterback John Parker Wilson connecting on a 64-yard bomb to superstar freshman receiver Julio Jones. On the very next play Glenn Coffee burst through for an 18-yard touchdown run. After a Florida three-and-out Alabama took its first lead at 10-7 with a 30-yard field goal by Leigh Tiffin. After another Florida three-and-out Alabama drove to the Florida 32-yard line. The 49-yard field goal attempt was a fake and holder P. J. Fitzgerald could only gain a yard. Taking over at their own 31-yard line, Florida retaliated with a swift drive culminating in a 19-yard field goal by Jonathan Phillips to tie the game, 10-10. Following an Alabama three-and-out Florida retook the lead with a 57-yard drive that Tebow capped off with a 5-yard touchdown pass to David Nelson. Alabama was forced to punt on their next drive and Florida lead at halftime 17-10. Alabama's defense forced a three-and-out and then their offense used the "ground-and-pound" strategy to perfection running 15 plays, gaining 91 yards and taking 6:53 off the clock to tie the game at 17-17 with a 2-yard rushing touchdown by Mark Ingram II Florida seemed poised to take the lead on their drive, but after the drive stalled Phillips missed a 42-yard field goal. Alabama didn't waste their chance as a 27-yard Tiffin field goal gave them a 20-17 lead going into the fourth quarter. Then, Tebow took over. Florida took a page from the Alabama playbook, using a long drive, converting two third downs before Jeffery Demps ran in a touchdown from one yard out, retaking the lead 24-20. Return ace Javier Arenas returned the resulting kickoff 41 yards to the Alabama 41, but on 3rd-and-8 Jermaine Cunningham sacked Wilson for an 11-yard loss. The Gators put the game away on their next drive, storming 67 yards in just 8 plays with Tebow throwing a dart to Riley Cooper to increase the lead to 31-20 with just 2:50 remaining in the game.  An interception by Joe Haden with 1:41 sealed the deal as Florida ran out the rest of the clock. Florida out gaining Alabama 358-323, converting 7 of their 13 third downs to Alabama's 5 of 12, and  zero Florida turnovers were the most deciding factors. Despite going just 14-22 for the game, Tebow was 5-5 for 70 yards and 1 touchdown in the fourth quarter bringing his overall night to 14-22 for 218 yards 3 touchdowns and 0 interceptions. Tebow and Demps carried the Florida running game combining for 110 yards on 30 carries. Louis Murphy was the leading receiver for Florida with 86 yards on just 4 catches. Wilson struggled going just 12-25 for 187 yards  0 touchdowns and 1 interception, but Coffee continued his hot streak by rushing for 112 yards on 21 carries including an 18-yard touchdown run. Jones was spectacular with 124 yards on merely 5 catches.

Paragraph 16: The Indian Plate (or India Plate) is a minor tectonic plate straddling the equator in the Eastern Hemisphere. Originally a part of the ancient continent of Gondwana, the Indian Plate broke away from the other fragments of Gondwana , began moving north and carried Insular India with it. It was once fused with the adjacent Australian Plate to form a single Indo-Australian Plate, and recent studies suggest that India and Australia have been separate plates for at least 3 million years and likely longer. The Indian Plate includes most of modern South Asia (the Indian subcontinent) and a portion of the basin under the Indian Ocean, including parts of South China and western Indonesia, and extending up to but not including Ladakh, Kohistan and Balochistan.

Paragraph 17: On April 26, 2006 Martin announced the breakup of his long-time, Olympic silver medallist team of lead Don Bartlett, second Carter Rycroft and third Don Walchuk. The team had disappointed at the 2005 Trials, had not won a single Grand Slam title in the 2005–06 season, and topped it off by finishing fourth at the Brier. Martin replaced Walchuk, Rycroft and Bartlett with World Junior Champion skip John Morris at third, Marc Kennedy at second and Ben Hebert at lead. His new team won the 2007 Alberta provincials, defeating Team Kevin Koe in the final, 9–7 after Team Koe fourth Blake MacDonald missed two draws to win.  This sent the team to their first Brier, where they finished the round robin with an 8–3 win–loss record in second place, tied with Manitoba and Newfoundland and Labrador. The new team struggled at the 2007 Brier in Hamilton, and lost in the 3 vs. 4 game to Jeff Stoughton, 6–3. Despite their Brier failure, however, the season was a success on the World Curling Tour, where they won three of the four Grand Slams. During the 2006–07 and 2007–08 curling seasons, Martin and his team won an unprecedented five consecutive Grand Slams, three in the 2006–07 season and two in the 2007–08 season.

Paragraph 18: Shortly after Baltar comes on board Galactica, Head Six reveals that a device which he had previously seen in possession of Six on Caprica has been surreptitiously installed in Galactica's Combat Information Center (CIC) (the command and control center of the battlestar). Head Six tells him it wasn't her job to put it in there. Baltar realizes there is a Cylon on board Galactica, but knows he cannot reveal that information, or indicate the device is not a part of the ship without implicating himself in the destruction of the Colonies. Baltar decides to implicate a person on board who goes by Aaron Doral because he is a civilian who has had access to the CIC during the last several weeks and, as an outsider, would be more likely to not be trusted by the Galactica crew. Having already been put in charge of testing the fleet for Cylons, Baltar informs the Executive Officer that he discreetly collected hair samples of crew members and has found Doral is a Cylon. Baltar, however, had no method at the time for testing for Cylons in the fleet. Baltar also explains he saw Doral doing something with a strange-looking device in the CIC he does not recognize. This forces him to develop an actual method for testing the fleet for Cylons, having already "demonstrated" an ability to do so. The process he eventually creates is reliable and is done through the testing of blood samples, but is time-consuming (it takes 11 hours to test one person).

Paragraph 19: In early Indian literary works, Tamralipta, with its other "dialectical variants," was mentioned. It was also mentioned by the Greek astronomer-geographer Ptolemy, the Roman author and philosopher Pliny, and the Chinese monk travellers Fa-hien, Hsuan-tsang, and Yi Jing.  The Kurma-vibhaga segment of the Atharva-veda Parisista incorporates the primal testimony to Tamralipta in Indian literary sources. The Mahabharata distinguishes this ancient city from Suhma, but a later work, Dashakumaracharita, adds "Damalipta" within the Suhma Kingdom. It is said that Tamralipta was the capital of Suhma. In the Raghuvamsha, it is described as being located on the bank of the river Kapisa. The Kathsaritsagara observes Tamralipta as an important maritime port and trading center. Some Pali literature identifies it as "Tamalitti" or "Tamalitthi" and describes it as a port. Tamralipti is mentioned numerous times in the Arthasastra as an imperative center of maritime exchange. The Brihat-Samhita distinguishes "Tamraliptika" from "Gaudaka" and mentions the sailing of ships from Yavana to the port of "Damalipta". Ptolemy mentions "Tāmralipta" as a significant town and royal residence. Pliny denotes Tamralipti as 'Taluctae'. The earliest meticulous description of Tamralipta appears in Buddhist literature. In the early fifth century CE, the Chinese Buddhist monk Fa-Hien reported seeing twenty Buddhist monasteries in Tamralipta. Fa-Hien traces Tamralipta, as situated on the seaboard. Whereas Hiuen-Tsang describes that Tamralipta was situated on a creek relatively away from the main Bay of Bengal. According to Hiuen-Tsang, this port town spanned approximately 250 miles and served as the point of convergence of the land and sea trade routes. According to him, the main exports from Tamralipta port were indigo, silk, and copper. In , the Chinese Buddhist monk YiJing reached the east coast of India. He spent five months in Tamralipti and learned Sanskrit. Yijing travelled up the Ganga from Tamralipti to the Buddhist monastery complex of Nalanda, which was the home of thirty-five hundred monks at that time. According to Mahavamsa, an epic history of Sri Lanka, it was the exit point for Ruler Vijaya's voyage to conquer Sri Lanka and the Buddhist mission propelled to Sri Lanka by the Mauryan emperor Ashoka. Tamralipta is mentioned in Dipavamsa as well. The Vanga is referred to as possessing the city of Tamralipta in one of the Jaina Upangas called Prajñāpanā. According to the Jaina texts, Tamralipta was the capital of the kingdom of Vanga. Tamralipta is mentioned as one of the Jaina ascetic orders in the Jaina Kalpasūtra.

Paragraph 20: On 7 January, Israel carried out 40 airstrikes overnight. Dozens of other targets were attacked by aircraft and artillery during the day, and the Gaza-Egypt border was bombed after Israeli aircraft dropped leaflets onto Rafah, urging the residents to leave. A total of 20 Palestinians were killed. A total of 20 rockets were fired into Southern Israel. Israel temporarily halted its attacks for three hours to provide a "humanitarian respite". On 8 January, an exchange of fire took place in Gaza City. Hamas suffered heavy losses, but an Israeli officer of the Golani Brigade was also killed. In Northern Gaza, snipers opened fire on Israeli forces conducting an operation, killing an Israeli soldier. Another Israeli soldier was lightly wounded. The IDF soldiers identified the origin of the fire and returned fire, directly hitting the snipers. In another incident, several mortar shells were fired at Givati Brigade soldiers, who responded with mortar fire and were aided by IAF airstrikes. In Central Gaza, a force of IDF soldiers entered a building near the Kissfum crossing. As the force entered, Hamas fighters fired an anti-tank rocket at them, killing one Israeli officer and wounding one soldier. Israeli aircraft also hit more than 40 Hamas targets in Gaza. Israeli troops shot and killed Hamas commander Amir Mansi and wounded two other Hamas fighters as they operated a mortar. The IAF attacked over 60 Hamas targets. A rocket fired from Gaza wounded seven IDF soldiers in Southern Israel. On 10 January, the Israeli military said that another 40 sites were targeted, and that 15 Hamas fighters were killed. On 11 January, the IDF started the third stage of the operation with an attack on the suburbs of Gaza City. Israeli forces pushed into the south of the city and reached a key junction to its north. During their advance, Hamas and Islamic Jihad fighters ambushed Israeli troops at several locations, and heavy fighting ensued, in which 40 Hamas and Islamic Jihad fighters were killed. Additionally, the IAF reported that Hamas operatives had tried to shoot down an IAF plane with anti-aircraft missiles for the first time since operations in Gaza began. Heavy machine gun fire against helicopters had also been unsuccessful. Two Hamas fighters were killed by an Israeli airstrike in the Southern Gaza Strip. A Palestinian woman was also killed by Israeli artillery fire. Israeli forces continued to push deeper into heavily populated areas around Gaza City. Fierce clashes were reported in the Southern suburb of Sheikh Ajleen. On 12 January, nearly 30 rockets and mortars were fired at Southern Israel, damaging a house in Ashkelon.

Paragraph 21: In spite of Kwong, being a cosmic embodiment of love for Rasul Mir, he was a romantic at heart with anything that gathered him. It is a speculation, that the poet would also visit places such as Tashawan, Srinagar (The province known for prostitution in Mir's day). These insights are supported by the internal evidence supplied by his poetry where he is morbidity pre-occupied with the contours of a female body and, almost in every poem, refers to the sensitive parts of a woman's body so vividly that the effect is often aphrodisiac. Somewhere these heady portraits of the lover and beloved mingle into one whole. 'The Kashmiri Gazal', says Abdul Ahad Azad, is a female seeking the lover, who is male. In Persian, from where 'Kashmiri gazal' derives its inspiration, the object of love is a male sought by a male singer. In Rasul Mir's persuasion, the singer changes from woman to man, the poems, and the elements of female beauty get mixed with distinctly male attributes producing a bivalent image. Azad calls it a 'defect of conception'. This defected concept, runs in the Kashmiri gazals from Mahmood Gami to Mahjoor. It certainly mars a distinctive characteristic of Kashmiri gazals, that set it apart from Persian and its offspring Urdu gazal. This trait has been preserved in female poetesses alone, like Habba Khatoon and Arnimaal where there could be no confusion. Rasul also gets into the gazal a boldness that is characteristically masculine. A male poet, to be successful in this form, would always have to maintain such a pose may be easier in a dramatic work but is essentially difficult in lyrical form, like the vatsun, which, in essence, is the expression of the author's personality. Rasul Mir was aware of the artistic implications of this problem and tried to effect a bold and revolutionary change by altering the sex of the speaking voice from female to male in most of his lyrics. This lent a note of realism and authenticity to his poetry and made it appear more natural as the speaking voice was freed from the fetters of an artificial pose. That is Rasul Mir - bold, beautiful poet of exquisite love, singer of fervent lyrics. The breath of vibrant air, that sent its freshness over cobwebs of cloistered verses. Almost single-handedly, he turned Kashmiri poetry into a bubbling love, gushing forth helplessly, sincerely, fervently, as it should in a vale of beauty.

Paragraph 22: The story begins with a man warning the tribe of approaching skywhales. Drummers warn everybody of the hunt as everyone get prepared to set "sail".  One man is found in his home sleeping as the noise wakes him up. He gets ready and is about to take his weapon as he hesitates then decides to go. As he leaves his room, his wife and child see him and try stopping him. He goes through the forest with strange fauna and flora and stops at a path as he sees old pale natives head into a strange silver building. As a sign of respect, he shields his eyes. He is then surprised when his wife pokes him and says that she's coming. As he enters the ship, he sees a native wearing the captain's hat but then he takes his rightful hat while the other looks surprised he came. Then they go on a hunt for the whale.  The audience is shown that they live on a floating island high up in a gas giant. The hunters go far away from their home and stop when they hear the whale. Everything is still until a skywhale comes and then destroys the main character's ship. They parachute down to the wife's ship and follow one of the two whales which have escaped. The main character harpoons its head and is congratulated by his team. As it dies they bring it back to their island home where it is completely butchered by nightfall. It then shows the main character and his family at the port where the wife is talking to the son and the main character is tying a rope. Suddenly he turns pale and his eyes black. The wife immediately recognizes what he has become and adopts the custom of shielding her eyes and his son soon follows. By instinct, the main character heads to the building where all those who reach the point in their life to mature go. In the building, there are four guards and a giant hole in the center. Skywhale drawings are all over the floor. As the guards cover their eyes and the wife and son watch at the doorway, he stands there for a while and then falls in the hole. The son gasps and tries to enter but the wife stops him. He looks confused and as they leave, he asks something to the wife who then begins to explain it to him. They show the main character falling through the roots of the island as a cocoon starts forming around his body. By sunrise, he is completely enclosed and hatches as a juvenile skywhale. The viewer then sees the wife with the main character's spear explaining something to the son. Suddenly he hears a skywhale's call, takes the spear, and points it to the whale which he immediately recognizes is his father. The two of them then stand there staring as the whale flies away into the sunrise with the son saluting it with his father's spear. The end credits appear with primitive skywhale cave-drawings in the background.

Paragraph 23: Holt went out on the Minerva, (along with Henry Fulton), and on it met Captain William Cox who had been appointed paymaster of the New South Wales Corps. The ship arrived at Sydney on 11 January 1800, and shortly afterwards Holt agreed to manage Captain Cox's farm. He always claimed in Australia that he was a political exile and not a convict. In September 1800 he was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in a plot against the government, but was soon afterwards released as no evidence could be found against him. He was successful in his management for Cox, and afterwards bought land for himself which eventually yielded him a competence. In 1804 when the Castle Hill uprising occurred Holt, who was not involved, had been warned that evening that it was about to happen.  During the night he set up a defense of Captain Cox's house.  He was nonetheless afterwards hounded by Governor King and many false witnesses brought against him.  Although there was no plausible evidence at all against him, he was in April 1804 exiled by King to Norfolk Island, and there put to hard labour.  In his Memoirs, Holt wrote a considerable amount on the horrors he saw at Norfolk Island under Commandant Joseph Foveaux.  Whereas other histories merely describe Foveaux as some able and efficient administrator who became Lieutenant-Governor at Norfolk Island, Holt saw him far less blandly than that.  Holt graphically described Foveaux as the greatest tyrant that he (Holt) had ever known.  Holt described the joy of the inhabitants of Norfolk Island on the day when Foveaux departed.  He wrote in his Memoirs (Edited by Croker, 1838): "If I could have bought or borrowed a pistol, the world, I think, would soon have been rid of this man-killer, Foveaux, and with as short a warning as he gave to the two men he hung without trial."   After Holt had been there 14 weeks Governor King sent instructions that he should be recalled to New South Wales, but delays occurred and it was not until February 1806 that he arrived back at Sydney again.

Paragraph 24: Ukens Revy had been distinctively pro-German and anti-British during the First World War. During the war, Hambro got entangled in British affairs. In January 1917, the United Kingdom had ceased its coal exports to Norway. During the negotiations between Knudsen's Cabinet's representatives and the British legation in Kristiania, Hambro wrote an editorial in Morgenbladet which suggested expulsion of the British diplomats if Norwegian needs were not met. British Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour met with the Norwegian ambassador in the UK, and demanded that Knudsen's Cabinet either deplore Morgenbladet's statements or prosecute Hambro legally. Hambro's actions were defended by the Norwegian parliamentary opposition, including the Conservative Party. After some rounds of talks and negotiations, the whole case blew over. In the first phase of the First World War, Hambro had campaigned restlessly against Knudsen's Cabinet which he perceived as too weak to lead the country through a war. Hambro and Morgenbladet was joined in this endeavor by Tidens Tegn and to an extent Aftenposten. Prime Minister Gunnar Knudsen summoned a sitdown of himself and the three newspaper's editors, where he tried to calm their attacks. "The attempt failed completely", notes historian Hans Fredrik Dahl.

Paragraph 25: On 12 August 1915 163rd Bde was ordered to advance  across terrain varying from thick scrub to abandoned fields, all cut with dried watercourses. The purpose of the movement was to clear the area of snipers prior to a divisional attack on Anafarta Ridge the next day. Muddle and confusion hampered the planning with the individual battalions not receiving the warning order that the advance was to take place, while no clear objective was indicated. Eventually at 16.45 the 'Advance' was sounded. 1/8th Hampshires advanced in the centre of the brigade with 1/5th Norfolks on the right. The start line that had been doglegged around a small hill was then subject to a muddled order that changed the direction of the 1/5th Norfolks at the moment of advance. Rather than straightening the line, the bend was amplified and as the Norfolks charged a gap opened up between them and the 1/8th Hants and the rest of 163rd Bde. Crossing the open ground the battalions began to take heavy casualties and lost cohesion. Advancing  across the more favourable terrain, the Norfolks took nearly 40 per cent casualties. The remainder of the battalion, including a company recruited from the Royal Estate at Sandringham, together with a party of 1/8th Hants, were able to advance the furthest into the forest. However, they were cut off and never heard of again. Mystery and fantasy has dogged this action ever since: some 122 bodies were discovered in 1919. The Official History described 163rd Bde's attack as a 'calamity'. The Isle of Wight Rifles reported 8 officers and 150 other ranks (ORs) killed or missing, including three brothers from the Urry family together with their brother-in-law all killed, whilst among the officers two brothers, Captains Clayton and Donald Ratsey of the legendary sailmaking firm Ratsey & Lapthorn, were killed. The battalion also suffered 1 officer and 140 ORs wounded. Some of the missing and wounded found their way back to the British lines after dark, others had been evacuated to hospitals in Egypt. Once the remaining missing men were reclassified as 'presumed killed in action', the Rifles had lost a total of 89 men killed in action. The commanding officer, Lt-Col J.E. Rhodes, had also been evacuated with sunstroke. At the end of the action the brigade held a temporary line formed along a road edge for 48 hours until relieved by the 161st (Essex) Bde.

Paragraph 26: In the Discounted Cash Flow Model (DCFM) of security analysis, the value of a security is the present value of all its future cash flows including interest or dividends and the implied cash flow of the residual value of the security itself, if any. A special case of the DCFM, based on a stock's dividend, is called the Dividend Discount Model.  Under that model, the value of a stock depends on how long we expect to receive dividends, their cash amounts, spacing (usually monthly, quarterly or semiannually), and a hypothesized long term discount rate that incorporates inflation in the currency and risk on the firm's payouts. The duration of the stock is how long we need to receive dividends for the present value of the dividends plus the residual value of the stock to total to the price paid.  Conceptually, it corresponds to the duration of a bond but the duration of a bond is deterministic and that of a stock is not. It is not necessary for the dividends to be reinvested – that's a separate risk, reinvestment risk, and does not affect the risks and therefore the value of the stock.

Paragraph 27: The film opened at #2 behind The Incredibles, and earned $23.3 million from approximately 7,000 screens at 3,650 theaters, for a per-theater average of $6,390 and a per-screen average of $3,332 in its opening weekend. It also brought in a total of $30.6 million since its Wednesday launch. The weekend total also included $2.1 million from 59 IMAX theaters, for an IMAX theater average of $35,593, and had a $3,000,000 take since Wednesday. According to president Dan Fellman, Titanic had put a different spin on the numbers for The Polar Express. Among holiday movies, The Santa Clause 2 opened in 2002 to $29 million and grossed $140 million, while Elf debuted the next year at $31 million on its way to a $175-million take. The studio had high hopes for the movie, particularly since Zemeckis and Hanks had a history of success with Forrest Gump and Cast Away. By comparison from the weekend the previous year, the top 12 movies had taken in $136.1 million down to 5% following the debuts of The Matrix Revolutions, Brother Bear and Elf. Since Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was released in 2001, Warner Bros. had released 10 major films and all of them had dropped off at least 36% in their second weekend, but only seven dropped off at least 49%. Not one of them had a lower three-day opening weekend total gross as The Polar Express itself. The overseas prospects for the film were not especially encouraging, even though The Last Samurai went on to make a considerable sum of money across the globe and was prematurely labeled a flop by the media. In its second weekend, The Polar Express dropped to 33%, and grossing $15.7 million, averaging $4,293 from 3,650 venues and boosting the 12-day cumulative gross to $51.5 million. In its third weekend, which was Thanksgiving weekend, the film increased by 24%, earning $19.4 million, averaging $5,312 from 3,650 venues and raising the 19-day cumulative gross to $81.5 million. With a total gross of $71 million, The Polar Express would hold the record for having the highest IMAX gross of any film until it was taken by Avatar five years later in 2009. The film has made $187.9 million in North America, and $126.3 million overseas for a total worldwide gross of $314.2 million (including all re-releases).

Paragraph 28: The Sandinista Renovator Movement (MRS) party condemned the recent attacks against the Catholic Church in Nicaragua, such as the burning of the Chapel of the Blood of Christ in the Metropolitan Cathedral of Managua this Friday morning, “We absolutely condemn all terrorist attacks and vandalism against temples and churches, now against the Cathedral of Managua, which constitute a flagrant violation of religious freedom, enshrined in the Nicaraguan Constitution ” For his part, José Adán Aguerri, President of the Superior Council of Private Enterprise, expressed his solidarity through his Twitter account for this act of terrorism that occurred in the Cathedral of Managua “from COSEP Nicaragua and personally, our solidarity and support for the archdiocese. of Managua and the Nicaraguan Episcopal Conference, before the cowardly attack on the Cathedral of Managua that adds to the acts of vandalism in different chapels in the country in previous days. Intolerance will not succeed, ”says the publication. Opposition coalition Blue and White National Unity (UNAB) condemned the acts of desecration, siege and harassment against the Catholic Church in Nicaragua and ensure that "these acts violate freedom of religion provided for in our Constitution. These events, in addition to being targeted attacks, demonstrate the levels of insecurity experienced by the population at the national level. ” He also added that "the evidence shows that the attacks are being committed by people related to the criminal dictatorship of Daniel Ortega, who maintains a permanent political campaign against priests and the Church. We stand in solidarity with the Catholic Church and the devout and Christian people of our country, in the face of such acts of desecration, ”the UNAB statement continues. The Nicaraguan Center for Human Rights (CENIDH) through a statement expressed its repudiation of what happened in the Chapel of the Blood of Christ of the Cathedral of Managua, burned by an unknown person who threw a Molotov bomb and then fled the scene without leaving trail. "We demand that the authorities INVESTIGATE THE FACTS WITH CELERITY AND FIND THE GUILTY, otherwise we will suppose that it was the Ortega Murillo regime who gave the order to burn down the temple to continue its campaign of hatred and terror against churches, religious and believers that adversity him "expresses part of the Communiqué. Juan Sebastian Chamorro member of the Civic Alliance for Justice and Democracy condemned the facts in a video via the social network Twitter and Father Edwin Roman condemned the attack and indicated that it can burn and destroy the image of the Lord but never Faith and dignity from his people. In this regard, the auxiliary bishop of Managua, Silvio Báez, wrote on his Twitter account: "We have cried together because of the fire that has occurred in the chapel of the venerated image of the Blood of Christ." "Terrorist act associated with paramilitaries of the regime burn down the chapel of the Blood of Christ," denounced the opposition Edipcia Dubón. "I urge your Holiness the Pope to denounce the attacks by Daniel Ortega and his paramilitaries against the Catholic Church, the bishops and priests and the terrorist acts against the Cathedral of Managua," demanded activist Bianca Jagger. The Evangelical Alliance of Nicaragua, the main organization of evangelical Christians in the Central American country, has rejected the attack on the Chapel of the Blood of Christ located in the Cathedral of Managua.

Paragraph 29: The title is commonly seen as equivalent to that of Emperor, both titles outranking that of king in prestige, stemming from the medieval Byzantine emperors who saw the Shahanshahs of the Sasanian Empire as their equals. The last reigning monarchs to use the title of Shahanshah, those of the Pahlavi dynasty in Iran (1925–1979), also equated the title with "Emperor". The rulers of the Ethiopian Empire used the title of Nəgusä Nägäst (literally "King of Kings"), which was officially translated as "Emperor". The female variant of the title, as used by the Ethiopian Zewditu, was Queen of Kings (Ge'ez: Nəgəstä Nägäst). In the Sasanian Empire, the female variant used was Queen of Queens (Middle Persian: bānbishnān bānbishn).

Paragraph 30: In 1885, the Pensacola Library Association organized as a subscription library. The library had 184 members who paid .25/month to use the library. During the years of 1904, 1910, 1911 and 1919, the city made attempts to secure $15,000 in Carnegie funds for assistance with building a public library. In order to receive this funding, all Carnegie grant recipients had to agree to several stipulations. These conditions included a demonstrated financial need for the funding, an appropriate site for the construction, willingness to provide staffing and allot ten percent annually to support the library's operation, and equal access to all patrons regardless of race or color  As Pensacola was unable to provide a site or future support for such a library, it was unable to obtain the funds.  Furthermore, despite repeated requests, the library association remained unwilling to provide free access to all members of the community, forcing their eventual exclusion from all Carnegie grant monies. The city later allotted 25.00/month and then 50.00/month to the library. Still, the library moved to various locations downtown and, at some point, a bond election failed. In 1933, the subscription library closed and its books were stored in the San Carlos Hotel.