Paragraph 1: Early Bacon students were neither given a diploma nor graduated after four years, as they generally are today. Instead, the school had a system divided into three branches.  In the first branch, a young student learned such subjects as languages, English grammar, and mathematics.  In the second branch, he or she would be taught writing, geometry, and rhetoric. The last branch was similar to the common or grammar school.  Age never factored into a student's placement or progress; some students would leave Bacon at fifteen or sixteen if they had completed all three branches.  In 1886, the branch structure was abandoned for the current four-year system; and by 1890, the first modern commencement was held, with each graduated student receiving a diploma.

Paragraph 2: Abhi's sister, who has been struggling with infertility, goes to a hospital for fertility treatments, but also goes through the same experiment and enters a coma. After an argument with a careless doctor, Abhi is arrested, and it is revealed that the women who consumed the pills experience stomachaches and lose consciousness. To clear his name, Abhi and his father investigate the source of the pills, and learn that the number on the back is linked to the hospital. When they investigate, they find out that all the women were forced to become test subjects of a procedure to reverse infertility, which has finally succeeded for the first time, and the doctor responsible is none other than Sivaji. Abhi, his father, Megha, and Abhi's brother-in-law, who is an ethical hacker, join forces to stop this conspiracy. Through further investigation, they bug the hospital and find out that Sivaji is organizing the kidnappings in order to make "designer babies". They interrogate the head doctor, who reveals that Sivaji has always been an intelligent but cold man ruthlessly pursuing what he sees as "advances" in science. After hearing that a certain type of sterility where eggs are not released is uncurable, he started "Project Marshal", but his ideas were continually rejected. Only recently had he been able to start clinical trials in order to prove his idea to medical officials in Japan. As the country has been facing a demographic crisis due to infertility caused by the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japanese officials were interested in his ideas, and wanted proof before they could implement it. Sivaji flees to Japan, but Megha broadcasts video recording from their secret camera, and the officials tell him he must clear up everything in order to get his procedure accepted. Despite the evidence, Sivaji gets off scot-free by claiming it was for a TV show, and takes a mocking selfie with Abhi. Sivaji's fans protest the case and start causing trouble across the city and to Abhi. Later on, Sivaji's mother tells him that he was born to a surrogate mother, and that his personality is due to her influence. The next day, Sivaji calls Abhi and taunts him, saying that a car with a famous athlete inside will be attacked and that he must save it. Abhi finds Sivaji's fan club and gets them to help by claiming that Sivaji is in the car, barely managing to stop the attackers. To his shock, Sivaji exits the car instead. After he comes back, a man suddenly shoots him and gets away. As he dies, Sivaji reveals that he donated the method to the government to atone for his misdeeds. The other members of "F-Club", who wanted to profit, decided to kill him. The film ends with Abhi's sister giving birth and Sivaji being revered for his medical advances.

Paragraph 3: In 2004, Oberman moved away from comedy to join the BBC soap opera EastEnders, after she was cast as Chrissie Watts, the second wife of "one of the best-loved villains in soap history", "Dirty" Den Watts. It was a role she played for almost two years, and which brought her public recognition. Before long, Oberman would become one of the leading regulars of the show and at the forefront of several storylines. At the time, though, television critics pointed to Oberman's extensive theatrical background and questioned: "why would an actress with such pedigree agree to be in EastEnders?" Oberman has continuously responded by placing the move in the context of her professional exposure, noting her position as a "jobbing actress" at the time and her desire to return to drama after her recent comedic roles. Making her debut on 29 April, Oberman was viewed as an "overnight success" in the role of Chrissie, with Amy Raphael of The Telegraph feeling that the actress "easily upstaged the rest of the cast with her three-dimensional portrayal of a classic soap bitch". In 2005, "18 million people" watched her character kill Den in a fit of rage to mark the 20th anniversary of EastEnders, with Oberman "anchoring" the show's success that year and dominating drama as Chrissie, who "packed into a year what most soap characters do in three." Commenting on her role two years after she left the show, Oberman concluded:

Paragraph 4: The B175 (and B175 Bushman) was the ultimate Bantam model produced and arguably the best in terms of power delivery and handling. It was a subtle and refined reworking of the D14 model. The engine featured a handsome new cylinder head design with revised finning and a central vertical spark plug, the efficient squish combustion chamber had a slightly lower compression ratio at 9.5:1 which combined to give a smoother running engine without any power loss over the previous D14 models. The forks are slightly heavier in construction than those previously fitted and have external springs. It had a separate headlight with high-beam warning, exposed rear shock springs, strengthened kickstart shaft all with folding pedals, revised fixing on crankshaft compression disc plates. This final model was produced from 1969 to 1971 in handsome metallic red & blue or plain black liveries, all with white painted linings on the fuel tank, mudguards and side panels like the D14 and featured a modern outline text decal in yellow reading “Bantam 175” on the side panels, the right hand side panel covered and efficient large air filter that fed the AMAL 626 Concentric carburettor via a rubber hose. Even after the demise of BSA the remaining stocks of B175s were still being sold at least until 1973 to lucky and discerning buyers!

Paragraph 5: In the previous book, A Clan in Need, Ravenpaw and Barley ask Firestar, leader of ThunderClan, for help to drive out the rogues that drove Ravenpaw and Barley away from their farm. After gathering up a patrol of cats willing to help, they leave to go to the farm. The cats go into the barn to find the place wrecked, and the rogues making messes. Firestar makes a plan to ambush the rogues in their sleep. When they carry out their plan, they are given away when the chickens are startled and make a lot of noise. The rogues are alarmed, and fight the Clan cats. There turns out to be a far larger amount of rogues than the Clan cats originally intended, some of whom are BloodClan refugees. During the battle in the barn, the farmer hears the cats and goes in, scaring all the cats off. ThunderClan regroups, and Firestar comes up with another plan to defeat the rogues. The plan works, and ThunderClan drives the rogues out of the barn, but right at the turning point of the battle, reinforcements for the rogues show up. The Clan cats begin to lose the fight, but the dogs of the farm get loose and attack the rogues. They finally drive out the rogues with the help of the dogs, leaving only Barley's brothers, Hoot and Jumper. Firestar and the warrior patrol then depart, and Ravenpaw and Barley go into the barn. They decide to let Hoot and Jumper stay in the barn with them. While Barley goes out on a walk, Ravenpaw shows Hoot and Jumper around the farm. Ravenpaw notices that Hoot and Jumper don't care about it. When Ravenpaw and the visitors return to the barn, Ravenpaw takes a nap. When Barley wakes him up, he finds the barn wrecked. Hoot and Jumper claim that they were trying to hunt for mice, and accidentally destroyed it. One night Barley and his brothers go out for a walk. When they return, Hoot and Jumper order Ravenpaw to hunt for them. The next day, they still are ordering Ravenpaw around. Ravenpaw wonders why Barley isn't doing anything about it. However, as if on cue, Barley gets angry at Hoot and Jumper, saying that he doesn't like how they are treating Ravenpaw, and claims that loyalty is everything, not blood. Hoot and Jumper leave the barn for good, and Ravenpaw and Barley finally have their home, back.

Paragraph 6: The city's management agreement came to an end in 2003.  City managers argued that they should be allowed to renew the contract. The city proposed using its own funds to renovate the arena, and to begin the process of planning for a new, greatly expanded multi-purpose convention center and sports arena. As a gesture of good faith, Great Falls city commissioners said they had spent $6,000 to study the ice rink covering issue and $2,000 on a handicapped-accessibility study, and had agreed to spend $200,000 to purchase the ice rink covering. The purchased was designed to meet the needs of local youth hockey organizations, which in 2002 were the arena's largest tenant (paying $65,000 in fees in 2002 and an anticipated $85,000 in fees in 2003). But it was also designed to expand the facility's use, and reduce the city's subsidy to the fairgrounds.  Four Seasons managers noted that the arena had to turn away bands, comedians, and other entertainers because the venue could not be turned around fast enough. Cascade County managers, however, argued that although the county did not have the credit rating or tax revenues of the city, they could obtain grants to make the improvements the city was to pay for. They also said that their lack of management expertise did not matter, as they were considering contracting with SMG World, an arena management firm, to run Four Seasons. In October 2002, SMG said it needed more time to assess the fairgrounds in order to make a firm offer. With Cascade County apparently committed to taking over the fairgrounds and Four Seasons Arena again, the city of Great Falls demanded that the county to pay $1 million to reimburse the city for improvements made there (a figure which included $142,250 renovating the heating, air conditioning, and carpeting at the arena). The county refused, and offered to pay less than 20% of that figure. After extensive negotiations, Cascade County agreed to pay $384,370 over 10 years at 4% interest (a total which included all of the improvements to the arena). On November 12, 2002, Cascade County signed a formal agreement to allow SMG World to take over management of the fairgrounds and arena.

Paragraph 7: On 20 December 2010, a photo with a nude image of Riewoldt was posted on the social networking site Facebook by a 17-year-old girl. The girl, whose name was initially withheld in the media due to her age, stated that her actions were a result of unfair treatment at the hands of the AFL regarding an incident earlier in the year, in which she claimed she had become pregnant as a result of having sex with two St Kilda players following a school football clinic. Another nude photo, of fellow Saints player Nick Dal Santo, was also posted. In a subsequent press conference Riewoldt claimed to have never met the girl and that the photo had been taken over a year prior, during an end-of-season trip, in Miami, Florida, by teammate Sam Gilbert, and that he had asked Gilbert to immediately delete the photo. Gilbert stated that the photos had been stolen from his own personal computer, describing the incident as a "significant breach of privacy without my knowledge or consent". The girl disputed Gilbert's statement, saying that she had taken the photos and was in possession of at least 19 more images of other AFL players. The girl later admitted this to be a lie, stating that she fabricated this claim of ownership so as not to get into any trouble. She then claimed to have been sent the photos by an unnamed St Kilda player in April of that year. On 24 December 2010, a Federal Court granted a permanent injunction on the images, supporting Riewoldt and Gilbert's statement that the photos had been stolen from Gilbert's laptop computer without consent. Justice Shane Marshall ordered the images and any others be deleted from the girl's computer, with mediation between her and the St Kilda Football Club scheduled to take place on 28 January 2011.

Paragraph 8: Dawn then begins a relationship with Scott Windsor (Ben Freeman). They start seeing each other just before she divorces Terry and the only person Dawn tells is Bob, who disapproves due to him being married to Scott's mother Viv Hope (Deena Payne). Scott and Dawn move in together but Dawn is devastated and angry when Scott leaves her to flee to America with Zoe Tate (Leah Bracknell), the mother of his daughter, Jean Tate (Megan Pearson). Scott had kept it a secret from everyone and sends Dawn a letter in the post explaining that as she was his step-sister, and if their relationship went further, people would think it was weird, and he had "convinced" himself not to love her, and he was leaving with Zoe to be with his daughter in America, not wanting stay with her and TJ while Zoe left with Jean. Dawn then goes to Spain to stay with her mother because she could not bear to see Scott and Zoe. Dawn ignores Bob's telephone calls, unaware that he is contacting her to inform her that Scott was in critical condition in hospital after being injected with ketamine after attempting to rape Zoe. Viv's daughter Donna Windsor (Verity Rushworth) finally manages to get through to Bob in hospital, and he tells her about Dawn's letter from Scott. The letter was then discovered by Viv, and Dawn flies back from Spain just in time for Scott to wake up. Although Dawn initially forgives him, when Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) drops out as a witness against Zoe at her trial, Dawn discovers that Scott had been blackmailing and threatening Paddy, and as a result Zoe is found not guilty of attempted murder. Scott then attacks Paddy and while Dawn and Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) try to break up the fight, he punches her by mistake. A shaken Dawn locks herself in her house with T.J and calls the police. Scott is arrested for assault, and he tries to claim he was provoked by Paddy but is shocked to discover that the assault charges were for hurting Dawn. Dawn has seen Scott's true colours, and finally realizes he is capable of what Zoe claimed he had done, and Dawn ends their relationship for good as she is scared he would rape her. While Scott serves a prison sentence for the assault, Dawn dates Danny Daggert (Cleveland Campbell), but breaks up with him after she realizes she isn't ready to settle down. After his release, Scott takes revenge on Dawn for rejecting him by reporting her for benefit fraud. Dawn had been taking odd jobs to better support T.J and is officially charged and serves three weeks of a six-week prison sentence.

Paragraph 9: Detroit Opera began as the educational outreach arm, Overture to Opera (OTO), of the Detroit Grand Opera Association, the organization responsible for the Metropolitan Opera's visits to Detroit. In 1963, Michigan Opera Theatre's (MOT) Founder and General Director, David DiChiera took over the program, then in its third year. OTO first presented opera to the public as a collection of scenes and acts. It did not produce its first full-length production until 1970, with the staging of The Barber of Seville at the Detroit Institute of Arts. Overture to Opera officially became Michigan Opera Theatre in 1971 after it established a board of trustees, signifying its transformation into a professional opera company. 1977 marked the founding of MOT's Department of Community Programs by Karen VanderKloot DiChiera. The company became known for it casting which often featured a blend of established artists as well as young-up-and-coming American opera singers from a diversity of backgrounds, a tradition that continues to this day. The company was among the first to stage Gershwin's opera Porgy and Bess in 1975 as well as Scott Joplin's opera Treemonisha in 1983. In 2005 the company staged the world premiere of Richard Danielpour's Margaret Garner, based on Toni Morrison's novel Beloved. MOT also established an international reputation for the staging of rarely performed operas such as the North American premiere of Armenian composer, Armen Tigranian's, Anoush in 1981, Polish composer, Karol Szymanowski's King Roger in 1991, and the American premiere of Stanisław Moniuszko's The Haunted Castle in 1982. In 1989 the decision was made to purchase MOT's current home, the Detroit Opera House Originally called the Capital Theatre, the building, designed by C. Howard Crane, was in need of extensive restoration. The company eventually gained enough money to purchase the entire block encompassing the neighboring Roberts Fur building, which the company demolished in 1993 to make way for the  stage house. The monumental task which became known as "The Detroit Opera House Project" took approximately 7 years to complete and was supported by local individuals, corporations, foundations and unions. Luciano Pavarotti was also a major contributor to the campaign, bringing the attention of the public to the project at large by promising to sing at the opening of the new opera house, donating large amounts of money to the cause, and by making various appearances around Detroit in performances designed to raise money for the project. In April 1996, MOT celebrated the opening of its new home with a Gala event which received international coverage. Among the guests at the Gala were opera stars Joan Sutherland, Luciano Pavarotti, Irina Mishura, Helen Donath, Marcello Giordani, Gregg Baker, Alessandra Marc, and Elizabeth Parcells, conductor Steven Mercurio, and actor Roddy McDowall. The evening also featured a Fanfare for the Detroit Opera House by American composer William Bolcom which had been especially commissioned for the Gala.  In 1996 MOT also added a permanent dance season to its repertoire with performances by the American Ballet Theatre and the Cleveland San Jose Ballet.

Paragraph 10: The dissenting judges, led by Karakatsanis J, would have allowed the appeal. They found the search unconstitutional, holding that warrantless search of a cell phone incident to arrest is prima facie unreasonable, as it is not authorized by law. The dissenting judges found a high expectation of privacy in cell phones, recognizing the immense data storage and retention capabilities of modern cell phones, the volume of metadata generated by cell phones, and the possibility that a search of a cell phone might access data stored in the cloud, not on the cell phone itself. Quoting:"We live in a time of profound technological change and innovation. Developments in mobile communications and computing technology have revolutionized our daily lives. Individuals can, while walking down the street, converse with family on the other side of the world, browse vast stores of human knowledge and information over the Internet, or share a video, photograph or comment about their experiences with a legion of friends and followers."The devices which give us this freedom also generate immense stores of data about our movements and our lives. Ever-improving GPS technology even allows these devices to track the locations of their owners. Private digital devices record not only our core biographical information but our conversations, photos, browsing interests, purchase records, and leisure pursuits. Our digital footprint is often enough to reconstruct the events of our lives, our relationships with others, our likes and dislikes, our fears, hopes, opinions, beliefs and ideas. Our digital devices are windows to our inner private lives."Therefore, as technology changes, our law must also evolve so that modern mobile devices do not become the telescreens of George Orwell’s 1984."The dissenting judges noted the law enforcement objectives set out by the majority but suggested that they would be more fairly balanced with privacy interests given a modification of the common-law framework allowing warrantless cell phone searches incident to arrest only in exigent circumstances. Exigent circumstances would require of law enforcement a "reasonable basis to suspect a search may prevent an imminent threat to safety or... reasonable grounds to believe that the imminent loss or destruction of evidence may be prevented by a warrantless search". Under the dissenting judges' modification, the objective of protecting officer safety would justify a warrantless search only if the officer had a reasonable suspicion that the phone had been used to generate a threat to his safety. Likewise, the preservation of evidence objective would justify a warrantless search only in those cases where it was reasonable to believe that evidence was being destroyed and that a cell phone search could prevent this destruction. In any other, non-exigent circumstances, the dissenting judges held that a warrant would be required for the search.

Paragraph 11: In 1987, Roth celebrated its 800th anniversary, the grounds for doing so being the oldest known document that contains the village's name, one from Rupertsberg Abbey near Bingen from the year 1187. According to this parchment, now kept at the Koblenz State Archive, Archbishop of Mainz Conrad I freed the monastery and its holdings from episcopal taxation and put them under his protection. It seems certain that the "Roth" to which the document refers is indeed the subject of this article ("Roth" is otherwise a very common placename). Even if the document was not sealed, that is to say, never gained the force of law, the presence of that name in its text is still proof that the village existed that long ago. The name also says something about the village's beginnings. It literally means a clearing. What is unusual, though, is that the name does not have a prefix identifying its founder, owner, or leader as most others do, as seen, for instance, in Duchroth, Eckenroth, Gebroth, Kirschroth and Warmsroth, to name only the examples in this district (the last one, for instance, likely indicates a clearing owned by the city of Worms). According to the Germanist Adolf Bach (1890-1972), placenames ending in —rod (a more commonly occurring form) arose in the time from the 10th century to the 14th, and especially in the 12th and 13th, as clearings in woodland areas with more than 150 frost days each year, making their locations rather less favourable than places that had arisen in the treeless areas of the original landscape. It can thus be concluded that Roth likely arose not too long before this 1187 first documentary mention. Roth was originally laid out in the "original municipal area" of Waldlaubersheim. The Viergemeindewald ("Four-Municipality Forest") on which lie not only Roth but also Waldlaubersheim, Genheim (now a constituent community of Waldalgesheim), Warmsroth and Wald-Erbach, bears witness to the village's membership in this greater municipal area after 1589. In his Urkundliche Geschichte ("Documentary History"), Father Wagner cites from Rupertsberg Abbey's general directory of holdings (1200-1270) that Roth had to pay the abbey 11 Unzen and 6 Denare in rent on Martinmas (11 November), a contribution that may well hint at the holding's small significance. The jurisdiction by Schöffen (roughly "lay jurists") in Roth in those days was exercised by Hermanus von Genheim for Rodenkirchen (or Rothenkirchen) Abbey near Kirchheimbolanden. For the income that was bound with this, he and his wife Adelheid had to pay 20 Denare in interest. As a document filled out in Mainz has it, the knight Sir Heinrich of Glymendail and his wife Christina – who seemingly held a great many landholds in Roth – donated "produce benefits at Rod (Roth)" to Rupertsberg Abbey in 1283 to keep their memory alive with yearly Masses on the anniversaries of their deaths, and also donated further holdings near the village of Rod against a yearly annuity of 20 Malter of corn (likely either wheat or rye). Besides Rupertsberg Abbey, a lord from Brandenburg (now in Luxembourg) must also have owned an estate in Roth until 1417. In 1589, ten households were counted in Roth. The tithes were split between the Junker of Schönburg (Oberwesel), who got a two-thirds share, and the chaplain at Stromberg, who got the remaining third. Before the Reformation, the chaplain's third belonged to Rodenkirchen Abbey, and Roth itself belonged to the parish of  Waldlaubersheim. Administratively, Roth, along with Genheim, which through its amalgamation with Waldalgesheim was removed from this historical tie, and Eckenroth belonged quite early on to the Stromburg (the castle above the town of Stromberg), which itself was under royal or Imperial ownership until 1156. In that year, Roth, along with the Stromburg, passed into the Counts Palatine's hands. It is thus understandable that even by 1410, the town of Bingen was offering the Roth villagers shelter within its walls in times when they were under attack. For this service, they had to contribute towards maintaining the fortifications and for the town's actual defence. While the number of households in Roth in 1589 had been, as mentioned above, ten, by 1789 – the year when the French Revolution broke out – it had only grown to 14.

Paragraph 12: Baseball had its second appearance as an official medal sport at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States, with games played at Atlanta–Fulton County Stadium.  Eight nations competed, with the preliminary phase consisting of each team playing every other team.  Playoffs were then held, with the four highest ranked teams advancing.  For the semifinals, the 1st place team played the 4th place team and the 2nd place team played against the 3rd place team.  The winners of those semifinals competed against each other for the gold medal, with the loser getting the silver medal.  The teams defeated in the semifinal played a match for the bronze medal.

Paragraph 13: Before Hope and Liam's official legal wedding in the United States, Steffy spends a night on the town with Liam. Hope finds out and leaves Liam. Steffy and Liam are reunited, and she soon finds she is pregnant in early 2013. However, she keeps it to herself when she sees Hope and Liam kissing. Liam finds out about the pregnancy and recommits himself to Steffy, but shortly after their wedding she who loses the baby in a motorbike accident. Steffy then learns that her accident has left her infertile. Devastated, Steffy decides to divorce Liam and relocate to Paris. She returns to Los Angeles several months later for a brief visit, informing Liam that her infertility issues have been corrected, hoping that it could mean a second chance for them. Despite this, Liam insists that he is obligated to Hope, and Steffy leaves town again. After another short visit to Los Angeles in February 2015, Steffy returns months later to help Ridge take over Forrester Creations by overthrowing Rick. She becomes president of the company and rekindles her romance with Liam, ending his relationship with her cousin, Ivy Forrester (Ashleigh Brewer). Steffy's cousin, Aly (Ashlyn Pearce), resents Steffy, attributed to the fact that Taylor had accidentally killed her mother, Darla (Schae Harrison), years ago in car accident. An unstable Aly attempts to kill Steffy on PCH, resulting in Aly trying to kill Steffy with a tire iron. Ivy recorded a video of the accident on her phone, not seeing the rock Aly slipped and fell on. Ivy gets involved with Wyatt Spencer (Darin Brooks) and Ivy blackmails Steffy with the video, calling the accident a murder. Ivy decides to delete the video after Steffy tries to convince Wyatt to delete it. Thomas tells Steffy that he made out with Ivy while Wyatt was on a business trip. Steffy confronts Ivy and convinces her to tell Wyatt but tells Wyatt before Ivy has a chance. Wyatt breaks up with her and Ivy is angry at Steffy and confronts her in front of a broken electrical panel, resulting in an altercation in which Ivy gets electrocuted. Ivy survives and files a restraining order against Steffy while Wyatt resumes his relationship with Ivy. Ivy realized she never got over Liam and convinces Liam to give them another chance if she drops the restraining order. Quinn overhears Ivy telling Liam she loves him and exposes this in front of Steffy and Liam while Wyatt is proposing to Ivy. Wyatt breaks up with Ivy and she packs her bags for Australia. On top of the staircase, Steffy confronts Ivy and she tumbles down. Liam is angry at Steffy and breaks up with her. Liam hits his head on the plane with Ivy, while Wyatt comforts Steffy. Liam disappears (he was really kidnapped by Quinn after having passed out due to concussion symptoms he acquired by hitting his head while on a plane and passing out in the parking lot of Forrester Creations and losing his memory as a result) and Wyatt tells her that Liam must have once again let her down. He shows her how to have fun by surfing on the beach and even buys her a motorcycle, which she hasn't driven since her miscarriage. The two fall in love and eventually get married on the beach. Steffy's marriage to Wyatt eventually breaks down due to their differing opinions about Quinn and they separate while Steffy contemplates divorcing Wyatt. She eventually rekindles her love and relationship with Liam, Liam proposes to Steffy and she accepts, and after Steffy's divorce from Wyatt was finalized, Steffy & Liam got married in Sydney; Australia.

Paragraph 14: Avenue. It then passes an intersection with Douglasdale Road which has access to I-195 (Beltline Expressway) and toll SR 76 (Powhite Parkway). The highway reduces to two lanes  before curving right to Grant Street and then curving left onto S. Arthur Ashe Boulevard where it is once again a four-lane divided highway. Upon departure of Byrd Park near Boat Lake is an interchange only to the eastbound lanes of Toll SR 195 (Downtown Expressway) to downtown Richmond. To access I-195 (Beltline Expressway) northbound, motorist would have to use Idlewood Avenue's west leg after crossing over the Downtown Expressway. SR 161 approaches a one-way pair SR 147 east of Carytown where the eastbound lanes are known as Cary Street and the westbound: Main Street (east leg) and Ellwood Avenue (west leg). The crossing of Main Street is where SR 161 transitions from South to North Arthur Ashe Boulevard. The state highway continues north passing the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts (SR 315), the eastern terminus of SR 6 (Kensington Avenue), and around the Stonewall Jackson monument on historic Monument Avenue before reaching US 33/US 250 Broad Street. The state highway continues northeast crossing over CSX's Richmond Terminal Subdivision, passing Greyhound Lines Richmond station on the left and The Diamond on the right. Near the Arthur Ashe Athletic Center is an intersection with Robin Hood Road to the east and Ellen Road to the west. To access I-95 south and I-64 east, motorist would use Robin Hood Road. SR 161 keeps straight crossing under I-95/I-64 to its interchange with the north and westbound lanes (I-95 exit 78). Upon reaching the intersection of Westwood Avenue with the southeast leg being Brookland Parkway, the highway changes names to Hermitage Road. The highway then continues north to an intersection with SR 197 (Laburnum Avenue). There is a monument statue of AP Hill in the center of the intersection. The highway heads north through a residential zone to another interchange with I-95 (southbound only) to I-64 (I-95 exit 80) before crossing into Henrico County near Joseph Bryan Park.

Paragraph 15: Borosilicate glass has become the material of choice for fused deposition modeling (FDM), or fused filament fabrication (FFF), build plates.  Its low coefficient of expansion makes borosilicate glass, when used in combination with resistance-heating plates and pads, an ideal material for the heated build platform onto which plastic materials are extruded one layer at a time. The initial layer of build must be placed onto a substantially flat, heated surface to minimize shrinkage of some build materials (ABS, polycarbonate, polyamide, etc.) due to cooling after deposition. Depending on the material used, the build plate will cycle from room temperature to between 50 °C and 130 °C for each prototype that is built.  The temperature, along with various coatings (Kapton tape, painter's tape, hair spray, glue stick, ABS+acetone slurry, etc.), ensure that the first layer may be adhered to and remain adhered to the plate, without warping, as the first and subsequent layers cool following extrusion. Subsequently, following the build, the heating elements and plate are allowed to cool. The resulting residual stress formed when the plastic contracts as it cools, while the glass remains relatively dimensionally unchanged due to the low coefficient of thermal expansion, provides a convenient aid in removing the otherwise mechanically bonded plastic from the build plate. In some cases the parts self-separate as the developed stresses overcome the adhesive bond of the build material to the coating material and underlying plate.

Paragraph 16: On January 22, 2011, La Máscara made his Japanese debut, when he took part in the Fantastica Mania 2011 weekend, co-promoted by CMLL and New Japan Pro-Wrestling in Tokyo. During the first night, he teamed with Tiger Mask in a tag team match, where they were defeated by Dragón Rojo, Jr. and Tomohiro Ishii. The following night, he, Máscara Dorada and La Sombra successfully defended the CMLL World Trios Championship against La Ola Amarilla (Okumura, Tetsuya Naito and Yujiro Takahashi). In April 2011, La Máscara began feuding with the WWE bound Averno, which led to CMLL booking the two to face each other in a Mask vs. Mask Lucha de Apuesta on June 17. On June 17 at Juicio Final, La Máscara picked up the biggest win of his career by defeating Averno two falls to one and forcing him to unmask himself. Afterwards, La Máscara and Averno continued their rivalry, building up to another singles match on July 4, where Averno successfully defended the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship. On July 15, La Generación Dorada lost the CMLL World Trios Championship to Los Hijos del Averno (Averno, Ephesto and Mephisto). After La Máscara pinned Averno in a six-man tag team match on July 22, the two agreed to another match for the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship on July 29, where Averno was again able to retain the title. La Máscara and Averno faced each other again on September 9 in the second round of the Universal Championship tournament, where Averno once again was victorious. On November 22, La Máscara defeated Averno to win the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship. He would go on to lose the title to Volador Jr. on February 14, 2012. On January 18, 2013, La Máscara returned to Japan to take part in the three-day Fantastica Mania 2013 event. During the first night, he teamed with Máscara Dorada and Máximo in a six-man tag team match, where they were defeated by Taichi, Taka Michinoku and Volador Jr. During the second night, he, Hiroshi Tanahashi and Rush were defeated in a six-man tag team match by Kazuchika Okada, Rey Escorpión and Volador Jr. During the third and final night, La Máscara successfully defended the Mexican National Light Heavyweight Championship against Volador Jr. La Máscara was once again forced to team up with Averno, for the 2013 Torneo Nacional de Parejas Increibles, just like he was for the 2012 tournament. The team worked together without too many problems in the first round as they defeated the team of El Hijo de Fantasma and El Felino, but stumbled in the second round as they lost to eventual tournament winners La Sombra and Volador Jr. On April 7, La Máscara returned to New Japan Pro-Wrestling at Invasion Attack, where he and Valiente unsuccessfully challenged Tama Tonga and El Terrible for the CMLL World Tag Team Championship. On June 30, La Máscara, Rush and Titán defeated Los Invasores (Kráneo, Mr. Águila and Psicosis) to win the Mexican National Trios Championship. On August 13, La Máscara lost the Mexican National Light Heavyweight Championship to Mephisto. On October 18, La Máscara and Rush were awarded the CMLL World Tag Team Championship, when Rey Bucanero, one half of the previous champions, was unable to defend the title due to an injury. On February 18, 2014, La Máscara, Rush and Titán lost the Mexican National Trios Championship to La Peste Negra (El Felino, Mr. Niebla and Negro Casas). On June 13, La Máscara and Rush lost the CMLL World Tag Team Championship to Negro Casas and Shocker.

Paragraph 17: Silver, who is going simply by her last name, is introduced during the pilot and quickly becomes good friends with Annie Wilson, and develops a romantic interest in Annie's adopted brother Dixon Wilson, which quickly blossoms into a relationship. Before the first season, Silver warns Annie not to trust Naomi Clark, informing her that they were once best friends. Silver tells Annie that during their friendship, Silver confided in Naomi about her father's affair, but that Naomi caused it to become public knowledge; this resulted in Silver's mother relapsing. During the series, Silver celebrates her half-birthday because her mother always seems to mess up her real birthday. In "By Accident", Dixon dumps Silver after taking advice from his mother, but later in 'Help Me, Rhonda' they get back together after Silver finally admits that she is in love with him. On Valentine's Day, Dixon and Silver lose their virginity to one another. It has been clear from the start of the season that Silver has a slightly manic personality, but in "Life's a Drag", she becomes more unbalanced. She visits Dixon at the Peach Pit, where they end up having sex. Silver secretly tapes it and then shows the tape to an entire theater, causing Dixon to break up with her. She ends up breaking into Ryan Matthews' house, claiming that he destroyed her relationship with Dixon, and threatening him with a bottle of wine unless he fixes everything. Silver then attempts to run away to Kansas, stating repeatedly that going there would help her solve her problems with Dixon. At the station, a stranger notices her erratic behavior, and after she falls asleep, borrows her phone and calls someone to come get her. Dixon and his mother and father find her on the train tracks. Dixon remembers his birth mother, who had bipolar disorder, displayed the same symptoms, and realizes that Silver suffers from it also. Dixon calms Silver down and they take her to the hospital. Soon, Silver finds it unbearable to go back to West Beverly High due to the gossip surrounding her recent behavior, and decides to move to St. Claire's School. She initially tries to make a fresh start, but another girl recognizes her and wants her to be honest with the other students, going so far as doing a hunger strike until Silver sends the video to everyone. Silver then reprimands her because she's now considered a slut by everyone else. After Dixon gets a large number of students to vote for her as a write-in, Silver is awarded the West Bev "prom queen" at that year's prom, but admits that she's not prom material, which creates distance between her and Dixon. Later at Naomi's after party, whilst swimming, Dixon and Ethan end up confronting one another, which leads to Ethan Ward admitting that he likes her. Silver later runs into Ethan and asks him about his statement, she tells him that they are just friends, to which Ethan responds by kissing her and telling her that he doesn't think that they're just friends and that he doesn't want them to be just friends.

Paragraph 18: Bullock and another of the YMCA designée followed the 369th all the way to the banks of the Rhine leading other units and accorded distinction because of the quality of its trenches. Bullock was singled out for noting his steadfast support of the soldiers during the worst of the battle. Bullock was called of "especially valiant service” noting he "could be seen at all times making his way under tremendous shell fire that he might reach his men with necessary supplies; … (and) in giving first aid to the wounded.” Bullock was recommended for the Croix de Guerre medal for leadership and bravery but it wasn't approved by the white colonel as described in the autobiography of John Hope. Hope had been stationed in Paris. Rev. Benjamin Robeson wrote about the issue in a letter to the New York Age. Robeson begins "It is not long ago that all New York anxiously, confidently bade adieu to this history-making regiment. Believing them capable, knowing them to be fearless, depending upon them to brighten the memory of their fathers, you watched, waited, and listened.…" <blockquote>I wish to speak of one who still plods the path of duty with an infectious smile, happy and patient because he knows time will dip her pen in the ink of justice and rightly reward him. </p> I refer to Secretary Bullock (we call him Matt) who wears the badge of the faithful and walks with the step of the worthy.… Just before that memorial drive of September 25 … Bullock went to Chalons, faced the authorities, and said: 'I have nothing to give my men and they storm the heights tomorrow. I must have something or I cannot go back.' (eventually received his requests and) the campaign was on. </p> Every morning as the cannon were belching, men falling and bullets whizzing, over the hill came a human form. On his back were strapped (supplies…) On he came, now and then dropping for shelter.… Men wondered why he came into that region of death. When twilight wrapped the hills in its shadows, back came the same form empty handed; weary, but game. His coming and going stopped when there was no regiment to serve. </p> He wears no Croix de Guerre upon his breast, but within his breast throbs the spirit of devotion - devotion to God, country and race. The multitudes will see no D. S. C. to testify to his courage in that hour, but listen to the reflective melody sung by the boys of the old Fifteenth and you will hear of a faithfulness and service approaching that of the lowly Nazarene. No Legion of Honor will proclaim his rank with the worthy, but as long as one member of this grand old regiment breathes the breath of life the name of Matthew W. Bullock will be heard and its worth will be sung. </p> Let us all honor the uncrowned here.</blockquote>

Paragraph 19: Graeter's was founded in 1870 by Louis Charles Graeter founded at 3781 quadrant drive north bend Ohio originally specializing in Buckeyes manufacturing. Louis Charles Graeter who was of German ancestry, with his wife, Anna. At first, he sold the ice cream at the Court Street Market at the base of Sycamore Hill in Cincinnati's Pendleton neighborhood. At the time, ice cream was considered a novelty, but the business quickly gained a following in the neighborhood. The business established a storefront on Sycamore Street. By 1883, the business employed three men and had two wagons delivering ice cream. Around that time, though, Louis Graeter stepped away from the business, taking $1,000 and leaving it in debt. His brother, Fred Graeter, maintained the business after Anna left, bringing it out of debt. Louis Graeter spent time in Stockton, California, where he remarried for a time and eventually returned to Cincinnati around 1900. It was around this time that the ice cream business began producing its product in French pots. Louis Graeter married a third time, to Regina Berger, the daughter of a prominent Cincinnati businessman with a strong reputation in the community. Together, Graeter and his new wife set up a home at 967 East McMillan St. in the Walnut Hills neighborhood, producing and selling ice cream on the bottom floor of the property.

Paragraph 20: In the 1730s only twenty modest houses stood along the east side of the common (in 1763 there were about thirty, of which seven stood empty); but from the 1780s on, large houses for military officers began to replace these cottages. One of the largest, Cube House, was built by Charles Hutton, professor of mathematics at the Royal Military Academy, in 1792; he had bought a parcel of land at the southern end as a speculative venture, and went on to build a number of large houses on the site. In 1804–5, the new Royal Military Academy having been built just across the road, the Crown purchased Hutton's land; Cube House was converted into a hospital for the cadets (it was later rebuilt to house the Governor of the RMA), and several other houses were adapted for use by other senior officers of the Academy. Other grand developments on this side of the common included the villas Belmont Place (1840), Clarence Place (rebuilt after a fire in 1840), Adelaide Place and Belle Vue, as well as Queen's Terrace (1830) and Kempt Terrace (1832/1850). General Gordon was born at Kempt Terrace, 29 Woolwich Common, in 1833. Between 1972 and 1975 all of this was demolished after a long and bitter conservation battle to make room for social housing (Woolwich Common Estate).

Paragraph 21:  June 5, 1970: A false high pressure signal due to instrument failure on the Dresden II reactor pressure control system caused turbine valves to dump steam (a "turbine trip"), which in turn automatically initiated a SCRAM. Void collapse in the reactor water caused the reactor water level to drop, which resulted in an automatic increase in feedwater flow. The feedwater pumps then tripped on low suction pressure. One pump turned back on automatically when the low suction pressure signal reset, feeding water rapidly into the now lower-pressure reactor vessel. Water level in the reactor rose rapidly until water entered the main steam lines. At this point, the false high pressure signal disappeared. The turbine dump valves closed, increasing back pressure in the reactor vessel and slowing the feedwater inlet flow. Cooling reactor water temperature caused further void collapse. Reactor water level began to rapidly lower once again. This again automatically caused the feedwater system to increase the flow rate into the vessel, and began to raise reactor water level. As cooler feedwater was again rapidly pumped into the reactor, void collapse caused water level to lower. The feedwater system responded by increasing feedwater flow. However, the indicator needle on the water level recorder stuck, which caused the operator to assume level had stopped rising in the reactor. The operator began increasing feedwater flow in order to raise water level in the reactor, manually overriding the automatic control system. The operator never checked a second indicator that showed the increasing level. Reactor water level continued rising and flooded the main steam lines. Two minutes later, the operator tapped on the water level recorder and the water level needle became unstuck, at which point the operator began reacting to the now high water level by manually reducing feedwater flow. At this point, the operator manually opened a steam line relief valve to reduce rising reactor pressure. However, due to the earlier introduction of water into the main steam lines, a hydrostatic shock occurred in the steam lines, which caused a safety valve to open, admitting steam and water into the drywell causing drywell pressure to increase. This caused the initiation of safety injection systems, and for the next 30 minutes reactor water level and pressure seesawed as the operators attempted to stabilize the reactor. It was not until two hours later that reactor level, reactor pressure and drywell pressure were reduced to normal. The movie The China Syndrome bases its initial plot device on this event, with the needle becoming unstuck when the operator taps the recorder.

Paragraph 22: While on a peacekeeping mission in the former Yugoslavia, Major Shepherd disobeyed a direct order and returned for an injured soldier under his command.  This was the first time he would deliver his code "Everybody comes home."  Shortly after the rescue the soldier died in Major Shepherd's arms, but Major Shepherd didn't feel that the rescue attempt was a waste because he got to return the body to the young man's family.  After this incident, the Army nearly court-martialled Major Shepherd for disobeying a direct order; however, they instead accepted his resignation.  Despite the discharge, he continued to have the respect of his fellow soldiers.

Paragraph 23: At the end of 2006, the Delta Chapter of Delta Zeta at DePauw University became enmeshed in a controversy that would eventually make national headlines and result in the chapter's closure. The Delta Zeta national leadership was criticized after The New York Times published an article accusing the National office of moving certain members of the Delta Chapter at DePauw University to alumnae status based on their perceived attractiveness. Founded in 1909, the Delta chapter was the sorority's second oldest active chapter and its fourth oldest chapter overall (a "single letter" chapter). Despite its long history at DePauw, the Delta Zeta chapter struggled with declining membership and had acquired a negative reputation on campus. As a result, the Delta chapter members voted to request Delta Zeta Sorority to close the chapter due to falling numbers and lack of interest in recruitment. When notified of the chapter decision,  Delta Zeta Sorority arranged a chapter membership review and chapter reorganization rather than close the chapter completely. Several of the members that were moved to alumnae status (and therefore required to move out of the Delta Zeta house at DePauw) argued that they were moved to alumnae status due to their perceived unattractiveness, weight, or ethnicity and contacted the media.

Paragraph 24: Clinically, the syndrome affects at least three organs and may affect many organ systems. The syndrome usually occurs with small vessel thromboses affecting organ systems such as the gastrointestinal tract and manifestations of the acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), a type of systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS). Peripheral thrombosis may be encountered affecting veins and arteries. Intra-abdominal thrombosis may lead to pain. The body contains β2-GPI, a glycoprotein in the blood, which is considered a natural anticoagulant due to its inhibitory effects on certain aspects of platelet synthesis and function. Because the formation of anti-β2-GPI antibodies can occur after exposure to bacteria, the body favors a hypercoagulable state, which has been noted to activate toll-like receptor 4 resulting in what is known as a cytokine storm or a thrombotic storm. A thrombotic storm may also occur due to the following precipitating events: alterations in coagulation and fibrinolysis, which induce high mortality rates, and infections amongst pediatric patients where IgM and IgG anti-β2-GPI antibodies induce an endothelial signal, leading to a procoagulant state. It is also hypothesized that thrombotic storms occur due to prothrombotic genetic risk factors, which trigger a sped-up form of thrombosis after its first occurrence, rather than being caused solely by environmental factors. Cardiovascular, nervous, kidney, and lung system complications are common. More specifically with the heart, Asherson's syndrome can lead to complications such as mitral valve regurgitation (MVR) in which the mitral valve does not shut properly allowing backflow of blood into the heart as well as angina (chest pain) and myocardial infarction (heart attack). Furthermore, complications in the kidneys may occur, including low urine production and high blood pressure, while complications with the lungs can result in rapid breathing (hyperventilation) and low oxygen levels (hypoxemia). The affected individual may exhibit skin purpura and necrosis. Cerebral manifestations may lead to encephalopathy and seizures. Myocardial infarctions may occur. Strokes may occur due to the arterial clotting involvement. Death may result from multiple organ failure.

Paragraph 25: The length of time that a prospective candidate remains a postulant may vary depending on the institution, or the postulant's individual situation. Among active religious institutions, it typically lasted 4–6 months. At present, many monasteries have a candidate spend 1–2 years in this stage. In the Catholic church the implementing instruction Cor orans determines that a postulancy in a contemplative community has a minimum duration of twelve months but it must not exceed two years. During this time, the postulant generally participates as fully as possible in the life of the community, joining the novices and professed members and living with the community. Usually, the postulant joins the formal education that is given to the novices. Some communities prefer the postulants to wear a specific garb (as this was rather common until the release of the Decree on the Adaptation and Renewal of Religious Life) in 1963, in other communities they wear own plain clothes until the formal investiture ceremony.

Paragraph 26: There are five year-round haunted houses in the Clifton Hill area. The House of Frankenstein, located next to Ripley's 4D Moving Theater, Dracula's Haunted Castle, next to the Big Top Entertainment Centre, and the Haunted House, are on Clifton Hill itself, while Nightmares Fear Factory is located on Victoria Avenue. Two additional haunted houses were previously located on Victoria Avenue: Screamers House of Horrors, which was renamed Haunted Asylum shortly before its closure in 2014, and Creatures of the Night, which had the same owners and acted as a second part of Screamers. Following the closure of Haunted Asylum, the building became a hybrid haunted house/zombie paintball shooting range known as Screaming Tunnels, named after the famously haunted tunnel of the same name in the northwest corner of Niagara Falls, but that attraction closed in 2018 and is now a complex containing a Popeyes and an Osmow's Shawarma restaurant. Creatures of the Night was replaced by a 4D theatre known as Dino Rampage 4D, and is now an Outback Steakhouse. There was previously another alien-themed haunted house known as Alien Encounter at the corner of Clifton Hill and Victoria Avenue. This attraction closed in 2006 and the site is now occupied by a currency exchange.

Paragraph 27: Under CEQA, every agency in the state "is encouraged to develop and publish thresholds of significance" against which to compare the environmental impacts of projects.  Such thresholds are to be published for public review and supported by substantial evidence before their adoption.  A lead agency will normally consider the environmental impacts of a project to be significant if and only if they exceed established thresholds of significance. According to a 2001 survey, however, few agencies have actually developed thresholds of significance.  The survey's analysts wondered, "if most agencies are not developing thresholds and publishing them for public review, then what criteria are they using?". In absence of thresholds of significance developed independently by lead agencies, impact assessments apply the significant criteria detailed in Appendix G, Environmental Checklist, of the CEQA Statutes and Guidelines, which is produced by the California Office of Planning and Research (OPR). Lead agencies can also defer to authority agencies that publish their recommended guidelines for the resources they regulate. Examples of this include the California Department of Conservation has threshold tests for assessing impacts to agricultural resources using the LESA model, and the Bay Area Air Quality Management District has published guidelines for air quality impacts.

Paragraph 28: Rick Swan reviewed the Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign for Dragon magazine #210 (October 1994). Having also reviewed the Player's Guide to the Forgotten Realms Campaign in the same column, he declares: "For the hapless souls intimidated by the sprawl of Dragonlance (and the equally imposing Forgotten Realms setting) TSR comes to the rescue with these two Player's Guides. While the content is familiar—old hat, in fact, to veteran AD&D game players—the format is brand-new. Gone are [...] everything that makes novices feel like they've wandered into a foreign country. Instead of using rules, the books illustrate key concepts with original fiction, as whimsical as fairy tales and a treat to read." Swan called the Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign "the better of the two", explaining that it "boasts crisp writing and a generous selection of maps and portraits". He also felt that "Lucid explanations make this a good resource as well as a good read. Take, for instance, the Knights of Solamnia, an order of chivalrous warriors who fell out of favor prior to the War of the Lance. The responsibilities and membership requirements of the knights have been discussed in umpteen previous supplements [...] But for the novice, the game lingo in the earlier books made life difficult; it's hard to get a handle on the ethos of a Knight of the Rose when you're still struggling with proficiency bonuses. The Player's Guide, however, provides clutter-free summaries. A novice who doesn't know a proficiency bonus from a ping-pong ball will come away with a clear understanding of the Rose Knights' commitment to justice and how it relates to the legacy of Huma Dragonbane." Swan did have a few complaints: "By downplaying the conflict between good and evil that forms the backbone of the Dragonlance mythos, the book fails to capture the epic scope of the early novels. [...] Familiar characters, such as Flint Fireforge and Sturm Brightblade, receive only single-paragraph biographies. For those interested in using Ansalon as a campaign setting, it would've been nice to suggest which supplements they need. Swan concluded his review by saying: "Make no mistake. These books are intended as introductions, providing broad overviews for beginners. Serious players who want serious answers can skip the Player's Guides and go right to the Tales of the Lance boxed set (for the Dragonlance setting) and the revised in 1993 edition Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting set. But if you’re not ready for the big time, or if you're more curious than committed, try the Player's Guides first."

Paragraph 29: The P class had a more streamlined hull shape than previous Zeppelins, with only 60 m (197 ft) of the  overall length being parallel sided.  Power was initially provided by four  Maybach CX six cylinder engines. Later examples were fitted with four  Maybach HSLu engines.  The  framework was divided into sixteen  bays, with an intermediate frame between each of the principal wire-braced ring frames to reduce lateral loads on the triangular section longitudinal girders, of which there were 17, the uppermost of which was doubled to form a W-section girder.  The 16 gasbags were usually made from three layers of goldbeater's skin on a cotton backing, but shortages meant that sometimes heavier rubberised cotton was used instead.  Automatic pressure relief valves were placed at the bottom of the gasbags: there was no trunking to carry vented hydrogen to the top of the craft and waste gas simply diffused upwards in the space between gasbags and the covering, whose top surface was left undoped to allow the hydrogen to escape.  Some gasbags were also fitted with a manually operated manoeuvering valve at the top.  The ship was controlled from the forward gondola, which was divided into two structurally separate sections in order to avoid transmission of engine vibration to the crew accommodation: the small gap between the two sections was faired over with fabric.  The forward section was divided into three compartments, with the control area at the front; aft of this was the radio compartment, and then the officer's rest area, the windows of which had a machine-gun mounting either side.  The engine compartment contained a single engine driving a propeller at the rear through a reduction gear.  The aft engine gondola carried three engines arranged in line, the aft engine driving a propeller at the back of the gondola and the other two driving a pair of propellers mounted either side of the hull.  These were reversible to aid manoeuvering during mooring.  As in the forward gondola, a machine-gun mounting was fitted either side.  Further defensive armament consisted of a single machine gun in a small cockpit at the stern behind the rudders and a gun position mounting two or three machine guns on top of the hull, which was reached by a ladder from the forward gondola.  The bomb load was slung from the keel girders, the bombs being electrically released from the control car.

Paragraph 30: Matanzas was one of the regions that saw intensive development of sugar plantations during the colonial era. Consequently, many African slaves were imported to support the sugar industry, particularly during the first half of the nineteenth century. For example, in 1792 there were 1900 slaves in Matanzas, roughly 30% of its population. In 1817, the slave population of Matanzas had grown to 10,773, comprising nearly 50% of the overall population. By 1841, 53,331 slaves made up 62.7% of the population of Matanzas. Census figures for 1859 put the Matanzas slave population at 104,519. Matanzas was the site of several slave insurrections and plots, including the infamous Escalera conspiracy (discovered in late 1843). Due to the high number of both slaves and, importantly, free Afro-Cubans in Matanzas, the retention of African traditions is especially strong there. In 1898, Matanzas became the location of the first action in the Spanish–American War. The city was bombarded by American Navy vessels on April 25, 1898, just after the beginning of the war.