Paragraph 1: The story opens with an unknown narrator addressing a letter to someone referred to as "V". The narrator writes his letter from New York having obtained "V" 's address from a mutual acquaintance, Gleb Alexandrovich Gekko, who finds "V"'s writings to be anti-nationalist. Both "V" and the narrator are revealed to be Russian born immigrants who spent time together in France and the narrator recalls his literary excursions with "V" but admits he is no longer a poet. The narrator explains that after "V"'s departure from France he married a much younger woman. Although the narrator states he has papers to prove matrimony he is certain his wife was not a real entity and he is therefore "...able to speak of her with as much detachment as I would of a character in a story..." Due to the narrator's published criticism of Germany he admits attempting to expatriate from occupied France using his wife's relatives in New York but they never responded. Through other contacts, the narrator reveals he was able secure passage towards Paris to await the necessary papers for full departure to the United States. The narrator and his wife depart and travel by train across the country, spending their honeymoon witnessing refugees and destitution. During this period the narrator's wife laments what conditions their dog would have to endure should they have bought a dog and left that dog behind to face its own death. Traveling to Nice by railway the narrator is separated from his wife when he briefly departs at a stop for food, having both tickets with him. Unable to locate his wife the narrator decides to travel to the following stop in Montpellier sending telegrams for her hoping he will find her having traveled ahead to their destination. After arriving in Nice the narrator receives little help from police as he reflects on his misfortune in comparison to the stories he hears concerning people of Jewish descent from his fellow Russian immigrants. A week passes and the narrator discovers his wife by chance at a nearby market. His wife explains she sought help from the Commissariat and a few elderly women refugees who provided the means to reach her and her husband's destination. Soon after the wife changes her story during an intimate moment to reveal she spent her time with another man in Montpellier with whom she had relations with. The narrator demands to be given every detail of her memories during the days that follow while awaiting paperwork that will allow for escape from the country. His wife states while upset that it is possible she did not do it, it is possible that she did it to test him, and it is possible there is a multiplicity in her experience.

Paragraph 2: On May 5, 1864, Union Major General Benjamin F. Butler and his Army of the James landed at Bermuda Hundred, a neck of land north of City Point at the confluence of the James and Appomattox Rivers, only  south of Richmond. Marching overland, they advanced within  of Drewry's Bluff by May 9. While several Union regiments did manage to capture Fort Darling's outer defenses, delays by Union generals spoiled the success. Confederate infantry under General P. G. T. Beauregard seized the initiative and successfully counterattacked on May 16. Once again a Union drive on Richmond had been defeated at Drewry's Bluff.

Paragraph 3: On 13 June 1940, she escorted the aircraft carrier  when she launched an air attack on Trondheim, Norway.  In heavy fog, the admiral ordered the formation to turn into the wind so Ark Royal could launch aircraft. The destroyer screen was in arrowhead formation ahead of the capital ships; Electra in the port wing,  in the starboard wing.  The message "Blue nine repeat Blue nine – Executive signal." to turn was given on a low-power short-range radio.  Apparently, the telegraphist of Antelope missed the signal; as a result, Antelope continued on course while Electra executed the turn.  Suddenly, Antelope appeared, cutting across the bows of Electra.  With no time to stop, Electra hit Antelope aft, in the wardroom pantry, just aft of the engine room.  One man from Antelope climbed up Electras anchor chain to get away from the damaged area.  Her bow was severely damaged, and it took Electra and Antelope four days to get back to Scotland at slow speed.  She was repaired and refitted at the Ailsa Shipbuilding Company yard at Troon, South Ayrshire, Scotland through the end of August. Ailsa was noted primarily for the yachts it has built, and Electra was the largest repair job it had handled to date. Here she had her bow repaired, as well as having her after bank of torpedo tubes replaced by a 3-inch anti-aircraft (AA) gun, and one 20 mm Oerlikon fitted centrally on the light AA platform. Also, during the refit and repair time, the wardroom was painted in the team colours of the Glasgow Rangers football (soccer) team, which was the favourite team of the yard manager heading up the repair work. After conducting post-refit trials on 31 August, she joined the 3rd Destroyer Flotilla, Home Fleet, based at Scapa Flow.

Paragraph 4: Football first made its way onto the Iowa State campus in 1878 as a recreational sport, but it wasn't until 1892 that an organized group of athletes first represented Iowa State in football. In 1894, college president William M. Beardshear spearheaded the foundation of an athletic association to officially sanction Iowa State football teams. The 1894 team finished with a 6–1 mark, including a 16–8 victory over what is now the University of Iowa. One of the pioneers of football, Pop Warner, spent time at Iowa State early in his career. In 1895 despite already being the coach at Georgia he was offered $25 per week to come to Iowa State, whose season started in mid-August while Georgia's started a month later, as well as to provide weekly advice during the rest of the season. Soon after Warner left for Georgia, Iowa State had its first game of the season. Iowa State came into Evanston as the underdog Iowa State then defeated Northwestern 36–0. A Chicago sportswriter called the team "cornfed giants from Iowa" while the Chicago Tribune'''s headline read, "Struck by a Cyclone". Since then, Iowa State teams have been known as the Cyclones. Overall, the team had three wins and three losses and, like Georgia, Iowa State retained Warner for the next season. In 1896 the team had eight wins and two losses. Despite leaving Cornell in 1898, Warner remained as the head coach of Iowa State for another year. During his last three years at Iowa State the team had a winning season but Warner was unable to match his 1896 triumph. After playing at Iowa and then serving as an assistant coach for two years, Clyde Williams came to Ames as an assistant coach for ISU. Williams served as the Cyclones' head football coach for six seasons from 1907 to 1912. During that time, he had a coaching record of 32–15–2. This ranks him fifth at Iowa State in total wins and fourth at Iowa State in winning percentage. In addition, he led Iowa State to two Missouri Valley Conference football titles in 1911 and 1912, which are the only two conference football championships in school history. In addition to his football contributions Williams was the school's first men's basketball coach from 1908 to 1911, where he compiled a 20–29 record. He also served as Iowa State's baseball coach, and was their athletic director from 1914 to 1919. In 1914 Iowa State completed construction of their new football field and it was named Clyde Williams Field in honor of the former coach. Williams was inducted into the State of Iowa Hall of Fame in 1956.  He is also one of the few people inducted into both the University of Iowa Athletics Hall of Fame (inducted 1993) and the Iowa State athletics Hall of Fame (inducted 1997). The success Iowa State found in the inception of their football program was not replicated for most of the mid-20th century. In 1922 after having two different head coaches in as many years, ISU hired up-and-comer Sam Willaman away from East Technical HS in Cleveland, OH.  When Willaman came to Iowa state, he brought with him six of his former East Tech players, including Jack Trice.  Trice was the first African-American player at Iowa State, and one of the first African-Americans to play football in the Midwest.  Trice suffered a severe malicious injury during a game at Minnesota in 1923, and died from complications.  In 1997, Iowa State's Cyclone Stadium was renamed Jack Trice Stadium in his honor, becoming the first and as of 2020, the only, major college football stadium to be named for a black man. In his first season, Willaman's team finished with a 2–6 record, but posted a winning record in each of the three years that followed. His career coaching record at Iowa state was 14–15–3.  This ranks him 16th in total wins and 13th in winning percentage in Iowa State football history.

Paragraph 5: In 1902 Gardiner moved to Berlin, to help gather material for Adolf Erman's projected Egyptian dictionary, serving as a sub-editor from 1906 to 1908. From 1906 to 1912, he was the Laycock Fellow of Egyptology at Worcester College, Oxford. From 1909 he spent two seasons assisting Arthur Weigall in surveying private tombs in the Thebes area. From 1912 to 1914, he was Reader in Egyptology at the University of Manchester. He otherwise avoided formal academic posts and followed his own academic interests, family wealth enabling him to be financially independent. He was an honorary fellow of The Queen’s College, Oxford, his alma mater from 1935 until his death.

Paragraph 6: During a meal in a restaurant, Conor reveals to his date, Eleanor, that he lacked the money to pay for the bill. The two dine and dash. Years later, Conor runs a pub and is married to Eleanor. On a break, he visits Eleanor in their apartment, where she is depressed and confined to her bed after the death of their son. She tells him that she dreamed that he had an affair and she thinks it would be better for them if he did cheat on her. Conor is upset by what she is saying, but dismisses it. The following day, returning home, he finds the apartment empty and receives a phone call that Eleanor has been hospitalized following a suicide attempt. At the hospital Eleanor tells him she wants to separate and asks him to let her disappear for a while. Shortly after, Eleanor disconnects her phone and cuts off all communication. Not living in their apartment alone, Conor moves back in with his father. While discussing the failure of his marriage with his best friend Stu, Stu reveals to Conor that he saw Eleanor and believes she is taking classes at NYU. Conor begins to follow Eleanor. Eventually, he goes to one of her classes and passes her a note saying "Hi." Eleanor leaves the class and the two have an angry confrontation, with Eleanor insisting that he leave her alone. Conor is hit by a taxi cab as he leaves and Eleanor stays with him until the ambulance arrives. After going over the bills for his restaurant, Conor realizes they are losing money and cannot keep afloat. Depressed, he has a one-night stand with Alexis, the bartender of his restaurant. Conor goes to Eleanor's parents' home to try to see her, but instead is confronted by his mother-in-law, Mary, who gives him little information and suggests that he and Eleanor want different things now. Shortly after, Eleanor comes by the pub and the two rent a car and go for a drive. He tells her that he will be packing up their apartment the following week as he can no longer hold onto it. When it begins to rain and the windshield wipers do not work the two begin to kiss but Conor confesses he has slept with someone else. The two return to the city. Conor throws a closing party for his restaurant. While there, he sees a young couple on a date and notices that they try to dine and dash. He follows them, chasing down the man and tackling him. Ultimately, he decides to let him go. Conor goes to his former apartment to clean it out. He falls asleep, and when he wakes Eleanor is there. The two talk about their son and Eleanor reveals she can no longer remember what their son looked like. Conor tells her that he mostly looked like Eleanor, but with his eyes. The two sleep together, but by the time Conor wakes up, Eleanor is gone. Sometime later, Conor works at his father's restaurant. He decides to take a walk before the late night rush. As he walks, he does not notice he is being followed by a woman who appears to be Eleanor.

Paragraph 7: Some researchers have questioned the validity of the honor roll as an effective form of positive reinforcement. It is argued that the pursuit of extrinsic reward is not an accurate reflection of intrinsic interest in course material. Many other criteria should also be employed to judge a student including standardized test scores, research experience, breadth and the level of courses taken, and academic-related extracurriculars performance. Writing honors thesis or semi-independent research in a subject may be more signal of interest or academic potential than achieving the label of "Honors Student." There are also questions on the effectiveness of separating high-achieving students from their peers, in the form of magnet schools or honors courses or Gifted and Talented Education

Paragraph 8: Dwight has the most respect for Michael, viewing him as a model for success, and is thrilled when asked to handle any task given to him, however ill-conceived it may be. Although on the surface, Michael usually appears dismissive of Dwight and generally views him as a suck-up, he is genuinely hurt and angry at the few times when Dwight has deceived him, such as when Dwight went over Michael's head to vie for the manager's job or when Dwight refused to reveal office secrets to Michael's new company, the "Michael Scott Paper Company". In the episode "Heavy Competition" of Season 5, Dwight takes Michael's Rolodex and finds his own business card, on the back of which, Michael had written (before leaving Dunder Mifflin): "Dwight Schrute, tall, beets". Michael also cares how Dwight feels about him. After Michael beats Dwight at his own dojo, Michael finds out that Dwight no longer wanted Michael as his primary contact in case of an emergency which causes Michael to promote him from "Assistant to the Regional Manager" to "Assistant Regional Manager", with a three-month probational period. Dwight told Michael in Season 6 that Michael's pathetic career path hurt Dwight and he regretted working for him instead of taking a fast-track job at Home Depot, but they buried their differences later on. When Deangelo Vickers arrives to be the new Branch Manager, Dwight is depressed that he didn't get the job after Michael recommended him, only to learn from Gabe that Michael didn't recommend him after all.  At first Dwight is angry with Michael, but they make amends when Michael gives him a letter of recommendation on his final day at Dunder Mifflin.  They end the day with a paintball fight behind the building. In the series finale, Michael is the best man at Dwight's wedding after Jim arranges it.

Paragraph 9: In the fifth essay in The Personal Heresy, Lewis implied that the personal heresy started when the romantic critics, such as Wordsworth, diverted our attention away from the fruitful question, "What kind of composition is a poem?" to the barren question, "What kind of man is a poet?" But various statements from the letters and diary of Lewis show that this position was held for quite some time before the first essay was published, and there is some evidence of the development of this position in Lewis himself. On 14 February 1923 Lewis recorded his own comment that was made in a conversation with a friend, George Arnold Rink, "I suggest that the object of a work of art is not to be criticized but to be experienced and enjoyed" (All My Road Before Me, 197). This argues for treating a work of art objectively. Then, in 1923 Lewis addressed the Martlets, an undergraduate Oxford literary society to which he belonged, arguing that the personal life of author James Stephens, a popular Irish author, had little to do with understanding his works. On 6 May 1924 Lewis wrote about a conversation with William Bateson, formerly Professor of Biology at Cambridge, disagreeing with Bateson's idea that a poem was mostly about the author: "he observed that as he progressed he found his interest in a poem centered more and more round the author. I said this seemed to me inconsistent with real aesthetic experience." Lewis's views seem well developed already at this point, at least on the basic position. On 20 May 1926 Lewis wrote in his diary about the personal heresy, which includes the idea that poets are special, stating, "Are all our modern poets like this? Were the old ones so? It is almost enough to prove R. Graves’ contention that an artist is like a medium: a neurotic with an inferiority complex who gets his own back by attributing to himself abnormal powers. And indeed I have noticed in myself a ridiculous tendency to indulge in poetical complacency as a consolation when I am ill at ease thro’ managing ordinary life worse than usual"  In 1930 Lewis addressed the Martlets, this time as an Oxford Don, developing his thinking more fully. In that same year, E.M.W. Tillyard published a major work on John Milton, in which he wrote, "All poetry is about the poet's state of mind." To understand Paradise Lost correctly, he stated, one must read it as an "expression of Milton's personality." Then, on 14 June 1932, Lewis wrote to his brother Warren about the virtues of Thackeray vs. Trollope after having just finished rereading Thackeray's Pendennis. While he thought of Thackeray as a genius, he also thought that Trollope wrote the better books, books that don't knock you down with their power and depth. He stated, "What I don't care twopence about is the sense (apparently dear to so many) of being in the hands of 'a great man'--you know; his dazzling personality, his lightning energy, the strange force of his mind--and all that. So that I quite definitely prefer Trollope--or rather this re-reading of Pendennis confirms my long standing preference" (Collected Letters, Vol. II, 82). Also in 1932, Essays and Studies published Lewis’ essay, "What Chaucer Really Did to Il Filostrato." The title of the essay explains the content, i.e. that when Chaucer (1343–1400) revised the love poem Il Filostrato by Giovanni Boccaccio (1313–1375) in his Troilus and Criseyde he medievalized it, using a medieval rhetoric and didactic style. For example, Chaucer made Troilus less of a “lady-killer,” to use Lewis’ phrase. That shows up both in Chaucer's writing of the story and in his telling of the erotic nature of the story. An aspect of what was becoming Lewis’ contribution to The Personal Heresy showed up near the end of the essay, when Lewis mentioned Lascelles Abercrombie. Abercrombie had written an article, “A Plea for the Liberty of Interpreting,” for The Proceedings of the British Academy (1930). Lewis summarized Abercrombie's position as one that preferred the effect of Chaucer's Troilus on us now over that which it had on its original medieval audience. Lewis’ response demonstrated his conviction that much of the medieval age was closer to the world of universal ideas than the Renaissance was and, therefore, to be preferred and disagreeing with Abercrombie that we must first understand what a text said to its original audience before applying it to our situation today.

Paragraph 10: Canadian Pacific Railway retained a 33% ownership in the new company and the Washington Corporation obtained the remaining 67%. The new railroad was headquartered in Davenport, Iowa, with Nahant Yard becoming the base for most operations and locomotive maintenance. Heavy locomotive repairs were handled by National Railway Equipment in Silvis, Illinois. Train dispatching was first handled by the Canadian Pacific, but those duties were later performed by the Montana Rail Link in Missoula, Montana, which is another Washington subsidiary.  IMRL's principal commodities included steel, coal, agricultural and chemical products. The railroad operated with 2,284 freight cars and 118 locomotives. Train operations continued much as they did during Soo Line and CP Rail ownership.

Paragraph 11: It is a tree reaching 12 meters in height. Its branches have gray bark and are sparsely covered in fine pale brown hairs. Its leathery, oval to lance-shaped leaves are 6-18 by 3–6.5 centimeters with pointed to tapering tips and rounded or pointed to shallowly pointed bases.  The upper surfaces of the leaves are matt and hairless and the undersides have sparse fine hairs. The leaves have 7-11 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its petioles are 2-6 by 1-2 millimeters and covered in sparse fine hairs. Its inflorescence are composed of up to 3 flowers on a rachis that is covered in pale brown velvety hair. Each flower is born on a fleshy pedicel that is 10-16 by 0.7-0.9 millimeters and densely covered in fine brown hairs. Oval bracts at the base of pedicels are 1-1.5 by 1 millimeters while those at top are 1-1.5 by 1-1.5 millimeters. Its oval to triangular sepals are 1.5-2.5 by 2.5-3 millimeters. The outer surfaces of the sepals have sparse, fine, brown hairs; the inner surfaces are hairless or nearly so. Its flowers have 6 petals in two rows of three. The white, oval, outer petals are 13-21 by 10-16 millimeters with pointed tips and wavy margins when mature.  Both surfaces of the outer petals are sparsely covered in fine hairs. The inner petals are 9-15 by 5.5-11 millimeters and white with pink to purple highlights on their margins.  The inner petals have a narrow claw below a somewhat tri-lobed blade, with the outer lobes rounded and the middle one pointed. The apices of the inner petals converge but are not fused. The outer surfaces of the inner petals are densely covered in fine hairs; the inner surface is covered in woolly hairs near tip. Its flowers have numerous oblong stamen are 0.9-1.4 by 0.6-0.7 millimeters. Its flowers have up to 16 carpels that are 0.9-1.5 by 0.7-0.9 millimeters. Its ovaries have 5-10 ovules. Its fruit are found in clusters of 4–8.  The oblong, sometimes kidney-shaped fruit are 1.6-3.8 by 1-1.8 centimeters. The fruit are warty to a variable degree, have a longitudinal ridge, and are sparsely covered in fine pale brown hairs. The fruit are born on 6-15 by 3–4.5 millimeter stipes that are sparsely covered in fine, gray-brown hairs. The stipes are attached to a pedicels that is 9-17 by 1.5-4.5 millimeters and sparsely covered in fine hairs. The fruit have 5-10 seeds that are 10-12 by 7-9 millimeters.

Paragraph 12: The Phillies' first May game opened a series with the Washington Nationals on May 2. The Nationals won, 5–3, despite a quality start by Lee. Philadelphia won game two 7–2, thanks to a strong start from A. J. Burnett (the first Phillies starter of the season to win a home game), a Cody Asche home run and four–for-five hitting by Jimmy Rollins. The Phillies took the series' rubber match, 1–0, with a strong start from Roberto Hernandez and a first-inning RBI triple by Jimmy Rollins. The team then hosted the Toronto Blue Jays, with Kyle Kendrick starting against former Phillie J. A. Happ in the series' first game. The Phillies lost, 3–0; Kendrick had no run support, losing his eighth consecutive decision (dating back to 2013) despite a "decent" ERA. The club lost the next night as well, with Cole Hamels giving up five runs in six innings; despite a sixth-inning grand slam by Asche to tie the game, the Blue Jays came back in extra innings for a 6–5 win. The home-and-home series then moved to Toronto for two games, where the Phillies gave up nine runs in the seventh inning of the first game to lose 10–0. After the game, Shawn Camp was outrighted from the roster and Luis García recalled. The series concluded the next night, with five Blue Jays home runs giving them a 12–6 win. The Phillies then began a three-game series at Citi Field with the New York Mets. Hernandez started game one, pitching five innings and allowing one run; in his first hit of the day, Marlon Byrd batted in Chase Utley (the go-ahead run) in the top of the 11th inning. Papelbon saved the game in the bottom of the 11th and the Phillies won 3–2, snapping a four-game losing streak. They won another one-run game (5–4) the next night; Ryan Howard's RBI single in the top of the ninth gave the Phillies the lead, and Papelbon recorded his 11th save of the season. In the final game of the series Hamels consistently had "an answer" to the Mets' offense, throwing a career-high 133 pitches in seven innings, allowing one run and striking out 10 hitters. Entering the ninth inning, the Phillies led 4–1; with Papelbon unavailable, Antonio Bastardo and Hernandez squandered the lead and the Phillies lost 5–4 in 11 innings. The teams finished a series which was " ... ugly, between two deeply flawed teams: more than 12 hours of game time, nearly 80 runners left on base combined."

Paragraph 13: The final report of the CIAC was presented in November 2008; among its arguments were the declaration of "illegitimacy" to the commercial tranches and the need of recognizing the joint responsibly comprehended in managing the debt, the annulment of illegitimate obligations and the compensation for the damages caused. President, Rafael Correa, declared on 12 December the moratorium of the external debt, on the tranche of Global bonds 2012 and 2030. Global bonds 2010 represented a capital of 510 million dollars. In February 2009, he likewise declared the moratorium on Global bonds 2030; they added up to a capital of 2,700 million dollars. With this declaration, Correa undertook the definition of a proposal directed to creditors, despite the warnings from the market analysts that the country would suffer the terrible consequences of having refused to pay the debt when it had all the necessary resources in order to do so. The market speculated on the scope of Ecuador’s plan. Options revolved around the renegotiation, restructuration, repurchase, exchange of documents, among others. The official proposal was presented on 20 April 2009; it consisted on repurchasing the bonds in circulation for up to 35 cents of their nominal values (price ceiling), appealing to an inverse reverse auction mechanism, by which the owed amount reduced just as the due date for closing the operation got closer. Ecuador finally announced, on June of the same year, that through the operation it had repurchased the bonds with a discount of up to 70 per cent. According to reports from the Minister of Finance of that time, Elsa Viteri, the net savings that came from this operation were 2,000 million dollars. However, when adding the savings concerning the service of the bonds, if their original settlement due date had arrived, the country saved 7,500 million dollars, according to Viteri. Ecuador, buy means of the repurchase and other actions concerning the management of its public debt, succeeded in lowering the service of its external obligations from almost the 40% to the 22% of the General Budget of the State. The balance of the debt reduced, in net terms, by more than 3,000 million and the service by 331.2 million dollars a year. With these achievements, during the last five years, social investment grew significantly from 1,980 to 5,197 million dollars between 2006 and 2011. Poverty, at national scale, decreased from 37.6% to 28.6%, during the same years. Rural poverty was reduced from 60.6 to 50.9 per cent. (Source: Video "Debtocracy").

Paragraph 14: Beernink was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives after the election of 1946, taking office on 4 June 1946 serving as a frontbencher chairing the special parliamentary committee for the Financial Relationship Law and the de facto Whip and spokesperson for the Interior, Social Affairs, Housing and Spatial Planning, Culture, Press media and Postal Services. Beernink also served as Chairman of the Christian Historical Union from 9 July 1958 until 19 March 1966. In February 1963 the Leader of the Christian Historical Union and Parliamentary leader of the Christian Historical Union Hendrik Tilanus announced his retirement from national politics and that he wouldn't stand for the election of 1963, the Christian Historical Union leadership approached Beernink as his successor, Beernink accepted and became the Leader of the Christian Historical Union and the Lijsttrekker (top candidate) for the election, taking office on 20 February 1963. The Christian Historical Union made a small win, gaining 1 seat and now had 13 seats in the House of Representatives, Beernink subsequently became Parliamentary leader in the House of Representatives, taking office on 16 May 1963. The following second cabinet formation of 1963 resulted in a coalition agreement between the Christian Historical Union, the Catholic People's Party (KVP), the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Anti-Revolutionary Party (ARP) which formed the Cabinet Marijnen with Beernink opting to remain in the House of Representatives instead of accepting a cabinet post in the new cabinet and he continued to serve in the House of Representatives as Parliamentary leader. For the election of 1967 Beernink served for a second time as Lijsttrekker. The Christian Historical Union suffered a small loss, losing 1 seat and now had 12 seats in the House of Representatives. The following cabinet formation of 1967 resulted in a coalition agreement between the Catholic People's Party, the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), the Anti-Revolutionary Party (ARP) and the Christian Historical Union (CHU) which formed the Cabinet De Jong with Beernink appointed as Minister of the Interior, taking office on 5 April 1967. On 12 April 1967 Beernink announced that he was stepping down as Leader in favor of Parliamentary leader in the House of Representatives Jur Mellema. In March 1967 Beernink announced that he wouldn't stand for the election of 1971. Following the cabinet formation of 1971 Beernink was not giving a cabinet post in the new cabinet, the Cabinet De Jong was replaced by the Cabinet Biesheuvel I on 6 July 1971.

Paragraph 15: In 1981, Francis becomes aware of a growing number of deaths among gay men in Los Angeles, New York City and San Francisco due to a rare lung condition, Pneumocystis Pneumonia, which only afflicts people with weakened immune systems. He moves to Atlanta, where CDC Administrator Dr. James Curran asks him to begin an in-depth investigation into this new immune disorder. Because of the Reagan Administration's clampdown on public spending, he is forced to work with little money, limited space, and outdated equipment. He clashes with numerous members of the medical community (many of whom resent his involvement because of their personal agendas). He also comes into contact with the gay community after he and his colleagues find strong evidence that the disease is spread through sex. Some gay men support him, such as San Francisco activist Bill Kraus, while others express anger at what they see as unwanted interference in their lives, especially in his attempts to close the local gay bathhouses. Kraus works hard to try to save the gay community from the virus to the point that it costs him his relationship with boyfriend Kico Govantes. Francis and other CDC staff are further astonished that representatives of the blood industry are unwilling to do anything to try to curb the epidemic because of potential financial losses. Additionally, while Francis pursues his theory that AIDS is caused by a sexually transmitted virus, he finds his efforts are stymied due to competition between French scientists from the Pasteur Institute and American scientists, particularly Dr. Robert Gallo of the National Institutes of Health, who becomes enraged when he finds out that Francis collaborated with the French scientists. These researchers squabble over who should receive credit for discovering the virus and for development of a blood test. Meanwhile, the death toll climbs rapidly. One day in 1984, while exercising at a local gym, Kraus notices a spot on his ankle and worries that it might be Kaposi's sarcoma, an AIDS-defining illness. Kraus visits his doctor and is devastated upon learning that he has AIDS. Govantes returns to Kraus after finding out he is sick. After discovery of the AIDS virus is announced, Francis submits a plan for prevention and eventual cure despite Curran telling him that it will never be approved. The CDC rejects the proposal for being too expensive and transfers Francis to San Francisco. In November 1985, Kraus and Govantes are walking in the San Francisco candlelight parade when Kraus suddenly starts coughing and becomes too weak to stand. He is taken to a local hospital where he experiences difficulty with his vision and is only able to speak gibberish much of the time. Francis arrives, and within a few minutes, the symptoms pass. Francis laments that they could have stopped the virus from spreading but fears it might be too late. Kraus remarks that he used to be afraid of dying but now is afraid for those who live. Kraus passes away in January 1986. Francis stays at the CDC until 1992 when he leaves to work on the creation of an AIDS vaccine. The film ends with a playing of Elton John's "The Last Song" showing a photo and video montage of a number of famous people who are victims of HIV/AIDS.

Paragraph 16: Goshtāsb is the son of Lohrāsp, the shahanshah of Iran. Goshtāsb asks his father to become king, but his father rejects this request and because of this, Goshtāsb goes to Rûm. The Kaiser of Rûm has a daughter, named Katāyoun, and he wants to find a husband for her. One night Katāyoun sees a dream in which a stranger (Goshtāsb) offers her a bouquet and she accepts. When the Kaiser invites the nobles and grandees of the country to a feast, Katāyoun meets Goshtāsb and they fall in love. The Kaiser is opposed to this marriage, however, in Rûm, women are free in choosing their husbands and the Bishop of Rûm warns Kaiser that his opposition is in contradict to this custom. The Kaiser has no way other than to accept this marriage, however, after the marriage of Katāyoun and Goshtāsb, he invalidates this custom and impose difficult conditions for anyone that wants to marry his two other girls, one of them has to kill a wolf, and the other has to kill a dragon that lives in the mount Saqilā. The daughters have suitors already, but they are unable to do these jobs. Fortune-tellers say to them that no one could do these jobs, except a man from Iran that has previously married the daughter of Kaiser. Then they find Goshtāsb and ask him to kill the wolf and the dragon for them, and Goshtāsb is able to do so. Kaiser, who does not know that Goshtāsb has killed the wolf and the dragon, invites all nobles of the country to a feast. Katāyoun asks Goshtāsb to go to this feast and in there, Kaiser sees Goshtāsb's skills in horse-riding and shooting with bow, and finally he discovers that it was Goshtāsb that killed the wolf and the dragon. Kaiser then apologizes Goshtāsb for not accepting him as his son-in-law at the first place. Goshtāsb then become a grandee in the court of Kaiser and Kaiser sends him to suppress a rebellion from Elyās, the king of Khazars. the reputation of Goshtāsb reaches to an extent that Kaiser sends an ambassador to Lohrāsp, the Shah of Iran, and asks him to pay tribute. When Lohrāsp finds out that Goshtāsb is in the court of Kaiser and has married his daughter, he sends his other son, Zarir, to Rûm in order to bring Goshtāsb and Katāyoun back to Iran. Lohrāsp then makes Goshtāsb the Shahanshah of Iran.

Paragraph 17:  The lined seahorse was first named Hippocampus Erectus by George Perry in 1810. "Hippocampus" translates into "horse or sea monster" in ancient Greek. The lined seahorse is a diurnal species that ranges in length from 12 cm to 17 cm; the maximum length reported for the species is 19 cm. The seahorse is sexually dimorphic, meaning there are distinct differences in appearances of males and females; most notably the brood pouch located on the male's abdomen which it utilized in reproduction. Males are also slightly larger in size and have longer prehensile tails than the females. In the wild, the lined seahorse has a lifespan of one to four years; however, in captivity their lifespan usually reaches the full four years. Four years is the maximum age reported for the species. They have a broad color spectrum, ranging from black, grey, brown, and green, to orange, red, and yellow. They tend to be paler on their front side. However, their colors change due to altercations in their environment, diet, anxiety or stress level, and/or mood. The lined seahorse is brawny and upright in appearance. They have an armor-like body composed of approximately fifty bony plates. Together these bony plates form the outer skeleton of the species. It is common for the species to have white lines outlining the neck area—hence its common name, "lined seahorse"—and for tiny white dots to be present on the tail. The prehensile tail consists of numerous rings and the first, third, fifth, seventh, and eleventh may protrude farther outward than the remaining. The prehensile tail following the bony plates is utilized by the seahorse to grasp onto its environment composed of seaweed and coral. The tail curls forward and is seldom aligned. When a lined seahorse is very young (two weeks to four weeks), the tail is extremely limber. The snout length is approximately half the head length of the lined seahorse. The cheek spines, located diagonally down from the eye on either side may be single or double. In total, the lined seahorse has eleven trunk rings, 34–39 tail rings, 16–20 dorsal fin rays, and 14–18 pectoral fin rays. The pectoral fin is level with the eye on each back side of the lined seahorse's head. The dorsal fin is located on the back of the skeleton and is level with the stomach–chest area. Female dorsal fins are slightly larger than the male's and are located lower on the back. The eyes of the lined seahorse can concentrate together, or they can operate independently of one another. The lined seahorse may be considered sexually mature as early as four months; however, it is typically about eight months. The minimum size of a sexually mature lined seahorse is 5.6 cm.

Paragraph 18: The area was home to many royal landlords (zamindars) in Bengal. During the era of British rule in India, the landlords sold their possessions to build jute mills. These included the successful jute mills such as the Howrah Jute Mill and the Bengal Jute Mill. The proximity to Kolkata's southern district and the central business district which is just across the river brought many middle-class office goers to seek cheaper lodging in Shibpur. Some of the old zamindar house in Shibpur is like Roy Choudhury's and Mukherjee bari in Chaterjeehat named as Digambar Mukhopadhyay Attalika. The Roy Chowdhury family stayed in Shibpur for near about 500 years at Sanjher Attchala and Mukhopadhyay family is staying in Chaterjeehat for more than 300 years. Botanical Garden was a British determent area. Then after freedom, the Indian government took a long place from the garden and made the college. Pulin Behari Halder was the founder president of all the girls' schools & colleges in Shibpur.

Paragraph 19: Fahey is noted for having thwarted an assassination attempt on Charles, Prince of Wales. On Australia Day 1994, Prince Charles was about to commence handing out awards at a ceremony in Sydney's Darling Harbour when a former anthropology student, David Kang, lunged onto the stage towards the prince, simultaneously firing two shots from a starter's pistol. Fahey, sitting next to the prince, subsequently assisted by the then Australian of the Year, Ian Kiernan, tackled Kang and wrestled him to the ground, after which Kang was subdued and arrested. Although the attack proved less dangerous than it was first thought to be, Fahey was nonetheless widely praised for his unthinking bravery.

Paragraph 20: Bhansali's next film Saawariya (2007) was met with sharp criticism and poor collections at the box office. In 2008, Bhansali staged the opera Padmavati, an adaption of the 1923 ballet written by Albert Roussel. The show premiered in Paris at the prestigious Théâtre du Châtelet and next at the Festival dei Due Mondi, where it received "fifteen minutes of standing ovation and seven curtain calls at the end of the first show." Bhansali received highly positive reviews from international critics for his work. In 2010, Bhansali released Guzaarish, starring Hrithik Roshan and Aishwarya Rai, in which he also made his debut in music direction. The film received mixed reviews from critics, but could not perform well at the box office. Guzaarish earned him a Best Director nomination at Filmfare. In 2011, he became a judge on the Indian music talent show X Factor India Season 1. The same year, he also produced the musical comedy My Friend Pinto, which received negative reviews and tanked at the box office. In 2012, Bhansali produced Rowdy Rathore, a remake of the Telugu film Vikramarkudu, starring Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha and directed by Prabhu Deva. The film received mixed reviews from critics and became a major commercial success, with Box Office India labelling it as a blockbuster. The following year, he produced Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi, which also received mixed reviews, but could not perform well at the box office.

Paragraph 21: Sarah Elizabeth Utterson translated the majority of Tales of the Dead from a French collection of ghost stories as "the amusement of an idle hour". Three of the stories from the French she omitted as they "did not appear equally interesting" to her. She also noted she had "considerably curtailed" her translation of "L'Amour Muet", "as it contained much matter relative to the loves of the hero and heroine, which in a compilation of this kind appeared rather misplaced". To these, Utterson added a story of her own, "The Storm" based on an incident told to her by "a female friend of very deserved literary celebrity" as having actually occurred. It was published anonymously in 1813 by White, Cochrane, and Co., replacing the original epigraph "" (meaning roughly "he fills [his breast] with imagined terrors") with the following quote from William Shakespeare's The Tempest:

Paragraph 22: After leaving the WWF, Storm signed a developmental deal with World Championship Wrestling. After signing with WCW he reformed The Extreme with Darling, but the team saw little success.  Following the disbanding of The Extreme, he was placed in a faction with David Flair and Daffney, where he debuted under the name Crowbar. The gimmick of the faction saw all three members act mentally insane, with Daffney becoming known for screaming in her matches and Crowbar being prone to using high risk moves. On the January 3, 2000 edition of Monday Nitro, Crowbar won the World Tag Team Championship alongside Flair after winning a tournament against the teams of Lash LeRoux and Midnight, Buff Bagwell and Vampiro, and finally Kevin Nash and Scott Steiner. They later dropped the title to The Mamalukes (Big Vito and Johnny the Bull) on the January 19 edition of Thunder. After losing a rematch at SuperBrawl 2000, Crowbar teamed up with Daffney to defeat then Cruiserweight Champion Chris Candido and Tammy Lynn Sytch after Daffney pinned Sytch on the May 15 edition of Nitro, thus making them co-champions. Crowbar soon faced Daffney to determine the undisputed Cruiserweight Champion. Crowbar held back during the match, but still dominated the smaller Daffney. However, Candido entered the ring and hit Crowbar with a reverse piledriver and Daffney inadvertently pinned him while trying to revive him and thus became the second woman to hold the Cruiserweight Championship. Crowbar soon began feuding with former tag partner David Flair as well, in which both men traded wins on Thunder. Crowbar soon began chasing after the Hardcore Championship, which he won from Reno on the November 6 edition of Thunder. He later retained the title at Mayhem after defeating Reno and former rival Big Vito. During his reign as Hardcore Champion, he began a feud with Terry Funk that culminated at the final Starrcade pay-per-view, which saw Funk defeat Crowbar to claim his third and final Hardcore Championship.

Paragraph 23: After Fila Fresh Crew split up in 1988, the D.O.C. went on to pursue a successful solo career. In 1989, he released his debut album, No One Can Do It Better, which reached number-one on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart for two weeks and spawned two number one hits on the Hot Rap Songs chart: "It's Funky Enough" and "The D.O.C. & The Doctor". The album went platinum five years after its release. In late 1989, months after the release of No One Can Do It Better, the D.O.C. suffered a serious car crash that permanently changed his voice. Since his accident, he has released two more albums, Helter Skelter in 1996 and Deuce in 2003. In 2015, he said his voice was fully recovered.

Paragraph 24: In 1873, to alleviate the overcrowding at the Kalamazoo psychiatric hospital,  the Michigan state legislature appropriated $400,000 for the construction of a second hospital in eastern Michigan.  Cities in the area were requested to bid for the project, and Pontiac won out over Detroit and other cities.  The architect for the original main hospital was Elijah E. Myers, who also served as the architect for the current Michigan State Capitol in Lansing.  The asylum opened its doors five years later, on August 1, 1878, and began treating 222 patients. The original superintendent, Henry Mills Hurd, introduced multiple innovations in psychiatric care, including discouraging restraints, occupational therapy, and recreational activities.

Paragraph 25: On December 23, 2005, it is shown (to the audience) that Dixie did indeed survive the automobile accident that was thought to have claimed her life while she was in Europe. Di, the only one who knows that Dixie is alive, goes to visit her, and urges her to return to Pine Valley and let her family know that she is alive. Dixie seems adamant on not taking Di's advice at first, but soon returns to Pine Valley in February 2006. She attends the Mardi Gras ball thrown by Erica Kane. Because her face is hidden by a mask, no one from her family recognizes her. She does, however, witness a tender moment between Tad and Di, as well as JR and Babe. Janet Dillon rigs the hot water heater at the mansion where the ball is being held so that it will explode. When it does, many people die and are injured and Dixie is trapped by some rubble. She manages to escape without being discovered by anyone. She goes to Wildwind, where Di is staying. In the middle of confronting her sister, Tad arrives and Dixie runs off before he can see her. Later, she runs into Zach Slater, and he promises not to reveal the fact that she is still alive. Later, she secretly watches in horror as her son holds a gun to Krystal Carey at a cabin, demanding to know where his ex-wife, Babe, has taken their son. Dixie hides as Tad arrives and tries to wrestle the gun away from JR, but the gun goes off and hits Dixie (who is outside) in the arm. It is soon revealed that Tad and Dixie's baby, Kate, is in fact alive, but was taken by Dr. Greg Madden, a famous surgeon who is hated by virtually everyone in Pine Valley. A few months earlier, Tad had informed Erica that Greg stole her baby, the one she aborted twenty-something years ago, and Erica's son is also alive, going by the name Josh Madden.

Paragraph 26: Day rose to the top of his profession during the reign of Edward VI (1547–1553). At this time, restrictions on publishers were relaxed, and a wave of propaganda on behalf of the English Reformation was encouraged by the government of the Lord Protector, Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset. During the reign of the Catholic Queen Mary I, many Protestant printers fled to the continent, but Day stayed in England and continued to print Protestant literature. In 1554, he was arrested and imprisoned, presumably for these illicit printing activities. Under Queen Elizabeth I, Day returned to his premises at Aldersgate in London, where he enjoyed the patronage of high-ranking officials and nobles, including William Cecil, Robert Dudley, and Matthew Parker. With their support, he published the Book of Martyrs and was awarded monopolies for some of the most popular English books, such as The ABC with Little Catechism and The Whole Booke of Psalmes. Day, whose technical skill matched his business acumen, has been called "the master printer of the English Reformation".

Paragraph 27: A digital ion trap (DIT) is an ion trap having a trapping waveform generated by the rapid switching between discrete high-voltage levels. The timing of the high voltage switch is controlled precisely with digital electronic circuitry. Ion motion in a quadrupole ion trap driven by a rectangular wave signal was theoretically studied in 1970s by Sheretov, E.P. and Richards, J.A. Sheretov also implemented the pulsed waveform drive for the quadrupole ion trap working in mass-selective instability mode, although no resonance excitation/ejection was used. The idea was substantially revisited by Ding L. and Kumashiro S. in 1999, where the ion stability in the rectangular wave quadrupole field was mapped in the Mathieu space a-q coordinate system, with the parameters a and q having the same definition as the Mathieu parameters normally used in dealing with sinusoidal RF driven quadrupole field. The secular frequency dependence on the a, q parameters was also derived thus the foundation was laid for many modern ion trap operation modes based on the resonance excitation. Also, in 1999, Peter T.A. Reilly began trapping and subsequently ablating and mass analyzing the product ions from nanoparticles obtained from car exhaust with a primitive hybrid square wave/sine wave driven 3D ion trap. In 2001 Reilly attended the 49th American Society for Mass Spectrometry (ASMS) Conference on Mass Spectrometry and Applied Topics where he presented his nanoparticle mass analysis work and met Li Ding for the first time. Reilly suggested to Ding at that time that they should focus the DIT for analysis in the high mass range where other instruments could not compete. However, work published by Ding and Shimadzu over the years following the 2001 meeting were focused on development of square wave driven DIT's in the conventional mass range of commercial instrumentation. During this time Reilly began developing digital waveforms to increase the mass range of quadrupole-based mass spectrometers and ion traps that operate with rectangular waveforms. Over the course of eighteen years, the Reilly group contributed substantially to the development of modern digital waveform technology (DWT), its implementation and characterization, methods of waveform generation, and general theory which includes but is not limited to stability diagrams, the pseudopotential model, and more recently digital quadrupole acceptance. In parallel to Reilly's achievements but also working separately, the Ding group at the Shimadzu Research Lab continued to implement their digital drive technology for a 3D ion trap. Finally, after 18 years Shimadzu unveiled a bench top MALDI square wave driven 3D ion trap mass spectrometer that was designed to work in the higher mass range at the 2019 ASMS conference. The DIT technology has also been developed and implemented in the linear and 3D quadrupole ion traps by many other groups around the world.

Paragraph 28: After having tracked across the southeastern United States, Josephine emerged into the western Atlantic Ocean as a strong extratropical cyclone and remained near the coast. It continued to bring strong winds and heavy rainfall. In southeastern Virginia, where wind gusts reached  at the Chesapeake Bay Bridge–Tunnel, the storm left about 26,000 people without power, while flooding contributed to over 70 traffic accidents. A three car accident killed a man in the state. In neighboring Maryland, the storm produced a peak wind gust of  in St. Mary's County and in Ocean City, which knocked down trees onto houses and left about 7,000 people without power. In the Chesapeake Bay, waves of  in height caused minor coastal damage and flooded portions of the coastline, including along Maryland Route 238. In Ocean City, a  barge broke from its moorings during the storm, which later washed ashore. About 4,000 people lost power in Delaware, where winds reached  and high tides, peaking at  at Lewes, flooded oceanfront homes and a portion of Delaware Route 1. High rainfall caused the Christina River to crest at , causing some people to require rescue from their cars. About 1,500 people lost power in southeastern Pennsylvania, when high winds knocked down some tree limbs onto power lines. In neighboring New Jersey, high winds of around  left about 31,000 homes without power, and 12 houses lost their roofs during the storm. In both New Jersey and New York, rainfall was around , causing minor street flooding.  While passing offshore New England, the remnants of Josephine produced gusts as high as  at Blue Hill Meteorological Observatory in Massachusetts. Minor street flooding occurred in the state after the storm dropped up to  of rainfall on Cape Cod. Throughout New England, the high winds downed trees and branches, causing scattered power outages in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Maine. Nationwide, damage was estimated at $130 million (1996 USD).

Paragraph 29: WHCT was put up for a "distress" sale in 1981, with the stipulation from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) that the station be sold to minority ownership. After some legal wrangling, Astroline Communications took ownership of the station in 1984, took the station dark upon taking over, replaced the transmitter, and put WHCT back on the air in September 1985 with a lineup of movies, reruns, and syndicated programming not shown on the other two Connecticut independents, WTXX (channel 20, now WCCT-TV) and WTIC-TV (channel 61). The station also once again carried what was by then the Hartford Whalers, who were part of the National Hockey League, from 1986 until 1990. The station ran a mix of older sitcoms, older movies, drama shows, and a small number of children's programs. Beginning in August 1986, WHCT also ran Home Shopping Network overnights from 1 to 6 a.m. However, WHCT continued to underperform in the ratings, due to formidable competition and better lineups offered by WTXX and WTIC. Hartford–New Haven was not big enough at the time, then as now, to support three independent stations. It did not help matters that New York City's three major independents–WNEW-TV (now WNYW), WOR-TV (now WWOR-TV) and WPIX, as well as Boston's WSBK-TV and WLVI–were all available on cable, and as the FCC's SyndEx rules did not go into effect until 1990, WHCT had no method to stop their ratings from being cannibalized by those regional superstations. WTIC-TV also had its share of financial problems, and dropped a number of shows that WHCT picked up. However, these programs did not help WHCT at all and put the station deeper into debt. Much of the financial problems came as a result of challenges to WHCT's license, as Gene Scott was supposed to sell the station at market value to minority owners, but challengers alleged that this was not the case because minorities did not have voting stock in the station. Additionally, issues with former owner RKO also played a role in the legal matters. Legal fees, while not the only problem, did play a role in preventing the station from really growing.

Paragraph 30: In early 1964, Cohen visited Amsterdam (during the same trip up from Tangier when he arranged for the printing of Gnaoua in Antwerp, Belgium). He befriended writer Simon Vinkenoog, who would later translate many of Cohen's writings into Dutch. Ira was also in Amsterdam in 1974, having visited Paris and the filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky with an intention to involve his partner, Petra Vogt, in Jodorowsky's forthcoming film Dune. Unfavorably received, he traveled to Amsterdam, again in the company of Simon Vinkenoog, Louise Landes Levi - poet, musician & translator with whom he would later collaborate on many projects – and Gerard Bellaart (Cold Turkey Press - Rotterdam, publisher of Burroughs, Bailes, Pound et al.), who became Ira's first publisher in the West & a lifelong friend, as was Levi. However his most continuous Amsterdam period began in the spring of 1978. It was then that he met Caroline Gosselin, a French girl who was making and selling life masks at the Melkweg (Milky Way) multimedia center. She and Cohen expanded this into Bandaged Poets - a series of papier-mâché masks of dozens of well-known poets that he subsequently photographed. He also reconnected with Eddie Woods, whom he had first met in Kathmandu in 1976. Woods, who co-founded Ins & Outs Press with Jane Harvey, was preparing to launch Ins & Outs magazine. Cohen's work appeared in every issue and he regularly served as a contributing editor. He performed at the first of Benn Posset's long-running One World Poetry festivals, P78. Cohen (and Gosselin) lived in Amsterdam for the next three years; and even after leaving he made several return visits to the city, often staying for long spells. Ins & Outs Press, which had already published postcards of the Bandaged Poets series, produced three limited-edition Kirke Wilson silkscreen prints of the photographs, including those of William Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg. His film Kings with Straw Mats was also edited, in collaboration with Ira Landgarten, at Ins & Outs. In September 1993 Cohen returned to Amsterdam from New York to participate in a Benn Posset-organized tribute to Burroughs, along with Woods, the American writer William Levy, the German translator & publisher Udo Breger, and others.