Paragraph 1: Touring Park Glienicke by coach was done on the Drive, the main park road, which began at the Middle Gate, nowadays an inconspicuous flight of stairs at the Berlin-Potsdam chaussee(Königstraße). When the chaussee was expanded to become Reichsstraße 1 the street level was raised at the park. Middle Gate was not anymore at the level of the Big Meadows requiring a flight of stairs. To access the “Volkspark” a monumental limestone flight of stairs was probably built in 1935 which was replaced by a more modest construction after 1945. In the 19th century visitors drove through Middle Gate, then past the big erratic with the date 1 May 1824(date of purchase of estate by Prince Charles) and along Big Meadows where the Palace Pond and the Workers’ Quarters were on sight to finally reach the open part of the Garden Courtyard where they entered the Palace. From the Palace the Drive, allowing a view of Coach House Courtyard, went north along Shore Ridge with the Tent as highest vantage point. Close to Hunter's Court after a rather sharp bend the park road went south to the Big Meadows during the first years. Only at the end of the 1830s the completion of the three “gorges” with the pertinent bridges on Shore Ridge and buildings like the Court Gardener's House with the adjacent water tower of the pumping station increased significantly the number of sights inside the park along the sightlines from the Drive. With the park extensions after 1840 the Drive was also extended to include the new parts in the north and the east. Several times the curve in the north was redesigned to a larger radius enabling a new route in the north which offered e.g. a splendid view of Peacock Island from the Drive. In its design the main park road became more dramatic in the east. From a dam leading southeastward views were possible into “gorges” adorned with erratics. Passing the Hermitage the Drive descended into the wooded parts from where in a big westward curve it ascended to the edge of a steep slope which was impressive regarding the usual regional topography. From vantage points there magnificent long-distance views on the Potsdam cultural ensemble were possible.  At the Upper Gate the Berlin-Potsdam chaussee was crossed and the tour continued into Böttcherberg-Park. Following another steep ascent the Alexandra Bench offered a view into the gorge there. At the Rondell the tour would usually be continued to the adjacent Babelsberg Park. On a shorter tour the coach would drive from the Rondell via the Middle Gate back to the Palace.

Paragraph 2: Stanley Albert Wolpert was born on December 23, 1927, in Brooklyn, New York to Russian Jewish parents. While serving as an engineer aboard a U.S. Merchant Marine ship, he arrived in Bombay, India for the first time on February 12, 1948. Upon arriving, he was both fascinated and overwhelmed by the extraordinary outpouring of grief over the death of Mahatma Gandhi—whom he then knew very little about—just two weeks earlier. Atop a hill, he witnessed numerous mourning Indians who were rushing to touch the ashes of Gandhi as the ship on which the urn was placed weighed anchor to scatter a portion of his ashes into the water below. On returning home, he abandoned his career in marine engineering for the study of Indian history. He received a B.A. from City College in 1953, and an M.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1955 and 1959. with a dissertation (published as Tilak and Gokhale) on the revolutionary and reform wings of the Indian National Congress. The dissertation was one of the two books selected for the now discontinued biennial Watumull Prize of the American Historical Association in 1962, a prize recognizing "the best book on the history of India originally published in the United States."

Paragraph 3: Continuing the winning tradition in Chico, the Outlaws made the playoffs the first year but lost in the early rounds. In 2006 they were on the verge of winning the second half that would have put them in the Championship Series versus the Fullerton Flyers, but in an epic collapse they lost a 6 game lead with 10 games to play as they were beaten in 7 of their last 8 games by the Reno Silver Sox.  The Silver Sox went on to win the 2006 GBL Championship defeating the Flyers 3 games to 1. It would take three years, but the Outlaws made it to their first GBL Championship Series in 2007 and beat the Long Beach Armada in four games, 3-1, to bring Chico their first professional championship since 2002.  After winning the championship, Parent stepped down as manager and handed the reins over to former Heat player and Outlaws coach Jon Macalutas.  The Outlaws lead the average attendance in the league with over 2,000 fans in 2008.  On November 12, 2008, Macalutas realized that the job was not a good fit for him and resigned as manager of the Outlaws after his team went 34-51. In 2009, the Outlaws named former major league pitcher Greg Cadaret their manager but he failed to last the season and was fired midway through for his inability to be successful with his players on and off the field.  Hitting coach Kory DeHaan took over and the team responded well with a much better record under DeHaan and improved 10 games over their dismal 2008 season.  DeHaan was asked to return in 2010, but the San Diego Padres took note of his managing success in Chico and offered him a coaching job in their organization in his hometown of Phoenix.

Paragraph 4: Riady's entry into the American business community began in 1977, when he was persuaded by Arkansas banking moguls W. R. Witt and Jackson T. Stephens, and founders of Stephens Inc., one of America's largest investment banks outside of Wall Street, to become partners in the Stephens's Worthen Banking Corporation, after the younger Riady was sent by his father, Mochtar Riady, to set up a banking presence in the United States.  Mochtar Riady was also interested in helping Jimmy Carter's former budget director, Bert Lance, sell stock he held in the National Bank of Georgia, though the deal never materialized.  Through their dealings with Stephens Inc. the Riadys made the acquaintance of the then-Arkansas governor, Bill Clinton. In the early 1980s James and his father signed a licensing agreement with Zenith Electronics to produce color television sets in Indonesia and built a large production plant near Jakarta. Later, in 1985, Worthen was indicted of having administered several million dollars' worth of illegal, preferential loans to companies owned by the Riadys. The loans had allegedly been channeled through Lippo Finance and Investment, the Riadys' Little Rock-based company established in 1983, as well as the Stephenses and Liem Swie Liong, another Chinese-Indonesian businessman, sometimes described as having been Mochtar's mentor.

Paragraph 5: In 2021 the Unicorns met the Tirol Raiders again. Since the BIG6 didn't exist anymore the two teams participated in the Central European Football League the new European top tournament and both teams made it to the bowl game. This time, the Unicorns managed to beat the Raiders and won their first European title. In the GFL, the team posted their fifth straight perfect regular season with a 10–0 record (the 2020 German Football League was not played due to Covid) in a season with a reduced schedule of only ten games instead of the usual 14. Beating their German Bowl rival Braunschweig in the quarterfinal in a game that opened in a sack by the Unicorns defense and saw an interception carried to a pick six in the opening drive by Italian-American Unicorns defender Cody Pastorino Hall defeated Braunschweig by 38–13 taking five turnovers from the Lions. The semifinal against the Potsdam Royals proved closer at 28–18 but its main importance was in the injuries to key players the Unicorns suffered - starting Quarterback Alexander Haupert (also the Quarterback of the Germany national American football team) was out with a knee injury and questionable for the final while starting running back John Santiago tore his ACL and was out for the rest of the season. In German Bowl XLII Hall would face another "familiar face" in their semifinal opponents from the 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018 and 2019 seasons, the Dresden Monarchs. Haupert, playing despite his injury, was knocked out of the game with a broken clavicle early in the second quarter, requiring Reilly Hennessey, who had just led  Parma Panthers to an Italian Bowl win that July, to step in under center in his first ever game in the German Football League. While the Unicorns led at the half 12–7 and once again had the turnover differential in their favor 2–1 their score early in the third quarter to make it 19–7 should prove their last and in the end Dresden won 28–19 with Hall failing to convert on a Field Goal attempt late in the game. Dresden thus celebrated their first playoff victory over the Unicorns since 2010, the first Championship for a team from the New States of Germany and dealt Hall their fifth German Bowl defeat in nine appearances and the first one not at the hands of Braunschweig. The Head Coach who led Dresden to their victory, Ulrich "Ulz" Däuber, was a Unicorns alumn himself, having played for them in the eighties and nineties and having been a coach in their youth system in the 1990s before an extended stint in the US.

Paragraph 6: The Stroop task, or modified Stroop task, displays different types of words (e.g., threatening and neutral) in varying colors. The participant is then asked to identify the color of the word while ignoring the actual semantic content. Increased response time to indicate the color of threat words relative to neutral words suggests an attentional bias toward such threat. The Stroop task, however, has some interpretational difficulties in addition to the lack of allowance for the measurement of spatial attention allocation. To address some of the limitations of the Stroop task, the dot probe task displays two words or pictures on a computer screen (either one at the top or left and the other on the bottom or right, respectively) and after a brief stimuli presentation, often less than 1000ms, a probe appears in the location of one of the two stimuli and participants are asked to press a button indicating the location of the probe. Different response times between target (e.g., threat) and neutral stimuli infer attentional biases to the target information with shorter response times for when the probe is in the place of the target stimuli indicating an attention bias for that type of information. In another task that examines spatial attentional allocation, the visual search task asks participants to detect a target stimulus embedded in a matrix of distractors (e.g., an angry face among several neutral or other emotional faces or vice versa). Faster detection times to find emotional stimuli among neutral stimuli or slower detection times to find neutral stimuli among emotional distractors infer an attentional bias for such stimuli. The spatial cuing task asks participants to focus on a point located between two rectangles at which point a cue is presented, either in the form of one of the rectangles lighting up or some emotional stimuli appearing within one of the rectangles and this cue either directs attention toward or away from the actual location of the target stimuli. Participants then press a button indicating the location of the target stimuli with faster response times indicating an attention bias toward such stimuli.  In the morph task participants gradually scroll a facial photograph from the neutral expression to an emotion or from one emotion to another  and should indicate at what frame each emotion appears on the face. A recently introduced method consists of presenting dynamic faces (videoclips) and measuring verbal reaction time (into a microphone); it is more precise than previous solutions: verbal responses to six basic emotions differ in hit rates and reaction times.

Paragraph 7: In adapting the film, a few adjustments were made, such as changing the names of the protagonists to Owen and Abby, and moving the setting from the Stockholm suburb of Blackeberg to "a small New Mexico town." Reeves was also asked to change the ages of the main characters, but he refused, saying that "would ruin the essence of the story and change everything completely ... we need that childlike innocence." He also told his actors to not watch the original film beforehand so "we could make our own version but stay very true to the essence of the story." The filmmakers have noted that "they intend to forge a unique identity for Let Me In, placing it firmly in an American context", while at the same time paying respect to the original. In comparing his adaptation to the Swedish one, Reeves admitted to not adding many different details from the book that weren't in the original film, stating that "the story was so big that you couldn't really add a lot of stuff in without taking away the focus of the coming of age story so I tried to have allusions and references to stuff in the book." Reeves also admitted to borrowing elements from the Swedish film, stating "There are things that [Lindqvist] adapted brilliantly in the movie and I borrowed from that because I thought he did a great adaptation. But there are some things that hopefully don't detract and fit into the context of the story. It's a mixture of details from the book, the original film and things that grew out of adapting it." In adapting the story for American audiences, Reeves stated that keeping the 1980s time period within the film was critical in exploring the theme of good and evil. He used Ronald Reagan's "evil empire speech" as an example of American thought during that period. Reeves stated, "The idea of Reagan's 'evil empire' speech and that whole sort of school of thought was that evil was something that was outside of us. Evil was 'Other,' it was over there, it was the Soviets". Reeves felt that this idea was central to the main character Owen, as he "would be grappling with these very, very dark feelings but being in a kind of American town where there was that sort of [Reagan era] mindset and religiousness. How would you fit in? How would you feel about yourself being confused and being 12 or 13 years old and not knowing what it means that you wish you could kill those kids who were terrorizing you every day? The humanity of that."

Paragraph 8: The most valuable remains that we possess are the commentaries on the Metaphysics of Aristotle. In explaining the propositions of Aristotle, he appends the views held by the Neoplatonist school on the subject in hand, and endeavours to establish the latter against the former. In his Metaphysics commentary Syrianus explains his view of the Monad and the Dyad in a number of places. The One is immediately followed by a supreme monad and dyad. Syrianus describes the monad as masculine and the dyad as feminine. He employs the doctrine of the two cosmic principles to explain the origin of evil. He denies that there are Platonic forms of things which are evil or base. The dyad is indirectly responsible for evil. Syrianus attributes the existence of evil to otherness and plurality, which he believes the dyad is directly responsible for creating.

Paragraph 9: The West Loop lies along the western bank of the Chicago River. It generally includes the districts of Fulton River, Fulton Market, and Greektown.  It is approximately bounded by Grand Avenue on the north, Ashland Avenue on the west, the Eisenhower Expressway on the south, and the Chicago River on the east. Popular restaurants line Randolph Street, including Girl and the Goat by Stephanie Izard, and Leña Brava, founded by Rick Bayless who has since departed the establishment.  The area has experienced rapid gentrification. A former manufacturing and warehousing area, many of the buildings have been converted to loft condominiums, restaurants, bars, and art galleries. Oprah Winfrey's Harpo Studios were located on Randolph Street; the site is now the recently constructed corporate headquarters of McDonald's. Soho House was one of the first boutique hotels in West Loop, and Ace Hotels followed in 2017. Retailers in West Loop include Maria Pinto, Billy Reid, Free People, and Madewell.

Paragraph 10: Born in Chicago, Illinois, he started out playing music at a very early age. Having been schooled by the likes of Oscar Brown Jr., Donny Hathaway, Baby Huey and later on Curtis Mayfield, he honed his writing and singing skills and began his career, first in a band called Lyfe (which also included Chaka Khan). Khan then left and joined Rufus (scoring several pop and R&B hits with them). Christopher later joined another band called High Voltage with future Rufus members Bobby Watson (bassist) and Tony Maiden, as well as Lalomie Washburn, who later wrote several Rufus songs. Christopher himself would also become associated with Rufus, as he penned the song "Once You Get Started", which was later recorded by the band and hit #10 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1975. He also wrote three songs on Rufus' next album, Rufus featuring Chaka Khan: "Dance Wit Me" (another big hit), "Fool's Paradise," and "Have A Good Time."

Paragraph 11: At the start of the 6th century Caredigion is ruled by king Gwythno Garanhir, and his subordinate Prince Seithenyn ap Seithyn is in charge of the embankments that protect the plain of Gwaelod in Caredigion from the sea.  One of Seithenyn's officials, Teithrin ap Tathral, discovers that the embankment is in a poor state of repair, and tells Elphin, son of king Gwythno.  Together they find Seithenyn, who is as usual drunk, and warn him of the dangerous state of the sea-defences, but he dismisses their fears with specious arguments.  Elphin then meets Angharad, Seithenyn's beautiful daughter, and together they watch the onset of a mighty tempest, which destroys the embankment so that the sea breaks through.  Seithenyn, with drunken bravado, leaps into the waves, sword in hand, but Teithrin, Elphin and Angharad make their escape to king Gwythno's castle.  Gwythno is distraught at the submersion of the best part of his kingdom under Cardigan Bay.  Elphin marries Angharad and settles down to earn his living from the produce of a salmon-weir he has constructed.  One day he finds in this weir a coracle containing a baby, whom he names Taliesin and raises along with his own daughter, Melanghel.  As Taliesin grows up he learns the precepts of Druidism and becomes a bard.  Gwythno dies, and Elphin inherits the throne of the reduced and impoverished kingdom of Caredigion, but is soon abducted by Maelgon, king of Gwyneth.  Maelgon's son, Rhun, visits Elphin's home and seduces a woman whom he believes to be Angharad, but who is actually her servant.  Taliesin sets out to free Elphin at the prompting of his foster-sister, Melanghel, with whom he is in love.  At Maelgon's court he announces himself as a bard of Elphin, vindicates Angharad's honour, and enters into a poetic contest with Maelgon's bards, in the course of which he warns him of various impending dooms, including an attack by King Arthur and death by plague.  Taliesin returns to Caredigion.  Rhun follows him, wanting to make a second attempt on Angharad, but he is lured into a cave and there imprisoned when a boulder is released to seal up the entrance.  Taliesin sets out to find King Arthur in Caer Lleon.  On his way there he stops at Dinas Vawr, a fortress just captured by king Melvas, whose men are celebrating their victory in wine and song; among them he is astounded to find Angharad's father, Seithenyn ap Seithyn, who it turns out survived the flooding of Gwaelod so many years before.  Taliesin reaches Caer Lleon, admires its splendours, then gets audience of King Arthur, who is keeping Christmas merrily, even though his wife Gwenyvar has been abducted by person or persons unknown.  He tells the king a secret he has learned from Seithenyn, that Gwenyvar is being held by Melvas; then he moves on to Avallon, where Gwenyvar is being kept captive, in the hope of negotiating her peaceful release.  There he meets Seithenyn again, together with the abbot of Avallon, both of whom agree to help him.  Together these three convince Melvas that he has more to gain by voluntarily releasing Gwenyvar to Arthur than by facing Arthur's wrath.  Back in Caer Lleon Taliesin takes part in another bardic contest.  Llywarch sings his "The Brilliancies of Winter", Merlin his "Apple Trees" and Aneirin his "The Massacre of the Britons", but Taliesin's contribution, a portion of the Hanes Taliesin, is declared the finest.  Seithenyn and the abbot then make their entrance, bringing Gwenyvar with them, and having restored her to Arthur they tell him that Taliesin was instrumental in securing her release.  The grateful king grants Taliesin a boon, and Taliesin begs that Arthur will command Maelgon to release Elphin.  Maelgon himself makes his appearance at this point and unwillingly submits to Arthur's will.  Arthur sends an emissary to fetch Elphin, Rhun, and all other concerned parties, including Melanghel.  The story ends with Taliesin's marriage to Melanghel, and election as Chief of the Bards of Britain.

Paragraph 12: Within a short period from fifteen million tons of mined minerals in 1871, the year in which the discovery of the Mine of Monte Narba was declared, 2000 average tons a year were achieved and produced within the ten years between 1880 and 1890, that Rolandi defined as "silvery ten-year-span-of-time", in which productions reached the value of two millions lire.  From the three mines that were constituted on the ore body in 1871, they increased to ten within twenty years to decrease later in order to become only one when it came to close it for good.  In Sarrabus it came to a real quest for silver: together with big societies, such as the Society of Lanusei and the society of Monteponi, many extemporised diggers of valuable metals demanded hundreds of permits to carry out mineral searches on the territories of the towns of Muravera, Villaputzu and, particularly, of San Vito. In 1851 the Genuese company "Unione Sulcis e Sarrabus" acquired the research permits in the area of Monte Narba, in the comune of San Vito.  In 1885 the French engineer Leon Goüin founded in Genua the "Società Tacconis-Sarrabus" for the exploitation of the Tacconis mine. In 1888 Goüin himself constituted in Paris the "Societé des mines de Rio Ollastu". In its most flourishing period the ore body of the Sarrabus employed up to 1500 workers, distributed among the mines of Masaloni, Giovanni Bonu, Monte Narba, Per'Arba, Baccu Arrodas, Tuviois, S'erra e S'Ilixi and Nicola Secci. Just to have a more precise idea of the quality value of the silver ore body of the Sarrabus we can say that, while in the rest of the world the average silver revenue for 100 kilograms of lead was swaying around 200/300 grams, in the body of the Sarrabus was achieved an average of 1 kilogram for 100 kilograms.  In Baccu Arrodas the assays were much higher.

Paragraph 13: Modern reviews are very positive. Greg Prato of AllMusic reminds how the band moved to the UK, which was having a "heavy metal resurgence (dubbed the New Wave of British Heavy Metal)", to record with UFO bassist Pete Way "many of the band's best compositions from their club days" and finds Under the Blade "one of Twisted Sister's hardest rocking albums... highly recommended to lovers of early-'80s British heavy metal." Also Exclaim! reviewer Ian Gormely considers the album "a must for anyone with an interest in the history of American hard rock". Despite "the raw production... and lack of an obvious hit... it laid the groundwork for their future success", thanks also to Twisted Sister's "tongue-in-cheek presentation that latter-day hair metal bands clearly lacked." Adrian Begrand of PopMatters reviews the album as a "near-classic" and "the most ferocious of the band's career." He writes that the musicians may have "bar band roots", but on the album "the fun side of Twisted Sister is set aside in favor of something a lot darker", which brought to "a hell of a debut that not only connected with British heavy metal fans, but would eventually lead to a contract with Atlantic Records, paving the way to stardom a couple years later." Canadian journalist Martin Popoff considers Under the Blade "dead serious despite the garish imagery, a good four-fifths of it rocking with hellacious clout, attitude and clever economy" and remarks how the influence of Judas Priest is evident in Dee Snider's compositions.

Paragraph 14: Located on Little Trodgers Lane, on a 400 ft. hill midway between the valley of the River Rother and the village of Mark Cross, ground was broken for the original orphanage in 1864. The area was originally known as De Hellingly, comprising Colkins and Pennybridge Farms . It cost £20,000 to build and took four years to complete. Many of the Canterbury red clay bricks were dug from the 109-acre plot at sites which later became a rifle range to the south-east and a pond to the south. They were fired in situ and transported 200 yards to the building area. Most of the external masonry was made from local sandstone also quarried nearby.  The main wall was built 3 ft 3ins in thickness (approx. 1 meter) and the internal masonry was in Caen stone. The passages, original play rooms and offices were in finished brickwork. The basement is vaulted and the floor of the first story laid with Mintons patent tiles. Above the ground floor the walls are recessed and arched, the piers of which are further relieved by corbelled brickwork. A gothic-style chapel accommodating 150 was added to the east and to the north a playground was laid. On the far north side of the playground a series of buildings were added at right angles, intended for a laundry, bake-house and workshops. The contractor was a Mr Wilson of Canterbury. In front of the school to the south lay extensive fields, meadows and woods. In the early years the school was self-sufficient with its own chicken run, most of the fields were cultivated or used for grazing and on the opposite hill was Pennybridge Farm, owned by the school and managed by the Brothers who employed labourers to run it. Milk and orchard produce were of sufficient quantity for the school to be a major trading partner with Mayfield Village and its Convent. Later cultivation ceased in the field immediately in front of the school where football (later cricket and rugby) pitches were laid out. A cultivated plot with lawns and a cemetery to one side were also installed. Until 1913 Pugin's vision stood untouched as a distinguished edifice visible from many miles around, faithful to his plans, but owing to faulty foundations the building had to be underpinned at this time. The tower's spire, a large chimney block and other heavy adornments were removed and its external beauty was sacrificed for practical safety. It was almost a century before the spire was replaced and the building's majesty restored.

Paragraph 15: In the season premiere, "Seed", eight months pass and Carol has built self-confidence and has developed a proficiency with weapons. Carol has gotten closer to Lori since her pregnancy, and her trust in Rick has been regained. In the episode "Killer Within", T-Dog sacrifices himself to save Carol after they are separated when walkers get into the prison. The group believe her to be dead. In the episode "Hounded", Daryl rediscovers her in a solitary confinement cell, malnourished and weak but alive. He carries her off in his arms and in the next episode, "When the Dead Come Knocking", the group happily reunites with her; however, things once again take a sad turn when she realizes that Lori has died in childbirth. She and Rick tearfully mourn Lori's loss and Carol is seen taking care of Lori's child, Judith, while Daryl leaves for Woodbury. As Daryl tells Carol to keep safe, she responds saying, "Nine lives, remember?". In the episode "The Suicide King", Carol is sad about Daryl leaving with his brother but understands his decision. In the episode "Home", Axel is shot in front of Carol's face by The Governor's men as they bond, causing her to use his body as a shield. In the episode "I Ain't a Judas", Daryl returns, pleasing Carol. Andrea also visits, and Carol instructs Andrea to stab The Governor in his sleep to end the conflict. In the episode "This Sorrowful Life", Merle has a brief conversation with Carol wherein he remarks that she has transformed from a "scared little mouse afraid of her own shadow" into a stronger person. She replies that she was not scared of her own shadow but that of her husband and further states that she is no longer afraid of anything. To prove the latter, she sternly admonishes Merle to "pick a side," regarding his previous loyalty to The Governor. In the season finale "Welcome to the Tombs", following Merle's death at the hands of The Governor, Carol praises him for his sacrifice, that he gave them a chance though Daryl remarked that Merle had never performed an altruistic deed in his life. Carol then helps defend the gate against walkers as Rick, Daryl, and Michonne drive out to carry the fight to Woodbury. She is seen beginning to cry upon realizing that Andrea has died at the end of the episode, and watches the remaining Woodbury residents enter their new home in the prison.

Paragraph 16: In the summer of 1918, the Board of Trustees of Rutgers College voted to establish a college for women that would be encompassed by the larger Rutgers University. Since the university’s original chartering in 1766 as Queen’s College, it had been committed to give the young adults of the state of New Jersey access to higher education. At the turn of the 20th century, as more and more young men went off to fight in the war, education for women began to be discussed further and was of greater importance. In fact, Mabel Smith Douglass, the first dean of the Women’s College, “along with the New Jersey federation of Women’s Clubs, led the movement, which began in earnest in 1911, to establish the institution." At this same meeting where the Board of Trustees voted to establish this college, a special committee was appointed to oversee the planning and management, to basically oversee the fruition of this decision. Locations for the college we are discussed in length as well as how much it would take to establish the college and who would run it. According to the recorded minutes, “The Board of Trustees has decided to take over the estate of Mrs. John N. Carpender, New Brunswick, near the college property” and Mrs. Douglass was to be appointed the Dean of the Women’s College. The estimated cost for the establishment of the college was $75,000. In addition to this, the board also hoped that the college could be established quickly enough to open that coming September. In the address given by university President, William Henry Demarest, in reference to the board’s meetings, he states, “An item of utmost importance is the coming into the market of the John N. Carpender property, near the college farm, 9 acres and a very large stone house [College Hall], which in the judgement of all consulted would be a best possible location and building for a start of the enterprise.” He later goes onto mention how the asking price for said property is $60,000, and himself and the board do not know how to finance their purchase. This leads to various meetings that would result in different campaigns to fund the purchase of the estate and the founding of the college. For each of these campaigns, more money was collected from private donors as well as the state so that the property could be rented out the college for the first few years of operation. However, the location of the college was not secure until a donation of $50,000 from Mr. James Neilson was made for the purchase of the College Hall Property in 1921.

Paragraph 17: Rick Swan reviewed From the Ashes for Dragon magazine #198 (October 1993). He calls From the Ashes "ambitious", and notes that "By combining heroic tradition with elements of dark fantasy, [Carl Sargent has] come up with a Greyhawk campaign that is both familiar and refreshingly unexpected. Nearly as nasty as the Dark Sun setting, the new, grimmer Greyhawk world is made to order for players who found the original version too flabby to be much fun." He noted that this "lavish package" has "a lot of material to digest, but thankfully, the quality of the writing makes it go down easy. Sargent not only has a vivid imagination, but a strong command of the English language, a rare combination in an industry where publishers tend to value typing speed more than muscular prose. Despite the occasional creaky sentence [...] it’s a pleasure to read." While he notes that the "Thoughtful sidebars and helpful summaries enhance the set’s reference value", he complains that "despite the tight editing and logical organization, it’s not always easy to find specific entries; a subject index or an expanded table of contents would’ve helped". He also comments about the art and graphics: "To its detriment, the set emphasizes text over graphics, with few appealing visuals other than the color maps. Most of the illustrations depict generic fantasy scenes and have nothing much to do with the text they accompany. Those wanting maps of local neighborhoods or floor plans of important buildings will have to draw their own. The rune and glyph display, lifted virtually verbatim from the original World of Greyhawk boxed set, does little more than fill up a page." However, he compliments the poster maps, calling them "terrific, rendered in rich hues and clear notations. Thanks to the grid coordinates printed along the borders, it's easy to find desired locations [...] The grid system is nearly as user-friendly as individually numbered hexes and makes for less clutter." In "Book One, Atlas of the Flanaess", Swan complains that things "get off to a sluggish start" with the lengthy historical summary, noting that it is apparently necessary "to provide context and bring newcomers up to date. But it's also complicated and turgid, sort of like a lecture from a professor who left his sense of humor in his other suit." He felt that the cyclopedia entries "pick up the pace a bit. Nevertheless, the casual reader may feel overwhelmed by the sheer volume of information. [...] While much of this is interesting [...] Sargent doesn’t have the space he needs to do justice to an entire world. When you only have a few paragraphs to spend on a country, it’s tough to give more than a superficial overview." He felt that in "Book Two, the Campaign Book", Sargent "shifts into high gear as he narrows his focus on the areas in and around the Free City of Greyhawk. It’s a virtuoso performance, with a flawless mix of exposition, atmosphere, and detail. Sargent sets the stage in the opening pages by painting a bleak picture of a struggling populace. [...] Uncertainty prevails, and player characters will find plenty to keep them on their toes." Swan notes that the set's fantasy elements "stick pretty close to AD&D conventions, bad news for old-timers who’ve had their fill of sinister monsters, enchanted dungeons, and meddlesome deities. But Sargent's limber imagination enlivens even the weariest cliches. [...] Sargent has loaded the books with nifty details [...] making a trip through the text as fun as an Easter egg hunt." He calls the offered scenario hooks "a mixed bag", noting that on the adventure springboards "with only a few paragraphs per entry, there's not much to work with" and that the two adventure outlines in the "Campaign Book" are not particularly satisfying, as "Into the Mistmarsh" involves a "garden-variety hunt" and "The Sin Eater" relies too heavily on die-rolls and "climaxes with a battle that may prove to be too deadly for all but the strongest or luckiest PCs". He does note  that the reference-card adventures "benefit from thoughtful development and clever staging", with "Brainstorm" being "the best of a dud-free collection".  Swan concludes his review by saying, "A few years ago, I was convinced that the Greyhawk setting had reached a creative dead end. Now I’m not so sure. Carl Sargent has done a remarkable job of reshaping the rickety, make-it-up-as-you-go-along campaign of old into an intelligible whole. Flaws aside-the so-so visuals, sluggish Book One, and hit-or-miss adventures —From the Ashes stands as the definitive Greyhawk reference and the most enjoyable Greyhawk product to date."

Paragraph 18: In the late 1930s many of Starostin's friends and associates were arrested as part of the Great Purge, including Kosarev. There were also attempts to more closely control sporting matters, including forcing the Semi-final of the 1939 cup to be replayed after Spartak won the first match by a disputed goal. They went on to win the replay, which did not take place until after Spartak had already won the final. On March 20, 1942, Starostin was arrested, along with his three brothers and other fellow players, facing accusations of involvement in a plot to kill Joseph Stalin. Following two years of interrogation in the Lubyanka, the charges were dropped but the Starostins were tried and sentenced to ten years in Siberia anyway, having been found guilty of "lauding bourgeois sport and attempting to drag bourgeois mores into Soviet sport". The sentence was very lenient in view of the popularity of football and Starostin. When details from the actual court sentence were published in 2003, it turned out Starostins were not convicted for political crimes, but rather for stealing sporting goods from the stores they were supposed to oversee and selling those goods on. Nikolai Starostin profited for 28,000 rubles, Aleksandr for 12,000, Andrei and Pyotr - for 6,000 each. Also, Nikolai Starostin was convicted of bribing the military commisar of the Bauman district of Moscow, Kutarzhevskiy. Kutarzhevskiy, using his power arranged so that several people who were supposed to have been conscripted to serve in the Army during World War II were not sent to the front and stayed in Moscow instead. Those people included food distributors and food store managers, who in turn provided Starostin with unlimited food supply during the war time, when food shortages were common (according to the sentence, food store manager Zvyozdkin gave Starostin 60 kilograms of butter and 50 kilograms of meat products).

Paragraph 19: Borgata was part of a major project in Atlantic City nicknamed "The Tunnel Project", started around 1999. When Steve Wynn planned the Le Jardin in Atlantic City, he wanted to connect a $330 million  tunnel from the Atlantic City Expressway to the new resort, later named the Atlantic City-Brigantine Connector, which would funnel incoming traffic off the Atlantic City Expressway into the city's marina district. This caused major controversy, as it would cut through a residential neighborhood; competitor Donald Trump sued Wynn for it saying that it was a "driveway" to Wynn's casino. The Tunnel Project did progress, even after Le Jardin was cancelled, and finally opened in 2001.

Paragraph 20: It was located at Roque de los Muchachos Observatory on La Palma at a height of 2200 m above sea level. It was operated by an international collaboration of research institutes and universities, such as the Max Planck Institute for Physics in Munich, the Universidad Complutense de Madrid, the German Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics, the University of Wuppertal, the IFKKI in Kiel or the University of Hamburg. It consisted of several detector types for observing secondary particles from particle cascades in the atmosphere. The particle cascades detected by HEGRA were produced by cosmic ray particles in the energy range of 1012eV to 1016eV.

Paragraph 21: Driver was a founding member of maudlin of the Well in 1996 along with Jason Byron and Greg Massi. They morphed into Kayo Dot in 2003 during the process of recording what would have been motW's fourth album, and titled Kayo Dot's henceforth first album Choirs of the Eye, due to label problems and the desire to move away from being pigeonholed in the metal scene. In 2009, due to fan requests and contributions, Driver, along with Terran Olson who was also still playing with Kayo Dot, reformed maudlin of the Well to record the digital album Part the Second, reuniting with guitarists Greg Massi, Josh Seipp-Williams, and drummer Sam Gutterman. The album contained five newly released songs, some of which were composed—partially at least—in the early days of the band (as far back as 1997), with lyrics co-written by Jason Byron and Toby Driver. Maudlin of the Well's style was always described by the band as "astral metal," referencing Driver and Byron's interest in astral projection. Driver has stated that he used astral projection and lucid dreaming as methods to retrieve music from the subconscious. Maudlin of the Well's lyrics deal with this topic, as well as the subjects of ghosts and the paranormal, the occult, kabbalah, nostalgia, and betrayal. The liner notes for their companion albums, Bath and Leaving Your Body Map (2001) contain a puzzle that leads to an as-yet-unknown solution.

Paragraph 22: Following the allegations, Moore appeared as a guest on Sacha Baron Cohen's 2018 comedy series Who Is America? in which Baron Cohen, disguised as  Israeli anti-terrorism expert Erran Morad, demonstrates new "technology", supposedly developed by the Israeli Army to identify pedophiles. Moore walked out of the interview after the device repeatedly indicated he was a pedophile. In September 2018, Moore filed a lawsuit against Baron Cohen, Showtime, and CBS Corporation seeking $95 million in damages for alleged fraud, defamation, and emotional distress. The lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia and argued that the consent agreement signed by Moore was "obtained through fraud" and was therefore "void and inoperative." In October 2018, Showtime moved for a change of venue to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Despite the consent agreement specifying that any disputes be dealt with in a New York court, Moore's legal team opposed the change in venue, describing the move as "purely tactical, as they clearly perceive New York to a more favorable forum, where they will more than likely find a favorable left-leaning, pro-entertainment industry judge." Moore's legal team also contended that he had been "fraudulently induced" to appear on the show by two primary misrepresentations: Firstly, that Moore was under the impression that he was being flown to Washington D.C. to receive an award for his support of Israel; and, secondly, that he was told that the segment was being produced by an Israeli production company named Yerushalayim TV. In July 2021, Moore's lawsuit was dismissed by Southern District of New York Judge John Cronan, who wrote that "Moore's claims are barred by the unambiguous contractual language, which precludes the very causes of action he now brings." This decision was upheld in July 2022, with the appeals court writing in its unsigned summary order that "Baron Cohen may have implied (despite his in character disclaimers of any belief that Judge Moore was a pedophile) that he believed Judge Moore's accusers, but he did not imply the existence of any independent factual basis for that belief besides the obviously farcical pedophile detecting 'device,' which no reasonable person could believe to be an actual, functioning piece of technology." Responding to the judgement, Moore told the Associated Press that Baron Cohen's "pusillanimous and fraudulent conduct must be stopped," and that he will be making a further appeal.

Paragraph 23: On April 8, 2014, after missing the playoffs for the first time since 2008, the team fired general manager Mike Gillis. One day later, ownership hired former Canucks captain Trevor Linden as team president, to assist in the search for a new general manager. Three weeks after Linden was hired, the Canucks announced that both head coach John Tortorella and assistant coach Mike Sullivan, who had only just been hired prior to the start of the 2013–14 season, were fired. Throughout the search for Vancouver's new general manager, it was speculated that Linden's preferred candidate was Jim Benning, who was serving as an assistant general manager for the Boston Bruins. On May 21, the Canucks confirmed that Benning had been hired as their new general manager. One of Benning's first changes to the roster was buying out David Booth, who had one year remaining on his contract. As a result of the buyout, Booth became an unrestricted free agent, and he will receive $1,583,333 per year (over the next two seasons) from the Canucks; Booth's buyout salary will not be applied to Vancouver's salary cap. The next major task for the Canucks was finding a new head coach. Among the candidates Benning interviewed were New York Rangers assistant coach Scott Arniel, and former Pittsburgh Penguins coach Dan Bylsma. Additionally, Texas Stars head coach Willie Desjardins was also one the coaches Benning was long rumoured to have interest in. However, Benning was not able to interview Desjardins until late June, as Desjardins had just won the Calder Cup with Texas. On June 23, the Canucks officially introduced Desjardins as the 18th head coach in Canucks history. The next major tasks facing Benning were dealing with the trade request of Ryan Kesler, and preparing for the draft on June 27. On draft day, Benning completed a series of trades before the Canucks even made their first pick. Jason Garrison was traded to the Tampa Bay Lightning for a 2nd-round draft pick, and then Ryan Kesler was traded to the Anaheim Ducks for Nick Bonino, Luca Sbisa, the twenty-fourth overall pick, and a 3rd-round draft pick. Benning then flipped Anaheim's 3rd-round pick to the New York Rangers, in exchange for Derek Dorsett. On June 28 (the second day of the draft), Benning acquired Linden Vey from the Los Angeles Kings, in exchange for Tampa Bay's 2nd-round pick (acquired the day before in the Garrison trade). As a result of trading away Roberto Luongo in March, the Canucks were left with a goalie tandem of Eddie Lack and Jacob Markstrom, who together had combined for 88 games of NHL experience. Thus, Benning's first move on July 1 was to sign free-agent goalie Ryan Miller to a 3-year, $18 million contract, in order to bring a veteran presence to Vancouver's goaltending position. Benning's next major transaction occurred only one day after acquiring Miller, as he signed former Phoenix Coyotes winger Radim Vrbata to a 2-year, $10 million contract. On July 3, Benning signed restricted free agent Zack Kassian to a 2-year, $3.5 million deal. On July 5, the Canucks re-signed defenceman Christopher Tanev to a 1-year, $2 million contract, only hours before the deadline to file for salary arbitration. On July 7, Benning named Doug Lidster as an assistant coach for the Canucks; Lidster had also recently served as an assistant coach to new Canucks head coach Willie Desjardins on the Texas Stars.

Paragraph 24: Weatherhead's concept of the divinity of Christ was merely that Jesus stood in a special relationship with God and "indeed an incarnation of God in a fuller sense than any other known Being." Despite many texts such as John 1, John 14, Philippians 2, Colossians 1, Titus 3, 2 Peter 1, Revelation 5 etc, Weatherhead claimed that the New Testament never teaches that Jesus is God, nor that Jesus taught this, observing that Jesus preferred to refer to himself the Son of Man. Despite John 1 and John 3, Weatherhead taught that the idea of Jesus being "the only begotten son" of God is impossible - and that such information is not presently available. The virgin birth was not an issue for Weatherhead, having (in his view) never been a major tenet for being a follower of Christ. Moreover, he claimed that the New Testament traces Jesus' lineage through his father Joseph, not Mary, to show that he descended from the house of David. Weatherhead claimed that Jesus never said he was sinless. He comments that Jesus sometimes showed anger, especially to false teachers, that he cursed a fig tree because it didn't produce fruit and rebuked Peter, one of his closest disciples, which Weatherhead interprets as Jesus calling Peter Satan. Weatherhead taught that many theologians assumed Jesus' sinlessness because of his moral superiority, but that Jesus never made that claim for himself. Despite the frequent teaching of Old and New Testaments about the need for blood sacrifice, Weatherhead apparently agreed with Nathaniel Mickelm, whom he quoted, that the blood sacrifice of Jesus was unnecessary for forgiveness of sins. For Mickelm (and subsequently for Weatherhead), it was a perversion of God to suppose that "God did not and could not forgive sins apart from the death of Christ." According to Weatherhead, that sacrifice merely revealed something of God's nature that made one want to be forgiven. 

Paragraph 25: When Loaiza returned, Halsey returned to middle relief duty in mid-June. His statistics through mid-August were 3–3, 4.50 ERA. On August 10, Halsey was optioned to Oakland's Triple-A affiliate in Sacramento when the Athletics activated reliever Jay Witasick from the disabled list only to be recalled on August 22 with the A's needing a fifth starter in a string of consecutive games. He finished the year in middle relief. His statistics for the year were 5–4, 4.67 ERA. Halsey did not make the playoff roster for Oakland's division series against the Minnesota Twins. Oakland already had a left-hander in Joe Kennedy.

Paragraph 26: By "All the Madame's Men", McCown-Levy felt that Agents of Hydra was "the most consistently entertaining arc the series has ever done. The show has had higher highs, but never this constant a level of quality. I've argued several times of late that Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. has been getting steadily better each season, and even in a year that had strong arcs like Ghost Rider and LMD, this final storyline tops them all ... the show has essentially managed to create an alternate reality where it can work out longstanding issues and address unfinished character beats, all while smartly delivering action and thrills ... And insofar as this keeps working, it's managed to turn the TV equivalent of a fun B-movie into a superior television show." Overall, Schwartz awarded the season an 8.8 out of 10, stating the season was "the best [the series has] ever been, maturing as a show and learning the right lessons from what's come before." She praised the pod format, saying it "helped tighten the season and give it a stronger throughline" and added that each new pod the season introduced was more successful than the previous, with the Agents of Hydra pod and Framework story arc possibly the strongest of the entire series. Schwartz also spoke fondly of the guest stars throughout the season, particularly Jansen, who she called "the season's MVP" and felt "stole the show" with Aida, who was "the standout new character" of the season. Some negatives on the season were the additional villains, Eli Morrow and the Superior (not "a particularly standout villain", and never "as imposing or terrifying as he should have been", respectively), and some of the early effects work, though she also praised "the great CGI work" with Ghost Rider. Den of Geeks Rob Leane also praised the pod format, saying it "fixed the 22-episode problem". He felt the Ghost Rider pod had amazing visual effects, and was a "natural" length that other series may have stretched further. He also highlighted Wen's performance as LMD May in the LMD pod and the Agents of Hydra pod's Mack and Hope storyline, and praised the guest performances of Luna and Jansen (feeling that bringing the latter two together in the finale "was the perfect way to wrap things up"). Leane called the season "a master class in how Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. can thrive going forward ... the writers keep throwing in more sci-fi concepts, the special effects team keep delivering, and the cast keep stepping up their game to keep up with it all."

Paragraph 27: On June 19, 1974 George Strawbridge and Beau Rogers, IV purchased an expansion franchise in North American Soccer League for the sum of $25,000 and by July 24 they named Eddie Firmani their coach. In October 1974, Alex Pringle becomes the first player to sign with the team. On November 21, 1974, the Tampa Bay Professional Soccer Club announced that they would henceforth be known as the Tampa Bay Rowdies. The Rowdies played ten seasons at Tampa Stadium and won their only Soccer Bowl championship in their 1975 inaugural season, defeating the Portland Timbers 2–0 on August 24. The Rowdies also finished as runners-up in 1978 and 1979. The team showcased international stars such as midfielder, and team captain Rodney Marsh (England), 1979 league scoring leader Óscar Fabbiani (Chile), swift and forward Steve Wegerle (South Africa), rock-solid defenseman Arsene Auguste (Haiti), 1976 NASL goal scoring champion Derek Smethurst (South Africa), who was also the franchise's all-time leading goal scorer with 57 tallies in 65 games, as well as forward Clyde Best (Bermuda). Coached along the way by Firmani, John Boyle, Gordon Jago, Al Miller, and Marsh after his retirement, their catch phrase and marketing slogan was "The Rowdies arrrre...a kick in the grass!"

Paragraph 28: Between 1976–77 and 1981–82 Albert Rovers played in the League of Ireland.  In September 1976 Albert Rovers were elected to the league as replacements for Cork Hibernians. The team was managed by Noel O'Mahony and they made their League of Ireland debut against Shamrock Rovers at Flower Lodge on 3 October 1976. Albert Rovers had requested the game be moved to avoid a clash with the Cork Senior Hurling Championship final but Shamrock Rovers refused. The visitors won 2–1 with Larry Wyse and Mick Leech scoring their goals. The 1977–78 season saw the League of Ireland team adopt the name Cork Albert and for 1978–79 they became Cork Alberts. As Cork Albert the club won the Munster Senior Cup for a second time in 1977–78, defeating Limerick in the final. They were finalists in the 1977–78 League of Ireland Cup but lost out to Dundalk on penalties. England international Bobby Tambling finished his playing career with Cork Alberts while John Meyler also played for the club during this era. Following the demise of Cork Celtic in 1979, the club was Cork city's sole representative in the League of Ireland and the team adopted the name Cork United for the 1979–80 season. The club retained the Cork United name for the 1980–81 and 1981–82 seasons. Cork United managed to sign some notable players including Miah Dennehy, Ian Callaghan and Ian Hutchinson but they never managed to make the move beyond mid-table. As Cork United the club won the Munster Senior Cup for a third and fourth time in 1979–80 and 1981–82. In the finals they defeated Crosshaven and Waterford respectively. In December 1981 the club invested heavily in bringing Manchester City to Turners Cross for a friendly. Hampered by postponements and cancellations, the club slipped into debt and they were unable to pay Manchester City their £8,000 appearance fee. As a result, they were subsequently expelled from the League of Ireland.

Paragraph 29: The Cycadeoideaceae (originally “Cycadeoideae”) were named by English geologist William Buckland in 1828, from fossil trunks found in Jurassic strata on the Isle of Portland, England, which Buckland gave the genus name Cycadeoidea. Buckland provided a description of the family and two species, but failed to give a description of the genus, which has led to Buckland's description of the family being considered invalid by modern taxonomic standards. In publications in 1870, Scottish botanist William Carruthers and English paleobotanist William Crawford Williamson described the first known reproductive organs of the Bennettitales from Jurassic strata of Yorkshire and Jurassic-Cretaceous strata of the Isle of Wight and the Isle of Portland. Caruthers was the first to recognise that Bennettitales had distinct differences from cycads, and established the tribes "Williamsonieae" and "Bennettiteae", with the latter being named after the genus Bennettites named by Caruthers in the same publication, the name being in honour of British botanist John Joseph Bennett. The order Bennettitales was erected by German botanist Adolf Engler in 1892, who recognised the group as separate from the Cycadales. The Anthophyte hypothesis erected by Arber and Parking in 1907 posited that angiosperms arose from Bennettitales, as suggested by the wood-like structures and rudimentary flowers. Based on morphological data, however, Bennettitales were classified as a monophyletic group when paired with Gnetales. a study in 2006 suggested that Bennettitales, Angiosperms, and Gigantopteridales form a clade based on the presence of oleanane. A 2007 study examining phase-contrast X-ray images of gymnosperm seeds supported the Anthophyte hypothesis. Evidence from seed coats suggest that Bennettitales form a clade with the gymnosperm orders of Gnetales and Erdtmanithecales. Molecular evidence has consistently contradicted the Anthophyte hypothesis, finding that Angiosperms are the sister group to all living gymnosperms, including Gnetales. A 2017 phylogeny based on molecular signatures of fossilised cuticles found that Bennettitales were more closely related to the Ginkgo+Cycads clade than conifers, and were closely related to Nilssonia and Ptilozamites.

Paragraph 30: At the World Future Energy Summit (WFES) held in Abu Dhabi in January 2018, the government of India announced the setting up of a $350 million solar development fund to enable financing of solar projects. Prime Minister Narendra Modi promoted solar energy during the plenary speech at World Economic Forum annual meet in Davos in 2018 and invited investments in the sector in India promising ease of doing business. Modi's ambitious plan when announced in the leading up to the Paris COP21 climate summit received much skepticism and the government's strategy to scale-up the renewable energy by relying on competitive bidding to reduce the cost was regarded as infeasible. However, starting around 2016–2017, new renewable energy became cheaper to build than running existing coal-fired plants in India. As of January 2018, 65% of coal power generation in India is being sold at higher rates than new renewable energy bids in competitive power auctions. India has scrapped tenders for coal-fired power stations and around 80% of new coal-fired power plants under planning have been halted or canceled. In the month of May 2017 alone, plans for building coal power for nearly 14 GW – about the same as the total amount in the UK – were canceled on account of declining solar costs. Analyst Tim Buckley said “Measures taken by the Indian Government to improve energy efficiency coupled with ambitious renewable energy targets and the plummeting cost of solar has had an impact on existing as well as proposed coal fired power plants, rendering an increasing number as financially unviable. India’s solar tariffs have literally been free falling in recent months." As reported by NYTimes in May 2017, "According to research released last week at a United Nations climate meeting in Germany, China and India should easily exceed the targets they set for themselves in the 2015 Paris Agreement..... India is now expected to obtain 40 percent of its electricity from non-fossil fuel sources by 2022, eight years ahead of schedule."