Paragraph 1: Following his election to the presidency of the United Nations General Assembly, he offered a statement interpreted as renewed criticism aimed at the United States: "The behavior of some member states has caused the United Nations to lose credibility as an organisation capable of putting an end to war and eradicating extreme poverty from our planet." He denounced what he called "acts of aggression, such as those occurring in Iraq and Afghanistan." However, he expressed his "love" for "the United States as a country" and added: "I do not want to turn this General Assembly presidency into a place to take it out on the United States." Reacting to those comments, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Zalmay Khalilzad responded: "We have been assured that a page has been turned and that he understands his new responsibilities.... We will wait and see." Richard Grenell, spokesman for the U.S. Mission to the United Nations, added: "The president of the General Assembly is supposed to be a uniter. We have made it clear that these crazy comments are not acceptable, and we hope he refrains from this talk and gets to work on General Assembly business." However, Mark Kornblau, spokesman for the United States Mission to the United Nations, said: "It's hard to make sense of Mr. D'Escoto's increasingly bizarre statements."

Paragraph 2: Later, Rajeev meets Jenny and narrates a different story, which starts off with Rajeev and his assistant being handed over the investigation of a case regarding tribal families in a forest village. He meets a girl Karthika (Miya), and, after a set of funny events, falls in love with her. However, he understands that Karthika is none other than the famous journalist Vaigha Devi, who deals with social crimes against tribal people. A factory which produced illegal medicines had been testing these on the village people with the help of Bhadran, a rowdy. Rajeev understands more of these issues before his investigation ends. Later, Karthika wishes to open up to Rajeev on her love. However, at the meeting place, she is welcomed by Minister Chandy and his son Jacob. It is revealed that Chandy is the one behind illegal medicine production for the village. Karthika has personal vengeance towards Chandy as he murdered her parents. She is stabbed by Jacob and left to die. But she was brutally raped by bhadran. Rajeev, who arrives later, finds her murdered, and attempts to take her to the hospital but gets hit by Bhadran and becomes unconscious. Rajeev, who ends his flashback, tells to a shattered Jenny that her father might have accused the innocent Aryan so that he can create an emotional note about minister Chandy's death. Jenny goes back to her mother, Daisy, who is a brilliant criminal lawyer and apologizes for hating her. In the court session, Adv. Daisy brilliantly proves that Aryan is innocent and bails him out, also proving that Jacob has purposefully accused Aryan with the help of a corrupt Police inspector Satish. Later, Jacob's car suffers anonymous gunshots, which arouses curiosities. Rajeev is called to Jacob's guest house situated at an island, wherein Jacob tells him that he had kidnapped Aryan also. He had planned to kill both of them so as to create a new story and deceive the public. Rajeev laughs at him and reveals certain things unknown to Jacob. In a major twist, it turns out that minister Chandy was actually murdered by Aryan with the help of none other than Rajeev. Rajeev reveals that on the day of the murder, he, in the disguise of a male nurse, had replaced the injection drug meant for minister Chandy with a life-threatening one so that the minister would be injected by it. After revealing these facts to a terror stricken Jacob, Rajeev also tells him that the murder was done to avenge the murder of Karthika, who was Rajeev's love interest and also Aryan's elder sister. After revealing all the truths, Rajeev shoots and kills Jacob. Aryan escapes, and Rajeev meets the media folk and tells them about the minister's murder. Jacob's murder case is handed over to Rajeev (who claims he is the only one to spot the so-called murderer). The film ends with Rajeev and Aryan all set to kill Bhadran, who murdered Karthika.

Paragraph 3: Following a bid from AGMA highlighting the potential benefits in combatting the financial crisis of 2007–2010, it was announced in the 2009 United Kingdom Budget that Greater Manchester and the Leeds City Region would be awarded Statutory City Region Pilot status, allowing (if they desired) for their constituent district councils to pool resources and become statutory Combined Authorities with powers comparable to the Greater London Authority. The aim of the pilot is to evaluate the contributions to economic growth and sustainable development by Combined Authorities. The Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009 enabled the creation of a Combined Authority for Greater Manchester with devolved powers on public transport, skills, housing, regeneration, waste management, carbon neutrality and planning permission, pending approval from the ten councils. Such strategic matters would be decided on via a majority rule voting system involving ten members appointed from among the councillors of the ten metropolitan boroughs (one representing each borough of Greater Manchester with each council also nominating one substitute) without the input of the UK's central government. Committees will be formed from a pool of 33 councillors allocated by council population (roughly one councillor for every 75,000 residents) to scrutinise the running of bodies and their finances, approve the decisions and policies of said bodies and form strategic policy recommendations or projects for the approval of the ten-member panel. The ten district councils of Greater Manchester approved the creation of the Greater Manchester Combined Authority on 29 March 2010, and submitted its final recommendations for its constitution to the Department for Communities and Local Government and the Department for Transport. On 31 March 2010 the Communities Secretary John Denham approved the constitution and launched a 15-week public consultation on the draft bill together with the approved constitution. The Association of Greater Manchester Authorities requested that the new authority should be established in April 2011. The Greater Manchester Combined Authority had its inaugural meeting on 1 April 2011.

Paragraph 4: Pre-season training finally started in the week-commencing 9 July, and the day before their first two pre-season friendlies against Sheffield F.C. and Stocksbridge Park Steels, Sheffield Wednesday confirmed their seventh summer signing. Slovenia international Nejc Pečnik, who had been on trial at the club, signed on a two-year contract from Portuguese side Nacional. Pečnik is a winger who had played in the 2010 FIFA World Cup two-years previously. However, it was disappointing to hear that earlier that same day Sheffield Wednesday Academy manager Sean McAuley had left the club having been with the Owls since 2005. McAuley had gone over to America to become assistant manager at Major League Soccer club Portland Timbers. With a number of midfielder's in the Sheffield Wednesday squad Dave Jones decided to off-load promising youngster Liam Palmer on-loan to League One club Tranmere Rovers for a total of six-months. Palmer, a product of the Sheffield Wednesday Academy and a Scotland U-21 international, has scored one goal for the Owls and was a consistent starter at the early parts of the 2011–12 football league season. Wednesday played their first pre-season friendlies both at the same time, with manager Dave Jones sending out two different squads to the grounds of Sheffield F.C. and Stocksbridge Park Steels. A single goal by Chris O'Grady against Sheffield F.C. was not enough to earn a win and the game finished rightly as a draw, while a slightly stronger side beat Stocksbridge Park Steels 0–4. Two goals from Chris Maguire and one from Gary Madine and young trialist Patrick Antelmi saw the Owls get off to a good start in preparation to the pre-season tour in Portugal where the squad were due to fly to the next day. Sheffield Wednesday played their first game of two in Portugal after nearly a week of training their. The Owls went down 2–0 to a strong Sporting Lisbon side. Goals in either half saw off the Owls and was overall seen as a good workout in their preparation to the new season. Two days after this, Sheffield Wednesday were back at the Estadio Municipal de Albufeira to play Premier League side Reading, who had just been promoted from the Football League Championship. A goal either side of half-time from Mike Jones and Chris O'Grady saw Wednesday go out deserved 2–0 winners. After the win, the Owls came back to their training base in Sheffield. On 28 July 2012, Wednesday played their first game since getting back to England, a friendly against Doncaster Rovers, and with little chances from both teams the game finished a goalless draw. Back to the transfer market and the Owls revealed the new signing of Rhys McCabe on a free transfer after deciding not to join the new-co Rangers. The young attacking midfielder agreed a three-year deal with the club. However, the signing was over-shadowed by the leaving of club captain and fan favourite Rob Jones, who left via mutual consent and went on to join Doncaster Rovers just the very next day.

Paragraph 5: The final section of the road was a late creation, consisting of a road laid out in 1805 when Morfe Heath was enclosed (as far as Six Ashes and then various existing roads for the rest of its route.  This was turnpiked in 1816 and remained under the control of a trust until 1877. It terminates in the Quinton area on Halesowen's border with Birmingham and Oldbury. The split junction with Stourbridge Ring Road on the western side of the town replaced the formerly two way narrow section of the road but which necessitated the demolition of buildings on the new alignment.

Paragraph 6: On 26 December 1556, he was received into the clergy, by being tonsured by Dominique de Bigorre, Bishop of Albi, administrator of the Diocese of Auch in the name of Cardinal Ippolito d'Este (1551-1563). He was sent first to the nearby College of Auch as tutor to the sons of a local merchant, Thomas de Marca, then, in the first week of May, 1559, to the Collège de France, Paris. There he studied rhetoric and philosophy for more than two years with the famous humanist logician and mathematician Petrus Ramus, who became his friend. He was unfortunately drawn into an academic dispute between his master Ramus and the famous Jacques Charpentier, Rector, Dean, Censor, and finally (in his victory over Ramus) Professor of Medicine and Mathematics at the College Royale (1566). Seeing his own reputation and prospects diminishing as a result of the quarrel, Ossat withdrew to Bourges at the end of 1565 or beginning of 1566. He studied law briefly at Bourges under the famous legist Jacques Cujas, though his legal studies ultimately filled more than two years. He was back in Paris by 8 September 1568, when he wrote to his mother that he was going to practice as an advocate before the Parlement of Paris. Around the same time he agreed to act as a director of the studies of the twenty-three year old Jean de la Barrière, the abbot of the Feuillants and its eventual reformer, who was eager for guidance in the pursuit of an ecclesiastical career.

Paragraph 7: It was announced on 11 January by a member of Bonfire's public relations team, with direct quotes from Hans Ziller, that Bonfire had gone through a great change for 2015. According to an e-mail that was sent out to fans by Willi Wrede, a falling out had occurred between long time singer Claus Lessmann and founder member Ziller that resulted in "an ending" to the band. The web site known as melodicrock.com  had already published the news two days prior that this had happened with addition information that former Accept and Bangalore Choir vocalist David Reece would be taking on the vocal duties and recording a new album with the group. The e-mail by Wrede went into further details of what had occurred. Lessmann and Chris Limburg no longer had the desire to continue and Uwe Köhler had also decided to leave the group and pursue a new course in music with another band. Ziller had wanted to carry on with Harry Reischmann (drums) and so hired Reece as well as Ronnie Parkes (Bass) from Seven Witches These musicians for the year of 2014 were performing together as EZ Livin', a solo venture by Ziller while Bonfire had taken a break. The new second guitarist of Bonfire is Frank Pané, member of the German metal band Solemnity and ex-member of Red to Grey, and Valley's Eve.

Paragraph 8: Their only son, Sir Harry Fetherstonhaugh, added to the collection and commissioned Humphry Repton to add a new pillared portico, dairy and landscaped garden. In the 19th century stables and kitchens were added as separate buildings, connected to the main building by tunnels. Sir Harry married, at the age of 71, the estate's dairymaid, 21-year-old Mary Ann Bullock, to whom he left Uppark on his death in 1846. She in turn, after considerably upgrading the property, left it to her sister Frances on her own death in 1874.  Frances Bullock, under her adopted name of Miss Fetherstonhaugh, was determined to fulfill the trust her sister had passed on. She chose her two friends, Colonel Keith Turnour and Admiral Herbert Meade, to be her heirs in succession. Both were selected as second sons who could, therefore, adopt her name, which both went on to do.  Admiral Meade's wife, Margaret, became the next mistress of Uppark in 1931. She continued caring for the house and contents as the Bullock sisters had done. After World War II, Admiral Meade-Fetherstonhaugh and his son, Richard, entered into negotiations with the National Trust, the outcome being that Uppark passed to the Trust in 1954.  The house is open to the public, except for private apartments leased from the Trust that are still used as a home.

Paragraph 9:  Note (1802): Identifying a definitive party label for Temple and Titchfield is difficult. Stooks Smith considered Temple a Tory and Titchfield a Whig, but he may not be reliable for Bucks candidates allegiances before about 1818. Both knights of the shire were members of traditional Whig families and were closely related to one or more Whig Prime Ministers. Temple was a member of the Grenville family, which had supported their cousin William Pitt the Younger during his first premiership 1783-1801. Former Bucks MP (and uncle of Earl Temple) William Grenville, 1st Baron Grenville had become closer to Charles James Fox and his faction of opposition Whigs since leaving office with Pitt in 1801. This may have affected the political position of his relatives like Earl Temple. Titchfield was the son of William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland who had been the Whig Prime Minister of the Fox-North Coalition, in office before Pitt. However Portland had split his Whig faction and broken with the pre-eminent opposition Whig leader in the House of Commons, Charles James Fox, over the attitude to be taken to the French Revolution. Portland joined Pitt's cabinet in 1794. Pitt called himself a Whig, although his followers came from both traditional Whig and Tory families. Titchfield, when he was first elected for the county in 1791, had been brought forward as a candidate by the Buckinghamshire Independent Club. This club had supported the late Earl Verney, and were definitely a Whig organisation. At that time Titchfield's father was the leader of the largest Whig faction in opposition to Pitt's Ministry. However Davis does imply that Titchfield himself was a Tory, which is how he has been classified in this article. In the absence of a clear indication of whether Temple considered himself a Whig or Tory at this stage of his career, he has been classified as a Non Partisan member for this article.

Paragraph 10: Saffron performs anti-aliasing by first computing an explicit or implicit adaptively-sampled distance field (ADF) and then mapping distance values to densities. This renders beautiful curves, captures small details, and preserves the nuances of the original font design.   Although only one distance sample is needed per pixel to achieve high-quality results, the program can use up to 3 samples per pixel to optimize image quality for LCD displays. The computation of a distance sample requires only linear interpolation and can be updated incrementally from pixel to pixel, thereby making the rendering process simple and efficient. For a more comprehensive treatment of distance-based anti-aliasing, see "A New Framework for Representing, Rendering, Editing, and Animating Type", Ronald N. Perry and Sarah F. Frisken, MERL, 2002.

Paragraph 11: The stadium was built in 2001 and the first game held at the stadium was on September 7, 2001, an American football game against the Haltom Buffalos. The final cost of the stadium was in the range of between $18 million and $19 million. The stadium shares land with the Transportation Offices for Carroll ISD. Before 2003, the stadium could seat 8,000 people. When the Dallas Burn Soccer Club terminated their lease with Carroll ISD, they left bleachers that they had assembled in the East endzone. The new capacity is approximately 11,000 people. The endzone bleachers are home to the Carroll Dragon Band and the Emerald Belle Drill Team at home games. The Press Box is accessed via elevator and has two floors. The second floor houses operations and coach booths. The first floor houses administration and scouting personnel. The playing surface is artificial and encompasses many draining features due to how easily the concourse can flood in heavy rains. In 2006, the home parking lot was doubled in size due to expected population growth. As of August 2006, the Carroll ISD school board voted to hold all future graduation ceremonies for graduating seniors of Carroll Senior High at Dragon Stadium. The decision spurred a lot of controversy due to possible weather issues and heat concerns.

Paragraph 12: Davenport was born in  Pawnee City, Nebraska to John and Minnie Davenport. He came to Spokane from Nebraska at the age of 20 in March 1889. He first worked at a restaurant owned by his uncle Elijah, called the Pride of Spokane. It burned down in the great fire of August 1889 and Louis started his own business, called Davenport's Restaurant, three days after the fire with two tents and salvaged furniture. Soon his establishment was one of the most renowned restaurants in the Northwest. Over the years, many celebrities traveled to Spokane and dined at Davenport's, including President William Howard Taft in 1909. He added onto the establishment with more dining rooms, a larger kitchen, and more ballrooms. In 1906, his restaurant was popular enough to garner the following review in the national magazine The Philistine:  "The best example of Spokane spirit, crystalized, is Davenport's restaurant... [it] is the best, the most unique and nearest perfect restaurant in America - perhaps the world." That same year a group of businessmen in Spokane had a vision to accommodate the vast number of travelers to the booming Spokane area with a large, grand hotel and asked Louis Davenport to build and oversee it. Davenport agreed and enlisted the aid of famed local architect Kirtland Cutter to design the hotel adjoining his restaurant. At an estimated cost of $2,000,000, the Davenport Hotel finally opened in August 1914. With its spacious Spanish Renaissance-styled main lobby, Isabella dining hall, Italian Gardens restaurant, Marie Antoinette Ballroom, and ornate Hall of Doges, the Davenport was widely considered one of America's grandest hotels and remained so for many years. Louis Davenport was very particular about his hotel and worked tirelessly the creation and management of his establishment, which was known for its excellent service and elegance at a reasonable rate.

Paragraph 13: Juan María Brausen, a 40-year-old copy writer from Buenos Aires, is experiencing a midlife crisis when his wife of 5 years, Gertrudis, overgoes mastectomy. Brausen's longtime friend, Julio Stein, tells him the agency's boss, MacLeod, is about to fire him. In an attempt to save himself from financial ruin, Brausen, advised by Stein, attempts to write a movie script he could sell. Brausen, alone in his apartment in Calle Chile 600 (and later with his recovering wife) starts imagining the 40-year-old doctor Diaz Grey, in his clinic in the fictional town of Santa Maria, as he is visited by the seductive Elena Sala de Lagos, seeking morphine prescriptions for her addiction. Meanwhile, a prostitute nicknamed La Queca moves into the neighboring apartment. Brausen start listening to her conversations from across the wall and begins to imagine her apartment and life, until he eventually breaks in to her apartment and leaves without being seen. Brausen's life begins to dissolve as he keeps imagining Grey and Elena Sala in Santa Maria; his marriage falls apart and his wife, Gertrudis, leaves him, he is fired from the agency and slowly wastes his compensations. As his sanity fades away, Brausen enters La Queca's apartment and starts posing as Arce, a man who is a friend of La Queca's ex-boyfriend and later, using a different lie, as a man who saw La Queca at a bar and followed her home. The two begin a violent affair, during which they get drunk on gin and "Arce" beats La Queca. At some point, Ernesto, one of La Queca's lovers, finds him in her apartment and beats him up. Throughout their romance, Brausen's true identity as her neighbor is not revealed to La Queca. At some point, he hires an office space, steals one of La Queca's family photos and asks his friends to call him there during the day. A fictional "Onetti", modeled after the real author, briefly appears as an office-mate. Brausen begins to have more violent thoughts, imagining how he would kill Gertrudis and La Queca. He buys a gun and waits for the right time. However, before Brausen gets the chance to execute his plan, Ernesto kills her first. For an unknown reason, Brausen decides to help Ernesto escape, and the two flee Buenos Aires by train. However, Brausen leaves a note in La Queca's apartment, implicating Ernesto in the murder. The two escape to the fictional Santa Maria, where police agents find them. In an open ending, it is unclear what happens to Brausen.

Paragraph 14: Sarny became a focal point of the settlement of Russian Jews, commencing as of 1903, following the pogroms at Kishinev, when Sarny was under Russian rule. Russian Interior Minister Vyacheslav von Plehve published a list of villages in which Jews were given "permission" to live, one of which was Sarny. General Dzerzhinsky travelled to St. Petersburg and obtained a permit to constitute Sarny as a "permitted town" for Jewish residents.  By royal decree, every 100 villages were entitled to build a town in which Jews were permitted to live.  Once he had obtained the permit, General Dzerzhinsky commenced to lease his land to Jewish residents, who were only permitted to lease, rather than to buy his land.

Paragraph 15: On October 4, 2010, De Wever (N-VA) left the negotiations. His exit put Di Rupo's Plan B for Belgium, i.e. a partition of Belgium along the borderline of the French Community, under a new light and many, particularly in the French-speaking part of the country, started to speak openly about its concrete implementation.  Plan B is the continuation of Belgium with Brussels and Wallonia only and the departure of Flanders from the Belgian federation.  On October 10, Elio Di Rupo stated on television what his plan was: first, asking the Flemish population whether it was willing to secede; second, asking the population in Brussels and Wallonia whether they intended to remain united within Belgium. He also stressed that in either case citizens living in municipalities with linguistic facilities should also be asked.  He however underlined that he did not desire such an extreme response  but that this scenario should not be ignored.  Di Rupo's declarations on television have been broadly discussed in the French-written press: according to Le Soir, the country had never been so close to a split than this day; less alarmist La Libre Belgique observed that the negotiations are deadlocked and considered Di Rupo's move a good way to define the point that the Francophones are not ready to negotiate further.  However La Dernière Heure, L'Avenir and Flemish columnists in De Morgen, Het Laatste Nieuws, and De Standaard condensed Di Rupo's Plan B down to a tactical move in order to put the pressure on the negotiations and redefine the relations between PS and MR.  The Plan B proposed by Di Rupo was developed by Christian Berhendt, a specialist of constitutional law at the University of Liège.  According to Berhendt, a hypothetical partition of Belgium is constrained by the fact that no political party is ready to split Belgium at the cost of separating from the numerous international organizations to which Belgium is affiliated.  These constraints are such that a splitting of the country would require the modification and ratification of a huge number of treaties.  The interpenetration of the Belgian entities is so complicated that, in comparison, the peaceful splitting of Czechoslovakia appears quite simple.  According to Berhendt several scenarios are therefore impossible: a unilateral secession of Flanders would be rejected by countries fearing secession of their own minorities, such as China, Russia or Spain, because this would create a precedent they cannot allow; the creation of an autonomous European district in Brussels is not a realistic perspective because the European Union, as it is now, is not able to administer such a large city; a scenario where Flanders and Brussels would form a union is unlikely either because, according to Berhendt, the French-speakers will never agree on such a treaty.  For Marc Verdussen (Université Catholique de Louvain), two doorways are open: Plan B1, Belgium dissolves into two entities Flanders on the one hand and a new Wallonia-Brussels state on the other; and Plan B2, Flanders secedes and a residual Belgian state continues with Brussels and Wallonia.  Though it is clear that Plan B2 is favorable to the Francophones, it is not evident that it would be accepted by the Flemings and by a hypothetical international tribunal.  According to the Gewif (Groupe d'études pour la Wallonie intégrée à la France), Di Rupo's Plan B is not viable because the new Brussels-Wallonia would inherit an unbearable debt.  The Gewif therefore argued that only a union with France would be possible.   On September 13 Le Soir published a five-page article on the possible consequences.  According to this analysis, the largest burden on the shoulders of the new Brussels-Wallonian state would be unemployment (17% of the workers; to be compared to 8% in Flanders) and state debt (€150 billion, 106% of GDP).  However Le Soir's columnists observed that the new state would have a huge GDP per capita (€31,000) and would rank 7th among the 27 EU states.  Nevertheless, this would be only due to the inclusion of Brussels where the GDP per capita numbers more than €60,000.

Paragraph 16: For decades the Conservatives were split on India between die-hard imperialists (led by Churchill) and moderate elements who tried to provide limited local control.  Meanwhile, the small Labour minority in Parliament was sympathetic to the Congress movement led by Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharial Nehru. Decolonisation was never a major election issue; Labour was not officially in favour of decolonisation when it was elected in 1945. With violence escalating in India after the war, but with British financial power at a low ebb, large-scale military involvement was impossible. The Viceroy of India warned he needed a further seven army divisions to prevent communal violence if independence negotiations failed. None were available, so political restructuring was accelerated. The Labour government gave independence to India and Pakistan in an unexpectedly quick move in 1947.  One recent historian and Conservative party sympathiser Andrew Roberts says the independence of India was a "national humiliation" but it was necessitated by urgent financial, administrative, strategic and political needs.  Whereas Churchill in 1940–45 had tightened the hold on India and imprisoned the Congress leadership, Labour had looked forward to making it a fully independent dominion like Canada or Australia. Many of the Congress leaders in India had studied in England, and were highly regarded as fellow idealistic socialists by Labour leaders. Attlee was the Labour expert on India and took special charge of decolonization.  Attlee found that Churchill's viceroy, Field Marshal Archibald Wavell, was too imperialistic, too keen on military solutions (he wanted seven more Army divisions) and too neglectful of Indian political alignments. The new Viceroy was Lord Mountbatten, the dashing war hero and a cousin of King George VI. The boundary between the newly created states of Pakistan and India involved the widespread resettlement of millions of Muslims and Hindus (and many Sikhs). Extreme violence ensued when Punjab and Bengal provinces were split. Historian Yasmin Khan estimates that between a half-million and a million men, women and children were killed. Gandhi himself was assassinated by a Hindu activist in January 1948.  Popular and elite opinion in Britain at the time did not view Indian independence as a humiliation but as a successful completion of a process long underway, and strongly supported by Labour and indeed most of the conservative party as well. A major reason that Churchill was in the wilderness during the 1930s was his refusal to support the Conservative position in favor of independence for India. Independence strengthened the Commonwealth of Nations, and had a valuable impact on the British economy, with large sums transferring back and forth, as well as fresh migrants arriving from India. In sharp contrast, France felt humiliated by its loss of its colonial empire, especially Algeria and Vietnam. The success  in India encouraged and embolden the development programs of ambitious young British colonial officials in Africa and the rest of Asia.

Paragraph 17: The Parisian experience led him to analyze the 'human condition' under a psychological profile. He had already started on this theme some years before, and it would accompany him throughout his artistic production. In the first half of the '60s he also experiments with different painting techniques, including materic textured painting that recall Rembrandt and Francis Bacon – as in L'Uscita dal Metrò e Composizione of 1963. In the same year, he undertook his fundamental research for a new figuration where the image is created from light; a modus operandi that characterized his entire career and of which he was a pioneer through an attentive and careful study of works by Piero della Francesca and Caravaggio. From the mid-1960s, his attention focused on the representation of mechanical objects and the waste of the consumer society; such as tubular and fences, immersed in a monotone light where the line between dignity and degradation is blurred and a sense of loneliness and anxiety pervades all. This sense of claustrophobia of the everyday is also found in the production of the first years of the 1970s. In the series of the Bocciatori  and  Interni , the use of cold light has a fundamental role in creating an uneasiness in the everyday situations and gestures represented, as well as in the play between solid and void. References to Vermeer's paintings have been made in relation to Verrusio's interpretation of rural life and still lifes. Here the light undergoes a tonal change to warmer colours, and normality becomes a solemn moment. Representative of these themes are the 'Still Lives with Figs and Lemons' and the portrait of Natuccio and Giovannina of 1975. The most abstract form of this poetic and pictorial approach is found in the series of the Sassi, which began almost a decade earlier during a visit to the Island of Elba. In this regard, Renzo Vespignani wrote:The lens is even smaller, and the search for an 'everything in focus' both cruel and unmoved together, burns every remaining twilight; the lens is focused and restricted as much as the conscience of the painter expands, and the object fills the canvas with no evidence of any effort. The world could be said to be reduced to a still life, but a still life – this still life – is elevated to the rank of absolute and pivotal phenomenon. It is a fatal mechanism that Verrusio realizes aggregating, overlapping, locking, around the same subject, the results of a more widespread observation: the pebble, smoothed by the wind from the sea, is found in every position possible, under every possible light, and is reborn countless times, totally possessed, in a succession of surfaces, curves, volumes, always the same and always different.

Paragraph 18: Settlement in the area was particularly concentrated within a radius of  of the intersection of Eleventh Road and Wungong Road (Wungong Road being known as 'Rowley Road' at that time), an intersection that came to be known as 'Bodicoat's Corner' after the couple who occupied the cottage on the north side of the intersection. Names of other early families included Cockshott, Hilbert, Sermon, Marsh, Billingham, Whiteley, Cassell, Dutton, Smith, Aitkin, Mills, Baggs, Grafham, Henderson and Wheeler.  These settlers formed a community and took the initiative to erect a hall on Eleventh Road,  north of Bodicoat's Corner (at the intersection with Rowley Road). The land was donated by Dutton. It was vested in the Congregational Union of Australia and formally known as the 'Wongong Congregational Mission Hall'. This hall was the centre of community activities for the next 50 years. In the early 1950s, while for a time disused by the Congregationalists, it was hired by the fledgling Free Reformed Church for their worship services, Bible study evenings and, in 1954, as the venue for the first synod of the Free Reformed Churches of Australia.  Over the years, the hall served as a venue for various religious and secular festivities (but not dancing), weddings, a meeting venue for the local Progress Association, a polling place for elections, and even for a short time as an overflow classroom for the Armadale Senior High School. By the early 1960s, the hall had fallen into disuse and in 1963 it was dismantled and relocated to Roleystone. A concrete pad and steps remained on the site until around 2013 when the steps were relocated to the grounds of the newly opened Free Reformed Church of Darling Downs, on the corner of Rowley Road and Masters Road. The site continues to have social significance to many local residents.

Paragraph 19: At 17:30 on the same day, Grandi went to Palazzo Venezia under the official reason of presenting a new book about the Italian participation in the non-intervention committee in Spain to Mussolini. The meeting was scheduled to last 15 minutes, but it was prolonged until 18:45. The Chief of Police and the German Feldmarschall Kesselring were waiting to be received by the Duce. Mussolini later denied that he spoke with Grandi about the OdG, but it is apparent that Grandi, who loved the Duce, explained to him the consequences of his OdG and gave him a chance to save face and resign before the vote. In that case, the Grand Council's meeting would have been superfluous. Mussolini listened while Grandi was explaining the necessity of resigning to avoid a catastrophe, but at the end rebuked him saying that his conclusions were wrong since Germany was about to produce a decisive secret weapon. After that, Mussolini met Kesselring and the Chief of Police, Chierici, whom he confided in that it would have been easy to bring Grandi, Bottai and Ciano back to the fold as they were eager to be persuaded by him. On 23 July, Mussolini accepted the resignation of Cini, which was supposed to be a signal to his opponents. At the same time, Grandi, Federzoni, de Marsico (one of the best jurists in Italy), Bottai and Ciano modified the OdG by removing the interpretative introduction which explained the functions of the Grand Council. This demonstrated that the assembly had the constitutional power to remove Mussolini. According to the constitutionalists, the "Leggi Fascistissime" of December 1925 bent the Constitution, but did not break it. Because of these laws, the Duce ruled the country on behalf of the King, who always remained the source of executive power. If the Grand Council, which was the trait d'union between Fascism and the state, passed a vote of no confidence on the dictator, the King would have been entitled to remove him and nominate his successor. Ciano was acquainted with the OdG by Bottai, and Grandi was reluctant to accept him since he was the son-in-law of Mussolini and known for his superficial and inconstant character. However, Ciano insisted, unaware that this decision would provoke his death six months later in Verona. After that, Grandi had Farinacci visit his office in the parliament to show him his OdG. Farinacci told Grandi that he accepted the first part of the document, but that he did not agree with the rest: the military powers had to be given to the Germans, and Italy should start to fight the war by getting rid of Mussolini and the generals. Farinacci asked him for a copy of his OdG, and like Scorza, he used it to produce another OdG of his own. In the time left before the meeting, Grandi contacted other participants asking them to join his action.

Paragraph 20: Primal Quest is an expedition adventure race that has been called one of the most difficult athletic events in the world and was cited as the most prestigious expedition event in North America. Co-ed teams of four trail run, mountain bike, kayak, climb, rappel and mountaineer all while navigating all under their own power. The race has been in existence since 2001 and has been successfully revived following the loss of adventure racer Nigel Aylott. Each race lasts up to ten days, with winning teams completing the course in approximately six-eight days. The race once featured the largest prize purse in adventure racing.

Paragraph 21: The arrival of the Spaniards to the Philippines, especially through the commencement of the Manila-Acapulco Galleon Trade that connected the Philippines through Manila to Acapulco in Mexico, attracted new waves of immigrants from China, as Manila was already previously connected to the Maritime Silk Road and Maritime Jade Road, as shown in the Selden Map, from Quanzhou and/or Zhangzhou in Southern Fujian to Manila, maritime trade flourished during the Spanish period, especially as Manila was connected to the ports of Southern Fujian, such as Yuegang (the old port of Haicheng in Zhangzhou, Fujian). The Spanish recruited thousands of Chinese migrant workers from "Chinchew" (Quanzhou), "Chiõ Chiu" (Zhangzhou), "Canton" (Guangzhou), and Macau called sangleys (from Hokkien ) to build the colonial infrastructure in the islands. Many Chinese immigrants converted to Christianity, intermarried with the locals, and adopted Hispanized names and customs and became assimilated, although the children of unions between Filipinos and Chinese that became assimilated continued to be designated in official records as mestizos de sangley. The Chinese mestizos were largely confined to the Binondo area until the 19th century. However, they eventually spread all over the islands and became traders, landowners and moneylenders. Today, their descendants still comprise a significant part of the Philippine population especially its bourgeois, who during the late Spanish Colonial Era in the late 19th century, produced a major part of the ilustrado intelligentsia of the late Spanish Colonial Philippines, that were very influential with the creation of Filipino nationalism and the sparking of the Philippine Revolution as part of the foundation of the First Philippine Republic and subsequent sovereign independent Philippines. Today, the bulk of the families in the list of the political families in the Philippines have such family background. Meanwhile, the colonial-era Sangley's pure ethnic Chinese descendants of which, replenished by later migrants in the 20th century, that preserved at least some of their Chinese culture, integrated together with mainstream Filipino culture, are now in the form of the modern Chinese Filipino community, who currently play a leading role in the Philippine business sector and contribute a significant share of the Philippine economy today, where most in the current list of the Philippines' richest each year comprise Taipan billionaires of Chinese Filipino background, mostly of Hokkien descent, where most still trace their roots back to mostly Jinjiang or Nan'an within Quanzhou or sometimes Xiamen (Amoy) or Zhangzhou, all within Southern Fujian, the Philippines' historical trade partner with Mainland China.

Paragraph 22: Lloyd-Jones was born in Cardiff on 20 December 1899 and raised in Llangeitho, Cardiganshire. His father was a grocer, and he had two brothers: Harold died during the 1918 flu pandemic, while Vincent went on to become a High Court judge.  Llangeitho is associated with the Welsh Methodist revival, as it was the location of Daniel Rowland's ministry. Attending a London grammar school between 1914 and 1917 and then St Bartholomew's Hospital as a medical student, in 1921 he started work as assistant to the Royal Physician, Sir Thomas Horder. Lloyd-Jones obtained a medical degree from the University of London, and became a Member of the Royal College of Physicians.  After struggling for two years over what he sensed was a calling to preach, in 1927 Lloyd-Jones returned to Wales, having married Bethan Phillips (with whom he later had two children, Elizabeth and Ann), accepting an invitation to minister at a church in Aberavon (Port Talbot).

Paragraph 23: Although there are many minor differences between the broadcast pilot and the cinema release, the most notable is the fact that, in the film version, Baltar is executed by the Cylons, whereas, in the television version, he is held for public execution before later being shown mercy by the Cylons, and going on to be a major character on the television series. The made for TV version included a scene of Starbuck & Athena in her quarters, which more significantly established their relationship early in the story. The Cylons in the theater release versions were living creatures in armor suits, not robots (rumor has it the censors allowed them to blow up more Cylon ships on TV if they were robots). There were more aliens in the casino on the planet Carillon in the theater version (the motivation to replace some of the aliens with humans might have been to make it less like the cantina scene in Star Wars). In the theater version there is significant dramatic tension when the audience realizes that all the pilots have been invited to a party on the planet Carillon, and the Cylons are about to attack the fighter pilotless fleet. In a surprise ending we find out that non-pilots have been dressed as pilots, and most of the real pilots are on the Galactica prepped for a counter attack. In the TV version they destroy this dramatic tension by giving away the surprise ending ahead of time with a conversation between Commander Adama and Colonel Tigh, and a scene of Tigh stealing uniforms from pilots' lockers. Another difference was related to TV censorship. In the TV version Starbuck and Cassiopia are sitting beside each other fully clothed in the launch tube, not nude and having sex as they were in the theater version, when Athena sees them on the monitor. (In the 35th Anniversary Blu-ray of the theatrical release, they are fully clothed.)

Paragraph 24: The Zen Portable Media Center, announced on January 8, 2004, and released eight months later, is based on Microsoft's Portable Media Center interface, runs Windows Mobile and supports WMV, WMA, and MP3, and can display JPEG images; other video formats are supported through transcoding. This device was the first to exclusively support Microsoft's Media Transfer Protocol, and was presented at the Consumer Electronics Show in 2004, winning the TechTV Best of CES Award in the Portable Audio and Video category. The player uses a 1.8-inch 20 or 40 GB hard drive from Hitachi. The Zen Portable Media Center has been replaced by the ZEN Vision and the ZEN Vision W.

Paragraph 25: Guy makes an appearance in UDON's Street Fighter II Turbo comic, in which he was given an invitation to fight in the Japanese branch of the Street Fighter Tournament by M. Bison. Dan tries to take Guy's invitation from him by force, yet is quickly defeated. At night, Dan breaks into Guy's house and steals his invitation; Guy witnesses the whole event, but decides to give Dan a chance, as he was not planning on joining the competition in the first place. Guy also appears in the manga adaptation of Street Fighter Alpha by Masahiko Nakahira, where he is depicted as a well-known vigilante ninja credited with bringing an end to several criminal organisations. Guy disguised himself as a member of Shadaloo to face M. Bison, but he is forced to reveal his identity when Vega tries to kill both Adon and a possessed Ryu. After making quick work of Vega, Guy kicks several oil drums at Ryu (a nod to the Final Fight series), then proceeds to fight Ryu. Due to Guy's superior speed and training to fight multiple enemies at once, Guy is able to block every attack from Ryu's Shun Goku Satsu and defeat him. He is last seen watching over the battle between Ryu and Sagat.

Paragraph 26: The Gardens got the nickname "The Cow Barn" from attendants emphasizing its use for agriculture exhibitions, in particular for livestock shows. It also was notorious for bad sight lines and uncomfortable seats. The girders, that were also in the way of spectators, dripped water onto the ice/play surface creating mounds during play. By the 1960s, it was often criticized as being a fire hazard. A $60,000 improvement in 1963 did little to improve its safety, leading to having seven Edmonton Fire Department firefighters stationed at each event. Media increasingly called it a dirty, obsolete, and rickety building, and an April 15, 1966 Edmonton Journal article called Edmonton Gardens "a disaster waiting to happen. The old house, with its obsolete lighting fixtures, oily wooden floors, and sordid washrooms, is an eyesore to hockey fans." The following month, the city fire chief condemned it, and ordered it closed as a fire hazard. That summer saw a $670,000 renovation that gutted the interior, and replaced the steel girders with  columns at 45°. The wooden bleachers were replaced with a fireproof concrete grandstand, and reduced the seating capacity to 5,200.The Oilers and Oil Kings moved across 118 Avenue to Northlands Coliseum, in 1974. Demolition of the Gardens began January 20, 1982, but quickly disproved the moniker "accident waiting to happen." "Firstly, they stuffed it with 50 kilograms of dynamite, then, they used a bulldozer, but still the grand old lady of Edmonton sports wouldn't budge," one story reported. "Gardens won't go boom," the headline read, recounting two days of the crew drilling holes into the walls and supports, and then cramming in 320 sticks of dynamite. An Edmonton Journal article on February 25, 1982, read "Gardens 2 TNT 0. A second try at demolishing what's left of the Edmonton Gardens ended with a wham, a puff of dust and peals of laughter. The building stood in mock defiance amid hoots of glee from the gallery (of onlookers)." Northlands Park elected to finish the demolition with a wrecking ball. Another arena, Hall D of the Edmonton Expo Centre, currently occupies the site.

Paragraph 27: Spanish immigration was the third largest among immigrant groups in Brazil; about 750,000 immigrants entered Brazil from Spanish ports (a number smaller only than that of Argentina and Cuba after the independence of Latin American countries). Numbers of Spaniards coming to Brazil before independence are unknown, but they had a presence, particularly more significant during the Iberian Union period and in São Paulo state. During the dynastic union between Portugal and Spain (1580–1640), many Spaniards settled in Brazil, particularly in São Paulo. As a consequence, there is a large number of Brazilian descendants of these early settlers, especially since the early inhabitants of São Paulo explored and settled in other parts of Brazil. The descendants of Bartolomeu Bueno de Ribeira, born in Seville around 1555, who settled in São Paulo around 1583, marrying Maria Pires, are an example of it. Afonso Taunay, in his book dealing with early São Paulo, São Paulo in the XVI century, mentions also Baltazar de Godoy, Francisco de Saavedra, Jusepe de Camargo, Martin Fernandes Tenório de Aguilar, and Bartolomeu de Quadros, among others. In his genealogical account of the settling of São Paulo, Pedro Taques de Almeida Paes Leme also mentions the three Rendon brothers, Juan Matheus Rendon, Francisco Rendon de Quebedo and Pedro Matheus Rendon Cabeza de Vaca, as well as Diogo Lara from Zamora. Spaniards from Galicia also settled in Brazil during that time, like Jorge de Barros, for example. The family names Bueno, Godoy, Lara, Saavedra, Camargo, etc., tracing back to these early settlers, are quite popular throughout Southeast Brazil, Southern Brazil and the Center-West. Silva Leme, in his work  ('Paulistana Genealogy'), addresses several of these families. Brazilian censuses do not research "ethnic origins" or ancestry, which makes it very difficult to give accurate numbers of Brazilians of Spanish descent. The only reliable research available is the 1998 July PME, the scope of which, however, is limited (it covers only six metropolitan regions), likely resulting in skewed results, as it includes the metropolitan regions of São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Porto Alegre, and Salvador, probably the most important concentrations of Brazilians of Spanish descent. In the 1998 PME, Brazilians of Spanish descent were 4.4%  of the analysed populations. If the same proportion were found in all territories, this would mean about 8,400,000 Brazilians of Spanish descent, but such extrapolation is problematic, and quite certainly results in an overestimate, due to the issues pointed above.

Paragraph 28: Sidney Hook (December 20, 1902 – July 12, 1989) was an American philosopher of pragmatism known for his contributions to the philosophy of history, the philosophy of education, political theory, and ethics. After embracing communism in his youth, Hook was later known for his criticisms of totalitarianism, both fascism and Marxism–Leninism. A social democrat, Hook sometimes cooperated with conservatives, particularly in opposing Marxism–Leninism. After World War II, he argued that members of such groups as the Communist Party USA and Leninists like democratic centralists could ethically be barred from holding the offices of public trust because they called for the violent overthrow of democratic governments.

Paragraph 29: Despite coming from a family from the film industry, Selvaraghavan and his sisters were persuaded by their parents to seek a career with an academic background. He subsequently went on to attain a BEng. in Mechanical Engineering, though his exam performances were unremarkable and he acknowledges he was "never going to become one of the best". During his studies, he engaged part-time in different career paths in a process he describes as "soul-searching", before finding satisfaction as a writer. After he graduated in 1997, he approached producers to fund his screenplay writing, but was unsuccessful and often remained at home as an unemployed graduate. His family faced financial pressures in the early 2000s with his father being out of work, and subsequently they decided to put their remaining earnings into a venture titled Thulluvadho Ilamai (2002), which Selvaraghavan had written. Featuring his brother Dhanush in his first role, alongside Sherin and Abhinay, the film told the coming-of-age story of six high school students and featured a hit soundtrack by Yuvan Shankar Raja. After taking a small opening, the film began to get teen audiences to cinema halls for its adolescent themes, while also being publicised in quarters as a "soft porn" film. It subsequently went on to become a sleeper hit and won positive reviews from critics for breaking the stereotypes of Tamil films. After release, Selvaraghavan stated that he had also directed the film, but was forced to credit his more established film-maker father Kasthuri Raja as the sole director, in order to help the project find a distributor.

Paragraph 30: Field Marshal Cariappa of the Rajput Regiment and General Thimayya of the Kumaon Regiment were the most distinguished army-men among the Kodavas. Many other Kodavas have been made Lt. Generals, Major Generals, Brigadiers and Air Marshals. Lt. General A. C. Iyappa (or Apparanda Aiyappa) is best remembered for his contributions towards the Corps of Signals and towards Bharat Electronics Limited. There were several war heroes as well such as Nadikerianda Bheemaiah, a JCO who was awarded the Vir Chakra for conspicuous bravery in J&K Operations in 1947, Air Marshal Cheppudira D Subbaia who was a fighter pilot during WW II and was awarded the Vir Chakra and the PVSM, Squadron Leader Ajjamada B Devaiah, (known as the 'wings of fire') another fighter pilot was awarded the Maha Vir Chakra after he shot down an enemy aircraft and died in Pakistan during the 1965 Indo Pak War, Major Ganapathi Puttichanda Somiah, (known as the 'Major who kept his cool') awarded the Maha Vir Chakra, during the Indian Intervention in Sri Lanka, Major Ranjan Chengappa, Shaurya Chakra Awardee who was in Congo for UN mission as part of a peace keeping force, Col Chembanda M Thimanna, awarded the Shaurya Chakra for bravery in counter insurgency operations, Major Chottangada Ganesh Madappa, was awarded Shaurya Chakra posthumously in 1996, Squadron Leader Mandepanda Appachu Ganapathy, awarded the Vir Chakra in 1972 (when as a Flight Lieutenant he shot down Pakistani Sabre Jets). Major (now Retd Maj Gen) K P Nanjappa was awarded the Vir Chakra in 1971.