Paragraph 1: When interviewed by Make-A-Wish, Ben's wish was to design a video game in which cancer cells were eaten to help other children visualize fighting their cancer and help them to cope with cancer treatments. He remembered his oncologist telling him to think of chemotherapy as eating cancer cells. When Make-A-Wish first approached gaming companies - their requests to help create a cancer-fighting video game were denied. Make-a-Wish Executive Director Patricia Wilson was told that a video game would take upwards of US$1,000,000 and possibly years to create. Ms. Wilson sought the help of her Board of Directors and within days the request to fulfill Ben's wish was posted on several gaming sites. Inquiries and offers to assist began immediately from game designers in the UK, Israel, Canada and the United States. One particular offer came from a Bay Area game designer who offered to spearhead the entire game design on one condition: that he have a chance to meet and work with Ben directly. Eric Johnston, a software engineer from LucasArts met with Ben weekly for 6 months and together, they created Ben's Game. Ben's own pediatric oncologist served as medical adviser for the game upon condition that UCSF Children's Hospital be the first medical facility to have the game installed for children to play.

Paragraph 2: Predecessor units trace their origins to 1795, and since 1949 Royal Newfoundland Regiment has been a unit of the Canadian Army. During the First World War the battalion-sized Newfoundland Regiment was the only North American unit to fight in the Gallipoli campaign of 1915. Later in the war the regiment was virtually wiped out at Beaumont Hamel on July 1, 1916, the first day of the Battle of the Somme, but was rebuilt and continued to serve throughout France and Belgium until the armistice, serving as part of the British Army of the Rhine in 1919. In December 1917, George V bestowed the regiment with the right to use the prefix royal before its name. It was the only military unit to receive this honour during the First World War.

Paragraph 3: In 1910 Edwin was living in the Bronx, New York and working as a cotton goods salesman. Around 1911 he moved the family from the Bronx to Hollis, Queens. He registered for the draft on September 12, 1918, but did not serve in World War I. He became a Democratic party ward heeler for Tammany Hall, and was appointed as the Commissioner of Public Markets for New York City by mayor John F. Hylan.  He testified on August 18, 1922 before the Kings County, New York Grand Jury, which was investigating the mishandling of the fees paid by vendors to the Public Markets office. No charges were filed.

Paragraph 4: At a Christmas lecture, a nun named Sister Mary Ignatius explains to the audience the basic tenets of Catholicism. She is assisted by her favorite student, seven-year-old Thomas. From time to time, she asks him catechism questions and gives him a cookie for every right answer. Half-way into her speech, four of her former students, Gary Sullivan, Diane Symonds, Philomena Rostovich, and Aloysius Benheim, enter dressed as St. Joseph, The Virgin Mary, and two halves of a camel. The four remind Sister that she had asked them to come in and perform the pageant they once performed in her class. After the pageant, it becomes apparent that the four have strayed from her teaching; Diane has had two abortions (the first one from a rape at age 18), Philomena is an unwed mother, Aloysius is an alcoholic who beats his wife and is thinking about suicide, and Gary is gay. They reveal that they were never asked to come in and merely wanted to embarrass Sister. They each have their own reason for hating her; Aloysius was refused bathroom privileges frequently and now has bladder problems, Philomena recalls being hit by Sister for being a poor student, Gary is there on behalf of his boyfriend Jeff, and Diane had believed Sister until her world came crashing down when her mother died of breast cancer and she was raped the same day. Diane reveals that she has brought a gun to kill Sister, something the other three were not aware of. Sister grabs a gun from behind her lectern and shoots Diane in self-defense. She also shoots Gary, proclaiming that she has sent him to heaven, as he went to confession earlier that day. She then points the gun at Aloysius, who needs to go to the bathroom, before handing it to Thomas to take a nap. The play ends with Thomas pointing the gun at Aloysius while explaining the perfections of God, Diane and Gary's dead bodies on the floor, and Sister asleep.

Paragraph 5: The Falcon is the nickname for two fictional detectives. Drexel Drake (real name Charles H. Huff) created Michael Waring, alias the Falcon, a freelance investigator and troubleshooter, in his 1936 novel, The Falcon's Prey. It was followed by two more novels – The Falcon Cuts In, 1937, and The Falcon Meets a Lady, 1938 – and a 1938 short story. Michael Arlen created Gay Stanhope Falcon in 1940. This Falcon made his first appearance in Arlen's short story "Gay Falcon" (aka "A Man Called Falcon"), which was originally published in 1940 in Town & Country magazine. The story opens with the words "Now of this man who called himself Gay Falcon many tales are told, and this is one of them." Arlen's Falcon is characterized as a freelance adventurer and troubleshooter – a man who makes his living "keeping his mouth shut and engaging in dangerous enterprises."

Paragraph 6: The aspirational age can be identified as the age of which consumers associate positive experiences with, such as freedom. For example, most adults are preoccupied with day-to-day responsibilities which can be viewed as stressful. Marketing to the aspirational age therefore, allows businesses to attract a generation of nostalgic consumers. The aspirational age as a tool is thus essentially modelled on the notion of nostalgia. From the adult's perspective, the psychology behind the 'aspirational age' can be defined as a recapture of youthful days. 'High-speed modern living, stress and the impact of recession' have all been considered as factors which influence a consumer's longing of their 'aspirational age'.

Paragraph 7: The Assassin (2015)The Assassin (2015) was Hou's eighteenth feature film and garnered him the Best Director award at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, where composer Giong Lim also won the Cannes Soundtrack Award. The film also swept the 2015 Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards, winning a grand total of five awards: Best Director, Best Feature Film, Best Cinematography (Ping Bin Lee), Best Makeup & Costume Design (Wen-Ying Huang), and Best Sound Effects (Duu-Chih Tu, Shih Yi Chu, Shu-yao Wu).> The film was also nominated for 5 additional Golden Horse awards: Best Leading Actress (Shi Qu), Best Adapted Screenplay (Cheng Ah, Chu T’ien-wen and Hai-Meng Hsieh), Best Art Direction (Wen-Ying Huang), Best Original Film Score (Giong Lim) and Best Film Editing (Ching-Song Liao). The film was also nominated for a BAFTA Award for "Best Foreign Language Film", but lost to Wild Tales.The Assassin also won a Best Foreign Language Film award from the 2015 Florida Film Critics Circle Awards, a "Best Film Not in the English Language" award from the Online Film Critics Society (where it was also nominated for a Best Cinematography award for DP Ping Bin Lee), and a Best Foreign Language film award from the Vancouver Film Critics Circle in 2016. The film also won 2nd place for a Best Foreign Language Film award from the Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association in 2015, 3rd place in a 2015 indieWire Critics' Poll for Best Director and Best Cinematography (Ping Bin Lee), where it also received an 8th place for Best Film and a 9th place for Best Editing (Chih-Chia Huang), and 2nd place for a Best Foreign Language Film Award from the Southeastern Film Critics Association Awards in 2015.

Paragraph 8: During the Second World War, Constantine worked for the Ministry of Labour and National Service as a Welfare Officer responsible for West Indians employed in English factories. In 1943, the manager of a London hotel refused to accommodate Constantine and his family on the grounds of their race in an instance of the UK colour bar; Constantine successfully sued the hotel company. Commentators recognise the case as a milestone in British racial equality. Constantine qualified as a barrister in 1954, while also establishing himself as a journalist and broadcaster. He returned to Trinidad and Tobago in 1954, entered politics and became a founding member of the People's National Movement, subsequently entering the government as minister of communications. From 1961 to 1964, he served as High Commissioner to the United Kingdom and, controversially, became involved in issues relating to racial discrimination, including the Bristol Bus Boycott. In his final years, he served on the Race Relations Board, the Sports Council and the Board of Governors of the BBC. Failing health reduced his effectiveness in some of these roles, and he faced criticism for becoming a part of the British Establishment. He died of a heart attack on 1 July 1971, aged 69. In June 2021, he was inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame as one of the special inductees to mark the inaugural edition of the ICC World Test Championship final.

Paragraph 9: Clea is the Sorceress Supreme of the Dark Dimension, possessing vast powers involving the manipulation of the forces of magic for a variety of effects. She has exhibited such abilities as transmutation, forming and throwing magical bolts of concussive energy, magically constructed animate beings, conjuring objects and energies, teleporting, telekinesis, levitation, mesmerism, thought-casting, controlling others' minds, casting illusions, and the tapping of extra-dimensional energy by invoking entities or objects of power existing in dimensions tangential to Earth's through the recitation of spells. Presumably, she is capable of replicating any spell performed by her former mentor, Doctor Strange. As she is descended from the Faltine race of beings, it is suggested that she can generate her own mystical energy, like Umar and Dormammu, and draw upon it to fuel her magic. She also possesses greater strength and body density than that of a normal Earth human. Her age is indeterminate and the rate at which she ages is unknown since she has lived for centuries but has the form and demeanour of a twenty-year-old woman. Clea has defeated the Enchantress in single magical combat, and armed with the Flames of Regency, at the peak of her magical abilities, even rivalled her mother Umar in raw power.

Paragraph 10: Several rounds of intense severe thunderstorms brought significant damaging winds, very large hail, and several tornadoes primarily across the Southern United States from April 9 into the evening of April 11. April 9 started with several clusters of multi-cells, supercells, and bowing segments across much of the Deep South. Strong straight-line thunderstorm winds in Shreveport, Louisiana toppled a tree onto a mobile home around 6:30 p.m. (23:30 UTC), resulting in a fatality. Several large hail-producing supercells then formed and moved through areas from Oklahoma to North Texas before merging into a large squall line and surging southeastward into Arkansas and Louisiana, producing widespread wind damage. Meanwhile, several tornado-producing supercells formed ahead of the line. A weak EF0 tornado was recorded by several storm spotters near Pelahatchie, Mississippi, causing intermittent tree damage. Just after midnight on April 10, a large EF1 tornado ripped roofs off of sheds and carports and knocked down trees, including some that fell on homes, near Columbia, Mississippi. To the southwest, a low-end EF3 tornado tossed vehicles and damaged or destroyed several homes and mobile homes in the rural community of Waxia near Palmetto, Louisiana just after 2:00 a.m. CDT (07:00 UTC), resulting in one fatality and seven injuries. Later that morning, the squall line produced multiple tornadoes in the Florida Panhandle. A strong tornadic waterspout came onshore in Laguna Beach, Florida, causing severe EF2 damage to a business and damaging several homes. Another tornadic waterspout struck Gulf Lagoon Beach, located at the southeastern edge of the Panama City Beach city limits and caused EF0 damage to beach furniture. In Lynn Haven, an EF1 tornado caused considerable damage to an automotive business. That afternoon, isolated to widely scattered severe storms formed from the Great Lakes to the Carolinas, producing sporadic wind and hail damage as well as isolated tornadoes into the overnight hours. An EF1 tornado also caused damage to businesses and a radio tower, and flipped a car near Seneca, South Carolina. A brief EF0 tornado damaged a few homes near Cutlerville, Michigan, and another EF0 tornado damaged a home near Reidville, South Carolina. Early on April 11, another EF1 tornado caused damage to homes and outbuildings near Belvoir, North Carolina. That afternoon, another squall line pushed southeastward down the entire Florida panhandle, producing mainly wind and hail damage, although a brief EF0 tornado that caused minor tree damage was confirmed near Eagle Lake. Another non-tornadic fatality occurred near Spring Hill when a person got out of their car after it was struck by a fallen tree and was electrocuted when they came in contact with downed power lines. Overall, the outbreak generated 20 tornadoes, resulting in one fatality. Two other non-tornadic deaths also occurred as a result of the severe weather. There was also at least $635 million in damage.

Paragraph 11: Heading into Slammiversary, Matt Morgan expressed his wishes to join the Mafia. This would lead to Angle facing Morgan in a singles match on TNA Impact! which Angle would win. After the match, Angle shook Morgan's hand, showing that he would want him in the MEM. On the following week's TNA Impact!, during a King of the Mountain qualification match between Angle and Sting, Morgan interfered and helped Angle win. After the match, Angle thanked Morgan for helping him win. Morgan would go on and ask Sting to let him become a member of the MEM. Sting agreed to a match at Slammiversary against Morgan where, if Morgan won, he could join the group. Sting went on to defeat Morgan at the pay-per-view. In the final match of the pay-per-view, Angle won the King of the Mountain match to win the TNA World Heavyweight Championship after Samoa Joe turned heel and joined the MEM by handing him the World Heavyweight Championship belt, backstabbing the TNA Front Line in the process. On the June 25 edition of TNA Impact!, it was explained that Joe had been paid off by the MEM due to them being unable to defeat him. The MEM, as well as Morgan, attacked Sting in disapproval of his leadership, with Angle announcing that he had regained leadership of the group. The following week, Sting saved A.J. Styles from a beat down from his former stablemates, attacking each member of the MEM with his baseball bat and stealing Angle's TNA World Heavyweight Championship belt. The following week, Sting confronted Samoa Joe, claiming to unveil Joe's mystery adviser before Victory Road, where he would be facing Samoa Joe. Later on in the show, Sting disguised himself as Joe and nearly dragged out Joe's adviser from his car, before Joe stopped him, choking him out with the Coquina Clutch and his signature tribal knife. Joe then took back the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, returning it to Angle during the beatdown on Mick Foley at the end of the show. At Victory Road, the MEM gained full control of TNA's championship scene as Nash won the TNA Legends Championship from A.J. Styles to bring the title back to the MEM. At the same event, Booker and Steiner defeated Beer Money, Inc. for the TNA World Tag Team Championship, Angle defeated Foley to retain the TNA World Heavyweight Championship and Taz was also revealed to be Joe's adviser; Taz would later state that he was just an associate of the MEM. On the July 30 episode of TNA Impact!, Kevin Nash lost the TNA Legends Championship to Mick Foley in a tag team match with Kurt Angle against Bobby Lashley and Mick Foley.

Paragraph 12: Before WCKT signed on, NBC programming had been carried on Fort Lauderdale's WFTL-TV (channel 23, later known as WGBS-TV after it had been acquired by Storer Broadcasting), which also held a secondary affiliation with the DuMont Television Network. However, WFTL struggled because television sets were not required to have UHF tuning capability (the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) would later require such tuners to be included in sets manufactured from 1964 onward). It didn't help matters that much of the area, particularly Fort Lauderdale, got a fairly strong signal from WJNO-TV (channel 5, now WPTV) in West Palm Beach. When the Cox/Knight partnership won a construction permit and broadcast license to operate a station on VHF channel 7, NBC quickly agreed to move its affiliation to WCKT, since WCKR radio had been the longtime Miami affiliate of the NBC Blue Network (the forerunner to today's American Broadcasting Company (ABC)). Until WPST-TV (channel 10, now WPLG) signed on in August 1957, WCKT also shared ABC programming with WTVJ (channel 4), as part of an arrangement with the network to provide its programming throughout the market as television sets were not required to have UHF tuning capability at the time, preventing many in the area from receiving the market's original ABC affiliate, WITV (channel 17). Channel 23 became an independent station and eventually went dark, and later came back to the air in 1967 as WAJA-TV (it is now Univision flagship WLTV-DT).

Paragraph 13: The rebel princes generally came to a bad end: Zhuang Ji's former patron Liu Pi, ruler of Wu fled and was killed in flight by native Yue (a term used for various non-Han Chinese peoples), which people his duty had been to suppress, and his territory of Wu divided up among Liu Wu's sons. In contrast Zhuang Ji's patron Liu Wu was rewarded for his loyal support through the rebellion, his brother emperor Jingdi giving him honors and privileges. Liu Wu's private gardens rivaled the emperor's and he increased the number of his retinue, bringing in people whose actions would end up losing the favor he had gained with the emperor and leading to his eventual fall from grace. When Jingdi demoted his son Liu Rong from crown prince (taizi,  heir apparent), in 150 BCE, Liu Wu and Jingdi's mutual mother, empress dowager Dou took this opportunity to lobby for her son Jingdi to name her other son, Liu Wu, as crown prince and successor, rather than Jingdi promoting one of his sons to this position. Jingdi agreed initially, but was then talked out of it by advisors. For example, minister Yuan Ang warned strongly against this breaking of the laws of succession as a destabilizing precedent, appointing a brother rather than the usual practice of choosing a son. Proceeding in support of their patron, some of Liu Wu's new retainers then went out and murdered this minister, Yuan Ang, going on to commit a series of killings in the effort to regain their patron, Liu Wu's, position as crown prince and the opportunity to become emperor, if Jingdi were to suddenly die. When Jingdi found out about this intrigue, Liu Wu had his two retainers commit suicide, presenting their bodies to the emperor, in appeasement. Nevertheless, Liu Wu failed to regain favor after this, he was seldom received at court, and his half-nephew (the future emperor, Han Wudi) replaced him as crown prince. In another and related dangerous turn of events for Liu Wu, the new crown prince's mother Wang Zhi was promoted to first lady, consolidating power against him at court. However, Liu Wu did not loose support of all the powerful court females. His mother, empress dowager Dou, still supported him, refusing to eat until he was cleared of charges. After an official investigation, the report back to emperor Jingdi was that Liu Wu had been found to have been involved, that "sparing the Prince of Liang would break the law of Han", yet, "killing him would deeply distress the Empress Dowager and upset the Emperor even more", counseling Jingdi to drop the issue. In discussion with the women, he blamed the murders solely upon Liu Wu's two courtiers, now  dead and already lawfully punished. After returning from an unsuccessful trip to Chang'an, Liu Wu died at home in Liang, in 144 BCE.

Paragraph 14: Murray was an outspoken activist at the forefront of the civil rights movement, alongside such leaders as Martin Luther King Jr. and Rosa Parks. She coined the term Jane Crow, which demonstrated Murray's belief that Jim Crow laws also negatively affected African-American women. She was determined to work with other activists to put a halt to both racism and sexism. Murray's speech, "Jim Crow and Jane Crow", delivered in Washington, DC, in 1964, sheds light on the long struggle of African-American women for racial equality and their later fight for equality among the sexes. As she put it, "Not only have they stood ... with Negro men in every phase of the battle, but they have also continued to stand when their men were destroyed by it." The black women decided to "...continue ... [standing] ..." for their freedom and liberty even when "...their men ..." began to experience exhaustion from a long struggle for civil rights. These women were unafraid to stand up for what they believed in and refused to back down from the long and tedious "battle".  Murray continued her praise for black women when she stated that "...one cannot help asking: would the Negro struggle have come this far without the indomitable determination of its women?" The "Negro struggle" was able to progress partly because of "...the indomitable determination of its women."

Paragraph 15: Female. Forewing length 5.7 mm. Head: frons shining pale ochreous, vertex and neck tufts shining ochreous-brown, medially and laterally lined white, collar ochreous-brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment ochreous-grey with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, remaining parts missing; scape dark brown, with white anterior and posterior lines, white ventrally, antenna shining dark brown, a white line from base to beyond one-half, followed towards apex by respectively a more or less annulated part of approximately 15 segments, four whitish, two dark brown, two white, nine dark brown and nine white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae ochreous-brown, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: foreleg ochreous-grey with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one to three and five, segment four white in apical half, femora of midleg and hindleg ochreous-white, remaining parts greyish ochreous, tibiae of midleg and hindleg with oblique basal and medial white lines and white apical rings, tarsal segments one to three of midleg dorsally white in apical half, segment five entirely white, tarsal segments of hindleg as midleg but segment four also dorsally white, spurs white, ventrally greyish ochreous. Forewing ochreous-brown, five white lines in the basal area, a costal from one-third to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base to one-third, bending from costa in distal half, a straight medial above fold, from one-quarter to just before the transverse fascia, a subdorsal below fold, slightly oblique, as long as the medial but just beyond it, a dorsal from beyond base to the transverse fascia, a broad pale yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle, narrowed towards dorsum, with a small apical protrusion, bordered at the inner edge by two tubercular silver metallic subcostal and subdorsal spots, the subcostal spot outwardly with a patch of blackish brown scales, the subdorsal spot smaller than the subcostal and further from base, bordered at the outer edge by two tubercular silver metallic costal and a dorsal spots, almost opposite each other and inwardly lined ochreous-brown, the dorsal spot about twice as large as the costal, a broad white costal streak from the outer costal spot, a shining white apical line from the apical protrusion, cilia pale ochreous, more greyish at apex. Hindwing shining pale ochreous-white, cilia pale ochreous. Underside: forewing shining pale ochreous-grey, darker at apex, the white apex line distinctly visible, hindwing shining pale ochreous-grey. Abdomen not examined (already dissected).

Paragraph 16: With pressing construction needs in the Pacific, Naval Construction Battalion 5 was "rushed" in its formation.  With its ranks full of qualified tradesmen the battalion was quickly given its military indoctrination and processed in less than a month for transit to Port Hueneme, Ca.  From there the battalion boarded ship and was the first CB into the Hawaiian Territory.  "NAS Honolulu"  was actually Naval Air Station Barbers Point and it was on CB 5's work list.  Also on the list was Midway Atoll.  Sand Island had another airfield in need of attention.   Rounding out the first deployment were projects on French Frigate Shoals, Canton Island, Johnston Atoll and Palmyra atoll.  At French Frigate shoals an island had to be made for the base and airfield to be constructed upon. CB 5 was rotated CONUS on 19 March 1944, arriving Camp Parks, Ca on March 24. Five's Midway replacement was the 50th CB who arrived on April 4.   From Camp Parks the battalion was transferred to Port Hueneme.  While there the battalion was given its next assignment and attached to Cub-16.  That was canceled with the battalion attached to the 7th Fleet and General MacArthur.  On January 10, 1945 CB 5 departed Port Hueneme for Leyte where it arrived February 15.  Nine days later the battalion would land at it new job site on Calicoan, Samar.  The main projects would be an ABCD,  ACEPD,  NSD and roads and water supply for all of it.   At Calicoan CB 5 had divers doing shallow water work for a seaplane ramp.  There were several detachments, one to both Advance Base Unit 10(NABU-10) and NABU-12.  Able Company went to Balikpapan, Borneo to help the Aussies joining Detachments from the 111th and 113th CBs. On 13 August the battalion learned it was assigned Operation Olympic the first element of Operation Downfall.  Downfall was the plan for the invasion of Japan. Set to begin in November 1945, Operation Olympic was intended to capture the southern third of the Japanese island of Kyūshū.  This was to be followed by Operation Coronet, the second element, which was planned to land near Tokyo. VJ-day terminated these Operations leaving NCB 5 in the Philippines.  CB 5 was then listed to be tasked to the Operation Beleaguer mission in China, but received notice mid-October that was canceled too.   Naval Construction Battalion 5 was deactivated on December 3, 1945.

Paragraph 17:  When consulted to broker peace during a later war, Sahl ibn Hunaif said, 'Blame yourselves! I remember how, on the day of Al-Hudaibiya, if we had been allowed to choose fighting, we would have fought (the pagans). At that time 'Umar came (to the Prophet) and said, "Aren't we on the right (path) and they (pagans) in the wrong? Won't our killed persons go to Paradise, and theirs in the Fire?" The Prophet replied, "Yes." Umar further said, "Then why should we let our religion be degraded and return before Allah has settled the matter between us?" The Prophet said, "O the son of Al-Khattab! No doubt, I am Allah's Apostle and Allah will never neglect me." So Umar left the place angrily and he was so impatient that he went to Abu Bakr and said, "O Abu Bakr! Aren't we on the right (path) and they (pagans) on the wrong?" Abu Bakr said, "O the son of Al-Khattab! He is Allah's Apostle, and Allah will never neglect him." Then Sura Al-Fath (The Victory) was revealed."

Paragraph 18: In the January 2 Big Ten Conference opener against Minnesota, Michigan won its fifth consecutive game against Minnesota and its fifth consecutive game at the Williams Arena. After winning two games by a combined 50 points last year, Michigan beat Northwestern 74–51 to mark its sixth straight victory over the Wildcats. The team gave Nebraska its first loss in the new Pinnacle Bank Arena on January 9, its first five-game win streak since the 2013 NCAA tournament. By beating Penn State on January 14, Michigan won its first four conference games for the first time since the 2002–03 team won its first six games. In the game Stauskas had a game-high 21 points, a team-high five assists and six rebounds. On January 18 Michigan defeated (#3 AP, #3 Coaches) Wisconsin at the Kohl Center for the first time since the 1998–99 team won on February 27, 1999 against the 1998–99 Badgers, ending an 11-game losing streak at Wisconsin. It was the highest-ranked team to lose to Michigan on the road, surpassing a victory over #5 Duke on  December 5, 1964 by the Cazzie Russell-led 1964–65 team. After the win, Michigan returned to the national polls (#21, #T25). On January 21 Stauskas was the Big Ten Conference Player of the Week for the first time, leading the conference in scoring and 20-point games. On January 22 Michigan defeated (#10, #10) Iowa, matching the 6–0 start of the 2002–03 team and the Wolverines' first defeat of consecutive top-10 opponents since the 1996–97 team defeated #10 Duke and #6 Arizona. It was the first time Michigan defeated consecutive top-10 opponents in consecutive games since the 1992–93 team defeated #5 North Carolina and #2 Kansas in December 1992. Stauskas tied his career high of 26 points, with five rebounds and five assists. On January 25, ESPN's College GameDay covered the Michigan-Michigan State rivalry game. With Michigan State on an 11-game winning streak (including seven in conference) and Michigan on an eight-game winning streak (including six in conference), the game was the first time in Big Ten history that two teams met who were 6–0 or better in conference play. Michigan defeated the (#3, #3) Spartans 80–75, with Stauskas and Walton contributing 19 points apiece. It was the first time in school history that the team defeated three consecutive AP Poll top-10 opponents, and the first time since the 2006–07 Florida Gators that any team—and the first time since the 1986–87 Iowa Hawkeyes that a Big Ten team—won three consecutive games against top-10 opponents. It gave the team consecutive road wins against top-five opponents after a 36-game losing streak against them. Michigan's 7–0 Big Ten start was its best since the 1976–77 Wolverines won their first eight games. Stauskas was the Big Ten and CBS Sports National Player of the Week, and Walton was the Big Ten Freshman of the Week on January 27. Stauskas was also named the Oscar Robertson National Player of the Week by the United States Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) on January 28. Michigan extended its winning streak to 10 games, tying its 1976–77 8–0 Big Ten start by beating Purdue. Caris LeVert had his first double-double, with a career-high 11 rebounds.

Paragraph 19: A much rarer but still observed process, according to some linguists, is the formation of mixed languages. Whereas creoles are formed by communities lacking a common language, mixed languages are formed by communities fluent in both languages. They tend to inherit much more of the complexity (grammatical, phonological, etc.) of their parent languages, whereas creoles begin as simple languages and then develop in complexity more independently. It is sometimes explained as bilingual communities that no longer identify with the cultures of either of the languages they speak, and seek to develop their own language as an expression of their own cultural uniqueness.

Paragraph 20: Tobrova tsässon is a small fir wood cross-beam building that has a square floor plan; it is connected by fishtail tenons in the corner. Corner tenons are axe-hewn; the walls of the building have also been hewn from the inside. Some of the wall beams have been replaced by newer ones: the lower log row in the entire building, two lower beams on the north-east side and two lower beams on the northern corner. The wall beams of the building in the corners and in the middle of the wall are standing on granite stones. The dimensions of the tsässon are 508 x 332 cm; the building has one interior room (12.3 m2) and an outer shelter of 2.3 m2. The entrance-room has square beam posts and a vertical boarding barrier. The supporting posts and barrier of the entrance-room has been replaced a few decades ago; a bit earlier, wider, sawn, vertical boards fixed side-by-side were used at the lower part of the barrier. Back then, the posts were axe-hewn square beams. The ceiling of the tsässon is finished by wide boarding, hammered to the rafters and forming a roof-ceiling. There are no ceiling-beams. The building stands on granite stones. The height of the wall from the ground up to where the rafters are attached is 188 cm and the height up to the ridge is 366 cm. The photos of 1974 and 1980 show that the building had a shingle roof that was in good condition, and now has eternit sheets on top of it. The ridge has a simple forged cross on it. A faded entry icon is under the eaves. The floor is made from hand hewn and dressed boards. The building has a door (92 x 146 cm) made from boards fixed on the crosspiece and attached on the hewn tender posts. Forged hinges with tips resembling bird heads are on the door. From the inside, the door does not have a finishing; sheeting with fishtail fluting is hammered on the outside. There is an alms box outside next to the door. The eastern side of the building has a wooden window with a single frame and three panes. The window with a trapdoor opens on the inside. The building has been inventoried during 1974. Fr. Dr. Fr. R. Kreutzwald Memorial Museum expedition. A photo was taken of the tsässon and icons and an inventory record was drawn up where the structure of the building and the icons were described. Tobrova tsässon is said to be one of the best preserved tsässon in Meremäe rural municipality on the inventory record (Kupp 1974). The outer look of the tsässon has not changed much compared to 1974.

Paragraph 21: Featuring two BCS top-10 match-ups (No. 3 Oregon at No. 5 Stanford and No. 10 Oklahoma at No. 6 Baylor), the night of November 7 was tabbed by some in the media as the biggest Thursday night in college football history.  The first quarter and a half of the Baylor–Oklahoma ballgame proved to be a low-scoring, defensive struggle.  Baylor won the coin toss and elected to receive; the Bears' first offensive possession ended in a punt.  Baylor's defense subsequently forced a 3-and-out, and Aaron Jones put the Bears ahead with a 29-yard field goal on Baylor's second possession of the game.  The Bears again forced a Sooners 3-and-out on Oklahoma's next possession, but Baylor's ensuing drive was stopped by the Oklahoma defense.  Following a Spencer Roth punt, the Sooners took possession at their own 29 yard line.  Although Oklahoma could not pick up a first down against the Baylor defense, the Sooners nonetheless found themselves with first down and goal from the Baylor 7-yard line following 53 penalty yards against Baylor; 38 of those yards came on a single play in which KJ Morton was flagged for targeting and Ahmad Dixon was hit with two flags for unsportsmanlike conduct.  Baylor's defense subsequently turned in a goal-line stand, resisting two Blake Bell rushes from inside the Bears' 2-yard line.  KJ Morton (whose targeting ejection had been overturned on review) brought Bell down on fourth and goal to force the turnover on downs.  However, after Baylor's offense took possession under the shadow of their own goalposts, the Sooner defense put up Oklahoma's first points of the game two plays later, sacking QB Bryce Petty in the endzone for a safety.  Jalen Saunders returned the ensuing Baylor free kick to the Bears' 12 yard line, but the Baylor defense again stood firm, forcing a 3-and-out and holding the Sooners to a field goal that gave Oklahoma its first lead of the game.  Both teams would end their next possessions with missed field goals before Baylor scored the first touchdown of the night on a 5-yard Bryce Petty rush.  Oklahoma would be forced to punt on their next possession and the ensuing 93-yard Baylor drive would end with a second rushing touchdown from Petty.  On the Sooners' next play from scrimmage, linebacker Eddie Lackey picked off Blake Bell to set up a touchdown pass from Petty to Antwan Goodley with 13 seconds remaining in the 2nd quarter.  The teams entered the half with Baylor leading 24–5.

Paragraph 22: After starting out with the team in the late 1980s as a trainee and having two loan spells away, at Ipswich Town and Oxford United Walker played in the winning 1989–90 FA Youth Cup Tottenham team overcoming Middlesbrough. During the early 1990s Walker was mainly used as the reserve keeper, making the odd cup appearance along the way, but after a serious injury to then Spurs keeper Erik Thorstvedt Walker took his chance and soon became the number 1 at Spurs, cementing his place in the side and getting his chance in the team during the first season of the Premiership making a total of 17 appearances in the league. 1992–93 season. Walker went on and made a total of 312 appearances for Tottenham Hotspur and played a big part during the 1999 season in helping Spurs win the 1999 Football League Cup Final after beating Leicester City 1–0 at Wembley Stadium. During the latter stages of Walkers career at Spurs he fell out of favour with the management and lost his place to the newly signed Neil Sullivan it was shortly after this, that the England international handed in a transfer request in September 2000. He played his final game for Spurs against West Ham United on 31 January 2001.

Paragraph 23: Toubou Teda allege and refer to their slaves as Kamadja, their authentic designation deliberately, which is a misinterpretation of Kamaya, who are grudgingly attempting to derogate the Toubou Gourane Kamaya clans' federation because the Kamaya's history was fabricated by the French colonists. In addition, the tone terms, such as Kamadja for the male plural and also it can be used as a general and Kamadji for the male singular, all of these terms can be used, although they have no meaning. The female singular Kamadjedo or Kamadjero is preposterous and nonsensical, while the plural form of the female term, Kamadjeda, has an exceedingly bizarre and illogical tone. The term "Kamadja" is somewhat stuck and fading on the ethnic group Kamaya which does not recognize itself in it and it was originated and peddled by the French colonists, however, it is believed to be misquoted, misconstrued, and distorted the letters "Y" to "J" or "Dj" in the identities of a multitude of clans, tribes, communities, rural areas, living creatures, and many more across virtually the entire nation of Chad and also the 1869 writings of Dr. Gustav Nichtigal contain references to various inaccuracies, such as the Yira clan as Jira, the Yenoa clan as Jenoa, the Yin oasis as Jin, and the Yarda oasis as Jarda, the Faya oasis as Faja, the Bidayet community as Bidajet, the Goli Yeskou as Goli Jeskou (Black snake), etc. Dr. G. Nichtigal gathered intelligence for the German government in order to colonize these regions; however, Chad became part of the French empire when they divided the African continent, and thus the French invaders exploited Dr. G. Nichtigal's works in order to invade Chad. In direct relation to the Kamadja term, neither the Tedaga nor the Dazaga languages have the term "Kamadja”. On the other hand, the significance of the designation Kamaya has value, meaning and history that derived from "Kama-Dro-Yédé", which refers to the valley's occupant of the Faya oasis in Kanem Dazaga's dialect, where "Kama" signifies valley, "Dro" signifies inside, and "Yédé" signifies a dweller. "Yé" signifies dwells and "Dé" is the signifier of a singular form which "Kama-Dro-Yédé" literally states "who dwells in the valley" of the palm grove of Faya oasis.  The clans of Kamaya were originally referred to as "Kamayada" where "Ya" means dwell and "Da" is the signifier of the plural form, while "Kamayédé" is a singular form that signifies an inhabitant of the valley of Faya palm grove oasis, since the suffix "Dé" is added to the singular form of "Yé”. Thus, Kamaya means the natives of the valley of the palm grove of Faya oasis. In Dazaga, the community is called "Kama-Yanga". Which means the Kamaya canton and the suffix "Ga" implies the dialect spoken by the Dazagada. In this language, the nationals of this canton are referred to as "Kamaye" (male singular), "Kamayedo" or "Kamayero" (female singular) and depends on the accents of specific regions and individuals, the suffix may be pronounced differently from “Do” to “Ro”, "Kamayeda" (female plural), and "Kamaya" (male plural and as a general).

Paragraph 24: As the commander of the 3rd Division, Brivonesi was the protagonist of the Italian defeat in the Battle of the Duisburg Convoy. On 8 November 1941, Brivonesi sailed from Messina with Trieste, Trento and the 13th Destroyer Flotilla (Granatiere, Bersagliere, Fuciliere, Alpino) as distant escort of the "Beta" convoy (later known as the "Duisburg" convoy), which consisted in 7 merchant ships (the Italian cargo ships Maria, Sagitta and Rina Corrado, the Italian tankers Conte di Misurata and Minatitlan and the German cargo ships Duisburg and San Marco, laden with 389 vehicles, 34,473 long tons of munitions and matériel and 17,281 long tons of fuel) with a close escort of six destroyers (under the command of Captain Ugo Bisciani on Maestrale). The convoy was spotted by a British reconnaissance plane, and Force K (light cruisers Aurora and Penelope and destroyers Lance and Lively) sailed from Malta to intercept. The attack happened during the following night; Force K took the close escort by surprise, sank one destroyer (Fulmine) and disabled another (Grecale), then proceeded to sink all the seven merchants, while the confused and disarticulated reaction of the other destroyers (left without orders, as Maestrale's radio antenna was shot away) was unable to stop or damage the British ships. Brivonesi's 3rd Division, at the time of the attack (00:57 on 9 November), was sailing at 12 knots about three miles astern and to the east of the convoy. The Division only realized that the convoy was being attacked when they spotted the flash of the British guns; shortly before, at 00:30, Trieste had intercepted a coded message of unknown source and meaning (the source was Force K), and Brivonesi was about to send a general alert to all his ships, when the battle started. Trieste and Trento opened fire on Force K at 1:03, from a distance of 9,000-10,000 meters; Brivonesi's subsequent manoeuvre later drew heavy criticism: instead of turning southeast, where Force K was, to close in on the British ships and attack them at once, he turned starboard so that his cruisers could bring all guns to bear, which required several minutes. Brivonesi's ships briefly assumed a southerly course (thus distancing themselves from Force K even more), then turned to port and then to starboard, advancing at a speed of only 15-16 knots, less than half the speed that they could keep. Force K kept manoeuvring around the convoy so that the latter was constantly between the British ships and the Italian Division, which caused the blazing merchants and their smoke to hamper the aim of the Italian gunners. At 1:12 Brivonesi ordered to increase speed to 18 knots and at 1:25 to 24 knots, but by then the distance had risen to 17,000 meters, and he ordered to cease fire, as it was pointless. At 1:29 Brivonesi ordered to turn north, in order to intercept the Force K when the latter would turn back towards Malta (by then the convoy was completely destroyed). Meanwhile, however, Supermarina (the Italian Navy high command) had informed him that the risk of a torpedo bomber attack on his ships was high; as they were outside of Malta's aircraft's reach, Brivonesi believed that a British aircraft carrier was in the area. Upon realizing that the fires of the disabled merchant ships lighted up his ships, making them easier targets for submarines as well as aircraft, Brivonesi ordered to cease fire, leave the area and assume a northwesterly course, at 1:32. Overall, Trieste and Trento had fired 207 8-inch shells, without scoring any hits. The 3rd Division only returned to the area after a few hours, to cover the search and rescue operation, during which the destroyer Libeccio was sunk by HMS Upholder and Trento was narrowly missed by a torpedo.

Paragraph 25: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at risk of life above and beyond the call of duty, in action on the western ridge of Mount Altuzzo, Italy. After bitter fighting his company had advanced to within 50 yards of the objective, where it was held up due to intense enemy sniper, automatic, small arms, and mortar fire. The enemy launched 3 desperate counterattacks in an effort to regain their former positions, but all 3 were repulsed with heavy casualties on both sides. All officers and noncommissioned officers of the 2d and 3d platoons of Company B had become casualties, and S/Sgt. Keathley, guide of the 1st platoon, moved up and assumed command of both the 2d and 3d platoons, reduced to 20 men. The remnants of the 2 platoons were dangerously low on ammunition, so S/Sgt. Keathley, under deadly small arms and mortar fire, crawled from 1 casualty to another, collecting their ammunition and administering first aid. He then visited each man of his 2 platoons, issuing the precious ammunition he had collected from the dead and wounded, and giving them words of encouragement. The enemy now delivered their fourth counterattack, which was approximately 2 companies in strength. In a furious charge they attacked from the front and both flanks, throwing hand grenades, firing automatic weapons, and assisted by a terrific mortar barrage. So strong was the enemy counterattack that the company was given up for lost. The remnants of the 2d and 3d platoons of Company B were now looking to S/Sgt. Keathley for leadership. He shouted his orders precisely and with determination and the men responded with all that was in them. Time after time the enemy tried to drive a wedge into S/Sgt. Keathley's position and each time they were driven back, suffering huge casualties. Suddenly an enemy hand grenade hit and exploded near S/Sgt. Keathley, inflicting a mortal wound in his left side. However, hurling defiance at the enemy, he rose to his feet. Taking his left hand away from his wound and using it to steady his rifle, he fired and killed an attacking enemy soldier, and continued shouting orders to his men. His heroic and intrepid action so inspired his men that they fought with incomparable determination and viciousness. For 15 minutes S/Sgt. Keathley continued leading his men and effectively firing his rifle. He could have sought a sheltered spot and perhaps saved his life, but instead he elected to set an example for his men and make every possible effort to hold his position. Finally, friendly artillery fire helped to force the enemy to withdraw, leaving behind many of their number either dead or seriously wounded. S/Sgt. Keathley died a few moments later. Had it not been for his indomitable courage and incomparable heroism, the remnants of 3 rifle platoons of Company B might well have been annihilated by the overwhelming enemy attacking force. His actions were in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service.

Paragraph 26: Ten years after Jenny's death, Bette is running for Mayor of Los Angeles. It is revealed that during the last ten years, Bette and Tina did get married, but also got divorced after Tina left Bette for another woman, Carrie, with Bette getting at least partial custody of Angelica, who now lives with her. Bette refuses campaign funding from Dani Nùñez, a PR executive for her father's company which invests in opioids, but Dani has a change of heart and resigns in order to work for Bette. Also seeking to sabotage Bette's campaign is Tyler Adams, as Bette once slept with his closeted lesbian ex-wife, Felicity. In response, Bette goes on Alice's new television show to tell her side of the story and arranges an interview with Felicity, with whom she renews her affair. On Dani's advice, Bette breaks up with Felicity to avoid further controversy, and in retaliation, Felicity tips Tyler and the press off about their renewed affair, putting her campaign in jeopardy once again when Tyler confronts her and Bette is forced to punch him to protect Angelica. Bette finally reveals to the press that her reason for running for mayor is that Kit died of an opioid overdose, and enrolls Angelica in a public school when she is suspended by her racist and homophobic private school for physically defending Bette against a classmate, winning her a grant from the teachers' union. At the same time, Tina visits Bette and Angelica to offer her support. Despite their troubled past, Bette hopes to renew her relationship with Tina, but Tina privately reveals to Bette that she is marrying Carrie and they moving to Los Angeles so that they can be closer to Angelica. Ultimately, Bette loses the election to her far-right conservative rival, Jeff Milner, who had aired several campaign commercials which denounced Bette's moral values. Bette goes to grieve for Kit with Angelica where her ashes were scattered. In the process, she runs into Maya, a lesbian reporter who was covering her campaign, and accepts a dinner invitation from her.

Paragraph 27: Less than a month after American Idol'''s first season finale, Day reunited with the top thirty contestants to perform in the two-hour American Idol in Las Vegas TV special. Day then participated through October and November in the 2002 American Idols LIVE! tour, along with his fellow top ten finalists. Each of this tour's thirty shows was opened by Day singing Janet Jackson's "Black Cat". To usher in 2003, Day performed in Pasadena, California's New Year's Day Rose Parade. Paired with eighth place finalist AJ Gil on a float for Give Kids the World, the two sang "Calling All Angels", a song which had been specifically written for the charity organization. The band OTown also participated in this float. Day and Gil would subsequently perform "Calling All Angels" at an Orlando, Florida fundraising gala in June and release this duet as a single through Give Kids the World. Later that year, Day participated in further fundraising events, such as the Hollywood Knights Season Wrap Party in Los Angeles and NSYNC's Challenge for the Children event in Miami. Throughout the Spring, Day participated in Coca-Cola's Behind the Scenes With American Idol promotional tour, in which he and a selection of other finalists from the first two seasons of the series performed in shopping malls owned by the Simon Property Group.   Around this time, Day also performed the National Anthem for a variety of professional Georgia sports teams, such as the Atlanta Hawks and the Atlanta Thrashers. In November, Day performed along with Edwin McCain and American Idol second season finalist Vanessa Olivarez in a tree lighting ceremony at the World of Coca-Cola.

Paragraph 28: Ali was one of several men hired by the United States Army to introduce camels as beasts of burden to transport cargo across the "Great American Desert." Eight of the men – including Ali – were of Greek origin. They arrived at the Port of Indianola in Calhoun County, Texas on the . The book Go West Greek George by Steven Dean Pastis, published in both Greek and English, specifically identifies all eight men. These pioneers were Yiorgos Caralambo (later known as Greek George), Hadji Ali (Hi Jolly, a.k.a. Philip Tedro), Mimico Teodora (Mico), Hadjiatis Yannaco (Long Tom), Anastasio Coralli (Short Tom), Michelo Georgios, Yanni Iliato, and Giorgios Costi. The Americans acquired three camels in Tunis, nine in Egypt, and 21 in Smyrna: 33 in all. Ali was the lead camel driver during the US Army's experiment with the U.S. Camel Corps in using camels in the dry deserts of the Southwest. After successfully traveling round trip from Texas to California, the experiment failed, partly due to the problem that the Army's burros, horses, and mules feared the large animals, often panicking, and the tensions of the American Civil War led to Congress not approving more funds for the Corps. In 1864, the camels were finally auctioned off in Benicia, California, and Camp Verde, Texas. Ali was discharged from the Quartermaster Department of the U.S. Army at Fort McDowell in 1870.

Paragraph 29: A school teacher begins a musical lesson to a classroom of children with recorders. One child asks if it is "Three Blind Mice" while the teacher says "Hot Cross Buns". As they play, the children's eyes glow and "x"'s appear on their forehead. Ten years later, he sits on a couch with his wife Kim, a Korean policewoman. He remarks his marriage has put "Hot Cross Buns" behind him which confuses Kim. A melody starts from another room and he asks about it. Kim says she found a box of recorders in the attic and their daughter Christine is practicing "Three Blind Mice". He says it is not "Three Blind Mice" but "Hot Cross Buns". Both parents go to Christine's bedroom to find she is playing the song. He tries to dissuade her from playing "Hot Cross Buns" with "Three Blind Mice". However, Christine continues with the same song and her eyes glow and a "x" appears on her forehead. He explains it is a mark for an otherworldly monster "Hot Cross Buns" who will claim their daughter as its own. He explains that this was his life when Kim says this is illegal. Despite this, he pulls out a recorder and plays the song causing him to disappear into another reality. In front of a castle, he asks the guard to see the three blind mice inside. The guard declines his request yet he persists. As things ensue, he recalls Kim's plea to abstain from illegalism. Regardless, he chokes the guard. After, he confronts the three blind mice who implore him to confront the beast with a pure heart. Instead, he requests magic from them. The mice reply magic of a pure heart is all that is needed when he sees their magic sceptre. Distracting the blind mice, he then steals it which cause them to die. Atop the castle, he uses the sceptre to summon the beast. Hot Cross Buns says the magic sceptre cannot kill him due to the ways of the three blind mice. The beast also invades his mind. The memory of Kim arrests him for illegal mind invasion. Distracting Hot Cross Buns, he then kills the beast. Returning to his home, he finds his daughter dead and Kim explains the circumstance. In a flashback, Hot Cross Buns says his life was linked with Christine. Nevertheless, he proceeds to sing the song one last time.

Paragraph 30: Laneco was founded by Raymond A. Bartolacci Sr. in 1946. The first store opened as Paramount Foods in Easton, Pennsylvania, and completed its first day of business with a total of less than $20 in sales. The stores were acquired by Supervalu in October 1992, and were closed by them in 2001. The stores were scaled down for the last several years until they were closed. The stores operated with a union and several thousand employees were laid off at the closure of the stores. Laneco had around 16 stores at the time of closure. Many stores were purchased by and converted to Giant such as the Lehighton, PA location, while Redner's picked up a few locations, Country Junction took over the Wind Gap store, Ahart's Market operated a few locations such as the former Food Lanes in Allentown and Bethlehem PA and Phillipsburg, NJ (all of which have since closed). The Clinton and the Whitehouse (now closed) SuperCenters in New Jersey are now Wal-Mart stores and the Laneco in Phillipsburg was demolished, with a Wal-Mart, a White Castle, a Wawa, and a Quaker Steak & Lube which got replaced by Stone Tavern now occupying the redeveloped site. The Hometown, PA Laneco would become a TJ Bart's location before eventually closing and the lot being used to build a Wal-Mart. Giant refused to hire any of the ex-Laneco workers because they were members of a union.