Paragraph 1: In 1966, Huffman introduced a new long-wheelbase bicycle frame called the Rail. The new frame was approximately 4" to 5" longer than previous models.  The new frame became Huffman's base model until 1968. In 1968, in an effort to market a children's bicycle with an automotive theme, Huffman designers added a car-type steering wheel in place of handlebars to the Rail frame, which became the Huffy Wheel.  Tall "stick-shift" derailleur gear shift levers mounted on the frame top-tube imitated the gearshift levers of popular muscle cars of the day, while many banana-seat cycles were fitted with tall chromed sissy bar passenger backrests at the rear of the seat.  In mid-1968, Huffman released the Flaming Stack chain guard, which was designed to look like the distinctive side exhaust pipe covers on the Corvette sports car.  Later that same year, Huffman released a new Slingshot model with 16" front dragster wheel, and 20" rear. The new 1969 models where the last year for the three-bar Rail frame style. In 1970 Huffman deleted their three-bar frame and went to a two-bar Rail frame, eventually adding additional two-tone fade paint jobs along with Persons striped seats. These designs continued in production until 1971 when new safety and manufacturing restrictions from the BMA (Bicycle Manufacturers Association), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) and other U.S. federal agencies forced the discontinuance of the Wheel, the top-tube mounted "stick-shift", the "sissy bar", and many other stylized features of children's bicycle designs.

Paragraph 2: Empire Flint departed from Brixham on 22 November to join Convoy PW 434. On paper, the convoy had departed from Portsmouth on 21 November and arrived at Milford Haven on 23 November. However, Empire Flint was the only ship in the convoy. She arrived at Falmouth, Cornwall on 23 November. She sailed on 2 December to join Convoy PW 439. Like Convoy PW434, she was the only ship in the convoy, which was scheduled to have departed from Portsmouth on 1 December. She arrived at Milford Haven on 3 December. She sailed on 8 December to join Convoy ON 215, which departed from Liverpool on 9 December and arrived at New York on 28 December. Empire Flint arrived at Philadelphia that day.Empire Flint departed from Philadelphia on 1 January 1944 for the Hampton Roads, where she arrived the next day. She then joined Convoy UGS 29, which sailed on 5 January and arrived at Alexandria, Egypt on 31 January. She left the convoy at Casablanca, Morocco, where she arrived on 22 January. Empire Flint sailed on 27 January to join Convoy OS 65, which had formed at sea on 26 January and arrived at Freetown on 6 February. She then joined Convoy STL 11, which departed on 9 February and arrived at Takoradi on 13 February. She sailed on to Accra, Gold Coast, arriving the next day. Empire Flint departed on 16 February for Takoradi, arriving the next day. She sailed on 29 February for Lagos, where she arrived on 2 March. She departed with Convoy LTS 13 on 12 March, which arrived at Freetown on 19 March. Empire Flint left the convoy at Takoradi on 14 March and then sailed to Freetown and Trinidad, arriving on 31 March. She joined Convoy TAG 125, which departed on 3 April and arrived at Guantanamo Bay on 7 April. She left the convoy and put into Curaçao, where she arrived on 5 April, sailing four days later for Guantanamo Bay, where she arrived on 12 April. Empire Flint then joined Convoy GN 126, which departed on 13 April and arrived at New York on 20 April. Carrying gasoil and benzene, she departed with Convoy HX 289 on 27 April and arrived at Liverpool on 13 May. She sailed on to Swansea, arriving the next day.Empire Flint then sailed to Barry, Glamorgan, from where she joined Convoy EBC 20 which departed on 23 June and arrived at the Seine Bay on 25 June. She returned to British waters with Convoy FBC 13, which departed on 29 June and arrived in the Bristol Channel on 1 July. She put into Barry, from where she departed on 27 July with Convoy EBC 54, which arrived in the Seine Bay on 29 July. She then sailed to Portland, Dorset, from where she joined Convoy EBC 81 on 24 August. That convoy had departed from Barry on 23 August and arrived at the Seine Bay on 25 August. Empire Flint was probably a member of Convoy FBC 73, which departed from the Seine Bay on 4 September and arrived in the Bristol Channel on 6 September. She arrived at Swansea on 6 September and then sailed to Barry. She departed on 26 September with Convoy EBC 115, which was bound for the Seine Bay. Empire Flint left the convoy and arrived at Hamble, Hampshire on 27 September. She sailed two days later to join Convoy FBC 97, which had departed from the Seine Bay that day and arrived in the Bristol Channel on 1 October. She arrived at Swansea that day. Empire Flint sailed for Milford Haven on 7 October, arriving later that day.Empire Flint sailed on 8 October to join Convoy ON 258, which had departed from Southend on 6 October and arrived at New York on 24 October. Carrying diesel and cased petrol, she returned with Convoy HX 317, which sailed on 30 October and arrived at Liverpool on 13 November. Empire Flint left the convoy and sailed to Southend, arriving on 13 November. She sailed the next day with Convoy FN 1541, which arrived at Methil on 16 November. She left the convoy and arrived at Salt End, Yorkshire on 15 November. She sailed five days later to join Convoy FS1641, which had departed from Methil on 19 November and arrived at Southend on 21 November. She then joined Convoy ON268, which sailed on 23 November and arrived at New York on 10 December.

Paragraph 3: In 1880 and 1883 Gully unsuccessfully contested Whitehaven as a Liberal, but was elected for Carlisle in 1886, and continued to represent that constituency until his elevation to the peerage. In April 1895 he was elected Speaker by a majority of eleven votes over Sir Matthew White Ridley, the Unionist nominee. The choice of Gully was a surprise to Lord Rosebery's cabinet.  Rosebery did not want a Unionist as the new Speaker of the House of Commons, but rejected the two alternatives of Richard Haldane and Sir Frank Lockwood. Rosebery faced hostility in his cabinet from Sir William Vernon Harcourt and from the opposition, and Harcourt wanted the Liberal Unionist Leonard Courtney as Speaker. Harcourt viewed this as purely a matter for the House of Commons (Rosebery being in the House of Lords). To Rosebery it became a minor cabinet crisis. Finally in disgust Harcourt placed the onus of the decision on Rosebery. Eventually the backbenchers of the Commons who knew Gully propelled him - most likely because he was close to Sir William Herschell. Harcourt was forced to produce the name to the House of Commons. The Conservatives were not happy about his selection, and (recalling the scandal that engulfed his father) would greet his appearance in the House with cries of "Bravo, Gully!". In 1905 he resigned and was raised to the peerage with the title of Viscount Selby, of the City of Carlisle, the name being that of his wife (see below).

Paragraph 4: He was born at Florence on the September 3, 1643. At the age of twenty, when he had already begun his researches on the structure of the kidneys and had described the papillary ducts (also known as Bellini's ducts; latin: ductus Bellini, tubulus Bellini, tubuli Belliniani; see: duct of bellini, bellini duct carcinoma), as published in his book Exercitatio Anatomica de Structura Usu Renum (1662), he was chosen professor of theoretical medicine at Pisa, but soon after was transferred to the chair of anatomy. After spending thirty years at Pisa, he was invited to Florence and appointed physician to the grand duke Cosimo III, and was also made senior consulting physician to Pope Clement XI. He died at Florence on the January 8, 1704. His works were published in a collected form at Venice in 1708.

Paragraph 5: President Gregorio Abeja built a new municipal building and a new semi-concrete schoolhouse during his term. Untoward incidents happened during President Fortunato Oblena which hindered the realization of any remarkable accomplishments. In November 1934, a strong typhoon hit the municipality which brought down the church, houses and took some lives. In 1935, the notorious bandit Asidillo hit the town and people were confined under martial law. People were in constant fear which pushed a military campaign in the area. On December 32, 1935, Lt. Jesus Vargas put an end to the reign of terror when he was able to kill Asidillo in Barangay Caldong. The Second World War also affected the peaceful municipality. Ramon Villaverde was on his second term as mayor when the war broke out forcing him to flee to the hills. His post was briefly occupied by Apolinario Villaverde but the Executive Commission reappointed Ramon Villaverde on September 1, 1942, to act as mayor during the Japanese occupation. He ruled tactfully during his term to help spare the locals from the Japanese onslaught and the recognized guerrillas. Began the occupation conflicts, Filipino troops of the Philippine Commonwealth Army sending the operations in Sampaloc to adding recognized guerrillas and fought the Imperial Japanese Army. He was again reappointed by President Jose P. Laurel after the liberation and was in office until June 30, 1946. President Manuel Roxas assigned Sixto Obnamia as acting municipal mayor after the Americans granted Philippines Independence on July 4, 1946. During his reign, the HUKBALAHAP became active in the town. The situation asked for a leader of tact and foresight. It was during this time in 1947 when Paterno Abcede came to light. He led Sampaloc for another two consecutive terms before becoming a Board Member of Quezon in 1959. Fidel V. Torres came to power in the municipality in 1959 when he won the mayoralty bid against Dr. Rodolfo Veluz.  He was re-elected again in 1963, defeating Rodolfo S. Obnamia, son of former Mayor Sixto Obnamia. The tides, however, turned to Rodolfo Obnamia's favor when he was put into power in 1967 election, this time winning against Fidel Torres. It was in his term when the right wing portion of the municipal building was annexed to the existing building. This was called the Executive Hall which served as the session hall of the Sangguniang Bayan.

Paragraph 6: The Lorteburn or Langbourne is a lost stream or river, which ran in the east of the City of London, arising near to Aldgate, flowing south near to the Tower of London, and discharging into the River Thames. The stream appears to have been covered over or dry by the early 14th century but its course has been discovered during archaeological digs in the area and the water shed can be traced in the street level contours of that part of the city as mapped by Kelsey in 1841. The stream gave its name to the Langbourn ward of the city. The river is seldom included on maps or lists of London's lost rivers, and its existence is denied by Nicholas Barton, in his 1962 book Lost Rivers of London, but in more recent work David Bentley argues for its existence.

Paragraph 7: She departed Jacksonville on 31 December for the Navy Yard, Washington, DC, arriving there on 4 January 1942.  She sailed on 21 January and the next day entered the Norfolk Navy Yard.  On 23 January, she was placed in commission in ordinary for conversion to a patrol gunboat.  She was placed in full commission 20 April and assigned to Inshore Patrol Squadron, 5th Naval District, based at Norfolk, Virginia.  On 8 May she departed Norfolk, forming part of the escort for a convoy en route to Key West, Florida.  She was on continuous escort duty between New York, Norfolk, and Key West until 27 August 1942, when she steamed from New York as convoy escort for Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, returning as escort for another convoy 12 September. She made two more convoy escort voyages to Guantanamo Bay and back to New York between 17 September and 24 October 1942.  She then resumed escort duty between New York and Key West.  During one period of this duty, 24 December 1942 to 13 June 1943, Plymouth completed eight convoy escort voyages from New York to Key West and back.  On 2 March 1943, Plymouth collided with the submarine chaser USS SC-1024 off of Cape Hatteras, which resulted in the sinking of the submarine chaser.

Paragraph 8: Rodney Hatch, a barber, is engaged to Gloria Kramer. While visiting an art museum, he feels drawn to a sculpture of Venus the Roman goddess of love, though the other patrons dismiss it as out of step with the current art trends. On a whim, Rodney puts his engagement ring on the statue's finger, causing the statue to come to life. Venus falls in love with Rodney for giving her life and begins pursuing him, causing turmoil in his relationship with Gloria. When Venus becomes annoyed with Gloria, she transports her to the North Pole. Adding further complications, with the statue gone from the museum, Rodney is arrested for art theft, but Venus helps him escape. Rodney begins to fall in love with the goddess, but their time together is cut short when she is called away by the gods, and becomes a statue again. When Gloria returns from the North Pole she is furious with Rodney and breaks off their engagement. Rodney returns to the museum and looks at the statue again. He unexpectedly bumps into a young woman from out of town who bears a striking resemblance to the statue. Rodney leaves the museum with her, and as she starts to tell him her name he responds 'You don't have to tell me. I know.'

Paragraph 9: VanDusen's volunteers have a 45-year history in the garden and often exhibit a proprietary connection to the trees, shrubs and annuals. Trained volunteer guides interpret the plant collection and the history of the garden to visitors on foot and in motorized golf carts from April through October (see web site for actual dates, the carts have a limited season). In addition to guiding tours, volunteers collect seeds of annuals and perennials (which they clean and package for sale in the garden shop and on the Internet). Other volunteers operate the information desk, staff a large and very successful plant sale each spring, write and produce self-guided tours to hand out to visitors, package manure and compost for sale to local gardeners, and work with Park Board staff to install plant identification signs in the garden.

Paragraph 10: The land on which the village of Amissville is now situated was part of the 5.3 million acre Northern Neck Proprietary owned in the 1700s by Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron. In 1649 King Charles II of England, then in exile in France after the execution of his father, Charles I, had given this unmapped and unsettled region to seven loyal supporters. By 1688 the proprietary was owned solely by Thomas Lord Culpeper whose only child married Thomas 5th Lord Fairfax in 1690. They acquired the proprietary on the death of Lord Culpeper and the region became synonymous with the Fairfax name. In 1719, Thomas 6th Lord Fairfax inherited the land. During 1747 to 1766, Lord Fairfax granted land that encompassed the area of today's Amissville to five individuals: Thomas Burk received 200 acres, Samuel Scott received 270 acres and 470 acres, James Genn received two grants of 400 acres each, Gabriel Jones received 380 acres, and Philip Edward Jones received 452 acres. It is widely believed that individuals with surnames Amiss and Bayse received land grants from Lord Fairfax in the Amissville area. However, there are no grants to anyone with these surnames recorded in the Virginia Colonial land grant books maintained by the Library of Virginia. Rather, Joseph Amiss and Edmond Bayse purchased existing land grants. On 14 July 1766 Joseph Amiss purchased, for 40 pounds, the 380 acres that had been granted to Gabriel Jones. On 15 October 1770 Edmond Bayse purchased, for 90 pounds, the 800 acres that had been granted to James Genn. On 1 July 1794, Joseph Amiss distributed his land and slaves as gifts to his three living sons William, Philip, and Thomas, and his grandsons William (son of William) and John (son of Thomas). In return, Joseph and his wife Constant were given a life estate to the property (10)Constant is believed to have been a daughter of Gabriel Jones. The sons and grandsons and their children purchased additional land in the Amissville area. On 20 April 1778, Edmond Bayse gave his son Elijamon 190 acres of the 800 acres that Edmond had acquired in 1770. This was the northern part of the 800 acres, located adjacent to today's Route 211. Although Elijamon sold this land in 1789, he and his children acquired other land in the Amissville area and became major landowners. The post office was established on 2 October 1810, with Thomas Amiss as its first postmaster. In 1854, Amissville was described as a small post-village with about 75 inhabitants.

Paragraph 11: Ursidae is a family of mammals in the order Carnivora, which includes the giant panda, brown bear, and polar bear, and many other extant or extinct mammals. A member of this family is called a bear or an ursid. They are widespread across the Americas and Eurasia. Bear habitats are generally forests, though some species can be found in grassland and savana regions, and the polar bear lives in arctic and aquatic habitats. Most bears are  long, plus a  tail, though the polar bear is  long, and some subspecies of brown bear can be up to . Weights range greatly from the sun bear, which can be as low as , to the polar bear, which can be as high as . Population sizes vary, with six species classified as vulnerable with populations as low as 500, while the brown bear has a population of over 100,000 and the American black bear around 800,000. Many bear species primarily eat specific foods, such as seals for the polar bear or termites and fruit for the sloth bear, but with the exception of the giant panda, which exclusively eats bamboo, ursids are omnivorous when necessary. No ursid species have been domesticated, though some bears have been trained for entertainment.

Paragraph 12:  Misato appears at the karaoke club where she meets Eikichi sitting sad, alone, tear-eyed, who has been tricked by some girls (whom he had thought had an interest in him) who left Eikichi there by himself to pay their expenses for them. Hazuki feels sorry for him, so she goes to him and emphasizes with him, and soon they start singing and having great fun. She pays for all the expenses then they go for a stroll outside in the night. Eikichi then takes her to his favourite place, a park from where they could see the mesmerising view of all the city lights in the darkness under the moonlight. Eikichi naturally falls for her. He asks her to have sex with him, but immediately regrets afterwards, thinking she'd just turn it down, but surprisingly, she agrees. They go to a hotel, Hazuki takes a bath while Eikichi waits in the bed feeling anxiously eager as this'll be the day he stops being a virgin. He gets so eager that he exhausts himself and then, he starts to think if it's actually right. Hazuki finishes her shower and comes out and then unexpectedly, Eikichi refuses to have it because he’s too nervous and although Eikichi liked her, he didn't want to do it with someone he just met. He says if it's going to be his first time, it should be special. Eikichi now thinks that he's blown the chance to have something happen with him and Hazuki, and leaves the hotel, believing she'd hate him for leaving her alone in the hotel. But to his surprise, somedays later when he arrives back at home, she's right there cooking food for him, after which, they start to go out. After several days of being togethe, one day the two of them come across Shinomi and Takezawa, and he recognises her- she was a member of his gang in the past, but as a man. Then some days later when Eikichi comes to her house as usual, she reveals the truth to him about her being a boy but Eikichi doesn't say anything back. She tells him that she was going to leave by tomorrow to some other town, so if he still wants to be with him(she), Eikichi and him should go together. Eikichi then waits for awhile without saying anything then he leaves. The next day when Hazuki waits for train at the platform, he believes Eikichi would never come. But to his surprise, just as he was leaving, he sees Eikichi waiting for him on the platform. But Eikichi doesn't see him. Hazuki smiles, then goes to the train without meeting Eikichi, thinking it would be better, if he stays back, and forgets about Haruki and leads a normal life. And so, their bittersweet relationship ends, and they never meet again.

Paragraph 13: SQLstream provides a relational stream processing platform called SQLstream Blaze for analyzing large volumes of service, sensor and machine and log file data in real-time. It performs real-time collection, aggregation, integration, enrichment and real-time analytics on the streaming data.  Data streams are analyzed using the industry standard SQL language, using the ANSI standard, functionally rich SQL window function to analyze and aggregate real-time streaming data over fixed or sliding time windows, which can be further partitioned by user defined keys. Unlike a traditional RDBMS SQL query, which returns a result and exits, streaming SQL queries do not exit, generating results continuously as soon as new data become available. Patterns and exception events in data streams are detected, analyzed and reported 'on the fly' as the data arrive, that is, before the data are stored.  Like a database or data warehouse, SQLstream allows you to create multiple views over the data so that different applications and users can each get their own customized view of the streaming data. The partitioning allows many different analytics to be incrementally computed using a single SQL statement or window., effectively processing potentially millions of streams with a single statement.  For example, partitioning by a customer id would maintain a separate computation for each distinct customer.  This is extremely concise, but also allows for efficient parallel execution.   SQLstream Blaze also allows changes to be made to the queries and views without bringing down and recompiling existing applications.  This is very important for many Internet of Things and other smart services that must operate 24x7 on a continuous real-time basis, where application changes must be made without needing to bringing down the service or rebuild the application.  Part of SQLstream Blaze, StreamLab takes advantage of this capability in order to guide users who wish to explore data streams and understand their structure while the data are still flowing by generating new SQL queries on the fly based on user direction and analysis of data values driven by rules.  In this way, it provides an effective platform for performing real-time operational intelligence, which you can view as real-time business intelligence over streaming operational data.  SQLstream utilizes dataflow technology to execute many queries over high-velocity high-volume Big Data with a massively parallel standards-compliant SQL engine where the queries are executed concurrently and incrementally.  Unlike databases, SQL in SQLstream becomes a language for performing continuous parallel processing, in contrast to a language for data retrieval as commonly found in relational databases.  SQLstream is able to execute its queries in an optimized C++ multi-threaded dataflow engine which operates lock-free.  This enables people to create lock-free parallel processing applications easily, which otherwise require specialist skillets and are often difficult to get working and are often error prone.

Paragraph 14: During the attack Lee was shot in the leg; a bullet hit his left thigh and fractured his femur. He lay for three days between the lines having been given up for dead. A memorial service was held after the announcement of his death. After three days, Lee was found by the Germans and transported to hospital in Valenciennes. The ten-hour journey was initially made in the passenger compartment of a train, with sacks of straw, before he transferred to a Red Cross train at Lille. For the first week he was looked after by the French Red Cross, before the Germans took over. He remained in Valenciennes for six weeks, and remained bedridden for the duration of his stay. After this time, he was transferred to a second hospital in Hannover. For the first half of the two-day journey, Lee had to lie on a wooden seat with a blanket under him and his leg in an iron case, which hurt his back significantly, and was provided with no food. The second half of the journey was completed on a Red Cross train. During his stay in Hannover, Lee began to heal quickly, but after receiving advice from a fellow prisoner, he greatly exaggerated the injury, and was selected to be returned to England. He began the journey on 1 October 1915, and boarded the boat for England five days later. Although Lee had amplified the severity of his injury, in England he discovered that one of his legs would be permanently shorter than the other, and he had suffered significant muscle death. He was told that he would neither be able to fight nor play cricket again. He was discharged from the army on 4 December 1915, and was eligible for the Silver War Badge to show that he had served honourably.  He later also received the 1914–15 Star, British War Medal and Victory Medal. After leaving the army, Middlesex paid for Lee to be treated by a specialist, and he was able to play a match for the Army Service Corps against Lancing College in early 1916, in which he scored a century.

Paragraph 15: The Red Sox faced the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2004 World Series. The Cardinals had posted the best record in the major leagues that season, and had previously defeated the Red Sox in the  and  Series, with both series going seven games. The third time would be the charm, however, as the momentum and confidence Boston had built up in the ALCS would overwhelm St. Louis. The Red Sox began the Series with an 11–9 win, marked by Mark Bellhorn's game-winning home run off Pesky's Pole. He later on said that he "just did what he needed to do." It was the highest scoring World Series opening game ever (breaking the previous record set in ). The Red Sox would go on to win Game 2 in Boston (thanks to another sensational performance by the bloody-socked Schilling). The Red Sox won both these games despite making 4 errors in each game. In Game 3, Pedro Martínez shut out the Cardinals for seven innings. The Cardinals only made one real threat — in the third inning when they put runners on second and third with no outs. However, the Cardinals' rally was killed by pitcher Jeff Suppan's baserunning gaffe. With no outs, Suppan should have scored easily from third on a Larry Walker ground ball to second baseman Bellhorn, who was playing back, conceding the run. But as Bellhorn threw out Walker at first base, Suppan inexplicably froze after taking several steps toward home and was thrown out by Sox first baseman David Ortiz as he scrambled back to third. The double play was devastating for St. Louis. The Red Sox needed one more game to win their first championship since the 1918 World Series. In Game Four the Red Sox did not allow a run, and the game ended as Édgar Rentería (who would become the 2005 Red Sox starting SS) hit the ball back to Keith Foulke. (This was the second time that Rentería had ended a Series, as he had won it for the Marlins seven years prior in the 1997 World Series.) After Foulke lobbed the ball to Doug Mientkiewicz, the Sox had won their first World Championship in 86 years. The Sox held the Cardinals' offense (the best in the NL in 2004) to only three runs in the last three games, never trailing in the Series. Manny Ramírez was named World Series MVP. The Red Sox won Game Four of the series on October 27, eighteen years to the day from when they lost to the New York Mets in the 1986 World Series. In fact, it came 18 years to the day they lost their last World Series game, as they would sweep the 2004 series.

Paragraph 16: The oldest evidence of the use of the name Rolf in Sweden is an inscription from the 11th century on a runestone in Forsheda, Småland. The name also appears twice in the Orkneyinga sagas, where a scion of the jarls of Orkney, Gånge-Rolf, is said to be identical to the Viking Rollo who captured Normandy in 911. This Saga of the Norse begins with the abduction of Gói daughter by a certain Hrolf of Berg, (the Mountain). She is the daughter of Thorri, a Jotun of Gandvik, and sister of Gór and Nór. The latter is regarded as a first king and eponymous anchestor of Nórway. After a fierce duell (Holmgang) where none is able to overcome the other, Hrolf and Nór become friends; Góí apparently was abducted willingly and marries Hrolf. Nór marries Hedda, Hrolf's sister. Goi may be identical, or reflect the story of the Jotunn and Åsynja Gefhjón who fools the Swedish King Gylfi of Uppsala, plowing the lands where the great lakes in Sweden are, making the island of Zealand (and some more of the Danish islands, but not Fyn) and establishes the high seat of the Scyldings at Lejre (Hliðarbru) the proposed main artificial island. Hroðulf of the Beowolf epic may be conferred as well as the Saga of Hrolf Kraki.  

Paragraph 17: M1594.7: O'Donnell, as we have stated, was encamped, laying siege to Enniskillen, from the middle of June to the month of August, until the warders of the castle had consumed almost all their provisions. Messengers came to O'Donnell from the Scots, whom he had before invited over, to inform him that they had arrived at Derry. And those who had come thither were Donnell Gorm Mac Donnell, and Mac Leod of Ara. O'Donnell then set out with a small number of his forces to hire them; and he left another large party of them with Maguire to assist him, and he ordered them to remain blockading the castle. When the Lord Justice, Sir William Fitzwilliam, had received intelligence that the warders of Enniskillen were in want of stores and provisions, he ordered a great number of the men of Meath [Kingdom of Mide], and of the gentlemen of the Reillys and the Binghams of Connaught, under the conduct of George Oge Bingham, to convey provisions to Enniskillen. These chieftains, having afterwards met together, went to Cavan, O'Reilly's town, for provisions; and they proceeded through Fermanagh, keeping Lough Erne on the right, until they arrived within about four miles of the town. When Maguire (Hugh) received intelligence that these forces were marching towards the town with the aforesaid provisions, he set out with his own forces and the forces left him by O'Donnell, together with Cormac, the son of the Baron, i.e. the brother of the Earl O'Neill; and they halted at a certain narrow pass, to which they thought they the enemy would come to them. The ambuscade was successful, for they came on, without noticing any thing, until they fell in with Maguire's people at the mouth of a certain ford. A fierce and vehement conflict, and a spirited and hard-contested battle, was fought between both parties, till at length Maguire and his forces routed the others by dint of fighting, and a strages of heads was left to him; and the rout was followed up a great way from that place. A countless number of nobles and plebeians [plebs] fell in this conflict. Many steeds, weapons, and other spoils, were left behind in that place by the defeated, besides the steeds and horses that were loaded with provisions, on their way to Enniskillen. A few fugitives of Meath and of the Reillys escaped from this conflict, and never stopped until they arrived in Breifny O'Reilly. The route taken by George Oge Bingham and the few who escaped with him from the field was through the Largan, the territory of the Clann-Coffey Magauran, through Breifny O'Rourke, and from thence to Sligo. The name of the ford at which this great victory was gained was changed to Bel-atha-na-mBriosgadh Battle of the Ford of the Biscuits, from the number of biscuits and small cakes left there to the victors on that day. When the warders of the castle heard of the defeat of the army, they surrendered the castle to Maguire; and he gave them pardon and protection.

Paragraph 18: Philo read  to instruct us to be prompt in our gratitude to God. Philo cited Cain as an example of a "self-loving man" who (in ) showed his gratitude to God too slowly. Philo taught that we should hurry to please God without delay. Thus  enjoins, "If you vow a vow, you shall not delay to perform it." Philo explained that a vow is a request to God for good things, and  thus enjoins that when one has received them, one must offer gratitude to God as soon as possible. Philo divided those who fail to do so into three types: (1) those who forget the benefits that they have received, (2) those who from an excessive conceit look upon themselves and not God as the authors of what they receive, and (3) those who realize that God caused what they received, but still say that they deserved it, because they are worthy to receive God's favor. Philo taught that Scripture opposes all three. Philo taught that  replies to the first group who forget, "Take care, lest when you have eaten and are filled, and when you have built fine houses and inhabited them, and when your flocks and your herds have increased, and when your silver and gold, and all that you possess is multiplied, you be lifted up in your heart, and forget the Lord your God." Philo taught that one does not forget God when one remembers one's own nothingness and God's exceeding greatness. Philo interpreted  to reprove those who look upon themselves as the cause of what they have received, telling them: "Say not my own might, or the strength of my right hand has acquired me all this power, but remember always the Lord your God, who gives you the might to acquire power." And Philo read  to address those who think that they deserve what they have received when it says, "You do not enter into this land to possess it because of your righteousness, or because of the holiness of your heart; but, in the first place, because of the iniquity of these nations, since God has brought on them the destruction of wickedness; and in the second place, that He may establish the covenant that He swore to our Fathers." Philo interpreted the term "covenant" figuratively to mean God's graces. Thus Philo concluded that if we discard forgetfulness, ingratitude, and self-love, we shall not longer through our delay miss attaining the genuine worship of God, but we shall meet God, having prepared ourselves to do the things that God commands us.

Paragraph 19: Lloyd's Coffee House was the first marine insurance market. It became the meeting place for parties in the shipping industry wishing to insure cargoes and ships, and those willing to underwrite such ventures. These informal beginnings led to the establishment of the insurance market Lloyd's of London and several related shipping and insurance businesses. The participating members of the insurance arrangement eventually formed a committee and moved to the Royal Exchange on Cornhill as the Society of Lloyd's. The establishment of insurance companies, a developing infrastructure of specialists (such as shipbrokers, admiralty lawyers, bankers, surveyors, loss adjusters, general average adjusters, et al.), and the growth of the British Empire gave English law a prominence in this area which it largely maintains and forms the basis of almost all modern practice. Lord Mansfield, Lord Chief Justice in the mid-eighteenth century, began the merging of law merchant and common law principles. The growth of the London insurance market led to the standardization of policies and judicial precedent further developed marine insurance law. In 1906 the Marine Insurance Act codified the previous common law; it is both an extremely thorough and concise piece of work. Although the title of the Act refers to marine insurance, the general principles have been applied to all non-life insurance. In the 19th century, Lloyd's and the Institute of London Underwriters (a grouping of London company insurers) developed between them standardized clauses for the use of marine insurance, and these have been maintained since. These are known as the Institute Clauses because the Institute covered the cost of their publication. Out of marine insurance, grew non-marine insurance and reinsurance. Marine insurance traditionally formed the majority of business underwritten at Lloyd's. Nowadays, Marine insurance is often grouped with Aviation and Transit (cargo) risks, and in this form is known by the acronym 'MAT'.

Paragraph 20: This movement was very innovative for its time, with some stylistic aspects characteristic of later composers like Felix Mendelssohn. The normal output for this time was material such as Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 5 from exactly the same year as this composition, 1811. Weber starts with the cellos playing the main theme, followed with an explosion by the whole orchestra. The violins pick up the melody which eventually progresses, subsides, and clears the stage for the solo clarinet. The soloist begins with a painful song marked "con duolo". The clarinetist performs variants on that source, which later results in a determined run played by the solo instrument. After that climax, the music dies off with the clarinet mourning a line marked "morendo". Then there is a grand pause, which provides the transition for the return of the cellos stating the main theme, but this time in the key of D-flat major rather than F minor. The soloist enters shortly afterward with a sweet response. The clarinet keeps playing a delicate melody, then descends towards the lower tones with a marking of "perdendosi," which tells the player to decrease in speed and sound. Then the tutti arrives, singing a sweet, innocent melody. The clarinet reenters shortly after, still playing in a lighter mood than the beginning of the piece. Later, the soloist performs sets of playful triplets. After the triplets, the clarinet begins the Bärmann-Kadenz, which the dedicatee, Heinrich Bärmann wrote. This is a relatively short, lively, virtuosic passage that is played by most performers. Then the clarinetist encounters a brief cadenza which consists of fast thirty-second notes. After the cadenza, the orchestra bursts in and returns to the minor home key.  Then the music calms down, and the cellos prepare for the entrance the clarinet will make. When the clarinet enters, it brings back the same emotions as when the soloist entered for the first time. It seems like the clarinet yearns to play the light, innocent theme heard before. It finally gets its wish, bringing back the melody played earlier. Then, the clarinet starts its triplets as it did before, but this time, it flows towards a stream of agitated, virtuosic sixteenth-note runs. After that buildup, the clarinet subsides and gives room for the French horns to play a cheerful melody. The solo instrument responds in the same connotation as the horns did but then sneaks back to the dark theme the soloist first played. It intensifies and then the soloist whirls up and down in sixteenth notes until the tutti arrives with vengeance. The orchestra ends its phrase with dotted chords which give cue for the soloist to perform its next ordeal. This features rising chromatic scale runs which flow into a river of sixteenth notes. The sixteenths are followed by a series of determined trills with the last one ending on a high g. The orchestra returns and eventually fades away. The clarinet ends the movement much like how it did before the arrival of the D-flat major key.

Paragraph 21: Jordan has received numerous awards, including a best student paper award (with X. Nguyen and M. Wainwright) at the International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML 2004), a best paper award (with R. Jacobs) at the American Control Conference (ACC 1991), the ACM-AAAI Allen Newell Award, the IEEE Neural Networks Pioneer Award, and an NSF Presidential Young Investigator Award. In 2002 he was named an AAAI Fellow "for significant contributions to reasoning under uncertainty, machine learning, and human motor control." In 2004 he was named an IMS Fellow "for contributions to graphical models and machine learning." In 2005 he was named an IEEE Fellow "for contributions to probabilistic graphical models and neural information processing systems." In 2007 he was named an ASA Fellow. In 2010 he was named a Cognitive Science Society Fellow and named an ACM Fellow "for contributions to the theory and application of machine learning." In 2012 he was named a SIAM Fellow "for contributions to machine learning, in particular variational approaches to statistical inference." In 2014 he was named an International Society for Bayesian Analysis Fellow "for his outstanding research contributions at the interface of statistics, computer sciences and probability, for his leading role in promoting Bayesian methods in machine learning, engineering and other fields, and for his extensive service to ISBA in many roles."

Paragraph 22: Anna Elisabeth von Rohr (1700–1744) who married Anders Örbom (1675–1740) who was a captain in the Swedish Army. Örbom was born in Örebro, Sweden on May 9, 1675. His father was a man named Brask, who was a District Court Judge in Örebro. Anders joined the military in 1691 and he took part in the campaign at Humlebæk on Zealand, a Danish island where Copenhagen is located, in 1700. On July 7, 1701, he left camp and on July 9, 1701, he crossed the Düna River in Riga in Ukraine. There they conquered the Saxony troops and took about 700 prisoners. He fought in the Battle of Klissow on July 7, 1702, and the Battle of Pułtusk on April 21, 1703. He participated in the Battle of Reusch-Lemberg in 1704, and the Battle of Fraustadt on February 3, 1706, and was promoted to lieutenant with Jämtland's rifle regiment. He participated on July 4, 1708, in the Battle of Holowczyn. He was wounded with a bullet to the face. The bullet remained lodged in his skull the remainder of his life. He also participated in the Battle of Lakowitz. He was captured on the Dnieper River, in Ukraine on July 1, 1709, and was taken to Russia as a prisoner of war along with other officers following the Surrender at Perevolochna. All the soldiers were executed, and the officers were imprisoned in Russia. He married Anna Elisabeth Von Rohr (1701-1744) on September 5, 1719, in Solikamsk, Russia.  Together Anders and Elisabeth had their first child in Russia. Captain Anders Örbom died on May 25, 1740, and he was buried in Rödön, Sweden on June 5, 1740.

Paragraph 23: Eras roll by, once Viswamitra intents to perform a Yaga for which two demons Marichasubhahulu are creating obstructions. So, he moves to Ayodhya and asks Dasaratha to send Rama Lakshmana for the protection of his Yaga. At that point, Viswamitra endorses the powerful weapons to Rama Lakshmana by which they destroy Tataki and Marichasubhahulu and complete the Yaga. Parallelly, Janaka announces Swayamvara to Seeta, and Viswamitra reaches Mithila with Rama Lakshmana. The main challenging task of Swayamvara is to ace the world-renowned bow of Siva. Ravana also arrives without an invitation but fails. Rama with the blessing of Viswamitra lifts the bow, breaks it, and marries Seeta. Viswamitra blesses the newly wedded couple and leaves to continue his penance. After many thousands of years, Indra attempts to foil his prayers, so, he sends an Apsara Menaka. Both of them get married and are blessed with a baby girl. But the couple leaves a newborn baby in the forest, Kanva Maharshi raises her by the name Shakuntala. Once King Dushyanta visits their Ashram, he loves and marries Shakuntala secretly. Before returning he gives his royal ring to her as a token of love. One day, Saint Durvasa visits Ashram but Shakuntala lost her thoughts on her husband and failed to greet him when he curses her that the person she is dreaming of will forget her. Afterward, Durvasa modifies his curse saying that the person will recollect his memory when he sees the personal token. Time passes, Shakuntala becomes pregnant and she is sent to her husband's house. On the way, the ring slips off her finger and is swallowed by a fish. Arriving at Hastinapuram, Dushyanta not able to recognize her, humiliated, Shakuntala returns to the forest and takes shelter at Kashyapa Mahamuni's Ashram, where she gives birth to a baby boy Bharata. Meanwhile, fishermen find the ring in the belly of a fish and take it to Dushyanta, when he recollects the past. Immediately, he set out to find Shakuntala, in the forest, he is surprised to see a young boy playing with wild animals and amazed by his boldness and strength. Bharata takes him to his mother Shakuntala. Here Viswamitra appears, reunites the couple, blesses Bharata to be the greatest ruler of India, and also entrusts him his entire penance power. At last, Viswamitra's penance power reaches to heights of the Himalayas where he utilizes it for the welfare of the universe by preaching great Gayatri Mantra. Finally, the movie ends with Viswamitra becoming one among the stars of the universe at Saptarishi Mandalam

Paragraph 24: In the contemporary US, research indicates that most people tend to score fairly low on the SDO scale, with an average score of 2.98 on a 7-point scale (with 7 being the highest in SDO and 1 the lowest), with a standard deviation of 1.19. This has also been found to apply cross-culturally, with the average SDO score being around 2.6, although there was some variation (Switzerland scoring somewhat lower and Japan scoring substantially higher). A study in New Zealand found that 91% of the population had low to moderate SDO levels (levels of 1–4 on the scale), indicating that the majority of variance in SDO occurs within this band. A 2013 multi-national study found average scores ranged from 2.5 to 4.  Because SDO scales tend to skew towards egalitarianism, some researchers have argued that this has caused a misinterpretation of correlations between SDO scores and other variables, arguing that low-SDO scorers, rather than high-SDO scorers, are possibly driving most of the correlations. Thus SDO research may actually be discovering the psychology of egalitarianism rather than the reverse. Samantha Stanley argues that "high" SDO scorers are generally in the middle of the SDO scale and thus she suggests their score do not actually represent an endorsement of inequality but rather a greater tolerance or ambivalence towards it than low SDO scorers. Stanley suggests that true high-SDO scorers are possibly quite rare and that researchers need to make clearer what exactly they are defining high-SDO scores as, as prior studies did not always report the actual level of SDO endorsement from high-scorers. Some researchers have raised concerns that the trait is studied under an ideological framework of viewing group-based interactions as one of victims and victimisers (hence its label as social dominance orientation), and that research into SDO should instead look into social organisation rather than social dominance.

Paragraph 25: The accident site itself was compact horizontally, but not vertically. The aircraft struck a ridge line on an easterly heading near the crest of the mountain about  down from the top. The final flight path probably had some amount of upward vector to it, because the fuselage forward of the wing box was propelled, in fragments, over the crest and fell over the cliff side into the valley below. The actual wreckage documentation during five site visits was difficult because most of the parts were either buried under several feet of snow and inaccessible, outside the mine-free cordon and inaccessible, or down the cliff side and, therefore, also inaccessible to all without mountain climbing training.  The most prominent and recognizable piece of wreckage present was the vertical stabilizer and a small portion of the rear fuselage. Most of the visible wreckage was located between two stacked stone, roofless structures that were observation posts used by Mujahadeen fighters to monitor Soviet troop movements in the Kabul valley during the 1980s. Within a  circle, after a lot of arduous snow removal, investigators identified portions of both engines, both wings, the left main landing gear assembly, many aft galley components, the horizontal stabilizer, human remains and personal effects, and much miscellaneous debris. Some material, such as an escape slide and some right engine components, were located outside the landmine-free area. These items were documented with binoculars and digital camera zoom features.

Paragraph 26: In 1540 King James became convinced that Hamilton was plotting against him, although no evidence for this was presented. Arrested on charges of treason in late July, on 16 August Hamilton was tried, convicted and executed. Amongst the charges presented on 16 August, were these, which dated back 12 years, and suggest concerns about the security of the royal bedchamber;"Sir James Hamilton of Finnart, having been convicted of the treasonable shooting of guns and firing of missiles outside the palace of Linlithgow and from the bell-tower of the same, at the king and the people in his company, both at the time the king came to the palace and when he withdrew from the same, and especially at his lodging place in the same town, the king being personally present at the time of the firing of the said missiles. And for art and part in the treasonable imagination, planning, and consultation, vulgarly called devising, of assassinations, at the time it is said he was with Archibald Douglas of Kilspindie and James Douglas of Parkhead at the chapel of St Leonard near Edinburgh, after the forfeiture of Archibald Douglas, formerly Earl of Angus, George Douglas of Pittendreich his brother, and the said Archibald Douglas, his father, and also during the siege of Tantallon Castle in consultation with the said Douglases, how he would enter by the window near the upper part of the bed, 'the bedhead' (superiorem thori - literally above the pillows), in the King's palace near Holyrood Abbey, and how there he would commit the slaughter of the King. And for common treason and conspiracy against the King, his realm and lieges. Therefore it was given that this James forfeited his life, lands, rents and possessions to the king as his escheat, to remain with him in perpetuity."

Paragraph 27: The unsatisfactory Montagu–Chelmsford Reforms of 1919, and the rise to prominence of M. K. Gandhi in the Indian independence movement marked a change in the attitude of its leaders towards articulating demands for civil rights. The focus shifted from demanding equality of status between Indians and the British to assuring liberty for all Indians. The Commonwealth of India Bill, drafted by Annie Beasant in 1925, specifically included demands for seven fundamental rights – individual liberty, freedom of conscience, free expression of opinion, freedom of assembly, non-discrimination on the ground of sex, free elementary education and free use of public spaces. In 1927, the INC resolved to set up a committee to draft a "Swaraj Constitution" for India based on a declaration of rights that would provide safeguards against oppression. The 11-member committee, led by Motilal Nehru, was constituted in 1928. Its report made a number of recommendations, including proposing guaranteed fundamental rights to all Indians. These rights resembled those of the American Constitution and those adopted by post-war European countries, and several of them were adopted from the 1925 Bill. Several of these provisions were later replicated in various parts of the Indian Constitution, including the Fundamental Right itself to the defence of civil rights and economic freedom, with the stated objectives of putting an end to exploitation, providing social security and implementing land reforms. Other new rights proposed by the resolution were the prohibition of State titles, universal adult franchise, the abolition of capital punishment and freedom of movement. Drafted by Jawaharlal Nehru, the resolution, which later formed the basis for some of the Directive Principles, placed the primary responsibility of carrying out social reform on the State, and marked the increasing influence of socialism and Gandhian philosophy on the independence movement. The final phase of the Independence movement saw a reiteration of the socialist principles of the 1930s, along with an increased focus on minority rights – which had become an issue of major political concern by then – which were published in the Sapru Report in 1945. The report, apart from stressing on protecting the rights of minorities, also sought to prescribe a "The Fundamental Rights and Directive Principles had their origins in the Indian independence movement, which strove to achieve the values of liberty and social welfare as the goals of an independent Indian state. The development of constitutional rights in India was inspired by historical documents such as England's Bill of Rights, the United States Bill of Rights and France's Declaration of the Rights of Man. The demand for civil liberties formed an important part of the Indian independence movement, with one of the objectives of the Indian National Congress (INC) being to end discrimination between the British rulers and their Indian subjects. This demand was explicitly mentioned in resolutions adopted by the INC between 1917 and 1919. The demands articulated in these resolutions included granting to Indians the rights to equality before the law, free speech, trial by juries composed at least half of Indian members, political power, and equal terms for bearing arms as British citizens. standard of conduct for the legislatures, government and the courts".

Paragraph 28: In a variant translated as "Царевич в птичьей оболочке" ("The Prince in Bird Skin") or The Feathered Prince, three orphaned sisters live together and earn their living by milking their female buffalo and selling its milk and butter. One day, the animal disappears, and the elder sister goes looking for it. After a while, she sits by a rock near a cave. A little bird appears to her and begs for some food, and asks her to marry it. The elder sister refuses and returns home. The next day, the middle sister goes to look for the animal and rests by the same stone, and the same white bird propositions her, but she declines. Lastly, the youngest sister agrees to marry the white bird, and he directs her into the cave. Inside, magnificent and richly decorated rooms appear before her with every door she opens. At last, the little bird perches upon a couch and tells her that their buffalo was devoured by an evil raksha. The girl begins to live there as the white bird's wife, tidying the place and preparing the food. Some time later, a festival is held in a nearby village, with musicians, equestrian games, and all sorts of amusement. The white bird's wife goes to the festival, and sees a handsome youth on a gray horse, who gazes at her. The girl leaves the festival and meets an old woman. The girl pours out her woes to her, lamenting over the fact that her husband is just a little bird, but the old woman reassures her that the youth at the festival was her husband, and that she only has to burn his bird disguise the next time. The girl follows the old woman's instructions the next day, and burns the bird skin. The same night, her husband (in human form) comes home and asks her about the bird skin. The girl tells him she burned the birdskin, and the man reveals he is a prince, and that the birdskin was to protect him from an evil witch. Saying this, a whirlwind comes and takes the prince. The girl tries to find him and wanders through valleys and deserts, until she finds him one day near a temple, carrying jugs of water and wearing faded boots. The prince tells her to get feathers from all species of bird for a new bird coat, and, once she has fashioned it, she must chant a special prayer for him to return to her. Saying his, he disappears. The girl returns to their cave palace and gathers all feathers she can must, fashions a new bird skin and chants the correct chant to summon her husband back to her. He appears and both live happily.

Paragraph 29: ON TV ran third in the Metroplex's subscription television wars. By June 1982, the general zenith of STV nationally, VEU had 42,000 subscribers, Preview 30,000, and ON TV 24,800. Of the eight ON TV-branded services nationally, the Dallas–Fort Worth market was the second-smallest behind the newer franchise serving Salem and Portland, Oregon, and of those owned by Oak, it also had the worst relationship between station and STV franchise. Milton Grant, who had joined the Shlenker group and became intimately involved in operations, built up channel 21 as an aggressive independent in program purchasing. When ON TV launched in the Metroplex, as in other cities and with other STV services, it broadcast late-night adult programming as an add-on to the subscription. In 1982, KTXA—already unwilling to cede more hours to subscription broadcasting—and Oak entered into a dispute over these broadcasts, which the station felt were indecent, and KTXA won in a court fight to uphold its right to cancel ON TV programs to which it objected. ON TV characterized the legal battle as an attempt to prevent the subscription service from continuing with plans to lengthen its programming hours. This was followed in February 1983 by the station pulling such adult films as The Pleasure Palace, New Day in Eden, and Portrait of a Seduction from the schedule. KTXA's development as a station outside of ON TV had also been robust. At KTXA, Grant minted a reputation for being extremely promotion-oriented. In contrast to the other two hybrid startups in the Metroplex that "merely appeared", Ed Bark of The Dallas Morning News wrote that channel 21 had "burst into living rooms like a world-champion encyclopedia salesman", with nearly ubiquitous billboards, high-profile programming, and an emphasis on weekend movies.

Paragraph 30: There is extant documentation showing that Gobrecht worked for the Mint as early as 1823 immediately upon the death of the first chief engraver Robert Scot. This was only a temporary appointment until a new chief engraver William Kneass was hired in January 1824. He also engraved and sold letter and numeral punches to the Mint from this point forward and provided a pattern die to the United States Mint in 1826 (of which no examples exist). He became not an assistant but a "Second" engraver in September 1835 after Kneass suffered a debilitating stroke on August 27 of that year. After Kneass' stroke, most all pattern and die work was done by Gobrecht from then on, including the Gobrecht Dollars, which were minted briefly in small quantities from 1836 to 1839. Shortly after Kneass' death in 1840, Gobrecht was appointed Chief Engraver of the U.S. Mint on December 21, 1840. During his tenure as Chief Engraver of the Mint, Gobrecht produced perhaps what he is mainly known for, the Seated Liberty dollar, based on sketches by Thomas Sully, and Titian Peale.  That design remained on U.S. coinage as late as 1891  Gobrecht died in July 1844; his place as chief engraver was taken by James B. Longacre.