Paragraph 1: Quakers were one of the dissenting religious groups to emerge after the English Civil War in the mid-17th century.  At that time Godalming, a centuries-old industrial town on the River Wey in the southwest of Surrey, was "overwhelmingly Puritan in belief and practice".  The parish was extremely large, meaning that the incumbent at the Church of England parish church (St Peter and St Paul's) saw little of his parishioners; and his Anglo-Catholic views were unpopular and out of step with the beliefs of many locals.  Therefore, by the 1660s, Nonconformist conventicles (unofficial, informal religious meetings led by laypersons) had a substantial following in Godalming.  One, which attracted up to 500 people weekly, was held at a house in Eashing (west of Godalming) belonging to the brother of a Quaker called Henry Gill.  This developed out of an earlier conventicle at Binscombe Manor on the north side of Godalming, the property of Thomas Patching.  He was converted to the Quaker cause by the preaching of the denomination's founder George Fox at Ifield in West Sussex—an early centre for the Quaker cause where a Friends meeting house (still in use) was opened in 1676.  Patching inherited Binscombe Manor in the late 1650s and held regular Quaker meetings at a barn on the estate.  A Quaker burial ground was established next to it in 1659.  Fox himself preached at Binscombe, as did other early Quaker leaders.  Describing a journey into Surrey in 1655, Fox wrote "we passed on [from Reigate] to Thomas Patching's, of Binscombe in Godalming, where we had a meeting, to which several Friends came from London".  Patching was arrested in 1660 for failing to pay parish tithes, and died soon afterwards.  Henry Gill, who then took up the Quaker cause at Binscombe, was arrested on the same charge and had property seized.  More Quakers were prosecuted throughout the rest of the 17th century.  Meetings later moved to the home of Ezra Gill (Henry Gill's brother), Jordans, in Eashing.  Some were also held at Henry Gill's own home, the location of which is now unknown.  Gill had in 1658 published a pamphlet entitled Warning and Visitation to the Inhabitants of Godalming which encouraged the town's residents to follow the Quaker cause.  The following year, a group of Quakers in the town "were much beaten and abused, and put into the cage there ... for opposition to the priest".

Paragraph 2: Up until the dawn of the Roman Empire, it was common for loans to be negotiated as oral contracts. In the early Empire, lenders and borrowers began to adopt the usage of a chirographum (“handwritten record”) to record these contracts and use them for evidence of the agreed terms. One copy of the contract was presented on the exterior of the chirographum, while a second copy was kept sealed within two waxed tablets of the document in the presence of a witness. Informal methods of maintaining records of loans made and received existed, as well as formal incarnations adopted by frequent lenders. These serial lenders used a kalendarium to document the loans that they issued to assist in tabulating interest accrued at the beginning of each month (Kalends). Parties to contracts were supposed to be Roman citizens, but there is evidence of this boundary being broken. Loans to citizens were also originated from public or governmental positions. For example, the Temple of Apollo is believed to have engaged in secured loans with citizens’ homes being used as collateral. Loans were more rarely extended to citizens from the government, as in the case of Tiberius who allowed for three-year, interest-free loans to be issued to senators in order to avert a looming credit crisis.

Paragraph 3: The New Peace Process commenced with the first Bastar Dialogue, a three-day consultation event held at Tilda Chhattisgarh on 8th June 2018. Just before the December election of 2018, combined efforts by some Left-leaning intellectuals, peace activists, non-governmental organisations and civil society and tribal leaders of Bastar were aimed at opening channels of communication between representatives of the state government and the Maoist rebels. With the central theme of the event being “Finding an alternative path”, the tribal communities caught in the crossfire were the focus of the meeting at Tilda and tribal groups from northeastern states, Andhra Pradesh-Telangana, Jharkhand, Maharashtra came down to Chhattisgarh. Self-rule/autonomy in tribal areas was discussed with emphasis on the sixth Schedule of the constitution. The Bodoland autonomous council, healthcare and educational facilities in Naxal areas and need for tribal leadership to emerge were scrutinised heavily. Among many, the key speakers included the Chairman of the National Commission of Scheduled Tribes (NCST), Nand Kumar Sai; the pioneer of peace negotiations, Prof. Haragopal; former Central Cabinet Minister, Arvind Netam; former Chhattisgarh Finance Minister, Ramchandra Singhdeo; former Madhya Pradesh Chief Secretary, Sharad Chandra Behar; Deshbandhu Chief Editor, Lalit Surjan; Prof. Madhulika Banerjee; and BPS Netam of Sarv Adivasi Samaj. Various activists and journalists also addressed the gathering and expressed their concern for violence in Central India and advocated community-based growth and peaceful living of Adivasis, Dalits and other communities.  A 200km yatra from Andhra Pradesh to Jagdalpur was proposed, symbolic of the route taken by Maoists in 1980. This non-partisan walk would facilitate dialogue as opposed to confrontation. Another key discussion point was the relevance of existing mass media platforms and cultural initiatives that are happening in Central India and how they can be mobilised further to promote peace. Two prominent initiatives were Deepa Kiran's session on storytelling, which emphasised on the need to shift the storytelling paradigm from far removed English speaking western concepts to more experience-based stories, and CGNet’s work on the democratisation of media. As per the report on proceedings of Vikalp Sangam, the 3-day event ‘engaged in understanding the various non-violent alternatives created by people in the field, such as strengthening gram sabhas under PESA; getting access to rights, privileges and dues under the Forest Rights Act (FRA); undertaking a march advocating for peace; and creating alternative models in education, health, media, agriculture and cottage industry. The Sangam was an endeavour to envision an alternative future for the Adivasis, Dalits and the poor through strengthening egalitarianism in self-rule and eco-centric development practices.’ A poll taken on the 3rd and final day of the event revealed that there were 70 people from 11 states, and a majority of people (73%) were from rural India.

Paragraph 4: The robust nasal bones, preserved in a single specimen, are widest at the front, a feature unusual among placentals that is also seen in armadillos, and are also unusually flat. The ethmoid labyrinth, in the nasal cavity, was large, suggesting that Plesiorycteropus had a good sense of smell. A much larger part of the nasal septum, which separates the left and right nasal cavities, is ossified than usual in other mammals; MacPhee could find a similar condition only in sloths, which have a very short nose. The lacrimal bone is relatively large. At it is a single lacrimal canal, which opens near the suture between the frontal and lacrimal bones, like in lipotyphlans. There is a small tubercle (absent in aardvarks) near this opening. The orbital cavity, which houses the eyes, is relatively short, similar to the situation in pangolins and armadillos. A distinct tubercle is present on the suture between the frontal and parietal bones in P. germainepetterae, but not P. madagascariensis. P. madagascariensis has a more expansive braincase and a less pronounced narrowing between the orbits. The foramen rotundum, an opening in the bone of the orbit, is present. The optic canal, which houses the nerves leading to the eyes, is narrow, suggesting that the eyes were small, similar to many other tenrecoids. As in pangolins and xenarthrans, little of the squamosal bone can be seen from above. The temporal lines on the braincase, which anchor muscles, are located lower in P. germainepetterae. Like in aardvarks, the parietals are relatively large. An interparietal bone is present. Unlike in anteaters and pangolins, the occiput (the back of the skull) is flat and vertical. Plesiorycteropus lacks notches above the foramen magnum (the opening that connects the brain to the spinal cord), which are present in aardvarks. The nuchal crest, a projection on the occiput, is straight in P. madagascariensis, but in P. germainepetterae it is interrupted in the middle, similar to the situation in armadillos and hyraxes.

Paragraph 5: Prior to the entrance of the United States into World War I, she served on Neutrality Patrol duty, trying to protect American and neutral-flagged merchant ships from interference by British or German warships and U-boats. In the course of performing those duties, Balch was at Newport, Rhode Island, in early October 1916. At 0530 on 8 October, wireless reports came in of a German submarine stopping ships near the Lightship Nantucket, off the eastern end of Long Island. After an SOS from the British steamer  was received at about 1230, Rear Admiral Albert Gleaves ordered Balch and other destroyers at Newport to attend to survivors. The American destroyers arrived on the scene about 1700 when the U-boat,  under the command of Kapitänleutnant Hans Rose, was in the process of stopping the Holland-America Line cargo ship . Shortly after, U-53 stopped the British passenger ship . As Rose had done with three other ships U-53 had sunk earlier in the day, he gave passengers and crew aboard Blommersdijk and Stephano adequate time to abandon the ships before sinking the pair. At one point, Rose signaled Balch requesting that she move out of the way to allow Stephano to be torpedoed, much to the later chagrin of Lord Beresford, who denounced Balchs compliance as "aiding and abetting" the Germans in a speech in the House of Lords. In total, 226 survivors from U-53s five victims were rescued by the destroyer flotilla. Balch picked up the crew of Stephano and a number of passengers, later transferring them to destroyer  for return to Newport.

Paragraph 6: Other than the UEFA-affiliated Royal Belgian Football Association, several amateur football leagues exist in Belgium, most at regional levels. These are often called "pub teams' leagues", although this is not entirely correct: far from all clubs represent a pub, as often there are teams enrolled who represent a town or district of a village, a company or another institution. Many amateur leagues exist in Belgium, most of them are region-bound or province-bound. Examples of amateur leagues with a long tradition include the KVV (Koninklijke Vlaamse Voetbalbond) organising provincial leagues in all Flemish provinces save for West-Vlaanderen; the MTSA for the area Dendermonde-Aalst-Denderstreek; the LVVB Melle for the area Wetteren-Ghent (with some clubs outside this area); the LVV Meetjesland for the Meetjesland area and few clubs from Ghent, the Corporative Leagues in several provinces mainly intended for company teams (although sometimes also including general amateur teams), the WALIVO in the Waasland area, the ABSSA and Travailliste leagues in Brussels and surrounding areas, … The system is complex as some of these regional leagues are affiliated to the Belgian FA (sometimes their member clubs receive a matricule number) but the leagues are totally separate from the league system in the leagues directly run by the Belgian FA (described above). Some other amateur leagues operate totally separate from the Belgian FA with no connection to the Belgian FA in any ways. Amateur leagues are in decline in some areas due to the competition from the general Belgian FA-run leagues and due to long travel distances being unpractical at amateur level. Several clubs who started in amateur leagues have made the transfer to the leagues run directly by the Belgian FA (starting at the lowest level). Some of these clubs even managed to, after a while, reach a relatively high level of the Belgian pyramid. Many amateur leagues in the past were tied to a political ideology, and Catholic, Socialist and Liberal amateur leagues existed. Nowadays most amateur leagues are based upon geographic area rather than on political ideologies.

Paragraph 7: Fleck wrote that the development of truth in scientific research was an unattainable ideal as different researchers were locked into thought collectives (or thought-styles). This means "that a pure and direct observation cannot exist: in the act of perceiving objects the observer, i.e. the epistemological subject, is always influenced by the epoch and the environment to which he belongs, that is by what Fleck calls the thought style". Thought style throughout Fleck's work is closely associated with representational style. A "fact" was a relative value, expressed in the language or symbolism of the thought collective in which it belonged, and subject to the social and temporal structure of this collective. He argued, however, that within the active cultural style of a thought collective, knowledge claims or facts were constrained by passive elements arising from the observations and experience of the natural world. This passive resistance of natural experience represented within the stylized means of the thought collective could be verified by anyone adhering to the culture of the thought collective, and thus facts could be agreed upon within any particular thought style. Thus while a fact may be verifiable within its own collective, it may be unverifiable in others. He felt that the development of scientific facts and concepts was not unidirectional and does not consist of just accumulating new pieces of information, but at times required changing older concepts, methods of observations, and forms of representation. This changing of prior knowledge is difficult because a collective attains over time a specific way of investigating, bringing with it a blindness to alternative ways of observing and conceptualization. Change was especially possible when members of two thought collectives met and cooperated in observing, formulating hypothesis and ideas. He strongly advocated comparative epistemology. He also notes some features of the culture of modern natural sciences that recognize provisionality and evolution of knowledge along the value of pursuit of passive resistances. This approach anticipated later developments in social constructionism, and especially the development of critical science and technology studies.

Paragraph 8: Besides the Battle of Ballinamuck, two at the Cape, and three in South America, Sir Robert was present at the Battle of Corunna, the passage of the Douro, the battle of Busaco, the lines of Torres Vedras, the siege and reduction of Olivenza, the first siege of Badajoz, the battle of Albuera, the siege and storming of Ciudad Rodrigo, the third siege and storming of Badajoz, the battles of the Nivelle, Nive, passage of the Adour, and the battles of Orthes and Toulouse. He received the gold cross and three clasps for Busaco, Albuera, Badajoz, Nivelle, the Nive, Orthez, and Toulouse, and the war medal and two clasps for Corunna and Ciudad Rodrigo. He also received Portuguese and Spanish orders, including the special star given by the Portuguese government to all English officers of superior rank engaged at Albuera. He brought home the despatches regarding Albuera, and on that occasion was appointed a brevet lieutenant-colonel. He was created a knight of the Tower and Sword by the government of Portugal, and in 1815 was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB). In 1830, he attained the rank of major-general, and in 1838 was appointed to the command of the troops in Ceylon, after which he commanded a division in Bengal until his promotion as lieutenant-general in 1841. In 1843, he was appointed colonel of the 76th Foot.

Paragraph 9: Forbes gave it a score of 8.5 out of 10, saying, "It's fun enough to make its shortcomings less important, though certainly not to overlook them entirely." Toronto Sun gave it a favorable review and called it "a must-buy if you already own a Vita, and with its release there's never been a better moment to pick one up." Digital Spy similarly gave it four stars out of five and called it "one of the deepest and most interesting games available for Sony's handheld. The dark fantasy style and slightly repetitive missions might put some people off, but if you're looking to invest a lot of time into a game and don't mind sacrificing your social life, Keiji Inafune's latest is just the game for you." The Escapist likewise gave it four stars out of five and stated, "While the game is a little limited by the platform, the underlying mechanics will capture a certain style of player." However, 411Mania gave it a score of 7.4 out of 10, saying, "Repetitive missions aside, Soul Sacrifice is a worthwhile experience on the Vita. I find myself coming back to the game to get new weapons and run bosses with friends. It's an enjoyable experience that gets better as you get stronger, and may be a good title for a lot of Vita owners to get back into the handheld." Slant Magazine gave it three-and-a-half stars out of five and called it "a game that's most arresting when experienced alone, its grim story one of intensifying emptiness and detachment. Regardless of its irregular pratfalls, there's something to be said for a title this dark that excels primarily in short bursts rather than prolonged, daylight-avoiding tests of mental pertinacity." The Digital Fix likewise gave it seven out of ten and said that the game "can stand on its own feet proudly, but it’s the potential of the birth of a franchise that should get gamers everywhere smiling into their Mountain Dew." Edge gave it a score of six out of ten and called it "a brave game that dares to weaken players in one way as it empowers them in another. Concept may be wrong in thinking Monster Hunter would be better if it was just about hunting monsters, but Soul Sacrifice is courageous and thematically bold enough to distinguish itself from the clones that have followed in the wake of Capcom's phenomenon."

Paragraph 10: In 2010, he won his second World Poker Tour title by winning the WPT Doyle Brunson Five Diamond World for over $870,000. On July 3, 2012, he won the largest buy-in tournament in history, the Big One for One Drop, a $1,000,000 buy-in live event. After beating 47 other players, he earned $18,346,673, the biggest cash prize in poker history. The same year at the 2012 World Series of Poker Europe, Esfandiari won his third bracelet in the €1,100 No Limit Hold'em event, defeating Remi Bollengier heads-up to earn €126,207. In the 2013 World Series of Poker, he placed fourth in the One Drop High Roller tournament, the successor to the Big One that he had won a year earlier, and earned $1,433,438.

Paragraph 11: Ethnographer and linguist Juan Bautista Rael collected a tale from a Spanish-language teller from North America. In this tale, titled Pájaro Verde ("Green Bird"), a girl asks her widowed father to marry their old woman neighbour. He does, and the old woman takes her daughter to live with them. Some time later, the man has to go on a journey, and asks what he can get them. His own daughter asks him for the "rosario de Valoria" (rosary of Valoria), per her stepmother's advice, which lies in a dangerous place surrounded by lions and tigers. Despite the danger, her father brings it to her, who gives to her stepmother. Later that night, the stepmother cuts off pieces of clothes and gives to the girl to sew in one night. The girl cannot do it, and summons Pájaro Verde ("Green Bird") to help her, on the pretense she will talk to him. A little bird comes and fulfills the task for her, despite her not addressing him. The next night, the stepmother gives the girl another pile of clothes to sew, but she cannot do the task, and leaves home. She meets some king's launderesses and are welcomed by them. They go to a ball at the king's castle, the girl wearing a veil. The prince goes to meet the veiled girl and asks her to marry him, but she says she cannot do so. The prince then tells his father the veiled girl boasted she could fill bottles with bird tears. The king gives her some bottles and threatens to kill her if she does not fulfill the task. The next day, the girl summons Pájaro Verde again; the little bird comes and tells her to summon the birds by saying Pájaro Verde wants to marry. The little birds come and cry over the bottles. A second ball is held at the castle; she wears a veil, meets the prince and refuses his romantic advances. In retaliation, the prince tells his father she can find them the "puches" that are used to raise the princes. The next time, she summons Pájaro Verde again; he comes and advises her on how to proceed: she is to ask for a river of crystalline water to open up and let her pass, exchange the correct fodder for animals (bone for a dog, hay for a horse), pass by an orchard of trees with fruits and not eat them, enter a witch's house, get the box and run back. The girl follows the instructions to the letter and meets the witch, whom she asks for a glass of water. While the witch is distracted, the girl takes the box lying on a stove and flees. The witch appears and commands the trees, the animals and the river to stop her, but they remain still. At a distance, she gets curious and opens the box of puches: little birds fly out of it. The girl begs for Pájaro Verde to come and help her, he appears and, uttering a spell, commands the birds to fly back into the box. The girl delivers the box to the king. Lastly, there is a third ball at the castle, where Pájaro Verde (the prince's name) will choose a bride. The girl attends again and Pájaro Verde chooses her.

Paragraph 12: Norris was returned again for Rye at the 1715 British general election. With the new Whig Administration, he returned to active service.  He was sent with a fleet to the Baltic Sea to support a coalition of naval forces from Russia, Denmark and Hanover taking in the Great Northern War. Tsar Peter took personal command of the coalition fleet and appointed Norris as his deputy in 1716: together they protected British and other allied merchant vessels from attack by warships of the Swedish Empire. Norris joined the Board of Admiralty led by the Earl of Berkeley in March 1718. In November 1718, following the death of Charles XII of Sweden, Britain switched sides and Norris returned to the region to protect British merchant shipping from attack by Russian raiders. Norris also acted as a commissioner in the negotiations leading to the Treaty of Nystad which ended the War in September 1721. At the 1722 British general election, he was returned unopposed as Member of Parliament for Portsmouth. and was advanced to Senior Naval Lord on the Admiralty Board in June 1727 but stood down as a Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty when the Walpole–Townshend Ministry fell in May 1730.

Paragraph 13: The crystals used for structure study were acquired at the Daye Mine (Hawthorne et al., 2004). To get a first general idea of the mineral structure it went through X-ray intensity data analysis and then, for a more detailed study, an electron microprobe was used (Hawthorne et al., 2004). Hubeite is triclinic (P1*). Basically, there are two Ca sites in the structure of hubeite, with site one being and octahedron and the second site is coordinated by 6 oxygen atoms at the same distance and one extra oxygen atom further out and arranged in an augmented octahedron (Hawthorne et al., 2004). There are also 4 sites for Si in tetrahedral arrangement, and the fourth site bonds to an OH group forming an acid-silicate group (SiO3(OH)) (Hawthorne et al., 2004). There are 2 oxygen sites that connect 2 Si atoms, thus creating a sorosilicate (Hawthorne et al., 2002). [Si4O13] corresponds to a four membered chain fragment of tetrahedra according to Hawthorne et al. (2004). The only other sorosilicate mineral that has that same four membered configuration is ruizite (Moore et al., 1985). The main difference of the two minerals is the valence of Mn and the existence of Fe3+ for Hubeite (Hawthorne et al., 2002). Ruizite is of the [Si4O13] sorosilicate group (Hawthorne, 1984) and when it was discovered, it did not much any other Ca-Mn silicate already known (Willams et al., 1977), and now with the discovery of hubeite it is easier to understand the [Si4O13] sorosilicate group. The other two sites left in the hubeite structure are filled with Fe with CN=6 and Mn with CN=6, being one of the bonds to OH in the Mn case. The structure of hubeite is heteropolyhedra, with alternating layers of tetrahedra and different polyhedra parallel to (001) (Hawthorne et al., 2004). The tetrahedral layers are formed by [Si4O13] sharing corners, and the other alternating layer is formed by the [6], [7] and [8] Ca, Mn2+ and Fe3+ polyhedral sharing edges (Hawthorne et al., 2004). This last feature is what relates hubeite to the akatoreite group. Akatoreite, like hubeite, is triclinic with space group P1*(Burns et al., 1993). Akatoreite’ structure is layered as well with alternating sheets of octahedra and tetrahedra, parallel to (101) (Burns et al., 1993). The octahedra groups, as well as one Mn tetrahedra group, are sharing edges and linked by the corner sharing tetrahedral. The same happens in ruizite, except that they are linked by the [Si4O13] group. The inesite structure also relates very well to the hubeite structure. It is also based on layers of edge sharing polyhedra alternating with corner sharing tetrahedra (Hawthrone et al., 2004). The main difference is that inesite is a cyclosilicate, and in fact, by omitting 2 of the 6 tetrahedra that form the tetrahedra ring, and if the other 8 membered ring is broken and hydroxylated, the new arrangement becomes a hubeite (Hawthorne et al., 2004). This just confirms the association of hubeite and inesite in the Daye mines (Hawthorn et al., 2004).

Paragraph 14: In September 1999, the Federal CIO Council published the "Federal Enterprise Architecture Framework" (FEAF) Version 1.1 for developing an Enterprise Architecture (EA) within any Federal Agency for a system that transcends multiple inter-agency boundaries. It builds on common business practices and designs that cross organizational boundaries, among others the NIST Enterprise Architecture Model. The FEAF provides an enduring standard for developing and documenting architecture descriptions of high-priority areas. It provides guidance in describing architectures for multi-organizational functional segments of the Federal Government. At the time of release, the Government's IT focus on Y2K issues and then the events of September 2001 diverted attention from EA implementation, though its practice in advance and subsequent to this may have ameliorated the impact of these events. As part of the President's Management Agenda, in August 2001, the E-Government Task Force project was initiated (unofficially called Project Quicksilver). A key finding in that strategy was that the substantial overlap and redundant agency systems constrained the ability to achieve the Bush Administration strategy of making the government "citizen centered". The Task Force recommended the creation a Federal Enterprise Architecture Project and the creation of the FEA Office at OMB. This was a shift from the FEAF focus on Information Engineering, to a J2EE object re-use approach using reference models comprising taxonomies that linked performance outcomes to lines of business, process services components, types of data, and technology components. Interim releases since that time have provided successive increases in definition for the core reference models (see below), as well as a very robust methodology for actually developing an architecture in a series of templates forming the Federal Segment Architecture Methodology (FSAM) and its next generation replacement, the Collaborative Planning Methodology (CPM), which was designed to be more flexible, more widely applicable, and more inclusive of the larger set of planning disciplines.

Paragraph 15: Aaren is a bisexual tycoon. His father is part of a famous toy production company and cared a great deal about family image. When Aaren developed a homosexual relationship with a male friend, he kept it secret until he wanted to force his hand to come out. He killed his boyfriend and buried him over a secluded area in the hills. Only he knew about the secret and for several years he lived life quietly and started a relationship with Ying after she broke up with Johnlung. Ying became Aaren's confidant, but eventually his mix of lies and truths became apparent and Ying warned Johnlung about Aaren's suspicious past (without knowing he killed his boyfriend). Aaren was angry that she suspected him and would tell off someone about their secrets and so Aaren tried to kill Ying. They would put up a struggle until they both fell into the ocean and Aaren tried to drown Ying. Because witnesses came, Aaren used this excuse that he tried to commit suicide and that Ying tried to save him, but ended up injured herself. Johnlung didn't accept that as the truth, but because Ying is in a coma the truth would never come. Aaren planned to kill her by transferring her to a private hospital where he's able to act without too many witnesses, but she died. It wasn't long that Johnlung discovered that a Thai man was taping the local area and had the very tape the clearly displayed Aaren's murderous intent. Johnlung and Aaren would eventually play a game of how much they can't hurt each other by making personal attacks on each other's families. Johnlung would deliver a disk of the actual murder to Aaren's father, leading to a heart attack. Aaren would distract Johnlung's nephew to look like he was kidnapped. Eventually Aaren was kidnapped by his own brother, Tim, who desperately needed money. After the drop was made though, Tim friends wanted to kill Aaren. Johnlung was part of the investigating group over Aaren's apparent kidnap and Johnlung took the opportunity to kill Aaren after he mocked him for unable the finish the job and that the heavens was so good to him. Aaren's true death would eventually come into light after Johnlung turned his ways and confessed his crimes. Although Aaren's true death was revealed, only his family missed him as everyone knows him as the disturbed killer that he is.

Paragraph 16: In September 2014, talking about whether the ending of the season would also be a satisfying end to the series, Bell said "we're not thinking of it as a series finale as much as a season finale ... I think we have some momentum coming in [to season 2] and I think we pick up on it. I'm optimistic that we can keep the plane in the air a little longer." He also talked about whether the themes of family and connectedness from the first season would be re-explored in the second, saying "What we always look for are the human elements in the big story. That's what television does well, it makes you care about people, and whether it's literal family or anytime you have a team of people working together, it takes on some sort of family metaphor." Bell reiterated the idea of family following the end of the season, saying "In many ways, the whole metaphor at the heart of the show is family—you've got Coulson and May and then a bunch of younger people, and it allows us to play out different dynamics; literally, this season, we had Skye's biological parents versus her surrogate parents. And at the same time, we had Skye growing up. We had her going from a slightly sulky hacker season one to training to become an agent to becoming our first full-fledged superhero and so as we grow up, we separate from our parents... In our minds, her mom wasn't a villain so much; she was an antagonist, but if you look at why she feels the way she does, Jiaying really earned that position." Discussing the reveal that Skye is actually Daisy Johnson, Maurissa Tancharoen explained thatJohnson is a character that we always liked. We always knew there was a potential to evolve Skye into something else. It took a little bit of time, but we were happy when we were able to land on Daisy Johnson, and actually have that work in our mythology. But as with everything that we do on the show, we pull from the properties, and we do our own spin to it. So we are kind of merging a few concepts and storylines. We've spent a season and a half with Skye. We've seen her evolve as a person, we've grown to like her as a person, we've seen her evolve as an agent. And now, finally bringing her to her origin story—I think there's just a lot more emotional weight to it, because you already know her as just Skye, and now she will have this ability that she may not understand, that she may not want ... We're going to focus on Skye, and how that affects the people around her, and how the relationships may shift. Because we've seen through the course of our series so far; we've spoken about how S.H.I.E.L.D. treats gifteds or views them, and they're categorized, things like that. What does that mean when one of your own is now considered someone with an ability? How do you categorize her?Whedon elaborated that "We're going to walk her through the steps of discovering what this really means, and coming to terms with it. All that stuff is really interesting to us, and in television, because we have time to explore, we can take her origin on all sorts of different paths." Additionally, Whedon talked about how the character would be referred to on the show after the reveal, saying, "She's still Skye, because she thinks she's Skye. I think her dad thinks she's Daisy, and we'll see if she ever gets to the point where she believes that that's something that she would want to call herself. But right now, she has her own identity."

Paragraph 17: Leela arrives to visit Tegan after she gives birth to a surprise baby. She agrees to move in with her parents and meets her half-brother Ste. In trying to help Sienna Blake (Anna Passey) to find her daughter, Leela revealed that Peri was not her sister but her daughter. She admits that she gave birth young and her parents agreed to be parents to her. She finally tells Peri that she is her mother and Peri rejects her. Leela's ex Cameron Campbell (Cameron Moore) arrives in Hollyoaks and tries to win her back, but at the time she was with Ziggy Roscoe (Fabrizio Santino). In 2015, Leela married Ziggy. Peri becomes pregnant at 15 by Tom Cunningham (Ellis Hollins), and later gives birth to a baby girl called Steph, making Leela a grandmother at 28. Ziggy dies on Christmas Eve 2015 after suffering a head injury in an explosion a day before leaving Leela heartbroken. Leela later falls pregnant. Leela is horrified when Peri goes missing and it is revealed that Nico kept her hostage in a bunker. Peri reveals this to them at the hospital and a furious Cameron vows revenge. He starts a fire which kills Nico but it also kills Ziggy's brother Joe Roscoe (Ayden Callaghan), after an explosion causes him to fall from a ferris wheel. A few weeks later, Cameron proposes to Leela and she happily accepts. Celine McQueen (Sarah George) discovers that Cameron started the fire so Cameron kills her to keep his secret. At Leela's hen party, Tegan pays Zack Loveday (Duayne Boachie) to be the stripper and an angry Cameron punches him. The guilt of Cameron's crimes becomes too much for him, so he writes a confession letter and leaves. Leela panics when he disappears so his cousin Courtney Campbell (Amy Conacham) tricks him into meeting her at the hospital. He tries to confess his crimes but Courtney persuades him to return to Leela. Leela finds his confession letter but only reads the first page before rushing off to the ceremony and Cameron burns it. After saying their vows, Leela goes into labour two months early. She gives birth to a baby boy but the baby is struggling to breathe. Cameron spots a bruise on the baby's leg and angrily accuses the staff of harming his child. Leela names the baby Daniel after her father. While they are alone, Tegan tells Leela that it was a Mongolian blue spot which is common in mixed race babies, meaning Cameron isn't the father. Leela tells Cameron that he isn't the father and he makes her choose between him or the baby and Leela chooses him. The baby's father is revealed to be Louis Loveday (Karl Collins) whose son Zack was the main suspect.

Paragraph 18: In a review for The Boston Phoenix, Michael Christopher speculated that the album would be received poorly by those who refuse to recognize the Misfits as legitimate without Glenn Danzig. "The problem is, and has always been, that it just isn't the Misfits without Glenn Danzig at the helm", he elaborated in the Delaware County Daily Times, "[Only] retains the name in rights only, because there is no true legitimacy left within the group, which has featured a revolving door of backup players." "That's a shame, because The Devil's Rain is chock full of good, campy horror business." He gave the album a mixed review in both publications, praising some tracks while criticizing others: Unexplained', 'Vivid Red', and 'Sleepwalkin' ' are fun and frightfully ferocious. Other points are stumbles: 'Monkey's Paw' has Only trying pitifully hard to ape the Misfits' 'Last Caress', and tracks like 'Curse of the Mummy's Hand' and 'Ghost of Frankenstein' are too predictable to be more than schlock, though it would be funny—in a good, goofy, send-up sort of way—if it was done under another moniker ... These guys just need another alias." Gentile expressed similar sentiments, complementing Only's bass and Cadena's guitar playing but saying that the group's choice to continue under the Misfits name seemed to limit their choice of subject matter: "while the band has technical chops, it almost seems like they are singing about the occult and undead merely because that's what the Misfits are supposed to do. When original vocalist Glenn Danzig detailed 'the insemination of little girls in the middle of wet dreams', it seemed like that was something he was actually into. Even when second Misfits vocalist, Michael Graves, wailed that he was 'crying on a Saturday night', it seemed he was pulling from true early 20s dejection. But, when Only sings about mummies, or Frankenstein, or even hell, it doesn't seem like that's what he feels is important, but what he is limited to in subject matter, leaving the tunes without any sense of conviction." He did note that "when the band does become most alive is when they play the style of music that excites them", citing Only's doo-wop style in "The Black Hole" as an example. "The Devil's Rain certainly isn't a disgrace", he concluded, "and long-running fans will find at least a few things to enjoy about the album. It's just frustrating that when the band snaps together and plays what they truly want to play, they aren't so much 'the Misfits' as a band containing a hefty amount of punk talent and experience. Instead of leaving the past behind, they seem to cling to it, forever condemning themselves to comparisons of previous incarnations." Lymangrover opined similarly, saying the album "suffers from the fact that the group never tries to expand on the vocabulary established 30 years ago. If Famous Monsters was a step back for the Misfits legacy, this is a bigger step in the wrong direction."

Paragraph 19: Van Breda Kolff's success in college attracted the attention of the NBA. The Lakers hired him in 1967, and in his first season guided the team to the NBA Finals, where they lost to the Boston Celtics in six games. In his second campaign for the Lakers, his team — with Elgin Baylor, Jerry West, and Wilt Chamberlain — notched a 55–27 record and reached the Finals again, but van Breda Kolff and Chamberlain did not get along at all (the coach thought his star center was spoiled and openly favored Baylor and West over him, while Chamberlain viewed his coach as a loser and barely tolerated him). Van Breda Kolff took tremendous flak for not allowing Chamberlain back in the game for the final minutes of game 7 of the NBA finals against Boston. Chamberlain picked up his fifth foul midway through the fourth quarter, and shortly thereafter asked out of the game with knee pain. With backup center Mel Counts in the game, the Lakers cut a seven-point deficit to two points. Chamberlain then motioned to van Breda Kolff that he was ready to go back in the game, to which van Breda Kolff told him "sit your big ass down" and "we don't need you." The Lakers lost by two points, and van Breda Kolff resigned before he could be fired by Lakers owner Jack Kent Cooke. Game 7 marked the last time he would coach an NBA team in a postseason game.

Paragraph 20: In 1915, two San Francisco arts patrons, Oliver and Isabel Stine, intending to build a summer retreat, purchased the  site on which Hakone now stands. Inspired by the Panama–Pacific International Exposition and her subsequent 1916 trip to Japan, Isabel Stine modeled the gardens upon (and named them after) Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park. She hired Japanese landscape artists and architects to design the gardens (credited to Naoharu Aihara) and the Upper "Moon Viewing" House (credited to Tsunematsu Shintani). Construction proceeded between 1917 to 1929. In 1923, the west coast premiere of Puccini's Madama Butterfly was held in the gardens; Isabel Stine was a co-founder and patron of the producing company, the San Francisco Opera.

Paragraph 21: In the antimatter universe, however, young Bruce was killed along with his mother, while his brother and father survived, with Thomas Jr. growing up to be Owlman. Equipping himself with a utility belt containing technology and weapons similar to those used by Batman along with possessing a drug-enhanced high intellect (devoted to crime rather than serving the law), Owlman became a master criminal and an ally to Boss Gordon (the antimatter Earth's version of James Gordon) and underboss Lucius Fox. Later, he learned that his father Thomas Wayne Sr. was still alive and had become the chief of police in their world's version of Gotham City, gathering a cadre of police officers who did not give in to the rampant corruption which infested their version of Earth. Thomas Jr. blames his father for the deaths of his mother and brother and it is strongly hinted that the main purpose to his criminal career is to punish his father, who is well aware of who he is and is equally determined to destroy his own son. During his visit to the "main" DC Universe upon discovering the Waynes' graves, he states that nothing matters because "he's dead", and that there is no one left to hurt, referring to Thomas Wayne Sr. and collapses to his knees in despair in front of his father’s grave.

Paragraph 22: Due to a rule change in eligibility that allowed men's and women's teams to compete in the mixed doubles discipline, over fifty teams registered in this years championship, a huge increase from the five that competed in 2020. After the qualifiers, the field was narrowed down to just thirty-one teams, and thirty once one team had to drop out. Like the men's and women's championships, the event was scheduled to be held in three rounds. The first round was held in a triple-knockout bracket, which qualified eight teams for the playoffs and the second round. Kim Min-ji and Lee Ki-jeong (Gangwon A) won the first round, qualifying through the A Event and going undefeated en route to winning the round. They defeated Jang Yeong-seo and Jeong Byeong-jin (Seoul Federation), who had also qualified through the A-side 10–0 in the final. Two C Event qualifiers made up the third place game, with Shin Ga-yeong and Park Jun-ha (Jeonbuk B) winning the game 10–3 over reigning mixed doubles champions Kim Ji-yoon and Moon Si-woo (Gyeonggi D). Kim Su-ji and Kim Jeong-min (Gyeonggi C), Yang Tae-i and Lee Ki-bok (Gangwon C), Um Min-ji and Nam Yoon-ho (Jeonbuk A) and Kim Hye-rin and Seong Yu-jin (Gangwon B) all advanced to the second round as well. Round 2 was held in a round robin between the eight qualifying teams. Through the second round, Kim Min-ji and Lee Ki-jeong dominated the field, winning all seven of their games. This meant that no third round was needed as Kim and Lee had won both the first and second round, scoring all ten available points. Yang Tae-i and Lee Ki-bok finished second through the round with a 5–2 record, earning themselves four points. As they had gotten one point from the first round, they finished the tournament with five points, which was tied with Seoul Federation and Gyeonggi D in second place. However, due to Kim and Moon having the worst Draw Shot Challenge of the three teams, they finished in fourth. Gangwon C and Seoul Federation then played a second place game to determine the national team backup, with the team from Seoul coming away as 6–5 winners. Shin Ga-yeong and Park Jun-ha finished in fifth place with four points, followed by Um Min-ji and Nam Yoon-ho in sixth with three points and Kim Hye-rin and Seong Yu-jin tied with Kim Su-ji and Kim Jeong-min in seventh with eight points.

Paragraph 23: In 1772, Sacchini moved to London, accompanied by Giuseppe Millico, one of the finest castrati then active on the European stage and Gluck's favourite. Beginning with two new operas staged at the King's Theatre in 1773, Il Cid (in January) and Tamerlano (in May), in the words of Burney, Sacchini soon "captured the hearts" of the London public. He was so popular that Tommaso Traetta was unable to make any impression with his operas when he arrived in the British capital in 1776, even though Sacchini himself had supported the move by his old friend. Sacchini remained in London for a decade, until 1782, despite the fact his enormous mounting debts created growing difficulties and even enemies. Among the latter was Venanzio Rauzzini, who had taken over from Millico as the leading male singer at the King's Theatre, and who claimed that he had written some of Sacchini's most famous arias himself. The majority of Sacchini's chamber music dates from his years in London. As far as music for the stage is concerned, new operas by Sacchini were produced every year over the whole period apart from 1776/1777, probably in connection with the composer's trips to the Continent and with the staging in Paris of French-language pasticci based on two previous works: the dramma giocoso from the Roman period, L'isola d'amore, now entitled La colonie, and the opera seria L'Olimpiade, which became L'Olympiade. The translator of the libretti into French was the musician and writer Nicolas-Étienne Framery, a lover of Italian music. At that time, the Parisian operatic scene was divided between supporters of the German composer Gluck, famous for his musical reforms, and followers of his Italian rival Niccolò Piccinni. A member of the emerging Piccinnist faction, Framery also admired Sacchini and formed a lasting friendship with him. On 8 June 1779, a work by Sacchini appeared for the first time on the stage of the Paris Opéra. It was a revival of the dramma giocoso L'amore soldato, which had premiered in England the previous year, and was now advertised as an intermède in three acts. During his stays in Paris in the seventies Sacchini is also said to have imparted the rudiments of a real singing education to the future European star of opera and refined cantatrice, Brigida Banti.

Paragraph 24: Chaminade College Preparatory School is an independent, Roman Catholic school, of the Marianist Order, for boys in grades six through twelve in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Louis. The school is located in Creve Coeur, in west St. Louis County, Missouri. The school offers 7-day, 5-day, and temporary boarding. Students come from throughout the United States and from countries throughout the world. Canning Hall, the name of the dormitory, accommodates up to sixty-five residents. The school bears the name of Father William Joseph Chaminade, a priest who lived during the era of the French Revolution and who founded the religious order known as the Society of Mary (Marianists). The school maintains an active relationship with the Society of Mary through governance structures and the employment of lay and religious Marianists and maintaining this charism.

Paragraph 25: With the exception of the title track, a thinly veiled ode to smoking marijuana, most of the album's material consists of traditional romance ballads and love songs, in the style of classic soul music. The lyrical content of the album closer, "Higher", combines the spiritual love of God and the carnal love of a woman, and is similar to the lyricism of Prince, who has been noted by music writers for exploring the "eternal dichotomy" of spirituality and sexuality. Music writers have noted the lyrical "openness" of the album, along with qualities of honesty and "earnestness" in D'Angelo's songwriting, in comparison to most contemporary R&B at the time. "Alright" deals with the consequences of a relationship and reassurance of its security. "Shit, Damn, Motherfucker" was cited by Shapiro as "the nastiest cheating song since that hoary old standard of 60s rock, 'Hey Joe'", It features a string of emphatic interjections (the chorus line "shit, damn, motherfucker" describes his reaction) and rhetorical questions by the narrator after walking in on his wife and his best friend in bed together. Music critic Christopher John Farley described the chorus as a "little like the Fuhrman tapes, with a beat", while Mark Anthony Neal found the song to be "drenched with Marvin Gaye’s paranoia."

Paragraph 26: The protagonist of the series, Amano Sakogami, is a happy but unlucky girl. She has a dream about being attacked by a woman in a purple kimono. She is rescued by a boy in this dream, who causes her to forget the dream. It is only when she is recruited by a club at her school that she remembers. This club is called the Kaiun Kenkyukai (Better Fortune Research Organization), a cover for the Happy Seven, seven girls who each have a different power of the Shichifukujin, the Seven Lucky Gods. There are two other female members of the club, a dog-girl and a girl with pigtails and glasses. Amano recognizes the lone male member of the club as the boy who rescued her in her dreams. When she realizes this, she appoints herself their manager, hoping that this will allow her to get closer to him. She realizes that the student council president is Happy Seven's adversary, working with the woman in the purple kimono she saw in her dream. He is one of the reasons that Magatsugami, monsters that feed on negative emotions, are being released onto the world. It is the Happy Seven's job to fight them and find people with incredibly bad luck (such as Amano) and help them improve their fortune, through praying for their problems to be solved at a stone in a forest. By praying like this, they rid the person of the Magatsugami feeding on their sadness and therefore causing their misfortune. Normally, the memory of the person with the Magatsugami would be erased so that the identities of the Seven are not revealed, but this does not work for Amano. In episode 10, Amano and her childhood friends Nene and Mimi transform into Lucky Three (three transforming magical girls similar to the Happy Seven) but Mimi and Nene's memories are erased by Kikunosuke.

Paragraph 27: Molecular signatures in the form of CSIs have also been used to help resolve polyphyletic distribution of three main genera within the family Pasteurellaceae: Actinobacillus, Haemophilus, and Pasteurella. These genera demonstrate extensive polyphyly across the family, however, CSIs have been found to be consistently shared by certain species that form a monophyletic group within each respective genus.  The distribution of CSIs corresponds to sensu stricto clades of "true" Actinobacillus, Haemophilus, and Pasteurella species, respectively. Since they are indicative of common ancestry, it has been postulated that the CSI distribution can be used to determine genus identity, where the species that do not share the CSI may be reclassified as a different genus. CSIs have also been found that are specific for Aggregatibacter and Mannheimia , two clinically relevant genera.

Paragraph 28: Male, female. Forewing length 3.8-4.0 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex and neck tufts shining dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, lined white laterally and medially, collar shining dark greyish brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally, extreme apex white; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white; antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to one-half, in apical half two white rings of two segments separated by two dark brown segments, followed towards apex by six dark brown and eight white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line. Legs: shining dark greyish brown, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one, two and four with whitish apical rings, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with a very oblique white line from base to two-thirds and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with white basal and apical rings, segments two to four with white apical rings and segment five entirely white, spurs white dorsally, brown ventrally. Forewing shining dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, five narrow white lines in the basal area, a short costal from one-third to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base to one-third, distally slightly bending from costa, a medial above fold, from base to the transverse fascia, a subdorsal from one-third to near the transverse fascia, a dorsal from base to the start of the subdorsal, a bright yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with a broad prolongation towards apex, bordered at the inner edge by a tubercular pale golden metallic subcostal spot with a patch of blackish scales on outside, and a similarly coloured but slightly larger subdorsal spot, further from base than the subcostal and not at the inner edge of the transverse fascia, inwardly edged by brownish and blackish scales, at two-thirds of the transverse fascia a small tubercular pale golden costal spot, opposite the costal spot, a similarly coloured but more than twice as large dorsal spot, a white costal streak from the outer costal spot to apex, a shining white apical line from the transverse fascia to apex, cilia dark brown at apex, ochreous-brown towards dorsum. Hindwing shining brownish grey, cilia ochreous-brown. Underside: forewing shining brownish grey, white apical line visible in the cilia, hindwing shining pale grey. Abdomen dorsally shining yellowish brown with reddish gloss, segment six banded whitish posteriorly, ventrally shining white, anal tuft ochreous.

Paragraph 29: Sergio Cresto was born in New York on 19 January 1956. As an Italian American, Cresto lived in Ospedaletti, near Sanremo, away from his brother George A. Cresto in New York. He began racing in an Opel Kadett GT/E with Amedeo Gerbino. In 1979, Cresto was Tonino Tognana's co-driver in a Kadett GT/E, as well as in the more powerful Fiat 131 Abarth two years later. In 1981, Cresto and Tognana came in eight in the Italian Championship. In 1982, Cresto was co-driver with another top driver, Gianfranco Cunico, in a Fiat Ritmo 130, getting good results. The following year, Cresto again changed drivers and ended the season placing three times at the Italian national level: sixth with Michele Cinotto after the third place finishes at Targa Florio and again at Quattro Regioni in a Lancia 037) tenth with Andrea Zanussi (after finishing second at the San Marino Rally in a Lancia 037). With Zanussi, Cresto came in third at Halkidikis as well that year, a European Championship qualifying race. He competed again in the same race the following year with Carlo Capone in a Lancia 037. After a long successful season and a duel with Henri Toivonen and his Porsche, the Italians eventually won the European Championship. After Maurizio Perissinot's accident, Cresto was Attilio Bettega's co-driver for two races qualifying for the World Championship. In 1985, he raced again with Zanussi for Lancia.

Paragraph 30: Julie Burchill attacked the film in The Sunday Times, saying that Leigh's characters talked like lobotomised Muppets: "sub-wittily, the way Diane Arbus's subjects look." And Suzanne Moore in The Guardian criticised the lethargic females whose lives Johnny routinely ruins: "What sort of realism is this? To show a misogynist and surround him with such walking doormats has the effect, intentional or not, of justifying this behaviour." Lesley Sharp responded: "There are a lot of people who don't go to art house cinemas who do have deeply troubled lives and are at risk ... We do actually live in a misogynistic, violent society and there are a lot of women in abusive relationships who find it very difficult to get out of them. And a lot of men, too." Coveney wrote in the film's defence: "Is there no room for irony, for the idea that in depicting horror in the sex war an artist is exposing them, not endorsing them? And who says that Sophie is an unwilling doormat or that Louise is a doormat at all? It is clear that the latter is taking serious stock of her relationship with Johnny. She exhibits both patience and tenderness in her dealings with him, whereas she finally pulls a knife on Jeremy."