Paragraph 1: The Sisters of Charity were the first Order of Nuns to be established in Australia with their convent being founded at Parramatta in 1838. In the late 1890s the Sisters of Charity were seeking to found an order in the Blue Mountains to provide a place of respite for exhausted nuns "where they might find fresh vigour for God's work". It was also noted that there was no Catholic school in or near Katoomba, hence there was an opportunity for the nuns to regain their health and energy whilst conducting their appointed work. The Sisters rented a small cottage close to the Catholic Church and Presbytery in Katoomba and moved in in 1900. A new college called Mount St Mary's opened on the main Street of Katoomba in 1901, and in 1903 Mother Mary Eulalia was appointed Rectress of the college. The Mount St Mary's premises in town eventually proved inadequate for the rapidly increasing student base, so, in 1907, it was decided to purchase substantial acreage to the north of the railway station on which to build a brand new boarding house for girls and convent accommodation for the Sisters. Bridget McGuigan, Julia O'Connor and Helena Bourke of the Congregation of the Sisters of Charity (but denominated on the title deeds as spinsters) purchased the subject site (Lots 26 - 35) from Frank Grimley (The Grimley Subdivision) on 10 June 1907. The site included the cottage known as "The Rocks" (designed by Varney Parkes for John Fletcher M.A.) which was located in the south west corner of the site. The cottage and the lands the Sisters were to purchase are associated with Fletcher who had established a boarding college for boys in the mid 1880s called Katoomba College (later known as the Priory and then The Royal Palace) which was located on the opposite side of the road to where St Mary's now stands. Fletcher had purchased additional lands (future St Mary's lands) presumably to provide land for sporting activities, however, the depression of the 1890s led to the closure of his college and the sale of Lots 26 - 35 to Frank Grimley. When the Sisters made their purchase the land had largely been cleared and was characterised by open paddock with the exception of a number of mature eucalypts and "The Rocks". The following year on 24 June 1908, an additional  were purchased from Frank Grimley adding orchards and vegetable gardens to an already spacious landscape.

Paragraph 2: On 18 December 2012, it was announced that the Welsh Government was interested in buying the airport from its current owners. In 2012, the Airport faced sustained criticism from the First Minister of Wales, Carwyn Jones. On 28 February 2012, Jones announced to the Welsh Assembly: "We would like to see many routes emerging from Cardiff Airport, but the Airport must get its act together... Last week, I went to the Airport and the main entrance was shut. People could not go in through the main entrance; they had to go through the side entrance. It is important that the Airport puts itself in a position where it is attractive to new airlines, and, unfortunately, that is not the case at present." His criticism led to accusations that he was "talking down" Cardiff Airport whilst aviation industry professionals commented that he was unqualified to make such comments. However, Jones returned to this theme on 7 March 2012 saying, "With the condition of the Airport at the moment I would not want to bring people in through Cardiff Airport because of the impression it would give of Wales...I have to say the time has come now for the owners of the Airport to decide to run the Airport properly or sell it."

Paragraph 3: The final plan was to land soldiers from navy ships on the Lebanese coast who would infiltrate into Beirut disguised as tourists, where they would be picked up by Mossad agents waiting for them with rented cars and driven to their targets. Some of the commandos were to be disguised as women (Barak was disguised as a brunette woman). This was at the suggestion of Elazar, who was concerned that a group of men moving through Beirut at midnight would raise suspicion. In addition to the assassination mission, four PLO facilities were to be attacked. To maintain the element of surprise, the apartments of the three targets would have to be breached before the other attacks could begin. Before the mission, the forces trained using similar apartments in northern Tel Aviv. They also practiced cross-dressing and walking around disguised as lovers. Meanwhile, Mossad agents in Beirut gathered additional intelligence for the raid. Nielsen selected the private beach of the Sands Hotel as the landing site since access was restricted to guests and it was close to the hotel's parking lot, where the commandos could be picked up by Mossad agents. Brigadier General Emmanuel Shaked, the commander of the IDF's infantry and paratrooper forces, was placed in overall command of the operation.

Paragraph 4: The ligand GABA is the endogenous compound that causes this receptor to open; once bound to GABA, the protein receptor changes conformation within the membrane, opening the pore in order to allow chloride anions (Cl−) and, to a lesser extent, bicarbonate ions (HCO3−) to pass down their electrochemical gradient. The binding site to GABA is about 80Å away from the narrowest part of the ion channel. Recent computational studies have suggested an allosteric mechanism whereby GABA binding leads to ion channel opening. Because the reversal potential for chloride in most mature neurons is close to or more negative than the resting membrane potential, activation of GABAA receptors tends to stabilize or hyperpolarise the resting potential, and can make it more difficult for excitatory neurotransmitters to depolarize the neuron and generate an action potential. The net effect therefore typically inhibitory, reducing the activity of the neuron, although depolarizing currents have been observed in response to GABA in immature neurons in early development. This effect during development is due to a modified Cl− gradient wherein the anions leave the cells through the GABAA receptors, since their intracellular chlorine concentration is higher than the extracellular. The difference in extracellular chlorine anion concentration is presumed to be due to the higher activity of chloride transporters, such as NKCC1, transporting chloride into cells which are present early in development, whereas, for instance, KCC2 transports chloride out cells and is the dominant factor in establishing the chloride gradient later in development. These depolarization events have shown to be key in neuronal development. In the mature neuron, the GABAA channel opens quickly and thus contributes to the early part of the inhibitory post-synaptic potential (IPSP).

Paragraph 5: After resisting a shakedown from a group of corrupt police detectives, and then subsequently ditching their surveillance, Frank and his crew are involved in a large-scale diamond heist organized by Leo. All goes well with Frank's "burn job" and he is expecting the agreed-upon sum of $830,000 for the unmounted stones with a wholesale value $4 million. But when Frank returns from the job, Leo gives him less than $100,000. This is all that Frank will receive in cash according to Leo, who says he invested the rest of Frank's cut in shopping centers in Fort Worth, Texas and Dallas, Texas, an idea Frank had previously rejected. In addition, Leo sets up a Palm Beach score for Frank in six weeks without consulting him. Frank tells Leo that their deal is over and takes the cash as he leaves, demanding the rest of his money in 24 hours.

Paragraph 6: Sirens and Sailors newest EP entitled Wasteland was released on May 29, 2012, via Tragic Hero Records. Wasteland EP includes six tracks produced by Drew Fulk [At The Skylines] at Think Sound Studios in North Carolina. Regarding this album, vocalist Kyle Bihrle was quoted saying, "We like to say that, "there is a little something for everybody" on this record.  Expect all your favorite aspects of our music to be included.  We bring the heavy, we bring the melodic, and we bring the ferocity." Sirens and Sailors set out on "The Wasteland at Sea" tour (June 2012) in support of this EP. This tour included support from Everyone Dies in Utah and Myka, Relocate. Sirens and Sailors supported headliner Belie My Burial, with additional support from Beheading of a King on the Northeast "Pale Beyond Tour" (July 2012). Sirens and Sailors provided direct support to The World We Knew on an East Coast tour (July–August 2012) with additional support from King Conquer. Sirens and Sailors headlined "The One The Rise Tour"  (October 2012) with support from Us, From Outside and It Lives It Breathes. Sirens and Sailors supported headliner, Affiance with additional support from A Faylene Sky for a "mini-tour" (October–November 2012) through New York, Indiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Sirens and Sailors provided support to headliner, Everyone Dies in Utah with additional support from Affiance and Deception of a Ghost in late November 2012 through the Midwest and West Coast. To begin 2013, Sirens and Sailors provided support to The Air I Breathe on their farewell tour (February 2013), with additional support from For All I Am, Famous Last Words, and This Romantic Tragedy; touring throughout the East Coast and Texas. Sirens and Sailors provided direct support to in Dying Arms on their first headline tour (April–May 2013); covering the East Coast through the Midwest. This tour also featured Mureau and Stand Your Ground. Vocalist Kyle Bihrle provided live guest vocals with Ice Nine Kills on the track "So This Is My Future" on May 25, 2013, at Water Street Music Hall in Rochester, New York. On June 4, 2013, the band announced their signing to Artery Recordings and Razor & Tie. On June 7, 2013, the band announced they would be providing support to August Burns Red, For Today, The Color Morale, My Children My Bride, and Fit For a King at the IMATTER Festival 2013; September 7, 2013, at Eldridge Park, Elmira, NY.

Paragraph 7: The company is engaged in the supply chain management in the consumer electronics sector, electronic manufacturing services (EMS), creation of technology products, as well as property and equity investments. It has four core activities: supply chain management, marketing and brand building; EMS; property holding division, and others. Its brand portfolio includes Apple, Asus, Canon, Casio, Cisco, Fuji, Kodak, Lenovo, Nikon, Nokia, Olympus, Orion, Panasonic, Pentax, Samsung and Sony. Some of the products distributed under these brands include digital video cameras, digital still cameras, plasma televisions, desktop and notebook computers, personal digital assistants, data projectors, electronic accessories, mobile phones and audio products, including Moving Picture Experts Group layer-3 audio/ Moving Picture Experts Group layer-4 audio/ Moving Picture Experts Group layer-5 audio (MP3/MP4/MP5) players. It also creates and markets consumer products under its own brand name, YES.

Paragraph 8:  is a sentient Plant known as "The Humanoid Typhoon" due to the destruction which surrounds him. Wielding a huge silver revolver, he travels from town to town. He is initially discovered by Meryl and Milly, representatives from an insurance agency investigating claims made due to damages caused by the mysterious "Humanoid Typhoon". The pair find Vash while he is being chased by bandits who want to collect the bounty on "The $$60,000,000,000 (sixty billion double dollar) Man". He and his brother, Knives, were born on a colony ship that was part of a fleet sent to find and settle a new world in order to extend the human race. They were raised by Rem, who instilled upon Vash the philosophy that every being deserves life, and Vash now takes this to the extreme by always attempting to save everyone. Knives on the other hand, sickened by the actions of the humans around him, caused the fleet to crash, which killed Rem and many others. Vash has made it his purpose to hunt down and stop Knives from harming anyone else. Vash was forced to destroy the city of July during one of his confrontations with Knives, which haunts him considerably and starts his reputation.

Paragraph 9: The titular mecha of the series. It shows no visible weapons, as it was not built with the intention of being a Metal Fighter in the first place. Instead of that, it relies on a device able to focus a great amount of heat to Red Baron's fists, forearms and legs, giving it the power to pierce through his opponents with ease. It has two finishers attacks: The Electrigger (The Red Baron rises its arms in the air, then places them at the side of its waist as it adopts a Horseman Stance and starts building up power as it prepares to start the attack. Then the technique itself can take many forms: either a single but powerful punch, a barrage of punches, an uppercut when fighting airborne enemies or a forearm strike when equipped with the Forearm Blades, but no matter the variation, it always ends with the Red Baron ramming his arm through his foe and causing them to explode) and the Rolling Thunder (The Red Baron jumps high in the air and starts rolling forward very fast while descending while directing most of his power to either one of its legs, finishing the attack with an axe kick to the enemy's head, causing them to explode). The Red Baron is resistant, if not invulnerable, to fire and high temperatures, rising unscratched when entering in contact with lava. One of the most mysterious facts about the Red Baron is the possibility of it actually being sentient, for example in the first episode it reacts to Ken's presence and only allowing him to pilot it, as well as denying him of the right to pilot it when Ken was acting cocky after winning an important tournament. It also seems to enter some sort of Berserk mode when Ken's own life is at risk or when he has been knocked out while piloting Red Baron. During this mode the Red Baron seems to get a huge power boost and (apparently) even the power to regenerate its damaged part, seen in the fight with the Gold Baron where the Red Baron appears to regenerate a device that was ripped from its chest.

Paragraph 10: Like Cavite City (originally called Cavite La Punta) and Noveleta (La Tierra Alta), Imus used to be a part of Cavite el Viejo (now Kawit), whose parish church was built by the Jesuits during the administration of Archdiocese of Manila Archbishop Miguel Garcia Serrano, 1618–1629. For more than a century and a half the people of Imus had to endure walking or traveling  of dirt road to attend religious services or transact official business in the city proper. The difficulty of communication between Imus and Cavite el Viejo was a long-standing complaint of the Imuseños until another religious order, the Augustinian Recollects, as a consequence of the British occupation of Manila in 1762, established a parish church in Imus, in what is now known as Bayang Luma.

Paragraph 11: "Yolngu Boy is a sensitive but dramatic treatment of the search for identity in modern Australia by three indigenous boys. This is a long overdue film about what it means to be a young indigenous person in Australia today. I hope very many Australians go to see it". Dr David Kemp, Federal Minister for Education, Training and Youth Affairs"...probably the most important Australian film of the year...I wish I could compel every Australian to see it". Peter Thompson, Sunday, Channel 9"This is a terrific contribution to the reconciliation process...The film has great honesty, but will also provide greater understanding of indigenous spirituality and culture. There were some images in the film that will stay with me for some time". Michael Gorton, Co-Chair, Australians for Reconciliation"I could personally relate to it myself. The dream is stronger than the goal". Michael Long, Essendon Football Club"Yolngu Boy is a movie with heart and integrity, but is also insightful, original and intensely compelling". The Hon Peter McGauran MP, Federal Minister for the Arts and the Centenary of Federation"Yolngu Boy is one of the most rewarding films that you are likely to see...This is truly a masterpiece of community spirit and a gift to the world. Don't miss this film, a remarkable insight into contemporary Australia. Five out of five". James Brandis, WA Post"The film, about three teenagers caught between the modern world and their traditional culture, is a visual feast". FOCUS, autumn markets"An edifying film that was both confronting and humbling – a presentation for all Australians to see". The Hon. Philip Ruddock, Minister for Reconciliation and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Affairs"A really impressive film with incredible energy. I think it showed great insight into a culture that white Australians know nothing about". Deb Cox, CoxKnight Productions, Creator SeaChange"Yolngu Boy is realistic and, at times, confronting. It is also an original, beautiful and moving film. It should be seen by all Australians – because it gives us a deeper understanding of indigenous culture and experiences, while still telling a great story". The Hon. Steve Bracks MP, Premier of Victoria."...this estimable fable for the 21st century deserves as wide an audience as possible. A moving drama about lives in the making and battles against the odds, it is also a compelling adventure yarn with a brain". Tom Ryan, Sunday Age"...such an impressive film...you're being presented with parts of Australian life you've never seen before..." Margaret Pomeranz, SBS Movie ShowSoundtrack

Paragraph 12:  Kolkata Urban Agglomeration includes :  Kolkata district: Kolkata (M Corp.), Nadia district: Kalyani (M), Gayespur (M), North 24 Parganas district: Raigachhi (CT), Barasat (M), Madhyamgram (M), Kanchrapara (M),  Nanna (OG), Chakla (OG), Srotribati (OG), Jetia (CT), Halisahar (M), Balibhara (CT), Naihati (M), Noapara (P) (CT), Babanpur (CT), Teghari (CT), Bhatpara (M), Panpur (OG), Kaugachhi (CT), Garshyamnagar (CT), Garulia (M), Ichhapur Defence Estate (CT), North Barrackpur (M), Barrackpur Cantonment (CB), Barrackpur (M), Jafarpur (CT), Ruiya (CT), Titagarh (M), Khardaha (M), Bandipur (CT), Panihati (M), Muragachha (CT), New Barrackpur (M), Chandpur (CT), Talbandha (CT), Patulia (CT), Kamarhati (M), Baranagar (M), South Dum Dum (M), North Dum Dum (M), Dum Dum (M), Rajarhat-Gopalpur (M) [now merged with Bidhannagar (M Corp.)], Bidhannagar (M Corp.), Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (Salt Lake Sector V) (M), West Bengal Housing Infrastructure Development Corp (New Town) (M),  Hooghly district: Dankuni (M Corp) Bansberia (M), Hugli-Chinsurah (M), Bara Khejuria (OG), Shankhanagar (CT),  Amodghata (CT),  Chak Banshberia (CT), Naldanga (CT), Kodalia (CT), Kulihanda (CT), Simla (CT), Dharmapur (CT), Bhadreswar (M), Champdani (M), Chandannagar (M Corp.), Baidyabati (M), Serampore (M), Rishra (M), Rishra (CT), Bamunari (CT), Dakshin Rajyadharpur (CT), Nabagram Colony (CT), Konnagar (M), Uttarpara Kotrung (M), Raghunathpur (PS-Dankuni) (CT), Kanaipur (CT), Keota (CT), Howrah district: Bally (M) [Now merged with Howrah (M Corp.)], Howrah (M Corp.), Bally (CT), Jagadishpur (CT), Chamrail (CT), Eksara (CT), Chakapara (CT), Khalia (CT), Bankra (CT), Nibra (CT), Mahiari (CT), Bipra Noapara (CT), Ankurhati (CT), Kantlia (CT), Salap (CT), Tentulkuli (CT), 83 Argari (CT), Andul (CT), Ramchandrapur (CT), Jhorhat (CT), Hatgachha (CT), Dhuilya (CT), Panchpara (CT), Podara (CT), Banupur (CT), Sankrail (CT), Manikpur (CT), Sarenga (CT), Raghudebbati (CT), Nalpur (CT), Uluberia (M), Chak Srikrishna (OG), Khalisani (CT), Uttar Pirpur (CT), Balarampota (CT), Santoshpur (CT), Domjur (CT), Dakshin Jhapardaha (CT), Makardaha (CT), Khantora (CT), Bhandardaha (CT), Kamranga (CT), Jaypur Bil (CT), South 24 Parganas district: Joka (CT), Chata Kalikapur (CT), Ganye Gangadharpur (CT), Rameswarpur (CT), Asuti (CT), Hanspukuria (CT), Kalua (CT), Ramchandrapur (CT), Samali (CT), Maheshtala (M), Uttar Raypur (CT), Balarampur (CT), Buita (CT), Benjanhari Acharial (CT), Abhirampur (CT), Nischintapur (CT), Birlapur (CT), Chak Kashipur (CT), Chak Alampur (CT), Bowali (CT), Dakshin Raypur (CT), Poali (CT), Pujali (M), Budge Budge (M), Daulatpur (CT), Bhasa (CT), Bishnupur (CT), Kanyanagar (CT), Nahazari (CT), Nadabhanga (CT), Kanganbaria (CT), Bora Gagangohalia (CT), Chanddandaha (CT), Barkalikapur (CT), Patharberia (CT), Ramkrishnapur (CT), Amtala (CT), Kriparampur (CT), Chak Enayetnagar (CT), Maricha (CT), Bhangar Raghunathpur (CT), Gobindapur (CT), Radhanagar (CT), Danga (CT), Ramchandrapur (CT), Bidyadharpur (CT), Kalikapur (CT), Chak Baria (CT), Sahebpur (CT), Rajpur Sonarpur (M), Petua (CT), Garia (CT), Panchghara (CT), Mallikpur (CT), Hariharpur (CT), Champahati (CT), Solgohalia (CT), Naridana (CT), Salipur (CT), Khodar Bazar (CT), Komarhat (CT), Baruipur (M), Raynagar (CT), Kalikapur Barasat (CT), Baharu (CT), Uttarparanij (CT), Alipur (CT), Uttar Durgapur (CT), Jaynagar Majilpur (M).

Paragraph 13: The three main drivers for the team, Andretti, Hunter-Reay, and Hinchcliffe, all returned for 2013. In addition, E. J. Viso was added as a fourth car for the season, in conjunction with HVM Racing. Rookie driver Carlos Muñoz would also drive an entry for the team in the Indy 500. Muñoz and Zach Veach would be the team's drivers in the lower level Indy Lights series. Andretti would also have entries in the Pro Mazda Championship and the U.S. F2000 National Championship, the feeder series to IndyCar (the "Road to Indy").  The season started strong as Hinchcliffe won the season's first race, the Grand Prix of St. Petersburg, his first IndyCar Series victory. In the second race, the Grand Prix of Alabama, Hinchcliffe suffered a breakdown and would be stuck on the side for most of the race watching teammate Hunter-Reay go on to victory to make the team two for two. The streak broke in week three, with both Hinchcliffe and Hunter-Reay exiting the race early. High and low would go on to be a theme for the team that season. Hinchcliffe would go on to win two more races, but a variety of mechanical problems would see him finish the year eighth. Hunter-Reay would have a similar season, winning two races but finishing the season a disappointing seventh following his 2012 championship. Conversely, Andretti would stay near the top of the standings for most of the season after starting by finishing no worse than 7th in seven of his first eight races, but after two early third-place finishes, he would not see the podium the remainder of the year and finished the season in 5th place. Viso, meanwhile who came into the team with a reputation for being involved in collisions, showed flashes of success, including a fourth-place finish at Milwaukee, but had only two top-ten finishes, a fifth and a ninth, in his final eight races, before dropping out of the season finale stating he had food poisoning. He was replaced for the race by Carlos Muñoz. Muñoz provided a thrill for the team in the Indy 500, taking second place in his first-ever start in the IndyCar series.

Paragraph 14: In April 2008, private nurse Janet Ketring appears in Llanview, helping Lee Ramsey care for a bedridden and amnesiac Marty Saybrooke. Ramsey is killed and Todd Manning secretly takes custody of Marty, who all of Llanview believes had been killed in an explosion in December 2007. Todd coerces Janet to continue tending to Marty under his employ. For the sum of $1 million, Janet also agrees to keep Marty's existence a secret. Neither Marty nor Janet are aware that Todd had raped Marty over a decade before. Seeking absolution for his crimes against Marty at any cost, Todd lies about their relationship as well as the existence of Marty's son. During a conversation with Todd, Janet reveals that she is estranged from her loved ones and claims she is "dead to them." Llanview Police Detective John McBain discovers that Janet is, in fact, Lee Halpern. He uses this information to try to pressure Janet into revealing that her mystery patient is, as he now suspects, the presumed-dead Marty. Janet is horrified to hear from John that Todd had raped Marty and is keeping her from her son. Janet confronts Todd, who also knows her true identity and threatens to expose her unless she continues to keep his secret. He soon forces her to assist him in his intended kidnapping of his unborn grandchild. Todd calls off the plan, but his mentally ill niece Jessica Buchanan switches her own stillborn baby girl with the new-born daughter of Todd's daughter Starr Manning. With Starr's baby believed dead, Janet leaves Llanview on November 11, 2008, but reappears on Renee Buchanan's doorstep on January 9, 2009, desperate for sanctuary. Janet fears prosecution and Todd's wrath, but soon agrees to cooperate with the authorities. Todd catches her wearing a wire, but Janet is kept in protective custody. Todd publishes an exposé on Janet in his newspaper, The Sun, to sabotage her credibility before the upcoming trial. Terrified that one of the people she had conned will come after her, Janet escapes police custody. Todd discovers Janet stabbed to death on his living room floor on January 30, 2009. Believing that Todd is innocent but realizing that he would be blamed, Téa confesses to the police that she had stabbed Janet in selfdefense, and Janet's body is taken away. Powell Lord III later confesses to the murder, as part of his plan to punish anyone who has hurt Marty and punish Todd.

Paragraph 15: The outbreak of War put an end to his career in local government. In anticipation of a Soviet invasion and the consequent occupation of the Wilno region - moves which were the fulfillment of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, Stanisław made his way through the still autonomous Lithuania. He hoped to reach France from there, and join the fight against Germany. It was not easy despite the fact that he had a valid French visa. The Lithuanian Government, in an attempt to ingratiate themselves with the Nazi government, banned all young people from leaving the country. Everybody knew that young person would try to join the Polish Army which was just being formed in France, in order to continue fighting against Hitler. Using his quick wits and a false medical certificate of tuberculosis (given to him by a friendly doctor from Kaunas), he overcome many obstacles, travelling through Latvia, Estonia and Sweden. In November 1939 he arrived in France and on 18 December 1939 signed up as a soldier of the Polish Army. His army identity document bears the number 3138, and the date 30 December 1939. He served in the Armée Polonaise first as a lieutenant commanding a platoon of grenadiers, and then as an aide-de-camp (adjutant). Finally, he was promoted as Commander of the Headquarters of the 6th Regiment of the 2nd Division of Infantry. His division had a chance to fight the enemy, but after its defeat at Maîche, the division was given orders to cross the border to Switzerland. Once there, the soldiers were sent to an internment camp. After only a week, Stanisław Radziwon secretly left the camp for France in an attempt to reach Great Britain and pursue his fight against the Nazis. He vividly described his dramatic escapades and ordeals, in stories published in Wiadomości (published in Scotland) [1]. After many ups and downs he reached Paris, where he hid in a convent. He was able to obtain forged French identity documents and bicycled all the way to the Pyrenees, helped on his way by friendly local people. There he met smuggler who had been recommended to him and was led by him through the mountains to the outskirts of San Sebastian in Spain. However, the Guardia Civil arrested and imprisoned him and later sent him by train to France again. He escaped from the train, only to be arrested by the Gestapo. Sentenced to death, he miraculously escaped with his life. Relentlessly, he forced his way to Spain again and then to Portugal, where in July 1941 he received his Polish passport from the Legacio da Polonia (Rua das Amoreiras 105 in Lisbon). The passport was issued by the Consular Section in Bern, Switzerland. On 5 August 1941 he received a British visa. The document declared: ‘Permitted to land in the United Kingdom on condition that the holder reports at once to the Polish Army headquarters in the United Kingdom and is subject to such further conditions as the Secretary of State may at any time impose’. In a secret British military operation he and other volunteers were then transported from the coast to a boat and then sailed to Gibraltar. He waited six weeks in Gibraltar and finally arrived in Great Britain on 17 October 1941. The next day he was officially drafted into the Army.  After lengthy training in England he was sent to Scotland, where in 1943 he joined the 2nd Infantry Battalion, commonly called the ‘Tartan Lions’.

Paragraph 16: At the start of World War I, the head office was temporarily relocated to Bordeaux, but returned to the capital in November 1914. Both shortly before and after the war, the CIC further strengthened its network outside of Paris by acquiring a 60% majority stake in the  in October 1913, a 11% stake in the  in May 1914, and a 22% stake in the  in April 1921. In 1919, the CIC also acquired a 29.5% stake in the  in Caen (est. 1913), and in November 1919 created a majority-owned subsidiary, the , whose head office was relocated to Strasbourg in March 1922. Also in November 1919, it took a 25% stake in the Banque Dupont in Valenciennes (est. 1819), and in 1920 a 33% stake in the Banque Scalbert in Lille (est. 1838). The CIC further developed this strategy of stake-building when financial stress hit several regional banks in subsequent years. It took a 33% stake in  in June 1924, a 20% stake in  (est. 1913) in December 1924, a 28% stake in  in September 1926, a 33% stake in  (BRO, est. 1913) in 1927, and a stake in  in 1930. In 1929, the CIC created a central body for its regional banks, the . By then, it was the fifth-largest French bank by assets, behind the Crédit Lyonnais, Société Générale, Comptoir national d'escompte de Paris, and Banque Nationale de Crédit. The CIC's participation in bank restructurings in the early 1930s strengthened the , which renamed itself Crédit Industriel d'Alsace et de Lorraine (CIAL) in May 1931, and the . In June 1931 the CIC also created the , of which it owned 80% of equity, but sold it in 1937 to the . In March 1932, the CIC engineered the merger of its ,  and  to form the  (CIN), which also absorbed the  in March 1935. In August 1936, the CIC sold most of its majority stake in the .

Paragraph 17: These examples of applications took place during the 2018 Advanced Naval Technology exercises, in August at the Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Newport. The first example of unmanned underwater vehicles was displayed by Northrop Grumman with their air drop sonobuoy's from a fire scout aircraft. Throughout the demonstration the company used the: e Iver3-580 (Northrop Grumman AUV) to display their vehicles ability to sweep for mines, while also displaying their real-time target automated recognition system. Another company, Huntington Ingalls Industries, presented their version of an unmanned underwater vehicle named Proteus. The Proteus is a dual-mode undersea vehicle developed by Huntington and Battelle, the company during the presentation displayed their unmanned underwater vehicle capabilities by conducting a full-kill demonstration on sea bed warfare. During the demonstration the vehicle utilized a synthetic aperture sonar which was attached to both the port and starboard of the craft, which allowed the unmanned underwater vehicle to identify the targets placed underwater and to ultimately eliminate them. Ross Lindman (director of operations at the company's technical solution's fleet support group) stated that "The big significance of this is that we ran the full kill chain". "We ran a shortened version of an actual mission. We didn’t say, ‘Well we’re doing this part and you have to imagine this or that.’ We ran the whole thing to illustrate a capability that can be used in the near term." The final demonstration for unmanned underwater vehicles was displayed by General Dynamics, the company showcased their cross-domain multi-platform UUV through a theater simulating warfare planning tool. Through the utilization of this simulation, they showed a Littoral combat ship along with two unmanned underwater vehicles. The goal of this exercise was to demonstrate the communication speed between the operator and the UUV. James Langevin, D-R.I., ranking member on the House Armed Services Committee’s subcommittee on emerging threats, stated in regard to this exercise "What this is all driving to is for the warfare commander to be able to make the decisions that are based on what he thinks is high-confidence input quicker than his adversary can," he said. "That’s the goal — we want to be able to … let them make warfare-related decisions quicker than anybody else out there." These exercises were conducted to showcase the applications of unmanned underwater vehicles within the military community, along with the innovations each company created to better suite these specific mission types.

Paragraph 18: McMurray's entry into Cup racing did not go as planned. McMurray was scheduled to drive a limited schedule in a No. 42 Chip Ganassi Racing Dodge in 2002, in preparation for a full-time 2003 rookie of the year campaign in the No. 42 with new sponsor Texaco/Havoline. However, he was instead tapped as interim replacement for injured Ganassi Cup driver Sterling Marlin, who fractured a vertebra in a crash at Kansas Speedway. Thus, McMurray made his Cup debut in the No. 40 Coors Light Dodge at Talladega. One week later, at Charlotte, in just his second career NASCAR Winston Cup and first non-restrictor plate start, McMurray outraced the Joe Gibbs Racing Pontiacs of Bobby Labonte and Tony Stewart to win the UAW-GM Quality 500. McMurray had been consistent the entire night, and led 96 of the final 100 laps to score the win. It is considered one of the biggest upsets in NASCAR history. This win set a modern-era record for fewest starts before a win (which has since been tied only by Trevor Bayne in the 2011 Daytona 500), and it was also the first time a driver won in their first start at a 1.5-mile track. McMurray drove for six of the remaining seven races, except for the Old Dominion 500 at Martinsville, with Mike Bliss driving as scheduled in the No. 40.

Paragraph 19: The following night, Hikage sees Aya suffering from a nightmare. He holds her to try and comfort her, but immediately hears screaming coming from the forest. He rushes to the source of the screaming only to find Taichi and one of the Takeda ninja he spoke with earlier dead, along with another badly injured Takeda ninja. A spider yōma attacks, but Hikage uses shuriken to drive it off, seeing a brief, transparent vision of Marou in the yōma's wake. Before dying, the injured ninja reveals that Marou is a "child born of the ground" and that everyone in the Takeda village knew about it, but never discussed it. Left with this mystery, Hikage confronts Aya with Taichi's death, only for her to deny it. When Aya goes to her house to store some water, she hears Ito's voice asking her to do her a favor that night. Hikage goes down to the riverbank to find that the bodies of Taichi and the dead ninja, along with the bloodstains and weapons, have disappeared without explanation. Hikage hears Aya singing unusually late that night and goes to investigate. He finds Aya being held in a different spider yōma's mandibles and attacks it. It drops Aya, but soon runs away with Hikage in pursuit. He arrives at the temple and finds the priest from the waterfall standing before him on the path. He tells Hikage that he is erasing the villager's memories in order to ripen them for Kikuga no Miko's (the demon lord yōma of the land) revival after revealing the fact that he was the spider yoma from before. On the verge of death from a short battle, the priest/yōma warns Hikage about the suicide of the entire village should he die, which Hikage proceeds to kill him anyway. Aya wakes up and remembers how she got her scar, the priest's spell having worn off when he died. It was assumed that she drowned herself. Hikage finds a seemingly unconscious Ito and rushes to her aide. However, she wakes up and restrains Hikage but he was able to kill her also. Hikage enters the shrine and destroys the buddha statue to reveal an egg that he quickly cuts open. The egg opens to reveal Marou feasting on Taichi's severed head. A speechless Hikage approaches him, but Marou attacks him, causing the entire building to come crashing down. Outside, a fully dressed Marou walks away, giving the broken building a final glance before departing.

Paragraph 20: The region of Cuyo has an arid climate or a semi-arid climate with an average annual precipitation of about  that is generally unreliable from year to year. The region, which encompasses a wide range of latitudes combined with elevations ranging from 500 m to nearly 7,000 m means that it has a diverse range of different climates. In general, most of the region has a temperate climate with higher elevation valleys having a more milder climate. At the highest elevations (over 4,000 m), icy conditions persist year round.  The diurnal range is very large with very hot temperatures during the day followed by cold nights. Amongst all locations in Argentina, the region has the largest diurnal range in the country with areas in San Juan Province having a diurnal range exceeding . The Andes prevent rain–bearing clouds from the Pacific Ocean from coming in, while its latitude puts it in a band of the sub-tropical high pressure belt keeping this region dry. With very low humidity, abundant sunshine throughout the year, and a temperate climate, the region is suitable for wine production. Droughts are often frequent and prolonged. The Cuyo region is influenced by the subtropical, semi–permanent South Atlantic anticyclone to the east in the Atlantic, the semi-permanent South Pacific anticyclone to the west of the Andes, the development of a low pressure system ("Chaco low") over northern Argentina and westerlies in the southern parts of the region. Most of the precipitation falls during the summer, when hot temperatures and high insolation lead to the development of a low pressure system ("Chaco low") situated over northern Argentina that interacts with the South Atlantic anticyclone to generate a pressure gradient that brings moist easterly winds to the region, favouring precipitation, which mostly occurs in the form of convective thunderstorms. More than 85% of the annual rainfall occurs from October to March, which represents the warm season. In contrast, the winter months are dry due to these systems weakening, and the lower insolation that weakens the Chaco low over northern Argentina. Eastern and southeastern areas of the region receive more precipitation than the western areas since they receive more summer rainfall. As such, most of Mendoza province and San Juan province receive the lowest annual precipitation with mean summer precipitation averaging less than  and in rare cases, no summer rainfall. Further eastwards in San Luis province, mean summer rainfall averages around  and can exceed  in some areas. Higher elevation locations receive precipitation in the form of snow during the winter months. In the Cuyo region, annual precipitation is highly variable from year to year and appears to follow a cycle between dry and wet years in periods of about 2, 4–5, 6–8, and 16–22 years. In wet years, easterly winds caused by the subtropical South Atlantic anticyclone are stronger, which causes more moisture towards this region while during the dry years, these winds are weaker.

Paragraph 21: After the outbreak of hostilities on 19 December 1946, the French Union forces had made significant progress by capturing the cities of Haiphong, Hanoi, Lạng Sơn, Cao Bằng and most of the western and southern regions of Tonkin, which was the stronghold of the Việt Minh movement. The reasons for the fast advance were the superior firepower, naval and air support of the French forces. The main force of the Việt Minh was nearly surrounded by the French in the eastern part of Tonkin. There remained only a greater gap between the towns of Cao Bằng in the north and Yên Bái in the south. During April 1947 Ho Chi Minh made a last attempt to achieve a ceasefire and to continue the independence negotiations with the French government from 1946. The French only demanded his surrender, because the position of the Vietnamese forces seemed to be desperate. On 26 April, Ho refused the French, offering: "In the French Union is no place for cowards. I would be one, if I would accept." During the spring and the summer, the French attacked the bases of the Việt Minh troops in Tonkin but could not bring them to battle; the Việt Minh returned when the French moved on.

Paragraph 22: One of the Kirunda textile factories where Mr. Batte, Sanyu's dad works as a foreman, gets damaged in a fire. Nalweyiso, Sanyu's step-mum, forces her to sign a contract she hasn't read through.This was a contract to work for the Kirundas as a maid. Litle did she know, life with the Kirundas was much more complicated than it appeared. At the Kirundas', Sanyu finds the complicated family that owns Kirunda House of Designs.The youngest son of the family, Oscar Gume falls for her and she reciprocates his feelings although she tries to hide it. She later helps troublesome Melissa, youngest daughter of Linda Kirunda with her outfit that appears on a magazine cover. While the rest of the maids, Karungi, Nanziri & Kakai enjoy Francis Kirunda's company, Sanyu doubts he's a good husband as she had earlier seen him in the company of Patience who Sanyu suspects to be his mistress. This is later proven right when Francis goes to meet Patience in a hotel room who then threatens to expose the truth to the media .To stop this, Francis takes her home which annoys Linda and she fights with Patience causing her to stress out and leads her into drinking. However, Sanyu stops her from consuming alcohol by advising her to draw and take orange juice instead. Patience lies about carrying Francis's baby but Sanyu overhears her talking to a doctor to forge scans. Later, Oscar sees Sanyu's designs which are amazing and suggests they are used in Kirunda house of designs. Later, Sanyu encounters Oscar's fiancée Kirabo who, out of insecurity, instantly hates her and yet her brother Pius falls for her. Kirabo later leaves Oscar at the altar and runs with business tycoon, Steve. Meanwhile, the eldest son of the house, Patrick together with his wife Lucy attempt to steal Linda's assets but are unsuccessful. Sanyu and Linda partner and create designs preparing for a fashion show. Lucy, with maid Karungi's help steals designs from Linda and makes the exact same clothes and signs up to compete in the show.He models go first and she is alter devastated when Linda's models are wearing completely different designs made by Sanyu hence Linda wins.But as the police arrest Lucy for theft, she accuses Sanyu of giving the designs to her causing her imprisonment when none not even Linda believes her.She loses her job and meets her friend ,Atwine who started out as an enemy but after Sanyu saves her, they become good friends.Sanyu gets bailed out by her dad and she alter gets a job at Lightning company of designs where her boss,George falls for her and her designs.George is Oscar's cousin.Later, Patrick starts drug abuse due to stress from Lucy and Lucy desperately wants a child yet she bears curses of her abandoned child Kule.In an attempt to prove her innocence to the Kirundas about the theft ,Sanyu gets two identities Sanyu & Sasha whereby Sanyu is George's assistant and Sasha is Oscar's assistant.

Paragraph 23: The first mentions of the home in Lubomierz were recorded in 1398. The number of family estates, starting with Gdów and Szczyrzyca which the family also possessed in the 13th century, increased significantly. In the 17th and 18th centuries they were located in Lubomierz, Nowy Wiśnicz, Bochnia, Wieliczka, Łańcut, Baranów Sandomierski, Puławy, Rzeszów, Równe, Tarnów, Jarosław, Przeworsk, and Janowiec upon the Vistula, among others. To this day, the castle in Nowy Wiśnicz has been the property of the Family Association of the Princes Lubomirski. Many estates were located in the territories of the largest Polish cities: Warsaw (e.g. Mokotów, Ujazdów, Czerniaków), Kraków (Wola Justowska, Kamienica Pod Baranami), Rzeszów (castle), Sandomierz, and Lvov. Maintaining foreign residences in Drezno, Vienna, and Paris enhanced family prestige. The members of the family were referred to as "the owners of the bank of the Dnieper River" because many of their estates were located in what is now Ukraine and Slovakia. The Lubomirski family enjoyed political, military, and economic influence, which was concentrated in the provinces of Kraków, Sandomierz, Stanisławów, and Ruthenia, to eventually cover the whole area of the Commonwealth of the Two Nations. They kept this state of ownership until the collapse of the Polish state, when they were deprived of many estates as a result of penalties for pro-independence activities.

Paragraph 24: Bellamy is primarily a rock 'n' roll and country-and-western singer. In the late 1950s, he played in a band and later a duo with Alan Klein. Bellamy decided to audition for a group formed by Joe Meek that was advertised in the music press. It was this audition that determined that Bellamy would play rhythm guitar for the Tornados, who were firstly a session band for Meek. However, the group reached new heights with their instrumental "Telstar", which reached number one all over the world and was the first British rock song to be a number-one single in the United States. Bellamy wrote one of The Tornados' tracks, "Ridin' the Wind", which also was a hit single in the USA.

Paragraph 25: On November 10 in Korakuen Hall, Nakamura was renamed to Ben-K, based on the legend of 12th century warrior monk Saitō Musashibō Benkei. In his first match as Ben-K, he and Shun Watanabe (now known as Shun Skywalker) lost to Jimmy Susumu and Jimmy Kagetora. On December 25 at Final Gate 2016, he got his first title shot in Dragon Gate, pairing up with Kotoka and Masato Yoshino to challenge for the Open the Triangle Gate Championship in a three-way match won by the Jimmyz (Jimmy Kanda, Jimmy Susumu and Ryo "Jimmy" Saito). In early 2017, Naruki Doi and Big R Shimizu made a call to the entire roster, looking for a third man to help them challenge for the Triangle Gate belts. Ben accepted, and on March 20, they defeated VerserK (Shingo Takagi, T-Hawk and "brother" Yasshi) to win the vacant titles. On May 4, Doi and Yoshino announced the formation of their new stable, known as "MaxiMuM", with Kotoka, Big R Shimizu and Ben-K announced as the members, along with themselves. During May, Ben-K took part in his first King of Gate tournament, but struggled greatly, earning just one win over Yosuke♥Santa Maria. On July 1, MaxiMuM dropped the Triangle Gate titles to VerserK (Shingo Takagi, El Lindaman and Takashi Yoshida). On November 3 at the Gate of Destiny, Ben-K and Big R Shimizu, who called themselves "Big Ben", unsuccessfully challenged Cima and Dragon Kid for the Open the Twin Gate Championship. On February 11, 2018, he received a non-title singles match against then Open the Dream Gate Champion Masaaki Mochizuki, in which he dominated and beat the champion in just over two minutes. After the match, he challenged Mochizuki to a match for the Dream Gate title, which was accepted and set up for March 4 at Champion Gate in Osaka. After 23 minutes, Ben-K lost a hard-fought bout by referee's decision and failed to capture the title. On May 6 at Dead or Alive, Big Ben won the Twin Gate championships, defeating Antias (Eita and T-Hawk). Ben-K once again entered the King of Gate tournament in 2018 and fared much better than the previous year. He earned 5 points, however, a loss to Yamato eliminated him. On July 22 at Kobe World Pro Wrestling Festival, Big Ben lost the Twin Gate titles to Tribe Vanguard (BxB Hulk and Yamato) and not long after Big R Shimizu turned his back on MaxiMuM and joined heel unit Antias, effectively breaking up Big Ben. However, the break-up would not last long, as on September 6 in Korakuen, Ben-K himself turned heel for the first time in his career, betraying MaxiMuM to join Antias with Big R.

Paragraph 26: Also known as "Fault" or "Defect". When held steady or flashing, it means that a trouble condition exists on the panel.  Trouble conditions are often activated by a contaminated smoke detector or an electrical problem within the system.  Trouble conditions are also activated by a zone being disabled, a circuit or NAC being disabled, low power on the backup battery, disabling of a notification appliance, ground faults, or short or open circuits.  Usually the alarm panel's sounder will activate if a trouble condition exists, though older systems would sometimes activate a bell or other audible signal connected to the panel.  In a trouble condition, the panel displays the zone or devices causing the condition. Usually, the "Trouble" indicator goes out automatically when the situation causing the trouble condition is rectified; however in some systems the panel must be manually reset to clear the trouble alarm. Some panels have more specific indicators such as "Trouble-PSU" which shows when the panel itself is compromised, and "Trouble-Bell" or "NAC Trouble" ("Sounder Fault" on UK panels) which shows that the notification appliances are not functioning or connected correctly. On most panels, an acknowledge button is pressed to turn off the panel's sounder.

Paragraph 27: The first minister was appointed in 1702 was Joseph Twemlow, who was born in Cheshire in 1673. The first record of his pastorate was to baptize Hannah Harper on 7 June 1702. He also opened a school in his own house in 1715 for teaching poor children of Protestant Dissenters in the Dursley area in Water Street, where it provided education for local children for the next hundred and seventy two years. After this it became the Twemlow Trust, giving grants to children and young people to help with their education and training. Retiring in 1738 and died on 22 August 1740 aged 67 and is buried in the churchyard. Nicholas Martyn became the next pastor in 1738, and received the annual sum of £40. In 1745, he was succeeded by Hornblower, who was ordained in 1745 and whose ministry ended in 1766. The next minister was Rev Perry Bartlett from 1767. Bartlett stayed until 1771 when he was succeeded by William Billingsley in 1772, but Billingsley died of tuberculosis in 1776. Rev John Thomas became pastor and served for forty years. In 1806, he married Miss Mary Dyer of Cromhall. Thomas died in 1816 and his wife in 1840. Rev Thomas Griffiths succeeded Thomas and oversaw the completion of the renovation and remodelling of the chapel in June 1818. Rev C. Thomas, who had been pastor of North Nibley Tabernacle, succeeded Griffiths and  was joined in the pastorate by Andrew Gazard in 1842. Thomas died in 1861, and Gazard continued as pastor and bought the land for the Quarry Independent Chapel at the cost of £14 and oversaw the building being built for £130 and opened in 1852. Gazard died on 22 August 1869, and he was succeeded by Rev James Williams in 1871. Williams stayed in ministry for twenty-one years, during which time a new Sweetland organ from Bath was installed at the cost of £200 in 1881. He resigned his pastorate in 1893. In 1894, Rev David Truss of the New Metropolitan Tabernacle, London, became pastor and lived in the old Manse in Lower Cam. He attended the foundation stone-laying ceremony of the new church classrooms of that year; these classrooms were opened on May Day 1895. On 28 May 1905, Truss ended his time as pastor. Owen Griffiths became pastor in March 1907, encouraging the membership to sign the Temperance Book and take "The Pledge" to abstain from all intoxicating drinks. He resigned his pastorate in 1919.

Paragraph 28: Djedefhor enters the palace and goes immediately to his father, king Khufu. The prince says: “May thy majesty live, be blessed and being prosperous! I have brought Djedi to you!” Khufu replies: “Go and bring him to me!” Then Khufu takes place in the royal audience-hall. The Pharaoh receives Djedi with the words: “What is it, Djedi, this denying to have seen you ever before?” Djedi answers: “Oh sovereign, my lord! Only the one who is summoned is one who will come. I was summoned, and now see, oh sovereign, my lord, I have come.” The pharaoh continues: “Is it true, this talk-about that you could mend a severed head?” Djedi says: “Yes, oh sovereign, my lord. May you live, be blessed and prosperous. I know how to do that.” Khufu replies: “May a prisoner, who is jailed, be brought to me, so that his execution may be enforced.”. Djedi refuses with the words: “Not to make a human suffer, oh sovereign, my lord! May you live, be blessed and prosperous. You see, it was never allowed to do something like that on the noble flock.” Djedi chooses three animals instead - first a goose. He decapitates the goose and places her head at the eastern side of the audience hall, the body at the western side. Then Djedi utters a secret spell and the head of the goose stands up, starting to waddle. Then the body of the goose stands up and waddles, too. Both body-parts move into equal directions, then melt together. The resurrected goose now leaves the hall cackling. The same performance is done with an undefined water bird and a bull. Both animals are brought successfully back to life, too. Now the king says: “It is said that you know the number of Iput inside the wenet-sanctuary of Thoth. Now?” Djedi replies: “May you be praised, oh sovereign, my lord! I don't know their number. But I know where they can be found.” Khufu asks: “Where is it?” Djedi answers: “There is a box of scrolls, made of flint, which is stored in a room called ‘archive’ at Heliopolis.” The king orders: “Take that box!” Djedi replies: “May your highness be prosperous and blessed, I'm not the one who can bring it to you.” Khufu asks: “Who may be the one who could bring it to me?” Djedi answers: “The eldest of the three children in the womb of Rededjet, he will bring it to you.” The king says: “I really wish all these things you say. Who is it, this Rededjet?” Djedi replies: “It's the wife of a wab-priest of the god Ra, lord of Sachebu. The god has adumbrated, that the eldest of the three shall worship as a high priest of Heliopolis over the whole realm.” The king's mood becomes grim after this. Djedi asks: “What is that heart of thine, oh sovereign, my lord, becoming so sad! Is it because of the children I have adumbrated? First your son, then his son and then one of them.” Khufu replies: “When will this Rededjet give birth?” Djedi says: “It will happen during the first month of the peret-season, on the fifteenth day.″ Khufu becomes indignant: “But it's when the canal-of-two-Mugilidae is cut off!? I would even work with my very own hands to enter them! And then I will visit that temple of Ra, lord of Sachebu.” And Djedi says: “Then I will make the waters at the fordable spots of the canal-of-two-Mugilidae become four cubits in height for you.” Khufu stands up and orders: “Have Djedi assigned to a place within the palace of my son Djedefhor where he shall live from now on. His daily gainings be 1000 loaves of bread, 100 jars of beer, one neat and 100 bundles of field garlic.” And all things are done as ordered.

Paragraph 29: Three women fight against rules; Claire's struggle with alcohol and her fragile consistency, Bridget's courage (abused by Claire's fearsome husband once) being a prostitute and face the sexual harassment of the dirty and dominant Sheriff Jake and finally Maxine with her courage and strong character in several memorial scenes; for example: Threatening Jake with death if necessary in order to stop the cruel execution of her husband, do the same with "The Kid" when he tries to steal a coin and when finding the kidnapped widows by the corrupt "Pinkerton" cowboys, rescue a poor wounded Claire (whipped by John and tortured with thermal water by David), neutralize the blond cowboy John with one shot after giving him a chance to regret and force the other cowboy David to disrobe, strip and disappear and threaten to kill him if he doesn't what Mrs. Thornton says: Flee embarrassed totally naked into the desert and hiding amongst rocks in the night (who desperately meets the preacher and his group of Mexican partners; Roberto and Segundo, the next day and after making fun of him, is killed in cold blood by the Hangman in a single shoot). Claire recovers from her injuries and together the three women set off for Jerico again when they met "The Kid" who guides them to a cave and steals their expensive horse. These women find refuge in the tavern of a dear friend of Bridget's (Madame Dubois) until they are found by Jake who offers them a deal in search of the money. Claire escapes at dawn while Maxine and Bridget go looking for her, find her, and they are helped by "The Stranger" who turns out to be just another "Thornton" in search of fortune. The women finally face the powerful in a final battle in which slow characters do not survive in the hot desert climate, as Roberto, who is mortally wounded by The Preacher's men and his brother-in-law (Segundo) who is neutralized by Claire while trying to kidnap her and Bridget. Women face horrible enemies to defeat especially against rivals as dashing as the old preacher or hangman; so bloody and wicked as to enjoy the sorrows of others, betray, kill and humiliate one of the "Pinkerton" cowboys leaving his naked body (David) ready for coyotes in the desert afternoon, beat "The Stranger" in a ramshackle cabin being challenged, use the God's word at his convenience, publicly make fun of "The Thornton" and torture them, intimidate the widows, retain Maxine (who defends herself and confronts him with an iron weapon) neutralize with a lethal shot the banker Van Damn (who throughout history is seen suffering the loss of his beloved Greta and thirsty for revenge and money) after confessing that he buried Greta with the three "Thornton" 'Bandidos ' in a dirty cave, to be finally neutralized by the wild Bridget.

Paragraph 30: Latter Day Saint scripture teaches that a person may also be called through their lineage, so that they have a legal right to a priesthood office.  The Doctrine and Covenants (D&C) teaches that descendants of Aaron have legal right to the priesthood: "And if they be literal descendants of Aaron, they have a legal right to the bishopric, if they are the firstborn among the sons of Aaron."  In a revelation recorded by Joseph Smith,  recorded in the D&C, he was promised his lineage would have the priesthood: "Therefore, thus saith the Lord unto you, with whom the priesthood hath continued through the lineage of your fathers—For ye are lawful heirs, according to the flesh, and have been hid from the world with Christ in God—Therefore your life and the priesthood have remained, and must needs remain through you and your lineage until the restoration of all things spoken by the mouths of all the holy prophets since the world began."