Paragraph 1: A wigwam, wickiup, wetu (Wampanoag), or wiigiwaam (Ojibwe,  in syllabics: ) is a semi-permanent domed dwelling formerly used by certain Native American tribes and First Nations people and still used for ceremonial events. The term wickiup  is generally used to refer to these kinds of dwellings in the Southwestern United States and Western United States and Northwest Alberta, Canada, while wigwam  is usually applied to these structures in the Northeastern United States as well as Ontario and Quebec in central Canada. The names can refer to many distinct types of Indigenous structures regardless of location or cultural group. The wigwam is not to be confused with the Native Plains tipi, which has a different construction, structure, and use.

Paragraph 2: As they explore Edward Mansion, Ashley and D begin to learn the history behind the Edward family, who are rumored to have all died one after the other, resulting in the island's name. At the same time, they begin to unravel the mystery surrounding Ashley's father, Richard, and their invitation to the island. Ashley eventually discovers that her mother, Sayoko, was murdered on the night of her third birthday, her recurring nightmare being a vague memory of that night. She also learns about "Another", a device with the ability to replace someone's real memories with false ones, which was created by Ashley's parents while they worked as memory researchers at MJ Labs. Its purpose was to help those who have PTSD and other forms of psychological trauma, by replacing their traumatic memories. Richard has the memory of being Sayoko's murderer and suspects his memory was replaced. During his time alone on Blood Edward he had developed "Another II", which allowed someone's true memories to be verified and returned, and locked it to the DAS, allowing only Ashley to activate it. After she activates "Another II", Ashley is relieved to find out that her father's true memory of the night of her mother's murder was, indeed, altered to make him remember shooting her mother. She returns his real memory of that night.

Paragraph 3: February 6 Nationalists start a powerful offensive in the Jarama Valley. Nationalist General Orgaz is in command of around 40,000 troops, most of them Spanish Foreign Legion and Moroccan cavalry, supported by anti-tank artillery, two battalions of German-operated heavy machine guns (German ground troops under the command of the Condor Legion), German-operated tanks and planes (Condor Legion), and 600 Blueshirts under the command of the right-wing Eoin O'Duffy. The Nationalists want to cut the main Madrid-Valencia highway. General Pozas, commander of the new Central Army of the Republic, is planning his own offensive against the Nationalist line and is therefore massing men and material in the same area. Due to their own planned offensive, the Republicans fail to fortify their high ground, and the Nationalist offensive takes them completely by surprise. The hills are quickly lost, as are the two principal bridges. The Republican guards on the bridges are killed in the night by Moorish commando units. The guards on the Pindoque Bridge manage to mine the bridge during the attack, but it remains usable for enemy tanks and trucks. Citizens flee Málaga. About 100,000 people begin a disorganized mass exodus along the coastal road to Almería. The road is blocked by slow vehicles and wounded people; for the next two weeks, the Nationalist air force and navy bomb the road at will. German warships of the Non-Intervention Committee participate in the shelling, sometimes in the presence of Royal Navy vessels which do nothing to intervene. (Until the 1960s, truck drivers continued to find skeletons of those who fled Málaga in February 1937)

Paragraph 4: The "Lake Poet School" (or 'Bards of the Lake', or the 'Lake School') was initially a derogatory term ("the School of whining and hypochondriacal poets that haunt the Lakes", according to Francis Jeffrey as reported by Coleridge) that was also a misnomer, as it was neither particularly born out of the Lake District, nor was it a cohesive school of poetry. The principal members of the 'group' were William Wordsworth, Samuel Taylor Coleridge and Robert Southey. Dorothy Wordsworth was an auxiliary member who was unpublished during her lifetime (her journals, letters, and poems were published posthumously), but she provided much of the inspiration for her brother William's work.

Paragraph 5: The episode begins with Superintendent Prosser struggling to negotiate with Jeff Clarke at gunpoint, while PC Gabriel Kent tries to help her talk Clarke down. As DCs Jo Masters, Terry Perkins and Zain Nadir give station tours, Kent spots them and tells them to stay where they are. As DCI Jack Meadows prepares to open the 50th anniversary proceedings, he sends PC Dan Casper to find Superintendent Prosser. As he enters CID, he is taken hostage by Clarke along with the rest of the group, however in the confusion Prosser grabs a radio and alerts CAD to the situation. Clarke fires a shot at Prosser and misses, but the gunshot is heard by the partygoers and glass from a CID window almost hits PC Roger Valentine out front. DCI Meadows takes DSs Phil Hunter and Samantha Nixon to the reception, and Sergeant Dale Smith goes to the door to be briefed. As Meadows coordinates a raid, Superintendent Adam Okaro forgets his leave and joins him to spearhead the operation. In CID, Clarke receives a call from Meadows, and Prosser foolishly persuades Dan to tackle Clarke. Despite protests from DCs Masters and Nadir, Dan lunges for Clarke along with Terry. In the struggle, the guests and other officers flee CID, but Clarke's gun goes off and shoots the real Gabriel Kent, sending him over the CID balcony. Clarke refuses to relinquish his weapon and it goes off again, hitting Dan in the arm, allowing Clarke to throw off Terry and take control of the situation once more. After initially refusing to let PC Kent get to his alter ego, he laments and lets him get down to him. Gabriel proceeds to take his brother's wallet and phone, then lets DSs Hunter and Nixon join him to get him aid. Meadows negotiates safe passage for paramedics with Clarke, who demands the ambulance not be let in to prevent SO19 being snuck in with it. Terry makes Dan comfortable and begins his own negotiation, and manages to find a mic and earpiece when Clarke throws all the phones out the window. Despite protests from Prosser, suspended Inspector Gina Gold takes over the negotiation and keeps in touch with Terry. As Supt. Okaro suggests checking the boy who killed Clarke's son, Ashley Morgan, PC Valentine discovers that he has gone missing. As Gina talks to Terry, he realises Clarke has abducted him, but they are unable to determine where he is holding him. As SO19 arrive, Sergeant Marc Rollins tells Prosser he has a clear shot on Clarke, but the fear of Morgan not being found leads her to opt against taking Clarke out. As the stress gets to her, Prosser takes Okaro aside for a chat, telling him it is clear where loyalties lie; "This your station, you're the one who should be running it." Prosser proceeds to her office to pack up her belongings, and Adam takes sole control of the negotiation.

Paragraph 6: Itō was the owner, founder and honorary chairman of the $30 billion (in sales) Ito-Yokado retailing group, the second largest retailing organization in the world, which includes more than 10,000 7-Elevens in Japan and the US. Itō built the company from a small apparel store in Tokyo, into a corporation with annual revenues of more than $28 billion and a labour force of more than 125,000. The Ito-Yokado Group includes more than 10,000 7-Eleven stores in Japan and 5,800 in North America, along with 1,000 other stores, department stores, restaurants, specialty shops, supermarkets and superstores. Ito-Yokado was also the Japanese franchisee for Oshman's Sporting Goods stores, Robinson department stores, and Denny's restaurants. The company has begun opening superstores in China.

Paragraph 7: A few passengers managed to hold on to railings and make it through the night, later transferring to Big Harcar, including Sarah Dawson (a passenger), who was distraught, holding the bodies of her two dead children (James, 7, and Matilda, 5). Their predicament was spotted at first light by Grace Darling, daughter of William, the keeper of the Longstone Lighthouse, which was situated about  from the wreck site. Grace counted 13 people on Big Harcar. Grace pleaded with her father to go to the rescue, but he initially refused on the grounds that the sea was too rough and the two of them could not possibly manage their only boat in such conditions. After a short breakfast, though, Grace prevailed and they set off in their Northumberland coble, a 21-ft  clinker-built open rowing boat designed for a minimum crew of three strong men. They rowed for some 1,700 yards, mostly in the lee of Great Harcar. On arrival at the wreck site, they found only nine remaining survivors. William left Grace to hold the boat steady whilst he assisted the transfer of three of Forfarshire's crew and Mrs. Dawson to the boat. William, with the aid of two of the rescued crew, then rowed the boat back to the lighthouse while Grace comforted Mrs. Dawson, who had by this time lost the bodies of her two children to the sea. William and the two strongest of the rescued crew then rowed back to the wreck site and rescued the remaining four survivors. The survivors confirmed that 13 had made it to the rock during the night, but four had been swept away shortly before the arrival of Grace and William. Forty-three passengers and crew, including the captain and his wife, perished. Both William and Grace received the Royal National Lifeboat Institution’s Silver Medal in 1838 - the first recipients of this new award. They also received the Gold Medallion from the Royal Humane Society, while Grace additionally received silver medals from the Glasgow Humane Society and the Edinburgh and Leith Humane Society.

Paragraph 8: On November 1, in the Bergmann Offensive, Russians crossed the frontier first. They planned to capture Doğubeyazıt and Köprüköy. The official Russian declaration of war on the Ottoman Empire came on November 2. The established force for this goal was 25 infantry battalions, 37 cavalry units and 120 artillery guns. It had two wings. On the right-wing, the Russian I Corps crossed the border and moved from Sarikamish toward the direction of Köprüköy. They reached Köprüköy on November 4. On the left-wing, the Russian IV Corps moved from Yerevan to Pasinler Plains. The commander of 3rd Army, Hasan Izzet was not in favor of an offensive action in the harsh winter conditions. His plan was to remain in defense and launch a counterattack at the right time. This was overridden by the War Minister Enver Pasha. On November 7, the Turkish 3rd Army commenced its offensive with the participation of the XI Corps and all cavalry units. This force was supported by a Kurdish Tribal Regiment. The cavalry failed to execute the encirclement and the Kurdish Tribal Regiment proved to be unreliable. The Russians gained territory after the withdrawal of the 18th and the 30th Divisions. Ottoman forces managed to maintain their positions at Köprüköy. By November 12, the Turkish IX Corps with Ahmet Fevzi Pasha had reinforced the XI Corps on the left flank. The 3rd Army began to push the Russians back with the support of the cavalry. The 3rd Infantry Regiment managed to invade Köprüköy after the Azap Offensive between November 17 and 20. By the end of November, the front had stabilized, with the Russians clinging to a salient 25 kilometers into the Ottoman Empire along the Erzurum-Sarikamish axis. There was Russian success along the southern shoulders of the offensive where Armenian volunteers were effective and took Karaköse and Doğubeyazıt. Doğubeyazıt was the northern neighbor of Van Province. Ottoman casualties were high: 9000 killed, 3000 taken prisoner and 2800 deserters.

Paragraph 9: The software aspect of the system runs on standard home computer hardware and can be linked to other applications or databases. It first uses a series of image manipulation techniques to detect, normalize and enhance the image of the number plate, and then optical character recognition (OCR) to extract the alphanumerics of the license plate. ANPR systems are generally deployed in one of two basic approaches: one allows for the entire process to be performed at the lane location in real-time, and the other transmits all the images from many lanes to a remote computer location and performs the OCR process there at some later point in time. When done at the lane site, the information captured of the plate alphanumeric, date-time, lane identification, and any other information required is completed in approximately 250 milliseconds. This information can easily be transmitted to a remote computer for further processing if necessary, or stored at the lane for later retrieval. In the other arrangement, there are typically large numbers of PCs used in a server farm to handle high workloads, such as those found in the London congestion charge project. Often in such systems, there is a requirement to forward images to the remote server, and this can require larger bandwidth transmission media.

Paragraph 10: Scholar Jack Zipes translated a Sicilian tale collected by Giuseppe Pitrè. In this tale, titled Lu re d’Anìmmulu ("King Animmulu"), a poor shoemaker lives with his three daughters Peppa, Nina and Nunzia. One day, Nunzia finds a large fennel plant in the forest and tries to pull it, without luck, so her father helps her. They pull it and see a doorway and a young man. The pair explain to the youth that they were just gathering some herbs for a soup, and the youth makes a proposition: he shall take Nunzia and make her father rich. The pair agree, and Nunzia goes with the youth to live in his lavish underground palace. Some time later, Peppa convinces her father to let her pay a visit to Nunzia. Their father takes her there, and Peppa enters the underground palace. Nunzia welcomes her and asks her to comb her hair. While doing it, she finds a key in her hair, which she takes while Nunzia is asleep. Peppa uses the key to open a secret room; inside, pretty young women doing embroidery for Nunzia's unborn child, but, as soon as they see Peppa, their faces turn old and ugly. Peppa closes the door and wakes her sister up, asking her to be guided out of the palace. She explains she opened the forbidden door, and Nunzia says she is now lost. Peppa departs. The pretty young women, who are fairies, order Nunzia's husband to banish her. With no other option, the youth banishes a pregnant Nunzia, but gives her a silver yarn, for her to throw it and follow it. Nunzia complies with his decision, but follows his advice and reaches King Animmulu's mother's castle, where she is given shelter. Nunzia gives birth to a son, whom a maidservant recognizes as the spitting image of the queen's son. She goes to inform the queen. Meanwhile, back to the underground palace, the fairies inform King Animmulu that Nunzia gave birth to his son, and suggest they pay them a visit. King Animmulu enters Nunzia's chambers and sings a lullaby to their baby, while the fairies dance outside and sing about how the dawn has not come yet. King Animmulu disappears with the fairies in the morning. The next night, King Animmulu comes again and Nunzia asks him how they can defeat the fairies; he answers: they must stop the crows from singing, muffle the bells and clocks, and erect a dark canvas around the castle painted like the night sky to trick the fairies so they think it is not yet dawn. Nunzia and the queen follow his instructions and prepare the canvas for the following night: the fairies dance, thinking it is still night, until the queen's servants draw out the canvas when the sun is in mid-heaven; the fairies then change into snakes and lizards. King Animmulu is free at last and lives with Nunzia, his son and his mother. Italian author Italo Calvino reworked the tale and adapted it as Il figlio del Re nel pollaio ("The King's Son in the Henhouse"), where the enchanted prince is called Re Cristallu ("King Crystal"). Calvino also sourced the tale from Salaparuta.

Paragraph 11: On 25 October 1810 Smith embarked for the Iberian Peninsula, and joined the force of Sir Thomas Graham at Cadiz, then blockaded by the French. In the spring of 1811 an attempt to raise the siege of Cadiz was made by sending a force by water to Tarifa to march on the flank of the enemy, while at the same time a sortie was made by the garrison of Cadiz and La Isla across the river San Pedro. Smith was left in Cadiz as senior engineer officer in charge of it, as well as of La Isla and the adjacent country, during the operations which comprised the Battle of Barrosa, on 5 March 1811. In spite of this victory the siege was not raised, and the British retired within the lines of La Isla.Smith's health suffered a good deal at Cadiz, and he was sent to Tarifa, near Gibraltar, to be Commanding Royal Engineer during the siege of Tarifa by the 8000 strong French force under General Laval. Colonel John Skerrett commanded the garrison of drafts from regiments at Gibraltar, with Spanish details, of 2,300 in total. The outposts were driven in on 19 December, and in ten days the French batteries opened fire. During this time Smith was busy making such preparations as he could for the defence of a very weak place. When, however, a gaping breach was made by the French after a few hours' firing, Skerrett called a council of war, proposed to abandon the defence, to embark the garrison on board the transports lying in the roadstead, and to sail for Gibraltar. Smith vehemently opposed the proposal, and prepared to make the most desperate resistance. Intimation of the state of affairs was sent to the Governor of Gibraltar, who promptly removed the transports and so compelled Skerrett to hold out. He also arranged to send assistance from Gibraltar. On 31 December 1811 the French made an unsuccessful assault. Bad weather and a continuous downpour of rain greatly damaged the French batteries and trenches, and supply became difficult owing to the state of the roads. On the night of 4 January 1812 it became known to the garrison that the French were preparing to raise the siege, and on the morning of the 5th the allies assumed the offensive, drove the French from their batteries and trenches, and compelled them to make a hurried retreat, leaving everything in the hands of the garrison. By general consent the chief merit of the defence has been given to Smith. Napier, in his History of the War in the Peninsula, points out that though Skerrett eventually yielded to Smith's energy, he did it with reluctance, and constantly during the siege impeded the works by calling off the labourers to prepare posts of retreat. "To the British engineer," Napier writes, "belongs the praise of this splendid action".

Paragraph 12: ...I found a gathering of thirty to forty people, men and women, in a well-furnished hall lined with French paper. As these were relatives and close friends, there was no luxury in attire. The women were dressed simply and decently; most of the young men wore tails and white pants. They danced waltzes, contradances, and Spanish dances; some of the ladies played the piano, others sang beautifully accompanied by guitar, and the soiree ended with ballroom games. I found different manners in all the people of the society. The ladies talked to the men without embarrassment; the men surrounded them with kindness, but they did not show any concern or desire to please, a quality, by the way, that is almost exclusive to the French. Since I have been in Brazil I have not seen a similar gathering. In the countryside, as I have said hundreds of times, women hide themselves away; they are the first slaves of the house, and the men have no idea of the pleasures that can be enjoyed with decency. Among the ladies, whom I saw at Mr. Patricio's house, there were some beautiful ones, mostly very white, with dark brown hair and black eyes; some were graceful, but without that vivacity that characterizes French women. The men, generally very light in color and with hair and eyes the same color as the women's, were large and well made, resourceful, but without the gentleness that characterizes the miners.On April 26, 1821 the first public manifestation of political contestation broke out in the city, when the Chamber, disobeying the determinations of the Portuguese Constitution that had been sworn by the Regent Prince Dom Pedro, elected a ministerial board, which governed from February 22 to March 8, 1822. On April 14 of this year, by decree of D. Pedro I, the town became a city. Two years later the first German immigrants arrived in the city, as part of the Crown's project to promote colonization in the south, and to help in the local agriculture. They were received with honors in the capital and soon were provided with equipment to start their farms, along with lots of land in the Real Feitoria do Linho Cânhamo, which had been deactivated, although some remained near the urban area, giving rise to the neighborhood of Navegantes. In 1831, new city limits were established through the publication of the first Municipal Ordinances, dealing in particular with the urban police. Arsène Isabelle, visiting the city between 1833 and 1834, reported that there were already five churches, but only two elementary school. On the other hand, several newspapers circulated, and he noted the influence of French culture and the political division between the monarchists and the farroupilhas, who defended a republican government project.

Paragraph 13: In 809, Yuan was on a mission to Dongchuan Circuit (東川, headquartered in modern Mianyang, Sichuan), when he submitted accusations that the deceased former military governor (Jiedushi) of Dongchuan, Yan Li (), had collected taxes illegally and improperly seized the property of 88 households.  As a result, the seven prefectural prefects who served under Yan were all punished.  However, among the ruling officials, there were those who had deep friendships with Yan, and as a result of this incident, Yuan was sent out of the capital to serve at the Luoyang branch of the office of the imperial censors.  While at Luoyang, he continued to pursue various officials for misconduct, including the caning of a county magistrate by the governor of Zhexi Circuit (浙西, headquartered in modern Zhenjiang, Jiangsu), Han Gao (), leading to the magistrate's death, and the improper use of imperial messenger posts by the military governor of Wuning Circuit (武寧, headquartered in modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu), Wang Shao (), to host the casket of the recently deceased eunuch monitor of the Wuning army.  Meanwhile, when the mayor of Henan Municipality (i.e., the Luoyang region, not only the two counties), Fang Shi (), was accused of improper conduct, Yuan issued an order suspending Fang from office pending investigations.  However, after investigations, Fang was only punished by being stripped of one month of salary, and Yuan was recalled to Chang'an.  While stopping at the imperial messenger post at Fushui (敷水, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), Yuan got into a dispute with an imperial eunuch messenger — variously reported as either Liu Shiyuan () (by the Old Book of Tang) or Qiu Shiliang (by the New Book of Tang), in which the eunuch, as a result of the dispute, hit Yuan's face and injured him — Emperor Xianzong ruled that Yuan had overstepped his authorities as censor and demoted him to serve as the logistics officer at Jiangling Municipality (江陵, in modern Jingzhou, Hubei), despite defenses submitted on his behalf by Li Jiang, Cui Qun, and Bai.

Paragraph 14: The findings of funeral remains and ordinary objects from the period confirms the importance of the Celts in the creation of this village and of the own culture of its inhabitants even nowadays(in this area are still spoken local variants of Gallo-italic languages, that had an important contribution by Gauls) Later, however, with the Roman colonization that had slowly decentralized the settlement and due to constant floods of the same double, the population of ancient Vaprio moved to the flat and more fertile area where the village is still located today. The Roman influence was demonstrated thanks to the finding, during the construction of the local castle in the XII-XIV century, of a Roman votive altar dedicated to "Giove Ottimo Massimo", Jupiter; in fact, it was preserved intact in the walls of the ancient church that once stood where the castle was built. The siliceous stone was then donated in 1820 to the cathedral of Novara. Being a small enough decentralized settlement, Vaprio never experienced a large expansion. In medieval times it was assigned to the Committee of Pombia; it then passed under the Counts of Biandrate in 1152, and from that period followed the fate of a larger neighbouring municipality, Momo. In 1402 the Duke of Milan Gian Galeazzo Visconti handed over the village to the nobleBarbavara who then sold it to Cristoforo di Casate. Then, in 1534, Vaprio was sold for 16,800 lire(local money) to the lord of - Fontaneto d'Agogna, Galeazzo Visconti, remaining under this family until the early nineteenth century. In the Baroque period Vaprio experienced a slight expansion, so much so that a small religious brotherhood was established in the municipality and founded a modest monastery; today, however, nothing remains of it. In the seventeenth century, the town became a minor possession of the Caccia family, under which some important changes took place in the local castle. They were also the first commissioners to build the new church of Vaprio, which replaced the previous one, smaller and older, which was located within the castle walls.

Paragraph 15: Clinker built (also known as lapstrake) is a method of boat building where the edges of hull planks overlap each other.  Where necessary in larger craft, shorter planks can be joined end to end, creating a longer strake or hull plank. The technique originated in Scandinavia, and was successfully used by the Anglo-Saxons, Frisians, Scandinavians, typically in the vessels known as cogs employed by the Hanseatic League.  Carvel construction, where plank edges are butted smoothly, seam to seam, supplanted clinker construction in large vessels as the demand for capacity surpassed the limits of clinker construction. (See Comparison between clinker and carvel below.).

Paragraph 16: In 2015, a journal article by McDermott et al. reported on a case in which chromothripsis, normally a catastrophic event in which chromosomes undergo massive deletion and rearrangement within a single stem cell's DNA, cured a patient with WHIM syndrome, a primary immunodeficiency disease.  WHIM is autosomal dominant and is caused by a gain-of-function mutation of the chemokine receptor CXCR4.  The mutation in CXCR4 increases signaling because it disrupts negative regulatory elements usually present, creating exaggerated functions of the receptor.  The term "WHIM" is an acronym for the main manifestations of the disease: warts, hypogammaglobulinemia, recurrent infections, and myelokathexis.  Myelokathexis is impaired escape of mature neutrophils from bone marrow, causing neutropenia.  Patients with WHIM syndrome have severely reduced peripheral blood B cells and some reduction in peripheral blood T cells and monocytes (McDermott).  The cured patient, designated WHIM-09, is a white female presented at age 58.  She also presented with her two daughters, WHIM-10 (age 21) and WHIM-11 (age 23).  Both daughters fulfilled all of the clinical criteria for WHIM syndrome, while WHIM-09 did not.  She reported that she had had many serious infections from childhood until age 38 but had had none in the past 20 years.  She has fulfilled none of the criteria for WHIM syndrome except for mild hypogammaglobulinemia since then.  WHIM-09 was the first patient ever described with myelokathexis, the "M" in WHIM syndrome, and her parents and siblings showed no sign of the syndrome.  Therefore, the evidence is compatible with a WHIM mutation occurring de novo in patient WHIM-09, an autosomal dominant transition to two of her three daughters, and a spontaneous and complete remission in WHIM-09.  This provides the first evidence that chromothripsis may result in clinical benefit, in particular, the cure of a genetic disease.  If a cell with chromothripsis dies, it is clinically undetectable, making the true frequency of its occurrence hard to determine.  Therefore, it is only detected if it acquires a strong selective advantage creating a clinically apparent clonal population harboring the same pattern of deletions and arrangements.  This results in either cancer, or if the location is fortuitous, the cure of a genetic condition as occurred in patient WHIM-09.

Paragraph 17: Hardwicke was born in Harlingen, Texas on October 21, 1955, the daughter of Jamee Elberta (née Bennett) and John Benjamin Hardwicke. She has a brother, Jack, and a sister, Irene Hardwicke Olivieri, who became an artist. She grew up in McAllen on the U.S.–Mexico border, where her family owned and operated a farm along the Rio Grande, and was raised as a Presbyterian. Growing up in McAllen, Hardwicke describes it as "wild": in high school, "her principal was stabbed three times. A friend's father was shot in the back, and another friend was murdered. And yet life could be wonderful at the same time. 'It was a Huck Finn life, too,' she said." As a child she did not attend many movies and explains, "I didn’t go to many movies. Let's be honest: It was a cultural wasteland. At the time, you could not go to a significant museum unless you drove three hours to Corpus Christi or four to San Antonio". However, there were other ways to have fun such as sneaking over to the bars and nightclubs of Mexico before she was even a legal adult. Speaking on her early life Hardwicke says, "It was a wonderful childhood. I'm dying to make a movie about it".

Paragraph 18: Advocacy efforts are not only limited to science funding, but larger issues of public policy as well. Over the years, the LSA membership have passed a number of resolutions regarding issues of public policy. In 1987, the LSA officially took a stand against the English-only movement in the United States stating that "English-only measures ... are based on misconceptions about the role of a common language in establishing political unity, and ... are inconsistent with basic American traditions of linguistic tolerance." Furthering that stance, the membership ratified a statement on linguistic rights in 1996 declaring "the government and people of the United States have a special obligation to enable indigenous peoples to retain their languages and cultures" and declared 7 fundamental linguistic rights including the right "to have their children educated in a manner that affirmatively acknowledges their native language abilities..." which includes the possibility of education in a language other than English. 5 years later, the LSA lent its support for the recognition of sign languages as equal to that of other languages. The resolution, passed in 2001, "affirm[ed] that sign languages used by deaf communities are full-fledged languages with all the structural characteristics and range of expression of spoken languages" and urged that sign languages be given the same respect as other languages in academic and political life.

Paragraph 19: Drafted by the California Angels in the 3rd round of the 1975 Major League Baseball draft, Lansford was the Angels' most successful rookie in 1978 and finished third in the overall AL Rookie of the Year vote. He was traded along with Rick Miller and Mark Clear from the Angels to the Red Sox for Rick Burleson and Butch Hobson on December 10, 1980. In 1981, he won the American League batting title in the strike-shortened season, becoming the league's first right-handed hitter to do so in 11 years. However, the emergence of Wade Boggs resulted in the Red Sox sending Lansford to Oakland in a trade involving Tony Armas during the 1982 off-season. Lansford became the A's regular third baseman and was there for their 1988 through 1992 dynasty, typically hitting second behind Rickey Henderson. Lansford narrowly missed winning his second batting title in 1989 with a .336 average (Minnesota's Kirby Puckett finished with a .339 average). Although his power numbers dropped off during those years, and he missed almost all the 1991 season with an injury, Lansford's speed and solid hitting made him a significant contributor to the A's dynasty. He played in three World Series with the A's, losing in  and  and winning in .

Paragraph 20: Vismon was the Bell Labs system which displayed authors' faces on one of their internal e-mail systems. The name was a pun  on the sysmon program used at Bell to show the load on computer systems. It can also be interpreted as "visual monitor". The system inspired Rich Burridge to develop the similar but more widespread faces system which spread with Unix distributions in the 1980s.  This in turn inspired Steve Kinzler to develop the Picons, or personal icons, which have the goal of offering symbols and other images, as well as faces to represent individuals and institutions in email messages.  Other systems such as the faces available on the LAN email functions of the NeXTSTEP platform also seem to have been influenced by the original Vismon capabilities. The faces program in Plan 9 is the direct descendant of this system.

Paragraph 21: Bodine's career in Cup started at Watkins Glen International Raceway on August 9, 1992 when he was 28 years old. He raced the No. 34 Diet Pepsi Ford Thunderbird for Cicci-Welliver Racing, finishing 37th. It was revealed in 2022 in The Scene Vault Podcast, that though the listed owner was Cicci-Welliver, the car was in fact owned by, and the team of, Junie Donlavey of Donlavey Racing. They re-numbered Junie's car as a team "rental" to further the attention of Bodine's Busch Series team. Bodine revealed in the podcast that the technicality of the listed car owner was disappointing after Donlavey's death in 2014, Todd was not listed as one of "Junie's Army", or Junie's many Cup Series drivers, as the two were friends. His first full-time season came in 1994 when he raced for Butch Mock Motorsports.  He raced the No. 75 Ford Thunderbird sponsored by Factory Stores. He missed one race the whole season and scored two Top 5s and seven Top 10s on his way to a 20th-place position in the points standings. He was unable to match those statistics in 1995 as he finished 33rd in the points with only one Top 5 and three Top 10s. Following his release from Butch Mock, Bodine spent 1996, filling in for Bill Elliott in a four-race span, finishing 10th at Pocono. He also drove three races apiece for David Blair Motorsports and Andy Petree Racing. In 1997, he filled in for Ricky Craven at Hendrick Motorsports at Texas and for his brother, Geoff at Charlotte Motor Speedway, before he won the pole at Watkins Glen for Cicci-Welliver in a one-race deal. He finished 35th due to engine problems in that race. Todd started races for five different teams in 1997. At Loudon, he relieved Jeff Burton, who had an inner ear problem, and exited his Roush Racing car after 68 laps.

Paragraph 22: Archdeacon Newton is a hamlet and rural parish of several farms in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, in England. The population taken at the 2011 Census was less than 100. Details are maintained in the parish of Walworth. It is associated with an abandoned village site under pasture and farm buildings, and situated a short distance to the north-west of Darlington. The lost settlement was in existence by the early 15th century, and remained inhabited at least until the 1890s. There was a moated manor house at the southern end, part of which remains as the Old Hall, now a barn. At the north end of the site was the chapel, and in the middle were tofts and enclosures, with a ridge and furrow field and a trackway leading to the south-east. The site of the abandoned village is now a scheduled monument and the Old Hall is a listed building.

Paragraph 23: In 1989, he starred in the Japanese-Hong Kong co-production of Bloodfight. This was the first of its kind in which English was spoken throughout the entire film. In 1992, Yam gained critical acclaim for his role as the maniacal Judge in the crime film Full Contact, where he faced off in a bloody battle against Chow Yun-fat's character. In 1993, he starred as "Dhalsim" in the action-comedy film Future Cops, a parody of Street Fighter directed by Wong Jing. In 1996, Yam began his role as Chiang Tin-Sung, the leader of the Hung Hing triads in the first three instalments of the Young and Dangerous film series.

Paragraph 24: In 2021, around 52.7% of the population were Christians among them 49.7% members of the two large Christian churches. About half of Christians in Germany are Catholics, mostly Roman Catholics; Catholicism is stronger in the southern and the western part of the country. About half belongs to the Evangelical Church of Germany (EKD) predominant in the northern regions, and the rest to several small Christian denominations such as the Union of Evangelical Free Churches in Germany, the Eastern Orthodox Church or the Jehovah's Witnesses. Estimations for the percentage of Muslims vary between 3.5% and 6.7%, while much smaller religions include Buddhism, Judaism, Hinduism and Yazidism. The rest of the population is not affiliated with any church, and many are atheist, agnostic, or otherwise irreligious. 60% of German residents say that they believe there is a God, 9% say that they believe there is a higher power or spiritual force and 27% say that they do not believe there is a God, higher power or spiritual force. In another survey, 44% said that they believe there is a God, 25% said that they believe there is some sort of spirit or life force and 27% said that they do not believe there is any sort of spirit, God or life force. 35% of residents identify with their religion or belief.

Paragraph 25: Fontanar was an amphora-producing center in Chiclana de la Frontera which manufactured fish sauce transportation containers, possibly dating to the reign of Augustus. In the 19th century, Chiclana manufactured linen and earthenware, and produced brandy, while tourists visited the mineral baths. Today's economy depends largely upon modern industry, especially salt processing and tourism, and the municipality is known for its beaches such as the  long, sandy Playa de la Barrosa, hotels and golf courses in the resort of Novo Sancti Petri. The Rough guide to Andalucía describes Novo Sancti Petri as "a complex of hundreds of identical avenues lined with featureless tile-roofed dwellings, ugly lamp standards, over-manicured gardens and a golf course designed by Severiano Ballesteros." The municipality contains the largest number of hotel beds in the province of Cádiz and the Costa de la Luz and has about 20 luxury hotels which have either four or five stars. Notable golf courses include the 36-hole Club de Golf Novo Sancti Petri, the 18-hole Club de golf Melia Sancti Petri, the 9-hole Club de Golf Campano, European Golfes Academy, Escuela de golf Practeegolf and Campo de golf Lomas de Sancti Petri. The Playa de la Barrosa beach stretching from the point of Sancti Petri down to Cape Trafalgar also has many restaurants, bars, and markets. The town centre of Chiclana itself is located around the town hall square and has a busy market where fruit and vegetables are sold, as well as fish and meat stalls; retailers from rural parts come to the market to sell items such as wild asparagus, snails and herbs. The Tuesday market is held by the blue bridge over the River Iro. Aside from the town's salt processing reputation, it is also a centre for furniture manufacturing and contains many furniture stores along the Avenida de los Descubrimientos.

Paragraph 26: The book is set in the huge castle of Gormenghast, a vast landscape of crumbling towers and ivy-filled quadrangles that has for centuries been the hereditary residence of the Groan family and with them a legion of servants. The Groan family is headed by Lord Sepulchrave, the seventy-sixth Earl of Groan. He is a melancholy man who feels shackled by his duties as Earl, although he never questions them. His only escape is reading in his library. His wife is the Countess Gertrude. Large and imposing, with dark red hair, she pays no attention to her family or to the rest of Gormenghast. Instead, she spends her time either in her bedroom or in walking selected areas, in the company of a legion of birds and her white cats that alone command her affections. Their daughter is 15-year-old Fuchsia Groan, attended to by the easily upset Nannie Slagg. Self-absorbed, childish and thoughtless, she is also impulsive, imaginative and at times fiercely affectionate. Sequestered in the south wing of the castle are Sepulchrave's identical twin sisters Cora and Clarice Groan, notable for always being dressed in purple. Both suffered from epileptic fits in their youth, as a result of which their left arms and legs are "rather starved". They have the same vague and vacant personalities, lacking intelligence to the point of mental impairment. Both crave political power and bitterly resent Gertrude, believing that she robbed them of their rightful place in the hierarchy of Gormenghast and of any involvement in its affairs. This desire for power, along with their general ignorance, allows for them to be easily manipulated by Steerpike in his quest for authority. Also important to the life of the castle is Lord Sepulchrave's personal servant, Mr. Flay, who believes in strictly adhering to the rules of Gormenghast.

Paragraph 27: One of the riskiest methods that can be used for treatments is the use of copper oxide wire particles (COWP) to aid in the destruction of the parasites inside the gut without the use of chemicals. However, in sheep, the dosing would need to be monitored extremely closely because if they are administered too high of a dose, then they will slip into copper toxicity. For the COWP, the lowest recommended dose would need to be administered to remain safe for sheep. The study conducted found that treatment with the COWP reduced faecal egg counts by >85%. Treatment with the copper oxide wire particles could lead to less reliance on anthelmintics because the COWP allows for the reduction in establishment of parasitic infections, especially if the producer is trying to reduce the larval population on their pastures.

Paragraph 28: In 1965 the Keweenaw site was utilized for a project called WEBROC.  The goal of project WEBROC was to be able to set up a system of buoys, containing rocket launchers, in the ocean to obtain weather information.  The small rockets would contain payloads of various instrumentations.  The rockets that were used on the buoy were small 2.75-inch folding-fin rockets called “Mighty Mouse.” The rockets were to be housed in an enclosed launcher to help protect it from the elements.  This being the case developers needed to know if the rockets could be launched from a closed-breech launcher.  This was the testing that was done at the Keweenaw Rocket Launch Site.

Paragraph 29: Upon its completion, the span became part of the Lincoln Highway. This historic transcontinental roadway's original alignment, like the Transcontinental Railroad that preceded it nearly sixty years earlier, chose to avoid crossing the Carquinez Strait entirely. The preferred option, given the engineering limitations of the day, was to skirt around the Delta by going south from Sacramento through Stockton, then proceeding west across the San Joaquin River and over the Altamont Pass, and finally reaching Oakland from the south; a route that would later become U.S. Route 50 and ultimately Interstates 5, 205, and 580. This circuitous route, several miles longer, and traversing a rather formidable mountain pass, was preferable to crossing the Carquinez Strait, a deep channel with strong currents and frequent high winds. For decades, building a bridge across the Carquinez Strait was considered prohibitively expensive and technologically risky. Once the bridge was built however, driving from Sacramento to the East Bay became much more direct. The Carquinez Bridge provided a welcome alternative route from the Central Valley to the Bay Area, one that no longer required loading one's vehicle onto and off of a ferry. With the bridge completed, the Lincoln Highway was realigned to cross the Sacramento River, then proceed southwest through Davis and Vallejo, across the Carquinez Bridge, and along the shores of the San Pablo and San Francisco bays to Richmond and Oakland; becoming U.S. Route 40, and ultimately Interstate 80.

Paragraph 30: The Album was a huge hit with nearly 0.2 Million CD's sold out on the first day of the release itself. The audio received positive reviews. Musicperk.com gave a review stating "Thaman has done great justice to this high profile movie by delivering the goods in the music section. Sir Osthara is the pick of the album while the other songs aren’t too far behind" and rated the album 9/10. 123telugu.com gave a review stating "The audio album of Businessman has some pretty solid numbers and care has been taken to make this album appeal to a wide section of the audience. There is something in it for everyone. Sir Osthara and Pilla Chao are terrific numbers that will top the charts. Aamchi Mumbai and Bad Boys have good energy levels and will catch on well with the public. While there is nothing new or extraordinary from Thaman, he makes sure that he delivers what is required. You can safely go for this album. It is enjoyable." Oneindia Entertainment gave a review stating "The Businessman is a wonderful album, which lacks variety. Yet, it impresses the audience with its energetic tracks, which is targeted at the mass and youths. 'Sir osthara...', 'Bad boyz...' and 'Aamchi Mumbai...' are our picks." IndiaGlitz gave a review stating "The Businessman, it should be said at the outset, belies our expectations.  Nevertheless, the six songs (including the theme song) are worth a listen for the thrum of energy passing through the numbers.  Thaman doesn't give us a Champakamala or a Chulbuli.  It may disappoint you a bit, but you may see a glimmer at the end of the tunnel (in their picturization on the celluloid)." greatandhra.com gave a review stating "It is never an easy task when a music director is delivering nearly six out of ten films that are arriving and that too top league big budget flicks. However, Thaman has taken the challenge and has been proving his mettle with each passing movie. Here again, he has maintained the same energy in his composition and also with the right kind of beats and pace. Overall, this is an album which rocks and youth will love it." way2movies.com gave a review stating "All in all, Thaman has impressed the audiences with Businessman by delivering few energetic tracks that goes well with larger sections. Sir Osthara has turned out to be instant hit while Aamchi Mumbai and the theme song too are catchy. All the singers’ have done a great job while Bhaskarbhatla’s lyrics are impressive. Enjoy Businessman songs folks." Cinecorn.com gave a review stating "Barring few songs that provide an instant satisfaction nothing sticks in mind once we stop playing the album."