Paragraph 1: Canada (ITU Region 2): On July 28, 2022, the Canadian regulator, Innovation Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED) released an update to the document for Canadian Radio Amateurs: “RBR-4 – Standards for the Operation of Radio Stations in the Amateur Radio Service”. Part of the document details the release of the new WRC-15 Amateur Secondary allocation of 5351.5 - 5366.5 kHz at a maximum effective radiated power of 100  W PEP with 2.8 kHz maximum bandwidth. This is in addition to the present four 3 kHz-wide channels (see Band Allocations entry). On Wednesday 22 January 2014, the Canadian regulator, Industry Canada (IC) released a decision to allow amateur radio operators to use the 5332 kHz, 5348 kHz, 5358.5 kHz, 5373 kHz, and 5405 kHz (channel centre) frequencies on a no-interference, no-protection basis, 2.8 kHz bandwidth, same modes as U.S., 100 W PEP maximum power. These are the same channels, modes and criteria as those available to US operators on 5 MHz and are as the result of the official IC consultation held earlier in Summer 2012. Prior to this Canadian Amateurs were allowed at the beginning of April 2012 to apply for special interim 5 MHz / 60 m development licences under the VX9 callsign series by their regulator, Industry Canada. This provided for the same channels and facilities accorded to US licensees. Following discussions with the Canadian national amateur radio society Radio Amateurs of Canada (RAC) and the implementation of the US FCC new 60 m rules in March 2012, Industry Canada (IC) issued a consultation notice for Canadian radio amateurs in the government Canada Gazette on May 12, 2012. It proposed the American 60 m channels and conditions, plus an extra one at 5329 kHz for Canadian domestic use only (at the request of RAC), making a total of six channels. Canadian amateurs had until 12 June 2012 to comment and responses were published on the Industry Canada website on 22 June 2012. At the successful conclusion of this process IC intended to permit general availability of these 5 MHz / 60 m channels to Canadian amateurs. In the meantime, amateurs were invited to apply to IC for a special interim 5 MHz / 60 m developmental licence in order to have the opportunity of gaining early access to these frequencies. Amateurs holding the Basic + (with Honours) or the Advanced Certificate were eligible for licensing on these frequencies. Before this, 5 MHz / 60 m activity from Canada had been on a special permission, limited time basis on specified frequencies. This had originated as early as 2002.

Paragraph 2: Waterhouse enlisted in the Marine Corps in August 1943. He served with the 5th Marine Division during the Pacific campaign of World War II, landing with the first wave assault on Iwo Jima on February 19, 1945. During the battle, he was severely wounded as a result of enemy action, suffering permanent nerve damage to his left hand. He received the Purple Heart medal. After the war, Waterhouse formally studied art at the Newark School of Fine and Industrial Arts in New Jersey where, under the guidance of Steven R. Kidd and W. T. Aylward, he was trained in the Brandywine tradition of romantic realism as practiced by Howard Pyle, N.C. Wyeth, Harvey Dunn and others. Upon graduating in 1950  Waterhouse became a sought-after illustrator, with his work appearing in hundreds of books, magazines and publications. During the Vietnam War, he served three tours in Vietnam as a civilian combat artist. In 1971 Waterhouse received a commission as a major from the Marine Corps History Division to create 14 salon-size paintings depicting the Marines in the Revolution for the U.S. Bicentennial.  The paintings were such a success the Marines awarded Waterhouse with the title "USMC Artist in Residence", thus becoming the first and only person to earn such recognition.  At the same time, the Marines promoted him to colonel and he retired at that rank on February 19, 1991. Throughout his retirement, he continued to paint the history of the Corps. At the age of 81, Waterhouse set out to create a comprehensive series of paintings showing Marines and navy corpsmen in the acts for which they were recognized with the Medal of Honor. At the time of his death he had completed 225 canvases and 107 portraits of USMC and USN corpsman recipients from the Civil War through Afghanistan. In 2012, Waterhouse donated the entire Medal of Honor series and additional paintings to the National Museum of the Marine Corps. Waterhouse's work can be seen in museums, federal buildings and historical sites around the country. His illustrated design of the USMC emblem, emblazoned on a t-shirt, was worn by an astronaut in space. Waterhouse was the author and illustrator of Vietnam Sketchbook, Delta to the DMZ Sketchbook and Marines and Others, and the author of Illustrations in Black, White and Gray by Steven R. Kidd and The Blue Book Illustrations of Herbert Morton Stoops.  During his lifetime, Colonel Waterhouse was honored with many awards, including the Legion of Merit.

Paragraph 3: After Francis Xavier landed in Kagoshima, Japan, in 1549, his missionary work grew and became widely distributed throughout Japan under the patronage of the . However, during the Edo period (1603–1867), Christians were persecuted and forced to hide. Because they were forbidden to openly worship the images of Christ or Mary, it is believed that they transferred their worship to other carved images and marked them with secret symbols understood only by the initiates. Certain Japanese lanterns, notably the  (, 'Christian lanterns'), did bear the "Lhq" monogram, which, a quarter turned, was engraved on the shaft (), which was buried directly into the soil without basal platform (). The 'Lhq' monogram corresponds to the distorted letters 'IHS'.

Paragraph 4: In the jurisdictions where the FNC rule survives, a court will usually dismiss a case when the judge determines that the dispute would be better adjudicated in a different forum. Courts have been split in their applications of the rule. In Oceanic Sun Line Special Shipping Co v Fay (1988) 165 CLR 197 and Voth v Manildra Flour Mills (1990) 171 CLR 538 the High Court of Australia refused to adopt the "most suitable forum" approach and instead devised its own "clearly inappropriate forum" test. Nevertheless, the Australian courts balanced the foreign and local factors, and a dismissal would only be granted if the defendant could show that he was "oppressed" or "harassed" by the plaintiff's choice of Australia for legal action. This retained the rationale of the traditional doctrine, making it impossible for Australian defendants to obtain a dismissal from their own courts on FNC grounds. In Regie National des Usines Renault SA v Zhang (2002) 210 CLR 491, the High Court affirmed the "clearly inappropriate forum" test as Australian law, while stating that even where the law of a foreign country had to be applied to decide a case, Australia would not be a "clearly inappropriate" forum for hearing the matter.

Paragraph 5: Garfield was born in Hiram, Ohio, the third of seven children born to James Abram and Lucretia Rudolph Garfield. For a year prior to his father's presidency, he studied at St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire. On July 2, 1881, at the age of 15, he and his 17-year-old brother, Harry Augustus Garfield, witnessed the shooting of their father by disgruntled office-seeker Charles J. Guiteau at the Baltimore and Potomac railroad station in Washington. The President and his sons were waiting for a train en route to Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, where young James had been recently accepted, when the shooting took place.

Paragraph 6: KsK originally signed with Urge Ltd in 1993, a label founded by Russell Ziecker (former bandmate of Charlie Sexton and before starting Urge working at Virgin Records Publishing). This relationship did not produce anything more than demo tapes and a rumored track "Big Dub" in the movie Headless Body Topless Bar. The duo then signed to Cleopatra Records in 1994. The following year the band released the albums Beat it to Fit, Paint it to Match and Oddities & Versions, and went on their first US tour with bassist Paul Wynia. The tour was entitled "Muzak for the Masses", and also included grindcore artists And Christ Wept. This tour was a success for the band and added to their growing fan base. When Sebasstian returned from tour he released his first solo CD on his own imprint INDVSTA MVSIC. The disc was entitled One Minute Endless and showcased a more classical and experimental side to Sebasstians song writing. Each disc was signed and numbered and encased in pieces of orange plastic fence material held together with electrical zip ties. The title track was a twenty-minute ambient piece that used vague movie samples and textures washed together in a stream of reverbs and delays. Said Jester in Sonic Boom Magazine, "This album is the solo work of Sebasstian the lead vocalist from Kill Switch... Klick. The CD itself arrives in a nifty package consisting of two pieces of orange barrier fence twist tied together and the CD itself is individually signed, hand numbered and inserted into a liner sleeve. The music is quite unlike anything that D.A. has written for KsK and borders more on classical piano in some places rather than the traditional grinding electronic industrial that you might expect. Overall the music is much mellower, more emotional and deeply personal compared to other material Sebasstian has been responsible for writing. D.A. utilizes an inordinately large amount of keyboard work on this album. The keyboards ranges from classical piano to other classical keyboard instruments as well as various wacky samples."  In 1996 the KsK began work on its second music video for the single "Produkt (Mass Market Mix)". They hired director Brent Watanabe to animate and direct this lo-fi animated homage to "consumerist corporate America". Sebasstian had worked with Watanabe on several short film project previously as both actor and sound designer. In 1997 Kill Switch...Klick added former Transilvia bassist Jeremy Moss, releasing the highly acclaimed album deGenerate released on Cleopatra. Said The Stranger, "deGenerate is not a great album in a local or industrial sense. It's a great album period!" Later that year, and right before their second US tour, Ditmore quit the band to pursue a career with American aviation giant Boeing. KsK's 1997 tour was financially devastating to Sebasstian, when their tour van blew up just before their very first gig in San Francisco. Determined to finish the tour across the United States, Sebasstian borrowed additional money from Cleopatra Records, with the promise of a quick "no recording cost" release when the band returned from tour. This album was ALT. a b-sides and alternative versions CD that actually garnished decent reviews and in fact paid back the borrowed tour money to Cleopatra Records.

Paragraph 7: Steven Moffat left his job as an English teacher at Cowdenknowes High in Greenock to write the BAFTA Award-winning show Press Gang. However, its high cost and changes in the executive structure at Central Independent Television meant that the show might not be recommissioned after its second series. As the writer wondered what to do next and was worried about future employment, Bob Spiers, Press Gangs primary director, suggested that he meet with producer Andre Ptaszynski to discuss writing a sitcom. Inspired by his experience in education (in addition to his own former career, his father was a headteacher), the writer's initial proposal was similar to what would become Chalk. However, Ptaszynski realised that Moffat was talking more passionately at the meeting at the Groucho Club about his impending divorce and suggested that he write about that instead. That idea became Joking Apart, which received low audience figures but a high rating on the Appreciation Index. In an interview with The Herald, Moffat reflected on the nature of writing from experience: "I don't think you have an alternative to writing about what you know. You've no life experience to go on other than your own. Even if you're writing something you think is entirely remote from you - Star Trek, for instance - you'll find the finished result is actually very close to your own experience. That's not a conscious decision a writer makes - it's an inevitability."

Paragraph 8: Coached at the Ipswich Jets by Australian former international  Tommy Raudonikis, Langer was playing first grade when he was only 17 in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership by 1986. He played as a  for Ipswich and in 1987 opposed his older brother Kevin, who was  of Wests. That year his selection from left field for the Wayne Bennett-coached Queensland side in the 1987 State of Origin series was questioned by several key figures in the Maroons camp who called for the selection in-form Eastern Suburbs  Laurie Spina. It was Raudonikis who stood up for him, backing Langer's selection and he made his Queensland début in the 1987 State of Origin series while still playing for the Jets. Paul Vautin claimed in his autobiography that during a team meeting, Bennett kept going on about where they were going to hide Langer in defense. He was upset that no-one was defending him against Bennett's comments and so stood up and said "He's a Queenslander and won't let us down". Langer's superb performance, including a man-of-the-match award in the decider, silenced the critics and saw him signed on with the newly established Brisbane Broncos team who would enter the New South Wales Rugby League premiership in 1988.

Paragraph 9: He has written film scores for feature films, documentaries, TV drama and animated films. Whistle (2002), directed by Duncan Jones, was shown at festivals around the world, including several broadcasts on Film Four.  In 2004, he refined his audio-post production skills under the leadership of  Frank Verderosa at Planet V, New York City. Working with digital artist and multimedia producer Helena Bulaja resulted in composing and recording the score for the fairytale Regoch (2006), which can be heard on the release of "Croatian Tales of Long Ago, Part Two" and collaborating in Helena Bulaja's latest project about Nikola Tesla, which features Laurie Anderson and Terry Gilliam amongst other artists. Christian composed the score for director Marc Meyer's film Sunday, in August, which was broadcast on France 3, and won the Minister of Art Promotion Prize at the Film Festival in Dresden in 2005. The same year he teamed up with New York-based director Matthew Timms, sound designing and scoring the film How I know you (2005). Working at Park Road Post as an editor in 2006, Christian contributed also a string quartet piece for Academy Award nominee, Taika Waititi's feature film "Eagle vs. Shark" (2007) alongside the original soundtrack by the Phoenix Foundation.  In 2007 he composed the score for Marc Meyer's feature film debut  (2007) and the music for Paul Swadel's TV One New Zealand documentary  "The Big Picture" (2007) in collaboration with Dave Whitehead and Riki Gooch, which won "Best Original Score" at the Qantas Television Awards 2008. The same year, he completed the score for Brigitte Bertele's award winning feature film: "Nacht Vor Augen"(2008), which premiered on the 58th Berlin International Film Festival 2008 and one episode of the classic German crime show  "Tatort", directed by Didi Danquart. Christian wrote the film music to Brigitte Bertele's second feature film  (2011) which won for "best director" at the Montreal World Film Festival 2011, and to Juraj Lerotic's short film "Then I See Tanja" (2010), which won in the category "Checkers" at the Zagreb Film Festival 2010. In 2011 he scored 4 episodes of the German children's TV series "Löwenzahn" and the documentary "Family Meals" by Dana Budisavljević.

Paragraph 10: Modern Manisa is a booming center of industry and services, advantaged by its closeness to the international port city and the regional metropolitan center of İzmir and by its fertile hinterland rich in quantity and variety of agricultural production. In fact, İzmir's proximity also adds a particular dimension to all aspects of life's pace in Manisa in the form of a dense traffic of daily commuters between the two cities, separated as they are by a half-hour drive served by a fine six-lane highway nevertheless requiring attention at all times due to its curves and the rapid ascent (sea-level to more than 500 meters at Sabuncubeli Pass) across Mount Sipylus's mythic scenery.

Paragraph 11: The progression begins with Reg Birkett's try, scored in the first international rugby match of any code in 1871 when England succumbed to Scotland at Raeburn Place. When Birkett's try was scored, it was not worth any points in itself, but rather afforded the opportunity of the scoring side to kick a goal, or a "try at goal", which England failed to convert. Birkett, who also played association football for England, was for a short time during the match the joint international record holder as well, matching Angus Buchanan's earlier effort for Scotland. Despite the record being but a single try, Birkett's mark of one try for England stood for almost six years, although this equated at the time to just ten matches. In that time, at least a further eleven players matched the feat of scoring a try for England before William Hutchinson scored his second try of the match and his career in the eleventh England match on 5 February 1877. Hutchinson set a mark that was to last for exactly four years when Henry Taylor, who had already equalled the record, scored three times against Ireland on 5 February 1881. Taylor played in the same side as another prolific scorer of tries, George Burton. Burton equalled the mark of five tries in England's comprehensive victory over Wales in the latter's first international. In that match, on 19 February 1881, of the thirteen tries scored, Taylor scored once but Burton scored four times, which was in itself a record haul for one match that was to last until 1907. The tries scored in this match brought both players to six apiece, but as to which of these players reached that mark first is unclear. It was not until 1885 that another pairing of prolific try scorers, Wilfred Bolton and Charles Wade, both equalled the haul of six tries. Wade went on to hold the record outright for over fifteen years after he scored his seventh try on 2 January 1886 against Wales. It was Tot Robinson that was to break this record on 9 March 1901 with his mark of eight tries and no one challenged this until Arthur Hudson equalled and then broke it at Parc des Princes when England defeated France on 3 March 1910. For the third time, England was fielding a pairing of prolific try scorers, and alongside Hudson was John Birkett. John Birkett was the son of England's first try scorer, Reg Birkett and had scored the first try at Twickenham Stadium. He went on to set the England record with ten tries on 8 April 1912.

Paragraph 12: A chronospecies is a species derived from a sequential development pattern that involves continual and uniform changes from an extinct ancestral form on an evolutionary scale. The sequence of alterations eventually produces a population that is physically, morphologically, and/or genetically distinct from the original ancestors. Throughout the change, there is only one species in the lineage at any point in time, as opposed to cases where divergent evolution produces contemporary species with a common ancestor. The related term paleospecies (or palaeospecies) indicates an extinct species only identified with fossil material. That identification relies on distinct similarities between the earlier fossil specimens and some proposed descendant although the exact relationship to the later species is not always defined. In particular, the range of variation within all the early fossil specimens does not exceed the observed range that exists in the later species.

Paragraph 13: Homer and Bart say the car was stolen in the church parking lot. The next morning they are surprised however to learn that Groundskeeper Willie was arrested for stealing the car, as he matched the description they gave of the carjacker as a "foreign loner with wild, bushy hair". Not wanting to admit they were conned, Homer and Bart go along with Marge's theory. At the trial, the Blue Haired Lawyer leads Homer to say that it was Willie who stole the car. After Willie is proven guilty, he snatches Wiggum's gun and shoots Principal Skinner. At this point, Homer finally confesses that he got conned, but Marge and the townspeople themselves tell Homer and Bart that they set up the trial and the carjacking to teach them a lesson on conning people, revealing that Skinner was not really shot (it was a fake blood pack and the gun was loaded with blanks), the judge was Grampa wearing a latex mask, and the con man who stole their car was an actor called Devon Bradley. (Willie, however, was not privy to this scheme, as he angrily states.) As Lisa is ready to explain why the town, media and police officials had "nothing better to do" than show them the consequences of their actions, Otto runs through the courtroom doors, shouting, 'Surf's Up!'. The scene then cuts to Springfield at the beach, with characters from the episode surfing, including the waiter from the restaurant, the two astronauts from the Mir space station and the sturgeon swimming in the sea.

Paragraph 14: Vincent Canby of The New York Times wrote a positive review of the film, describing it as having "a whole range of jokes that are funny primarily because they are in absolutely terrible taste." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film 2.5 stars out of 4 and called it "only a slightly above-average comedy. It starts out with a number of funny sequences, and Feldman is funny-looking for a few minutes. But I don't find him interesting enough or funny enough or likable enough to carry an entire movie." Arthur D. Murphy of Variety wrote that the film "emerges as an often hilarious, if uneven, spoof of Foreign Legion films ... An excellent cast, top to bottom, gets the most out of the stronger scenes, and carries the weaker ones." Charles Champlin of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "There are too few jokes and rapturous inventions to sustain even the movie's brief 85 minutes, some of those that exist are strained too hard and some should have been dropped after the first draft. It gets to be a long siege at the fort." Gary Arnold of The Washington Post wrote, "Although there's no difference in the games they like to play, Feldman seems a shaky, bush-league terrible joker compared to a prodigal, big-league terrible joker like [Mel] Brooks ... Feldman often seems uncertain about whether a sight gag will pay off, so to reassure himself, he'll run it into the ground." Penelope Gilliatt of The New Yorker called the film "recklessly funny" and "a hilarious exercise in taste run amok." Tom Milne of The Monthly Film Bulletin declared it "a ragbag of a film which looks like nothing so much as a Monty Python extravaganza in which inspiration has run dry and the comic timing gone sadly awry."

Paragraph 15: At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec, Czech Republic, four Nordic combined were held. It also showed the biggest format changes since the introduction of the Gundersen method at the 1985 World Championships in Seefeld, Austria. In addition to the 10 km mass start event, there were changes in the Gundersen-based individual events. The 7.5 km sprint event was changed to a 10 km individual large hill event while the 15 km individual event was changed to a 10 km individual normal hill event with both being approved in September 2008. These changes also affected the Nordic combined program for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver though the mass start was excluded. The United States, which had two medals in Nordic combined prior to this championships (Johnny Spillane: gold in 7.5 km sprint at Val di Fiemme in 2003 and Bill Demong: silver in 15 km individual at Sapporo in 2007), won a total of four medals with three golds and a bronze. Todd Lodwick, whose previous best individual finish at the world championships was 13th in the 7.5 km sprint at Oberstdorf in 2005, won golds in the 10 km mass start and 10 km individual normal hill events. His teammate Bill Demong won a gold in the 10 km individual large hill and bronze in the 10 km individual normal hill events. Germans Tino Edelmann and Björn Kircheisen each won a silver in the 4 x 5 km freestyle team event, then won individual silver medals in the 10 km mass start and 10 km individual large hills events, respectively. France's Jason Lamy Chappuis earned two bronze medals, earning them in the 10 km individual large hill and 10 km mass start. Norway's Jan Schmid won a silver in the 10 km mass start and a bronze in the 4 x 5 km freestyle event. A fourth American medal was prevented when Demong was disqualified in the ski jumping part of the 4 x 5 km freestyle team event for failing to wear his bib during competition, dropping the US to 12th and forcing their withdrawal from the cross country portion of the event. The Japanese won their first gold medal at the championships in the team event since 1995 when they edged the Germans in a photo finish. Current World Cup leader Anssi Koivuranta of Finland has a disappointing world championships, earning his best finish of fourth both in the 10 km individual normal hill and 10 km mass start events. Norway's Magnus Moan, second in the World Cup standings, also had a disappointing championships as well, with a best place finish of fifth in the 10 km individual large hill events even though he set the fastest cross-country skiing portion time in both the 10 km individual large hill and the 10 km individual normal hill events.

Paragraph 16: Coming into his junior season, Bullington was touted as one of the best collegiate pitchers in the country. In his third start of the season, he tossed 8 strong innings in a winning effort over the defending National Champion and 17th ranked Miami Hurricanes. On May 3, Bullington struck out a career-high 15 batters against Eastern Michigan, surpassing Bob Owchinko for the most career strikeouts in MAC history. He allowed only 5 hits and a run over 8 innings en route to his 9th win of the season. He finished the regular season with a 10–2 mark and a conference best 2.11 ERA. Bullington and the Cardinals were seeded 4th in the conference tournament and slated to face Kent State in their opening game. For the second consecutive year though, the Golden Flashes had Bullington's number in the tournament, scoring 6 runs off him in the first inning on their way to a 13–4 win. The Cardinals went on to advance to the championship, where they met undefeated Kent State again 3 days later. In an effort to avoid a repeat of the first game, Coach Rich Maloney chose to bring Bullington out of the bullpen in relief. Bullington entered the game in the 4th inning and allowed 5 runs over 6 innings. Despite the rough outing though, it was enough to earn him his career-high 11th win of the season, thanks to 16 runs of support. Bullington finished 11–3 with a conference best ERA of 2.86 for the year, and broke his own single season strikeout record with 139 strikeouts. He finished the season leading the MAC in wins, ERA, strikeouts, and innings pitched for the 2002 season. He recorded double-digit strikeouts in 8 of his starts. He was once again named the MAC's Pitcher of the Year, becoming the first player to win the honor in consecutive seasons, and received first-team all-conference honors for the third consecutive season. Nationally, he was unanimously recognized as a First-Team All-American and named a finalist for the Dick Howser Trophy. After being drafted first overall, he decided to forgo his senior season and sign with the Pittsburgh Pirates. He left Ball State as the winningest pitcher in school history. He still holds the school records for most career wins (29), most single-season strikeouts (139), most career strikeouts (357), and tied for most single-season wins (11). As of 2012, he holds the Mid-American Conference record in career strikeouts and single-season strikeouts. He is one of only twelve players to be named first-team All-MAC for three consecutive seasons. In 2010, the Ball State Daily News named Bullington the third best athlete to come from the school since 1990.

Paragraph 17: Reservoir opened as a commuter rail station on the Charles River Branch Railroad (by then merged into the Charles River Railroad) in November 1852. In 1883, the Boston and Albany Railroad bought the line between Brookline Junction and Cook Junction and extended it to Reservoir as its Highland branch, running Newton Circuit service beginning in 1886.  The addition of the West End Street Railway on Beacon Street in 1887 caused a construction boom in Brookline and Cleveland Circle, by making it easy for residents to commute into work in downtown Boston.  The line was electrified in 1889 and in 1896 extended to Boston College (Lake Street) via Chestnut Hill Avenue and Commonwealth Avenue. Around 1932 it was cut back to Cleveland Circle.

Paragraph 18: The store has been the subject of two documentary films: the 2001 film Dita and the Family Business, exploring the store from the point of view of its owners, and the 2013 feature documentary Scatter My Ashes at Bergdorf's, which features many testimonials from designers and celebrities. In 1953’s movie How to Marry a Millionaire, Lauren Bacall, Betty Grable, and Marilyn Monroe consider “the mink department at Bergdorf’s” the ideal location to meet men. Cary Grant sent Doris Day on a shopping spree at the store in the 1962 movie That Touch of Mink. The store has also made several appearances in the cartoon Neo Yokio. The protagonist, Kaz Kaan, and his rival, Arcangelo, both buy their suits from Bergdorf's. Most recently, Bergdorf Goodman was featured in a scene of the film Ocean's 8 in which Sandra Bullock's character steals cosmetics from the store. In 2019, news journalist E. Jean Carroll alleged that Donald Trump had sexually assaulted her in a Bergdorf Goodman dressing room in the 1990s. The store was prominently featured in the film Arthur in 1981. The store was featured in the Miss Piggy/ Joan Rivers scene of The Muppets Take Manhattan. The store was also featured in Sex and the City as a favorite shopping location of central character Carrie Bradshaw.  It was particularly featured in the Sex and the City 2 movie. In the television show Parks and Recreation, the character April Ludgate pretends on multiple occasions to be an exaggerated socialite named "Janet Snakehole," whose husband keeps her in "the finest Bergdorf Goodman" clothing. The first time April plays this character within a character, she is mock arrested by another character-in-character, Andy Dwyer pretending to be FBI agent Burt Macklin. Macklin attempts to arrest Snakehole, causing Snakehole to shriek that she never stole the (assumedly Bergdorf Goodman) jewels, her sister did, "but now she's been eaten by wolves!"

Paragraph 19: He didn't espouse any statements of anarchism, his interest being manifested in a series of attacks and robberies which he organised with a premise of financing anarchism after his return to Madrid.  In 1932, he stole 35,000 pesetas from the home of Agapito Velasco whom he accused of withholding funds from the canteens of the Asistencia Social. He robbed a branch of the Banco de Vizcaya, taking 40,000 pesetas. After stealing an arsenal of weapons, he was captured and sent to Colmenar Viejo prison but escaped after injuring a prison officer. At the beginning of the Spanish Civil War, in July 1936, he was recovering from a bout of tuberculosis in the cárcel Modelo de Madrid when prisoners were released, many joining anarchist groups. He was released two weeks later. Some local CNT members were integrated into the informally-titled checa de Fomento [the word checa taken from revolutionary Russia to mean a committee or unit]. It was officially called the Comité Provincial de Investigación Pública de Madrid (CPIP), which received Spanish state funding to unify and control repression of the Nationalist rebels. Sandoval went to Ricardo Amor Nuño Pérez - in overall charge of the checas - and was ordered to join the checa of the cinema Europa (in the suburb of Cuatro Caminos), which became notorious for its violence, torture, rapes and murders. Sandoval's group of assassins - all released criminals - roamed the city in a car targeting pro-Nationalists elements and taking revenge on former captors by killing prison staff. On 21 August 1936, he led two groups of the CPIP militia to the cárcel Modelo de Madrid to continue questioning Falangist prisoners, who had been searched, interrogated, harangued and robbed by militia since 15 August following rumours of Falangist sympathisers amongst prison staff and a planned escape attempt. Stoked further by a Nationalist-rebel air-raid over the prison area on 22 August, an angry Republican crowd - fed by the rumours over days - had grown outside the prison demanding the release of prisoners and baying for punishment of the right-wingers inside. Hundreds of prisoners demanded to be released. Sandoval told them he would release them if they joined the CNT. An external machine-gun attack - later presumed to have been set up by anarchist militiamen at Sandoval's direction - killed seven right-wing prisoners and injured others. Under pressure, officials sought advice on the possible release, but Sandoval decided to go ahead with it regardless, releasing about two hundred, some of whom rampaged in the prison. The CPIP militia then looked through the prison records, chose over thirty right-wing prisoners and killed them after a brief "trial"; the dead included liberals, conservatives and former government ministers in protective custody, shocking to both Republican and Nationalist sentiments. Journalists from El Socialista had gained access to the prison and the situation was condemned in the next edition. The government arranged Tribunales Populares rapidly to try and quell the lawlessness.

Paragraph 20: Meanwhile, Becca is outraged when her religious parents (who do not know about her sexual history) decide to send her to boarding school, and Hannah is alienated at school because of her mother. She leaves her house one night and goes to her friend Tommy's house. They both realize they like each other and make out. Hannah wants to have sex, but Tommy refuses, explaining that he likes her but wishes to wait, as they are too young. Hannah becomes even more emotionally distraught, thinking he is not interested because she has been called a 'slut' and runs off. When Hannah's parents return home and see that she is gone, her mother goes off to find her. Walking around by herself in the street, Hannah calls Dawn and Becca. Dawn is grounded and is not allowed to speak with Hannah, and Becca is making out in a car with two boys and does not hear her phone. Hannah goes to a party, where many of the kids from her school are present, looking for Becca. Brad, the party's host, directs Hannah to the basement, and when she realizes that Becca is not there, he attempts to have sex with her. She refuses, but he tries to force her into it. Tommy barges into the room, takes a picture of Brad and threatens to send it to 9-1-1. Brad leaves Hannah and ends the party. Tommy takes Hannah back to his house and calls her parents. They come to fetch her, relieved to see she is alright. Hannah apologizes to them and her mother promises that things will be better from now on. The end of the film shows Becca has snuck back into her room and begins to cry. Dawn is playing Scrabble with her mother as her sister, Tess, who is not playing, sneaks off to Dawn's room. In there, she picks up one of Dawn's "sexy" shirts, takes off her glasses and models in front of the mirror, implying she may try to be 'like Dawn'. At the end of the film, Alexis Dziena appears to give a public service announcement urging teens to wait to have sex because of both physical and emotional consequences.

Paragraph 21: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as Executive Officer of the Second Battalion, Twenty-Second Marines, Sixth Marine Division, in action against enemy Japanese forces on Okinawa Shima in the Ryukyu Islands, 14 and 15 May 1945. Ordered to hold for the night in static defense behind Sugar Loaf Hill after leading the forward elements of his command in a prolonged fire fight, Major Courtney weighed the effect of a hostile night counterattack against the tactical value of an immediate Marine assault, resolved to initiate the assault, and promptly obtained permission to advance and seize the forward slope of the hill. Quickly explaining the situation to his small remaining force, he declared his personal intention of moving forward and then proceeded on his way, boldly blasting near-by cave positions and neutralizing enemy guns as he went. Inspired by his courage, every man followed without hesitation, and together the intrepid Marines braved a terrific concentration of Japanese gunfire to skirt the hill on the right and reach the reverse slope. Temporarily halting, Major Courtney sent guides to the rear for more ammunition and possible replacements. subsequently reinforced by twenty-six men and a LVT load of grenades, he determined to storm the crest of the hill and crush any planned counterattack before it could gain sufficient momentum to effect a break-through. Leading his men by example rather than by command, he pushed ahead with unrelenting aggressiveness, hurling grenades into cave openings on the slope with devastating effect. Upon reaching the crest and observing large numbers of Japanese forming for action less than one hundred yards away, he instantly attacked, waged a furious battle and succeeded in killing many of the enemy and in forcing the remainder to cover in the caves. Determined to hold, he ordered his men to dig in and, coolly disregarding the continuous hail of flying enemy shrapnel to rally his weary troops, tirelessly aided casualties and assigned his men to more advantageous positions. Although instantly killed by mortar burst while moving among his men, Major Courtney, by his astute military acumen, indomitable leadership and decisive action in the face of overwhelming odds, had contributed essentially to the success of the Okinawa Campaign and his great personal valor throughout sustained and enhanced the highest traditions of the United States Naval Service. He gallantly gave his life for his country.

Paragraph 22: For 1973, The Surtees team updated the TS14 into the TS14A and the driver line up was former motorcycle champion, Englishman Mike Hailwood and Brazilian José Carlos Pace. The first race of 1973 was the 1973 Argentine Grand Prix and both drivers retired on the same lap, Hailwood with suspension failure and Pace with a broken halfshaft. At Brazil the Englishman retired with a broken gearbox and the Brazilian at his home track retired with suspension failure. At the South African Grand Prix, both drivers retired with accidents, Pace had a flat tyre and Hailwood crashed with Clay Regazzoni's BRM. Regazzoni's car burst into flames with the unconscious Swiss driver at the wheel. Hailwood dived into the flames, undid Regazzoni's belts and managed to drag him clear. Hailwood was later awarded the George Medal for his bravery. Regazzoni was rushed to hospital but he had only minor burns. Both drivers retired at Spain, the Englishman with an oil leak and the Brazilian with a broken halfshaft. The Belgian Grand Prix saw Pace finish eighth and Hailwood retire with an accident. At Monaco, the Englishman finished eighth and the Brazilian retired with a broken halfshaft. The Swedish Grand Prix saw Hailwood retire with a tyre problem and Pace finished 10th, At France, the Englishman retired with an oil Leak and the Brazilian finished 13th. The British Grand Prix saw Jochen Mass join Pace and Hailwood for a one off drive but all were eliminated in a first lap crash with Jody Scheckter (McLaren), Jean-Pierre Beltoise (BRM), Andrea de Adamich (Brabham), Roger Williamson (March) and the Shadow cars of George Follmer (Works Shadow), Jackie Oliver (Works Shadow) and Graham Hill (privateer Shadow) all involved. Hill was the only one able to drive away from the scene. At Holland, the Englishman retired with an electrical problem and the Brazilian finished seventh. The German Grand Prix saw Mass rejoin the team for a one off drive alongside Pace and Hailwood and all three drivers finished, Pace fourth, Mass seventh and Hailwood 14th. At Austria, the Englishman finished tenth and the Brazilian third. The Italian Grand Prix saw Hailwood seventh and Pace retired with a tyre problem. At Canada, the Englishman finished ninth and the Brazilian retired with wheel problems. The United States Grand Prix saw Mass rejoin the team for a one off drive alongside Pace and Hailwood and all three drivers retired, Pace and Hailwood had suspension failure and Mass with engine failure.

Paragraph 23: Duty at Shepherdsville, Ky., October to December 1861. Moved to New Haven, Ky., and guard Louisville & Nashville Railroad and Lebanon Branch and at Bowling Green, Ky., and Franklin, Ky., until July 1862 (a detachment at Gallatin, Tenn.). Operations against Morgan July 4–28. Lebanon July 12. Attack on Gallatin August 12 (Companies A, B, D, E, and F). Guarding railroad and operating against guerrillas between Green River and the Cumberland River and Louisville & Nashville Railroad until December 1862. Munfordville and Woodsonville, Ky., September 14–17 (Company I). Garrison at Clarksville, Tenn., December 1862, to August 1863. Regiment mounted and engaged in scouting about Clarksville with many skirmishes. Ordered to Columbia August 25. Scouting and outpost duty on flanks of the army and about Chattanooga until January 1864. Action at Railroad Tunnel, near Cowan, October 9, 1863 (detachment). Reconnaissance toward Dalton, Ga., January 21–23, 1864. Near Dalton January 22. Picketing roads south of Chattanooga toward Lafayette, Resaca and Dalton, Ga., until March. Demonstration on Dalton, Ga., February 22–27. Rocky Faced Ridge and Buzzard's Roost Gap February 23–25. At Pulaski, Tenn., until April. At Lee and Gordon's Mills until April 20. Dismounted April 20 and joined IV Corps. Atlanta Campaign May 1 to September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge and Dalton May 8–13. Buzzard's Roost Gap May 8–9. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Adairsville May 17. Near Kingston May 18–19. Near Cassville May 19. Advance on Dallas May 22–25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kenesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruff's Station or Smyrna Camp Ground July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Buckhead or Nancy's Creek July 18. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Nashville Campaign November–December. In front of Columbia November 24–27. Spring Hill November 29. Battle of Franklin November 30. Battle of Nashville December 15–16. Pursuit of Hood to the Tennessee River December 17–28. Moved to Huntsville, Ala., and duty there until March 1865. Expedition to Bull's Gap and operations in eastern Tennessee March 15-April 22. Moved to Nashville, Tenn., and duty there until June. Moved to New Orleans, thence to Texas June and July. Duty at San Antonio and Victoria until December.

Paragraph 24: He was further criticized for failing to limit his negative advertisements to 50% of his campaign's total publicity as Kaine proposed. One such advertisement featured a father whose son had been murdered by a man who was on Virginia's death row; the father expressed doubt that the sentence would be carried out if Kaine were elected and alleged that Kaine would not even have authorized the execution of Adolf Hitler, based on an interview with the Richmond Times-Dispatch. The negative reaction to the mention of Hitler combined with Kaine's pledge to carry out the death penalty and explanation of his personal opposition as arising from his Catholic faith helped to neutralize what many observers thought would've been a potent issue for Kilgore.  Kaine's campaign also ran an ad entitled "Wrong" quoting many Virginia newspapers in their condemnation of Kilgore and his campaign ads which stated (all caps emphasis) "All these newspapers can't be WRONG: 'Jerry Kilgore's ads are a VILE attempt to manipulate for political gain. . . they TWIST the truth. . . and SMEAR Tim Kaine. . . Kilgore's attacks are DISHONEST. . . FALSELY accuse Kaine. . . and TAR a decent man. . . Kilgore CROSSED the line. . . DRAGGING Kaine's beliefs through the mud. . . Jerry Kilgore should APOLOGIZE to Tim Kaine.'"

Paragraph 25: Bobrov began playing ice hockey for CSKA a year after his football start, in 1946. However, due to a knee injury sustained during the football season, he missed the first season. His playing career in this sport lasted until 1957, with the years between 1950 and 1953 spent with VVS. Although football was Bobrov's first sport, his success in ice hockey was even greater. In 1947–48, his first season of play, Bobrov scored 52 goals in 18 games. In 1950, a plane crash almost killed the entire VVS Moscow team. Bobrov survived the crash as he overslept and travelled by rail. In the Soviet League, which his teams won seven times, Bobrov scored 254 goals in 130 games; he is one of three players who averaged more than a goal per game in the Soviet Championship (along with Alexei Guryshev and Viktor Shuvalov; the three were linemates). During his career Bobrov was known for his "timing and vision." Anatoli Tarasov said he "controlled the rubber," and later observed that Bobrov was "in slow motion in a way much like [Wayne] Gretzky, which could slow down the whole game and give him seemingly more time to think, to compose the next verse." However he did not focus on defence, and would often stay at centre ice for periods of 10 to 20 seconds.

Paragraph 26: In 1658, a French Capuchin monastery was founded by the site; in 1669 the monastery succeeded in purchasing the monument, which by the early 19th century was being used as the monastery library. The monument was popularly known as the "Lantern of Demosthenes" or "Lantern of Diogenes", although a reading of its inscription by Jacob Spon had established its original purpose.  The young British architects James "Athenian" Stuart and Nicholas Revett published the first measured drawings of the monument in their Antiquities of Athens (London 1762). The monument became famous in France and England through engravings of it, and contemporary versions of it became eye-catching features in several English landscape gardens. Lord Byron stayed at the monastery  during his second visit to Greece. In 1818, friar Francis planted in its gardens the first tomato plants in Greece. In 1821 the convent was burned by the Ottomans during the Greek War of Independence, and subsequently demolished, and the monument was inadvertently exposed to the weather. In 1829, the monks offered the structure to an Englishman on tour, but it proved to be too cumbersome to disassemble and ship. Lord Elgin negotiated unsuccessfully for the monument, by then an icon in the Greek Revival.

Paragraph 27: Chast grew up in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn, the only child of George Chast, a high school French and Spanish teacher, and Elizabeth, an assistant principal in an elementary school. Her Jewish parents were children during the Great Depression, and she has spoken about their extreme frugality. She graduated from Midwood High School in Brooklyn, and attended Kirkland College (which later merged with Hamilton College). She studied at the Rhode Island School of Design and received a BFA in painting in 1977. She also holds honorary doctorates from Pratt Institute, Dartmouth College, and the Art Institute of Boston at Lesley University; and is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

Paragraph 28: In the mid-1960s, the ESC became involved in issues of censorship. Their premiere productions of Osborne's A Patriot for Me and Saved by Edward Bond (both 1965) necessitated the theatre turning itself into a "private members club" to circumvent the Lord Chamberlain, formally responsible for the licensing of plays until the Theatres Act 1968. The succès de scandale of the two plays helped to bring about the abolition of theatre censorship in the UK. During the period of Devine's directorship, besides Osborne and Bond, the Royal Court premiered works by Arnold Wesker, John Arden, Ann Jellicoe and N.F. Simpson. Subsequent Artistic Directors of the Royal Court premiered work by Christopher Hampton, Athol Fugard, Howard Brenton, Caryl Churchill, Hanif Kureishi, Sarah Daniels, Errol John, Timberlake Wertenbaker, Martin Crimp, Sarah Kane, Sylvia Wynter, Mark Ravenhill, Martin McDonagh, Simon Stephens, Leo Butler, Polly Stenham and Nick Payne. Early seasons included new international plays by Bertolt Brecht, Eugène Ionesco, Samuel Beckett, Jean-Paul Sartre, and Marguerite Duras. In addition to the 400-seat proscenium arch Theatre Downstairs, the much smaller studio Theatre Upstairs was opened in 1969, at the time a 63-seat facility. The Rocky Horror Show premiered there in 1973. The theatre was Grade II listed in June 1972.

Paragraph 29: The kingdom of Balandshah's descendants was established at Sonbhadra in the 12th century. Balandshah (Khayaravala) Kharwar dynasty belonged to the Suryavansh.The kingdom was extended to the Belan river near Ghoraval and to Palamu like the east, Singrauli to the south and Sidhi, Rewa and Ambikapur in Madhya Pradesh. Which was not small in terms of the conditions of the 12th century (Ramnath Shivendra 1984) Mirzapur Gazetteer (1984) states that this state was quite prosperous, till the end of 12th century there was the rule of Madanshah, a descendant of Balandshah, in the 12th century. Finally, there was a war between the Chauhans and the Chandels on the banks of the Vetravati (present-day Vetva) river. This war was fought by the Chandelsunder the leadership of Barimal and Parimaland Chandela was defeated in this battle and Vijayashree Chauhano was defeated. Gazetteer writes on the basis of public opinion that Kharwar, who escaped from Barimal and Parimal war zones, reached the court of King Madanshah and sought refuge. He is hired by the Madanshah and is entrusted with the care of livestock elephant horses and descendants of the present-day Badhar state believe that he was appointed as the minister of Angori state. Gradually, they strengthen their position and establish their credibility. Gazetteer further states that, Madanshah was ill, His son was said to take part in the war. Madanshah, Chandel Parimal and Barimal, takes the task here to convey the news of his body to his son. Barimal and Parimal did not convey this information to Madanshah's son and Madanshah dies. Before dying, they hand over the key of the treasure to Parimal and Barimal. Parmal and Barimal declare their king. Madanshah's son returns for Agori and makes his stop around the Panda River, about thirty miles from Agori. Dantushruti is a descendant of Balandshah, the king of Madwas. With the forces of Parimal and Barimal Agori, they surround and kill Madanshah's son Ramah and the prince of Agori. History repeats itself. Ghatam, a descendant of Balandshah and the successor of Madanshah, formed a new army in an unknown place. In Shivendra Mahendra (2005), it is speculated that this unknown area is Rohitashgandha of Sasaram or some place in the forest states mentioned by Samudragupta. In 1290 AD, Ghatam attacked the Chandela kings of Vijaygarh  Agori. All the men of the Chandela dynasty were killed and in the attack, a queen was safely a big role of her maid while escaping from the fort.

Paragraph 30: Mackenzie, known as Mac runs away from home in St. Louis and finds herself in the local homeless shelter where she befriends Katherine Chancellor (Jeanne Cooper). Mac shows Katherine a letter from her mother, Amanda which reveals that Mac's father is actually Katherine's son, Brock Reynolds (Beau Kazer). Mac, Kay and their friend Birdie move into the Chancellor Estate together much to the dismay of co-owner, Jill Abbott (Jess Walton). Jill's son, Billy (David Tom) returns and causes trouble when he throws a wild party to get back at Jill for grounding him. Mac ends up getting arrested when Jill accuses her of stealing; fortunately, Billy and attorney John Silva help get the charges dropped. Kay fails to find Brock in India and later receives a call that he is dead. A devastated Mac disappears forcing Billy and their friend Raul (David Lago) to search for her. Mac wanders into the local coffee house, Crimson Lights and is taken in by Nina McNeil (Tricia Cast). Mackenzie returns to the estate to pack her things when she is finally introduced to Brock, who is very much alive. Mac and Raul grow closer while Billy watches in jealousy. During J.T. Hellstrom (Thad Luckinbill)'s party, Billy collapses from alcohol poisoning and Raul saves his life. Though Billy and Mackenzie are at odds, she stays at his bedside and prays for his recovery. Billy and Mac are later voted prom king and queen when she beats out Brittany Hodges (Lauren Woodland) for the vote. The two finally admit how much they care for one another much to Jill's dismay. As Jill threatens to find Amanda to send Mackenzie back home, the two start seeing each other in secret and Billy gives Mac an opal ring as a symbol of their love. When Billy, Brittany and Raul are chosen to represent Glo by Jabot Kids, Mac helps Phyllis Summers with running the website. Brittany finds out about Billy and Mac's romance and arranges for Mac to walk in on her and Billy "making love" when she drugs him and fakes it. Billy tries to explain himself to a heartbroken Mac and it is J.T. who reveals that Mac and Billy have been seeing one another and that Brittany set her up. Billy and Brittany reconciled while Raul broke up with Mac for Rianna Miner (Alexis Thorpe). Mac and Billy are drawn together, and with help from his older brother, Jack (Peter Bergman), they soon begin dating with Jill's blessing when she learned of Brittany's schemes.