Paragraph 1: This large, violent wedge tornado touched down just southwest of Pembroke at 5:18 p.m. EDT (21:18 UTC) and quickly strengthened to EF2 intensity as it moved into town. It inflicted significant damage to the Bryan County Courthouse, which had many windows blown out and lost a large portion of its roof. The Bryan County Jail was also damaged and fencing around the facility was destroyed. The Bryan County Planning and Zoning office was partially unroofed, and also sustained some collapse of exterior walls. A couple of older wood-frame homes were destroyed along South Main Street, multiple other structures and several vehicles in town were also damaged, and many trees and power lines were downed. Moving east-northeast, the tornado exited the town and maintained EF2 intensity as it crossed over a wooded, marshy area, flattening a swath of trees while also destroying an outbuilding along C C Road, and heavily damaging a house on Stubbs Farm Road. After moving north of Ellabell and entering the small community of Black Creek, the tornado rapidly intensified and moved through George D. Hendrix Park at EF3 intensity. A large recreation center building was heavily damaged at this location, sustaining roof loss and collapse of exterior walls, with portions of its metal framing being twisted. Reinforced concrete light poles were snapped at the base, multiple large trees were snapped, denuded, and partially debarked, and turf at a football field in the park was also damaged. The tornado then grew to its peak width of about  and reached its peak intensity of mid-range EF4 as it struck the Park Place subdivision. Several well-built homes here were completely destroyed, four of which were leveled, including two that were completely swept away with only their bare concrete slab foundations remaining. These homes were anchor-bolted to their foundations, though there was no contextual damage evidence to support a rating above EF4. Multiple other homes sustained major damage in the Park Place subdivision, some of which had roofs and exterior walls ripped off. Cars were tossed and damaged, and a large portion of the roof from the recreation center at George D. Hendrix park landed on a house in this area, approximately  away from where it originated. Several people were left trapped under the rubble of their damaged or destroyed homes and had to be extracted by rescue crews. No fatalities occurred in the Park Place subdivision, though there were multiple serious injuries.

Paragraph 2: At the end of the empire and during the Merovingian period several saints, as follows, are counted among the Bishops of Lyon. Saint Justus (374-381) who died in a monastery in the Thebaid (Egypt) and was renowned for the orthodoxy of his doctrine in the struggle against Arianism (the church of the Maccabees, whither his body was brought, was as early as the 5th century a place of pilgrimage under the name of the collegiate church of Saint Justus). Saint Alpinus and Saint Martin (disciple of Saint Martin of Tours; end of 4th century); Saint Antiochus (400-410); Saint Elpidius (410-422); Saint Sicarius (422-33); Saint Eucherius (c. 433-50), a monk of Lérins and the author of homilies, from whom doubtless dates the foundation at Lyon of the "hermitages" of which more will be said below; Saint Patiens (456-98) who successfully combated the famine and Arianism, and whom Sidonius Apollinaris praised in a poem; Saint Lupicinus (491-94); Saint Rusticus (494-501); Saint Stephanus (d. before 515), who with Saint Avitus of Vienne convoked a council at Lyon for the conversion of the Arians; Saint Viventiolus (515-523), who in 517 presided with Saint Avitus at the Council of Epaone; Saint Lupus, a monk, afterwards bishop (535-42), probably the first archbishop, who when signing in 438 the Council of Orléans added the title of "metropolitanus"; Saint Sardot or Sacerdos (549-542), who presided in 549 at the Council of Orléans, and who obtained from King Childebert the foundation of the general hospital; Saint Nicetius or Nizier (552-73), who received from the pope the title of patriarch, and whose tomb was honoured by miracles. The prestige of Saint Nicetius was lasting; his successor Saint Priseus (573-588) bore the title of patriarch, and brought the council of 585 to decide that national synods should be convened every three years at the instance of the patriarch and of the king; Saint Ætherius (588-603), who was a correspondent of Saint Gregory the Great and who perhaps consecrated Saint Augustine, the Apostle of England; Saint Aredius (603-615); Saint Annemundus or Chamond (c. 650), friend of Saint Wilfrid, godfather of Clotaire III, put to death by Ebroin together with his brother, and patron of the town of Saint-Chamond, Loire; Saint Genesius or Genes (660-679 or 680), Benedictine abbot of Fontenelle, grand almoner and minister of Queen Bathilde; Saint Lambertus (c. 680-690), also abbot of Fontenelle.

Paragraph 3: Considerable attention was generated by the more sexual image of Furtado presented in promotion and publicity for the album, particularly in the music videos for "Promiscuous" and "Maneater", in which she dances around with her midriff exposed. According to Maclean's magazine, some said that Furtado's progression was a natural transformation of a pop singer; others believed that she had "sold out" in an effort to garner record sales, particularly after her second album was a commercial failure in comparison to her first. Maclean's wrote that her makeover "seems a bit forced" and contrasted her with singers such as Madonna and Emily Haines of Metric: "[they] seem to be completely in control, even somewhat intimidating in their sexuality: they've made a calculated decision for commercial and feminist reasons. In contrast, Furtado's new, overt sexuality comes off as unoriginal—overdone by thousands of pouty pop stars with a quarter of Furtado's natural talent ... the revamping feels as if it's been imposed rather than chosen by the unique, articulate singer we've seen in the past."Dose magazine wrote that Furtado's new "highly sexualized" image was manufactured, and noted the involvement in the album's development of Geffen's Jimmy Iovine, who helped to develop the Pussycat Dolls, a girl group known for their sexually suggestive dance routines. The writer also criticised Furtado's discussion of her buttocks and apparent rejection of feminism in a Blender magazine interview, writing: "Girls, do you hear that churning? Those are the ideas of Gloria Steinem turning in their grave." A writer for the CBC said that cynics could attribute Furtado's commercial success with Loose to her "amped-up sex appeal." The writer added that, the failure of Janet Jackson's album Damita Jo (2004) indicated such a move was not infallible. Furtado was "still demure compared to many of her competitors"—she avoided sporting lingerie or performing "Christina Aguilera-style gyrations or calisthenics" in the "Promiscuous" and "Maneater" videos. "Despite its dramatic arrival ... Furtado's new image doesn’t feel calculated", he said. "[She] seems to be thinking less and feeling more, to the benefit of her music."

Paragraph 4: Petrotrin became the embodiment of poor corporate governance, expressed in bad policy decisions, wastage, corruption and nepotism across governments. The power of the Oilfield Workers’ Trade Union over the company due to consolidation of past state oil companies made it even more difficult for management to institute changes. On 28 August 2018, it was announced by Prime Minister Dr Keith Rowley that Petrotrin would have to be shut down (although earlier stating in his political campaign they would not shut down the state-owned company) because of the government and company's inability to generate a profit during a period of low oil prices, where TT$8 billion was lost over five years. Also cited by the government was lack of competitiveness, declining production, TT$12 billion in debt, and the loss of foreign exchange due to the importation of oil to be used together with locally produced oil to keep the refinery in operation. According to the government, a cash injection of TT$25 billion would be required to refresh its infrastructure and repay its debt. On 30 November 2018, Petrotrin was shut down with the country's largest refinery officially closed after 101 years in operation. Approximately 5,500 permanent and temporary/casual employees lost their jobs.  

Paragraph 5: The only extant Life of St Samthann survives in three manuscripts, with the most complete form being in an early fourteenth-century manuscript, in Oxford, at the Bodleian Library, MS. Rawlinson B. 485 ff.150-3, as part of the Codex Insulensis.  Charles Plummer used all three manuscripts in his edition of the text, and notes that the other two forms of the Life are dependent on the Bodleian one.  In addition to Plummer's Latin edition, the Life has also been translated into English by Dorothy Africa.  There is only a small degree of variation between the three manuscripts, and no important omissions or additions, supporting the belief that this was a fairly faithful copy of the posited original that had undergone no drastic ecclesiastical editing.  The author's Latin is somewhat stilted, and prone to the occasional clichéd metaphorical phrase, but falls short of the overly convoluted style favoured in Late Latin writing. With one exception, the chronology of the Life follows a straightforward pattern beginning with the saint's marriage and ending with her death. The exception is a miracle regarding the saint's staff, occurring at chapter seventeen, which, whilst not specifically stated as such, would logically appear to belong after the saint's death.  The only other apparent error is in the final chapter, where Lasrianus, the founder of Devenish in Lough Erne, who died nearly two centuries earlier is represented as still being alive at the time of Samthann's death.  Plummer ascribes this error to the writer's ignorance of the name of the then abbot of Devenish (he is unnamed when previously mentioned in §10), believing that he inserted the only abbot he did know, whose Life he may well have had access to. Overall the consistency of style and language in addition to the cohesive chronology all point to a single author or redactor. There is nothing in the Life itself to give a clear indication as to its date of composition and the date of the posited original has been given as anywhere between the late eighth to the late thirteenth century. Associated evidence, however, such as the relatively short period of prominence for the monastery at Clonbroney (the convent, which may have been founded as early as the fifth century, fades from the records after the death of Abbess Caillechdomhnaill in 1163), the use of individual names (in particular Niall, son of Fergal, king of Cenél Éogain, and Uí Néill overlord from 763 to 770 and Flann son of Connla), and the association of the monastery in the mid- to late eighth century with the royal family of Tethba, in Cairpre Gabra, all support the notion that this Life was initially composed within a few generations of the saint's death, and is a well-preserved late eighth to early ninth century Life.

Paragraph 6: Mr. Peanutbutter (voiced by Paul F. Tompkins; born August 20, c. ) is an energetic and cheerful yellow Labrador Retriever who is BoJack's former sitcom rival and Diane's ex-boyfriend (and later ex-husband). Mr. Peanutbutter was the star of Mr. Peanutbutter's House, which, according to BoJack, "borrowed the premise" from Horsin' Around. He portrays many characteristics of an actual Labrador yet portrayed as a human-like character being sweet, loyal, kind, playful, and considerate. He had a stint at filming a celebrity reality show called Peanutbutter and Jelly. Despite their rivalry, Mr. Peanutbutter cares a great deal about BoJack's opinion and admires him for his work on Horsin' Around. He has an especially good relationship with Todd, and his positive attitude and financial resources combined with Todd's outlandish schemes and plans often result in the two starting questionable business ventures, such as a Halloween store that is exclusively open in January. In the episode "Let's Find Out", Mr. Peanutbutter starts hosting his own televised game show after his film company enters bankruptcy due to his and Todd's extensive expenditures on useless products. In "Hank After Dark", it is revealed that Mr. Peanutbutter was formerly married to a woman named Katrina who was emotionally abusive. His second wife was famous actress Jessica Biel, who is portrayed as being obsessed with her celebrity status and people recognizing her. He grew up in the Labrador Peninsula, which is depicted as being populated entirely by Labrador Retrievers. "Mr." is his actual first name. He often shouts to an offscreen, but implicatively outlandish, presence only known as "Erica". He is a graduate of Northwestern University. After his divorce with Diane, he started dating a pug named Pickles who is much younger than him but shares a lot of the same characteristics. At the end of the season 5 finale, he proposes to her, though only out of guilt after cheating on her with Diane. He does eventually tell Pickles of his infidelity which leads to the joint decision that for them to be even she must sleep with other men and him be fine with the situation. He later becomes the face of depression on a tour around the US talking about the mental illness with pop star Joey Pogo. During this time, he encourages Pickles to sleep with Joey Pogo due to their similarities, however this eventually backfires when Pickles leaves Mr. Peanutbutter for Pogo. He ends the series as a star of a widely successful TV show "Birthday Dad", and pays to restore the "D" in the Hollywood Sign (however he accidentally orders a "B", renaming it "Hollywoob" as referenced by Princess Carolyn). Mr. Peanutbutter also reveals to Bojack that he is happily single and in therapy working through his addiction to relationships and co-dependency.

Paragraph 7: In 1995 and 1996, Israel Finkelstein (Tel Aviv University) published two papers where he proposed a Low Chronology for the stratigraphy of Iron Age Israel. Finkelstein's model would push stratigraphic dates assigned by the conventional chronology by up to a century later, and consequently, Finkelstein concluded that much of the monumental architecture characterizing Israel in the 10th century BCE that has been traditionally associated with the biblical United Monarchy instead belongs to the 9th century. Finkelstein wrote that "Accepting the Low Chronology means stripping the United Monarchy of monumental buildings, including ashlar masonry and proto-Ionic capitals" According to Israel Finkelstein and Neil Silberman, the authors of The Bible Unearthed, ideas of a united monarchy are not accurate history but "creative expressions of a powerful religious reform movement" that are possibly "based on certain historical kernels." Finkelstein and Silberman accept that David and Solomon were real kings of Judah around the 10th century BCE, but they cite the fact that the earliest independent reference to the Kingdom of Israel dates to about 890 BCE and that to the Kingdom of Judah dates to about 750 BCE. Some see the united monarchy as fabricated during the Babylonian Exile transforming David and Solomon from local folk heroes into rulers of international status. Finkelstein has posited a potential United Monarchy under Jeroboam II in the 8th century BC, whereas the former one was potentially invented during the reign of Josiah to justify his territorial expansion.

Paragraph 8: In the spring of 1882, the warrior Na-tio-tisha lead a party of about 60 White Mountain Apache warriors. In early July they ambushed and killed four San Carlos policemen, including the police chief. After the ambush, Na-tio-tisha led his war-party northwest through the Tonto Basin. Local Arizona settlers were greatly alarmed and demanded protection from the U.S. Army. It sent out fourteen companies of U.S. Cavalry from forts across the region. In the middle of July, Na-tio-tisha led his war-party up Cherry Creek to the Mogollon Rim, intending to reach General Springs, a well-known water hole on the Crook Trail. Noticing they were being trailed by a single troop of cavalry, the Apache lay an ambush seven miles north of General Springs, where a fork of East Clear Creek cuts a gorge into the Mogollon Rim. The Apaches hid on the far side and waited. The cavalry company was led by Captain Adna Chaffee. The chief scout, Al Sieber, discovered the Apache trap and warned the troops. During the night, Chaffee's lone company was reinforced by four more from Fort Apache under the command of Major A.W. Evans. Then they were ready to begin the Battle of Big Dry Wash.

Paragraph 9: The film was shot at Villa Perucchetti in Via Pietro Paolo Rubens 21 in Rome. There are different recollections as to how long the film took to make; the schedule was from April 9 to May 5, 1962 with a 96 million lire budget. Freda stated the film was finished in two weeks, while film historians Alan Upchurch and Tim Lucas state that it was shot in 14 days. Marcello Avallone, who worked on the film with Gastaldi, stated that it took three weeks. Steele recalled that production had long 18-hour days "thanks to the massive doses of Sambuca and coffee. If a dolly collapsed, Freda would just pull the camera on a carpet. Nothing would stop that man." To film everything, Freda sped up proceedings by having three small crews work on the film at once. One of the crews was entrusted to Avallone, who Freda had bonded over through their mutual love of horse racing. Avallone stated that he shot things like close-ups and cutaways to save time.  Avallone mentioned that two versions of some sequences were shot: the original Italian, which was more suggestive and chaste, and another for foreign markets that was more risque, as Freda did not want to shoot the more explicit scenes. As of 2017, those versions have not been found. The assistant cameraman, Giuseppe Maccari, played down the second units, stating that multiple cameras were used only on some scenes, such as the climax with the fire in Hichock's villa. The film's make-up artist, Euclide Santoli, recalled the grotesque scenes where Hichcock's face swells and deforms right before the camera. To do the effect, Santoli used a double mask, with the first being thick and identical to the actor's face; it would be applied first, then a second mask that was thin was stuck to the other along the edges with tubes used to blow air through them. Freda later stated that the producers ruined the scenes with this special effect. Freda stated the producers had them split the nightmare scene into several pieces, instead of having it done as one long take.

Paragraph 10: In the waters on the western side of Lady Julia Percy Island lies pieces of a RAAF Avro Anson aircraft. On 15 February 1944, Avro Anson AW-878 of 2 Air Observer's School (2 A.O.S.) took off from Mount Gambier airfield in South Australia at 0800L hours on 15 February 1944 to carry out a radius of action navigation exercise. They were to fly from Mount Gambier to Douglas Point, radius of action to Lady Julia Percy Island, radius of action to Douglas Point and then back to Mount Gambier. At 1230L hours by which time the aircraft had not returned to base, overdue signals were sent out. At 1300L hours a search was carried out over the route of the exercise and at 1430L hours part of the main plane of the aircraft was sighted on Lady Julia Percy Island. A fishing boat searched in the vicinity of the island that evening and passed through small pieces of wreckage strewn over about 3 miles. A further search by boat was carried out the next morning in the same area which resulted in the recovery from the sea and the island of the port and starboard wingtips, the port aileron, the door to the gunner's cockpit, portion of a main spar, the top cover of a fuel tank bay and a Mae West. The top cover of the fuel tank bay had the number AW-878 in pencil on the underneath side and the Mae West was identified as having been drawn and signed for by Flight Sergeant MacLellan on 15 February 1944. The bodies of the 4 crew members were never located. Those crew members presumed to have lost their lives in this tragic accident were: Flight Sergeant James Henry MacLellan (410684) Pilot; Flight Sergeant Dennis Leslie Baulderstone (416712); LAC Norman Thomas Kruck (433368); and LAC Brian Carter Ladyman (436921).

Paragraph 11: A blackboard system is the central space in a multi-agent system. It's used for describing the world as a communication platform for agents. To realize a blackboard in a computer program, a machine readable notation is needed in which facts can be stored. One attempt in doing so is a SQL database, another option is the Learnable Task Modeling Language (LTML). The syntax of the LTML planning language is similar to PDDL, but adds extra features like control structures and OWL-S models. LTML was developed in 2007 as part of a much larger project called POIROT (Plan Order Induction by Reasoning from One Trial), which is a Learning from demonstrations framework for process mining. In POIROT, Plan traces and hypotheses are stored in the LTML syntax for creating semantic web services.

Paragraph 12: Kabolabad | Kabud Gonbad | Kabudan | Kadijan | Kadkhodalu-ye Bala | Kadkhodalu-ye Pain | Kafi ol Molk | Kaghlu Guzlu | Kahaq | Kahelqu | Kahjuq | Kahlik Bolaghi | Kahnamu | Kahriz | Kahvarin | Kalah Now | Kalahjah | Kalalaq | Kalaleh Eslami | Kalaleh | Kalaleh-ye Olya | Kalaleh-ye Sofla | Kalam | Kalan | Kalan | Kalankash | Kalantar | Kalantar-e Olya | Kalantar-e Sofla | Kalash | Kalasur | Kalb Ali Kandi | Kalb Kandi | Kalb Kandi | Kaleybar | Kalghan | Kalhor | Kalhur | Kali Quzi | Kalian | Kalijan | Kali-ye Olya | Kali-ye Sofla | Kalkesh | Kalkin | Kalleh Gah | Kalleh Gerd | Kalu | Kalu | Kalyan | Kamajari | Kamarkuh | Kamelabad | Kanbedan | Kandeh | Kandovan | Kandovan | Kandovan | Kangavar | Kangolabad | Kanzeh Rud | Kaqalaq | Karajabad | Karam Javan | Karameh | Karamjavan | Karamlu | Karangan | Karaviq | Kardowjin | Kargan-e Qadim | Kargaran | Kargartan | Kargas | Karimabad | Karimabad | Karkaj | Kasalan | Kasanaq | Kashan | Kasin | Kavanaq | Kavir | Kazaraj | Keh | Kehdolan | Kerishan | Kesajin | Keshish Qeshlaqi | Keyqobad | Kezbin | Khachik | Khadem Kandi | Khak Vanaq | Khaki | Khalaf Ansar | Khalaf Beygluy-e Olya | Khalaf Beygluy-e Sofla | Khalaf | Khalaj | Khalan | Khalfian | Khalifeh Baghi | Khalifeh Kamal | Khalifeh Kandi | Khalifeh Kandi | Khalifeh Kandi-ye Hatam | Khalifehlu | Khalifehlu | Khalileh Deh | Khalilvand | Khamaneh | Khan Kandi | Khan Kandi | Khan Khanom | Khan Yurdi | Khanamir | Khanbaghi | Khandaq | Khaneh Sar | Khaneh-ye Barq-e Isa Khani | Khaneh-ye Barq-e Jadid | Khaneh-ye Barq-e Qadim | Khaneh-ye Khosrow | Khaneqah Kandi | Khaneqah Kolahi | Khaneqah | Khaneqah | Khaneqah | Khaneqah | Khaneqah-e Sofla | Khanian | Khanqah | Kharaju | Kharaju | Kharil | Kharvana | Khasabad | Khasehlar | Khashen Daraq | Khaslu | Khatab-e Sofla | Khatun Gonay | Khatunabad | Khatunabad | Khatunabad | Khavaran | Khazar Guran-e Olya | Khelejan | Khenavand | Kheyr ol Din | Kheyrabad | Kheyrabad | Kheyreh Masjed | Khezerlu | Khezerlu | Khezrabad | Khoda Qoli | Khomarlu | Khorasanak Station | Khorasanlu | Khordeh Qeshlaq | Khorma Zard | Khormalu | Khorram Daraq | Khorramabad | Khoshgenab | Khosrowshahr | Khotai | Khotb | Khubestan | Khubyar | Khubyarlu | Khuniq | Khunirud | Khush Tazeh | Khusheh Mehr | Khuy Suroq | Khvajeh Aur | Khvajeh Deh | Khvajeh Dizaj | Khvajeh Ghias | Khvajeh Marjan | Khvajeh Shahi | Khvajeh | Khvajehlar-e Olya | Khvajehlar-e Sofla | Khvajehlar-e Vosta | Khvoindizaj | Khvor Khvor | Khvordeh Bolagh | Khvorjestan | Khvoshganab | Khvoy Narud | Kighal | Kin Ab | Kivaj | Kohban | Kohel Bolagh | Kohel Bolagh | Kohl Jik | Kohlan | Kohneh Lu | Kohneh Qeshlaq | Kohol | Kojaabad | Kolluk Daraq | Kolvanaq | Kolvanaq | Koman | Komar-e Olya | Komar-e Sofla | Kond Rud | Kond Rud | Kondelaj | Kor | Kord Ahmad-e Olya | Kord Ahmad-e Sofla | Kord Kandi | Kord Kandi | Kord Kandi | Kordabad | Kordasht | Kordeh Deh | Kordlaqan | Kordlar | Kordlar | Kordlar | Kordlar-e Tarancheh | Kor-e Sofla | Korjan | Korrab | Koshksaray | Kotalah Kamar | Kozanaq | Kuh Kamar | Kuhestanaq | Kuhnab | Kuhsalar-e Olya | Kuhsalar-e Sofla | Kujan | Kujan | Kukhalu | Kukhalu | Kula | Kuli Darreh | Kur Bolagh | Kur Molla | Kurakesh | Kuran | Kureh Bolagh | Kureh Daraq | Kurjeh | Kurzeh | Kusalar | Kusalar | Kusalar | Kuseh Safar | Kushan-e Mirza Rahim | Kushk | Kushnaq | Kutah Mehr | Kuzeh Kanan

Paragraph 13: The Toyota Chaser has been known as one of the 'triplet sedans' of Toyota, because it shares the same chassis with the Toyota Cressida/Mark II, and the Cresta, and afforded Toyota the opportunity to sell one platform at several different dealership sales channels. Most of the models use double wishbone suspension with coil springs, especially beginning with the X81 series. The Chaser and its platform sisters are considered a class below the Crown, allowing Toyota to offer a sedan with similar levels of luxury content, yet offering buyers lower tax liability and a more sporty image with a slightly smaller body length.

Paragraph 14: Rangers fan discontent was demonstrated during a Championship game against Queen of the South at Ibrox, with fans holding up red cards in the 18th and 72nd minutes, and this was not improved when, on 3 September, it was revealed that Mike Ashley bought the naming rights to Ibrox Stadium for just £1 in a deal with Charles Green in 2012. Concurrently, Rangers former commercial director Imran Ahmad finally succeeded in a bid to have £620,000 of club assets frozen prior to pursuing litigation over an alleged unpaid £500,000 bonus. A few days later the club were granted leave to appeal this decision yet, on 12 September, the club agreed a settlement with Ahmad much to the dismay of fans. As some Rangers supporters groups considered boycotting home matches in protest at the board, it was revealed that Ashley would not be participating in the share offer. Ashley's motivates for not investing became clear in the following month, namely withholding much needed money from the club in order to undermine the board. At the end of the share issue, on 12 September, it was announced that it had raised just over £3m which still £1m short of its minimum target. As the share issue was undertaken in order to allow Rangers to continue to operate into the new year but the failure to reach the targets meant that further funding was required. A few days later, it came to light that Sandy Easdale had met with several investors that had been introduced to him by Rafat Rizvi, a convicted fraudster wanted by Interpol, which led to calls by the Union of Fans for Easdale to resign. However, in a move to demonstrate his strength, Easdale increased his personal shareholding at Rangers to 5.21% on 24 September. On the same day as the club repaid the £1.5m loan to Sandy Easdale and George Letham. The next day, BNP Paribas bought a 5% stake in Rangers making it the fifth-highest shareholder but less than twenty-fours later it was revealed that the transaction was completed on Ashley's behalf thus increasing his stake to 8.92%. Less than a week later, Ashley's holding company, MASH Holdings, called for an EGM to remove chief executive Wallace. This signaled the start of a crucial stage in the boardroom power struggle at Rangers with King appearing to be outflanked by Ashley, who had secured the support of Sandy Easdale, David Sommers as well as the largest shareholder in Rangers, Laxey Partners.

Paragraph 15: For the first two series, the house was located in Bow, London near to the 3 Mills Studios. The second series had a bigger budget, and the house used was renovated for a new look. Despite a similar layout to the original house, the decorations and furniture were completely different. The new House had a "Cabin fever" theme, as the format of the show was similar to the feeling of having cabin fever. With this theme, there were wooden walls throughout the majority of the house. There was a living room, where important news such as nominations were revealed to the housemates. The kitchen remained simple, with only necessities such as an oven, fridge, and sink. In the "Diary Room", in which housemates may speak privately and reveal their true feelings to the public, there is a more interesting look to it. The background of the room has the appearance of a garage door, with the Big Brother eye logo imprinted on it. Like the previous season, there is a men's and women's bedroom, each with five beds in them. One of the five in each room is larger than all of the others. Unlike the previous season, however, the men and women were allowed to choose which bedroom belonged to which gender. The outside of the house features a chicken coop, with seven hens and one rooster. The housemates must care for the chickens during their stay in the house, and must also use the eggs from the chickens to eat, otherwise they must use some of their budget to buy eggs. The house also features a garden, which the housemates use to grow plants and vegetables to eat. The Housemates were later given a hot tub to use in the backyard, placed close to the garden. A new feature this year was the addition of the den outside, a small area in the backyard in which housemates could enter to lounge and speak to one another. There were no couches or seats, but there were various pillows scattered around.

Paragraph 16: The 1st Battalion was in Ranikhet, India, when the regiment was created as part of the Childers Reforms in 1881 as the Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) by the amalgamation of the 40th (the 2nd Somersetshire) Regiment of Foot and the 82nd Regiment of Foot (Prince of Wales's Volunteers). It was deployed to Aden in 1884 and returned to the United Kingdom in 1886, where it remained until 1899. The 1st Battalion lost 41 men during the Battle of Spion Kop in February 1900, but then captured Green Hill at the Battle of the Tugela Heights later that month during the Second Boer War.

Paragraph 17: In June 2006, Costa criticised the decision on the part of the UK government to downgrade cannabis from a Class B drug to Class C. This policy decision was later reversed by the UK parliament which requested that Cannabis be scheduled to Class B within the UK Misuse of Drugs Act. Cost has underlined in his writing that the confusion surrounding the classification of cannabis may have had a negative impact on young people within the UK who may well have been confused themselves as to the legal position of the drug. He has emphasised to that the lack of leadership from governments in how they are tackling their drug problem can have a negative impact on the nature of the drug problem within those countries.  In light of the obligations of signatories to the global drug control conventions he went further and stated that "it is fundamentally wrong for countries to make cannabis control dependent on which party is in government." After a brief period of declassification, Britain later reversed its policies and upgraded cannabis to a Class B drug again in 2009. In 2010 Antonio Maria Costa was awarded the Nils Bejerot prize in recognition of his international contribution to drugs policy and practice. This award is named after the person who many regard as the architect of the Swedish government's zero tolerance policy on drugs misuse.

Paragraph 18: Southern Song Chinese troops who defected and surrendered to the Mongols were granted Korean women as wives by the Mongols, whom the Mongols earlier took during their invasion of Korea as war booty. The many Song Chinese troops who defected to the Mongols were given oxen, clothes and land by Kublai Khan. As prize for battlefield victories, lands sectioned off as appanages were handed by the Yuan dynasty to Chinese military officers who defected to the Mongol side. The Yuan gave Song Chinese soldiers who defected to the Mongols juntun, a type of military farmland. Cherik soldiers were non-nomad soldiers in the Mongol military. Jin defectors and Han Chinese conscripts were recruited into new armies formed by the Mongols as they destroyed the Jin dynasty and these played a critical role in the defeat of the Jin. Han Chinese defectors led by General Liu Bolin defended Tiancheng from the Jin in 1214 while Genghis Khan was busy going back north. In 1215 Xijing fell to Liu Bolin's army. The original Han cherik forces were created in 1216 and Liu Bolin appointed as their leading officer. As Han troops kept defecting from the Jin to the Mongols the size of Han cherik forces swelled and they had to be partitioned between different units. Han soldiers made up the majority of the Khitan Yelu Tuhua's army, while Juyin soldiers (Khitans,  Tanguts, Ongguds and other vassal tribes) from Zhongdu made up Chalaer's army and Khitan made up Uyar's army. Chalaer, Yelu Tuhua and Uyar led three cherik armies in northern China under the Mongol commander Muqali in addition to his tamma armies in 1217–1218. The first Han armies in the Mongol army were those led by defecting individual officers. There were 1,000 Han (Chinese) troops each in 26 units which made up three tumed arranged by Ogedei Khan on a decimal system. The Han officer Shi Tianze, Han officer Liu Ni and the Khitan officer Xiao Chala, all three of whom defected to the Mongols from the Jin led these three tumed. Chang Jung, Yen Shi and Chung Jou led three additional tumed which were created before 1234. The Han defectors were called the "Black Army" (Hei Jun) by the Mongols before 1235. A new infantry based "New Army" (Xin Jun) was created after the Mongols received 95,000 additional Han soldiers through conscription once the 1236 and 1241 censuses were taken after the Jin was crushed. Han cherik forces were used to fight against Li Tan's revolt in 1262. The New Army and Black Army had hereditary officer posts like the Mongol army itself.

Paragraph 19: Part II, "The Life of the Good Anna", fills in the background.  Born in Germany, in her teens Anna emigrates to "the far South", where her mother dies of consumption. She moves to Bridgepoint near her brother, a baker, and takes charge of the household of Miss Mary Wadsmith and her young nephew and niece, who are orphans. Little Jane resists Anna’s strong will, but after Anna has provoked a showdown becomes "careful and respectful" and even gives Anna a green parrot. When after six years Jane is finally married, Anna refuses to follow Miss Mary in the new household. Mrs. Lehntman, a widow and midwife who "was the romance of Anna’s life", helps Anna tell Miss Wadsmith that she cannot accompany her. Anna then goes to work for Doctor Shonjen, a hearty bachelor, with whom she gets along. Previously Shonjen has operated on her, and Anna’s general health remains poor: she has headaches and is "thin and worn". When Mrs. Lehntman, who has two careless children, adopts a baby without consulting Anna, the latter is offended and spends more time with another large working family, the Drehtens. She also visits her brother the baker, but has trouble with her sister-in-law, though she eventually helps with her savings when her god-daughter niece is married. Mrs. Lehntman rashly decides to open a boarding house, and Anna despite her misgivings lends her the necessary money, for "Romance is the ideal in one’s life and it is very lonely living with it lost". Having been once defeated in the matter of Johnny's adoption, she can no longer impose her will in the relationship. ("In friendship, power always has its downward curve.") When Dr. Shonjen marries a "proud" and "unpleasant" woman, Anna seeks a new position. Encouraged by a fortune-teller, she goes to work for Miss Mathilda, and these are her happiest years, until finally her ailing favorite dog Baby dies and Miss Mathilda leaves permanently for Europe.

Paragraph 20: Because of uncertain chronology, there are several contradictory interpretations among the historians to outline the course of events. Historian Pál Engel, who first attempted to reconstruct the order of events in his 1988 study, argued the peace between Charles and the Borsas has collapsed by the first half of 1316. In the same time, Beke was replaced as Master of the treasury by the king's long-time supporter Demetrius Nekcsei. Accordingly, James Borsa made an alliance against Charles with Ladislaus Kán's sons and other lords, including Mojs, the Gutkeleds of Szilágyság (Sălaj) and Peter, son of Petenye. They also offered the crown to Andrew of Galicia. Engel, who connected their conspiracy with Stefan Milutin's campaign against Hungary, argued, they broke the rebellion around the end of 1316. As a part of this, Mojs was victorious over Nicholas Pok and expelled him from Transylvania. In contrast, historian Gyula Kristó argued in his 2003 publication that the skirmish between Mojs Ákos and Nicholas Pok took place at the end of 1315. He highlighted that Pok last appeared as Voivode in contemporary documents in April 1316. Accordingly, Nicholas Pok, who prepared a war against the Káns, arrived on a bypass road across the Meszes Gate (today in Meseș Mountains) from Lippa (today Lipova, Romania) to Transylvania because of Mojs' sudden rebellion, which interrupted and delayed the showdown against the Káns, as Kristó considered. Historian Attila Bárány supported Kristó's theory and noted the appointment of Beke Borsa as Master of the treasury in mid-1315 could mean that he remained loyal to Charles even after 1314, while his brother James and nephew Bekcs rebelled against the royal authority, thus it did not prove the alleged peace between the Borsas and Charles throughout 1315. However historian Attila Zsoldos, who also examined the contents of Nicholas Pok's charters, in addition to the dates and locations, challenged Kristó's interpretation in 2016. He argued, if, as Kristó considered, Nicholas Pok arrived to prepare a war to Transylvania immediately after his appointment, he would not have dealt with insignificant estate affairs in his diplomas as he did. Zsoldos considered, the 1318 charter, which narrated the Voivode's appointment and the following events, twisted the years and Mojs was declared the king's enemy retroactively. He argued the Meszes Gate was chosen as a safer route than the Káns' freshly occupied territory. Thus Zsoldos supported Engel's chronology and dated Mojs' rebellion to Autumn or Winter 1316.

Paragraph 21: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life above and beyond the call of duty, when his platoon, while advancing tactically, suddenly came under intense fire from the enemy located on a ridge immediately to the front. Six members of the platoon were killed instantly and a number were wounded, including the platoon leader. Sgt. Dolby's every move brought fire from the enemy. However, aware that the platoon leader was critically wounded, and that the platoon was in a precarious situation, Sgt. Dolby moved the wounded men to safety and deployed the remainder of the platoon to engage the enemy. Subsequently, his dying platoon leader ordered Sgt. Dolby to withdraw the forward elements to rejoin the platoon. Despite the continuing intense enemy fire and with utter disregard for his own safety, Sgt. Dolby positioned able-bodied men to cover the withdrawal of the forward elements, assisted the wounded to the new position, and he, alone, attacked enemy positions until his ammunition was expended. Replenishing his ammunition, he returned to the area of most intense action, single-handedly killed 3 enemy machine gunners and neutralized the enemy fire, thus enabling friendly elements on the flank to advance on the enemy redoubt. He defied the enemy fire to personally carry a seriously wounded soldier to safety where he could be treated and, returning to the forward area, he crawled through withering fire to within 50 meters of the enemy bunkers and threw smoke grenades to mark them for air strikes. Although repeatedly under fire at close range from enemy snipers and automatic weapons, Sgt. Dolby directed artillery fire on the enemy and succeeded in silencing several enemy weapons. He remained in his exposed location until his comrades had displaced to more secure positions. His actions of unsurpassed valor during 4 hours of intense combat were a source of inspiration to his entire company, contributed significantly to the success of the overall assault on the enemy position, and were directly responsible for saving the lives of a number of his fellow soldiers. Sgt. Dolby's heroism was in the highest tradition of the U.S. Army.

Paragraph 22: "All Horse Guards, Grenadier Guards, Foot Guards and Blackguards, that have not polled for the destruction of Chelsea Hospital... are desired to meet at the Gutter Hole opposite the Horse Guards, where they will have a full bumper of knock-me down and plenty of soapsuds before they go in to poll for Sir C Wray." read a Fox party poster. In 1788, army reforms broke up the "gentlemen's club" of the Horse Guards, and a decisive mood prevailed in parliament for Pitt to act. The two extant troops of Horse Guards became the Life Guards, and the private gentlemen who had heretofore made up the ranks of the regiment were largely pensioned off. The Horse Grenadier Guards were disbanded at the same time, and many of the men transferred to the Life Guards, making up the bulk of the new regiment.  The wholesale replacement of aristocrats by common troopers gave the Life Guards the derisory nickname of "Cheeses" or "Cheesemongers". The royal Duke of York, Commander-in-Chief wrote to the former Lord Broome, Earl Cornwallis, who had so spectacularly lost the colonies: "I have no doubt that Your Lordship will not regret the reduction of the Troops of Horse Guards and Horse Grenadiers as they were the most useless & the most unmilitary Troopes that ever were seen.  I confess that I was a little story for the Horse Grenadiers because they were to a degree Soldiers, but the Horse Guards were nothing but a collection of London Tradespeople." One reason for the symptom of declining reputation was poor pay.  But after the reforms regimental prestige rose as officers wanted to purchase a commission just for the honour of serving.  Generous retirement annuities were negotiated by Colonel of Horse Grenadiers, the Duke of Northumberland and his deputy, Lord Howard de Walden.  Their regiment became a 'feeder' to 1st and 2nd Life Guards.  Traditionally chosen for their size and strength, the Horse Grenadiers' more professional complexion changed the character of the 'gentlemanly' Life Guards.  In 1806 Northumberland took over as Colonel of The Blues.  The duke was a popular figure who reduced rents through a period of failed harvests, and an effective colonel.  He had served with the Horse Grenadiers in the Seven Years' War. The Horse Grenadiers disappeared after 1788 as the amalgamated part of the Life Guards two regiments.  Devonshire's long black jackboots, and the flash cord of the grenades from the Horse Grenadiers were used in the design of the modern ceremonial cartouche of the 1850s.

Paragraph 23: Chevron grew up in Santry, a suburb of Dublin. Beginning in the late 1970s, he was lead singer and co-founder of the punk rock group The Radiators from Space, receiving some critical acclaim but little widespread popularity or financial success. Following a temporary breakup of the band in 1981, he lived in London for a while, meeting and befriending Shane MacGowan through time spent working together at a record shop. Following the release of the Pogues' 1984 debut album Red Roses For Me, he was invited to join the band on a short-term basis as cover for banjo player Jem Finer's paternity leave. He took over as guitarist following MacGowan's decision to concentrate on singing—thereby becoming a full-time member of the band in time for the recording of its second album, Rum, Sodomy and the Lash.

Paragraph 24: On 1 February 2022, Amnesty International published a report, Israel's Apartheid Against Palestinians: Cruel System of Domination and Crime Against Humanity, which stated that Israeli practices in Israel and the occupied territories equate to apartheid and that territorial fragmentation of the Palestinians "serves as a foundational element of the regime of oppression and domination". The report states that, taken together, Israeli practices, including land expropriation, unlawful killings, forced displacement, restrictions on movement, and denial of citizenship rights amount to the crime of apartheid. The report suggested the International Criminal Court include the crime of apartheid as part of its investigations. Even before its release, Israeli officials condemned the report as "false and biased" and antisemitic, accusations that Amnesty secretary general Agnes Callamard dismissed as "baseless attacks, barefaced lies, fabrications on the messenger". The Anti-Defamation League criticized the report, saying, "Amnesty International's allegations that Israel's crimes go back to the sin of its creation in 1948, serve to present the Jewish and democratic state as singularly illegitimate at its foundational roots." The U.S. State Department also rejected the report's conclusions, calling them "absurd", and added: "it is important, as the world's only Jewish state, that the Jewish people must not be denied their right to self-determination, and we must ensure there isn't a double standard being applied." German Foreign Ministry spokesperson Christopher Burger said, "We reject expressions like apartheid or a one-sided focusing of criticism on Israel. That is not helpful to solving the conflict in the Middle East". A spokesperson for the U.K.'s Foreign and Commonwealth Development Office said, "we do not agree with the use of this terminology". The Dutch foreign minister responded by saying his government "does not agree with Amnesty’s conclusion that there is apartheid in Israel or the territories occupied by Israel." J Street, a nonprofit liberal organization, did not endorse the use of the term apartheid, while discouraging labeling those who use the term "antisemitic". Thirteen Israeli human rights organizations issued a statement defending Amnesty and the report. Omar Shakir, the Israel and Palestine director of Human Rights Watch, which produced a similar report in 2021, said, "There is certainly a consensus in the international human rights movement that Israel is committing apartheid." The Arab League and the OIC welcomed the report, while the Palestinian Authority said in a statement, "The State of Palestine welcomes the report by Amnesty International on Israel's apartheid regime and racist policies and practices against the Palestinian people".

Paragraph 25: The London Underground O and P Stock electric multiple units were used on the London Underground from 1937 to 1981. O Stock trains were built for the Hammersmith & City line, using metadyne control equipment with regenerative braking, but the trains were made up entirely of motor cars and this caused technical problems with the traction supply so trailer cars were added. P Stock cars were built to run together with the O Stock cars now surplus on Metropolitan line Uxbridge services. The trains had air-operated sliding doors under control of the guard; the O Stock with controls in the cab whereas the P Stock controls in the trailing end of the motor cars. The P Stock was introduced with first class accommodation, but this was withdrawn in 1940.

Paragraph 26: In a fight that could have put him in line for a Heavyweight Championship bout with Max Baer, Lasky was the early betting favorite at 3-1.  His opponent Jim Braddock had just begun his comeback after a nine-month layoff and a period on the depression's relief rolls. The financial boon to Braddock for winning would be $4,100 at the height of the depression.  The break from boxing, rather than making him stale, had given Braddock time to strengthen his body, improve his technique, and heal his hands, which had given him trouble before his layoff as a result of repeated breaks in the bones.  In contrast, Lasky had fought on a regular basis, averaging monthly bouts for his previous five years of boxing.  Lasky's brother trained him while Braddock's trainers included Ray Arcel.  The New York Times described Lasky's classic bout with Braddock on March 22, 1935, as "a savage grueling struggle that thrilled a crowd of 11,000 onlookers".  Lasky fought a "gallant" and "courageous" fight from the first bell to the last, but Braddock's strong right landed too hard and too often.  Both boxers had a reach of 76 inches, making reach of no significance in the fight. Both boxers were within a year of the same age, though Braddock had been boxing professionally around nine years, to Lasky's five.  Most telling, Braddock had just won in an upset against the more competitive opponent John Henry Lewis already a World Light Heavyweight Champion, as well as against Martin Levandowski.  Another significant factor were previous injuries to Lasky in rough bouts that may have affected his conditioning and speed, particularly his previous loss to Charlie Retzlaff on May 12, 1933, when he was hospitalized for an injury to his right eye, and very likely affected his depth perception in later fights.  The incredibly strong heavyweight Primo Carnera whom Lasky had met on September 1, 1932, pounded Lasky's body in the final rounds. In his recent loss to Steve Hamas, only five months earlier, Lasky likely absorbed more punishment than described by the reporters of the day as both men were heavyweights, and the fight was described by one source as "a smashing brawl", implying continuous action throughout the bout.  Though Lasky was only two years older than Hamas, those two years had been filled with punishing bouts.  Even in many of his wins, Lasky absorbed punishment, taking five rounds to knock out the hard hitting Tiger Jack Fox on May 3, 1933 in Chicago. Losing the fifteen round bout by a unanimous decision of the judges, the Braddock fight spotlighted Lasky as a heavyweight contender who could not quite reach the pinnacle of his weight class.  Braddock was credited with eleven of fifteen rounds, and Lasky suffered one of the "worst beatings of his life", according to one source.  Lasky was awarded one of his four rounds by the judges from a foul credited to Braddock.  The sixth and the eleventh round bells may have prevented him from more serious injury or a knock out.  Once again Lasky took a very hard beating in a close bout from a highly ranked competitor.  His loss to Braddock effectively ended Lasky's hopes of a World Heavyweight title.  Three months later, Braddock became Heavyweight Champion, defeating Max Baer in fifteen rounds.

Paragraph 27: Gopi is an innocent village guy whose livelihood is rearing cattle and looks God in them. Neelkanth chairman of the municipality is crooked and cruel, performs many atrocities in the town also involved in anti-social and illegal activities. He has an arrogant daughter Komal and a good-nurtured son Kasthuri. Kasthuri always teases and revolts against his father for his evil deeds. Once Gopi's cows obstruct Komal's way, she beats the cattle when Gopi becomes furious and beats her in turn. But becomes frightened when he learns that Komal is chairman's daughter. Neelkanth sends his men to kill Gopi when Kasthuri rescues him and changes his attire as a college student. Meanwhile, Advocate Narayan Das an honest person who always supports the justice, backs the piety and gives a tough fight to Neelkanth. He leads a happy family life with his ideal wife Annapurna and a daughter Shobha. Narayan Das fixes his daughter marriage with his childhood friend Sripathi's son Anand who looks like Gopi. On the advice of Kasturi Gopi reaches Narayan Das's house, they mistake him as Anand and highly honors him. Here Gopi & Shobha fall in love. Eventually, Anand arrives to apprentice Narasimha, he was caught by goons of Neelkanth they take him to Neelkanth's house and beats him. However, Sekhar escapes, enters Narayan Das's house where he is surprised to see Gopi, explains Sekhar about his problem and he understands the fact. Knowing that Gopi is in love with Shobha he stops and asks him to stay along with him. Now they play a confuse drama without revealing their identity. Meanwhile, Sekhar meets Komal, she again teases him mistaking him as Gopi but afterward feels sorry when both of them fall in love. On the other hand, Kasthuri loves their maidservant. Unfortunately, once Shobha witnesses Anand & Komal, misunderstands Gopi when Anand turn up, affirms the entire story. Hearing it, Narayan Das throws Gopi out and decides to make Shobha's marriage with Anand. But Anand refuses it and says he is going to marry Komal. Then Narayan Das declares Neelkanth as his father's murderer who projected it as a suicide. Listening to it Anand breakdowns and he also learns that his father gathered evidence against Neelkanth in a diary and secured it in a secret place. In that anger, Anand burst out on Neelkanth, knowing that Anand is Sripati's son he captivates him and blackmails Narayan Das for the diary. Immediately, Narayan Das rushes to Neelkanth's house when Neelkanth is about to kill Narayan Das Gopi comes to his protection where he plays a drama as if he has murdered Narayan Das. At this moment, everyone understands Gopi's virtue, simultaneously, Anand is shifted to Neelkanth's den. Ultimately, Gopi breaks out diary's secret, finds the route map to Neelkanth's den, sees the end of him and protects Anand. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriages of Gopi & Shobha and Anand & Komal.

Paragraph 28: Coimbra Filho's titi is currently considered endangered on the IUCN Redlist due to a variety of threats, both natural and anthropogenic, including habitat loss, habitat fragmentation, limited reproductive options, and increased predation. The primary biological threat to Coimbra Filho's titi comes from its mating behavior. While juvenile members of the species remain in their natal groups, upon sexual maturity they leave and set off upon their own. Coupled with the habitat fragmentation faced by the species, this behavior limits the number of sexually mature individuals in each fragment of the population, limiting reproductive options. The species' natural geographical distribution also contributes a threat to the species. Coimbra Filho's titi only naturally occurs in the Atlantic coastal forests in northeastern Brazil. This is a relatively small area in the states of Sergipe and Bahia. Due to this small range, any disturbances to these areas pose a larger than normal threat to the species' survival. More than anything else, however, human interference is the source of many problems to Coimbra Filho's titi. The areas around and inside its habitat are being developed, including paving roads and the promotion of tourism. Similarly, it is facing habitat loss due to increased logging in the area. Wooded areas inhabited by Coimbra Filho's Titi are also being rapidly converted into pastures for grazing and ranching. By the early 1900s, the coastal forests in Sergipe had been reduced to less than 40% of the size of their original cover. This trend continued throughout the 20th century, and these coastal forests now cover less than 1% of their original size. These activities are leading to increased habitat fragmentation. This fragmentation limits the size of breeding populations, limiting genetic diversity. This fragmentation also increases the risk of predation, as titis are forced to move from one fragment to another, exposing them to increased risk of predation.

Paragraph 29: The name may originate  Alternatively, it is speculated that the fabric now known as gingham may have been made at Guingamp, a town in Brittany, France, and that the fabric may be named after the town. Some sources say that the name came into English via Dutch. When originally imported into Europe in the 17th century, gingham was a striped fabric, though now it is distinguished by its checkered pattern. From the mid-18th century, when it was being produced in the mills of Manchester, England, it started to be woven into checked or plaid patterns (often blue and white). Checked gingham became more common over time, though striped gingham was still available in the late Victorian period. The equivalent in French is the noun vichy, from the town of Vichy, France. The same word is used in Spain, where this pattern is called "cuadro vichy" or "estampado vichy."

Paragraph 30: From February 1987 the battalion formed part of 1st Brigade at Bulford. Elements of the regiment were sent to the Falkland Islands and Belize in 1987 and 1988. From April to August 1989 they did another tour of duty in County Armagh. The Regimental Band were sent to the Persian Gulf between October 1990 and March 1991 as part of Operation Granby to serve in a field hospital. In August 1991 the battalion returned to Germany and was based in Werl and Paderborn. In 1993 they had another tour of duty in West Belfast. In 1994 they moved to Paderborn as part of the 20th Armoured Brigade.