Paragraph 1: It was under his leadership that some of the finest achievements of the group happened including the birth of Junior Vikatan, a pioneering magazine in investigative journalism that till today commands the attention of all seekers of political and investigative news in Tamil Nadu. Junior Vikatan is a bi-weekly publication that focuses on crime, politics and other bold topics. It has uncovered many cases that have rocked the state like the Auto Shankar serial killings and others. The magazine is known for its brave stand as a watchdog over events occurring in the state. His bold guidance took the magazines from height to height and a crowning achievement of his that galvanised the entire global media fraternity behind him was when the Privileges Committee of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly ordered him to be sent to prison for publishing a cartoon satire on the front cover  of Ananda Vikatan in 1987. As editor, he took on the wrongful act of the Tamil Nadu Legislature in court and in a historical judgement, won a case against the state legislature. He continued to fight for the freedom of the press and expression throughout his tenure as editor. Ananda Vikatan also championed many social causes powerfully. It became one of the first media houses to refuse to print advertisements of tobacco products and cigarettes in the 1980s when it was first proved that smoking caused cancer even before this was legally required. These were personal initiatives by Balan who has inspired many to walk on the path of charity and service without advertisement – one of those he inspired was the famous philanthropist and social worker Kalyana Sundaram who has been hailed as a national treasure. Contributing immensely to Tamil journalism, Balan created a mentorship program for student journalists and has helped bring many generations of media professionals into the field by his expert guidance. He is widely known and respected by the media fraternity for having been a mentor to senior editors, journalists, media professionals, writers etc. and having encouraged, assisted and even funded the growth of a large number of other media organisations and publications such as helping his friend Cho Ramaswamy launch Thuglak magazine. He has also maintained a record of non-alignment and a policy of objectivity (politically and commercially) in all spheres to maintain a bold stand in the media without obligations, shying away from personal publicity. S Balan mentored various famous writers in Tamil such as Manian, Shivashankari, Sujatha, Balakumaran, Crazy Mohan, Madhan, Rajesh Kumar and more. He has quietly inspired many people with his ideals, values, convictions and persuasive opinions. Vikatan also publishes books and now is a group that puts out nine magazines in Tamil and was one of the first in the country to adopt computerised typesetting and to go digital. A significant achievement was the publication of the Tamil version of the concise Encyclopædia Britannica. However, after Balasubramanian stepped down from the editorial position of the group at 70, the content of the magazines and altered presentation has come under flak from its readers. However, it is commendable that the magazine has survived for more than eight decades, specifically with the stabilising influence and dynamism of Balan's leadership for over fifty years that has allowed it to reinvent itself.

Paragraph 2: Service historyKenosha got underway eastward across the Atlantic on 25 February 1869. While on the European Station she was renamed Plymouth on 15 May 1869. Word of the change reached her at Ville Franche, on 26 June. She then cruised off the Levant and North Africa under her new name, returning to Marseilles on 19 November. From southern France, she continued on to Portsmouth, England, whence she accompanied the British turreted battleship , carrying the remains of George Peabody, American merchant, financier and philanthropist, to the United States for burial. Arriving at Portland, Maine, on 25 January 1870, she remained there on ceremonial duty until sailing for Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for refit at the navy yard.Plymouth departed New York on 12 July 1870 and steamed to the Mediterranean Sea where Rear Admiral Charles Boggs selected her as flagship of the European Station, 21 September. During Plymouths service in the European Station, two sailors and one marine were awarded the Medal of Honor for rescuing others from drowning: Quarter Gunner George Holt and Landsman Paul Tobin at the Port of Hamburg, Germany, on 3 July 1871 and Corporal James A. Stewart at Ville Franche, France, on 1 February 1872. The ship sailed for the coast of Africa on 17 February 1872, thence headed home via the West Indies and remained on the Atlantic coast until returning to European waters 1 November 1872. This deployment lasted until the screw sloop sailed for home 6 June 1873. She arrived at New York City on 18 June, thence proceeded to Portsmouth, New Hampshire, where she decommissioned on 28 June.

Paragraph 3: In 1985, the team was renamed the Charleston Rainbows and became affiliated with the San Diego Padres. From 1985 to 1987 were the building years as the Rainbows improved each season under a great pitching staff until 1988 when they won the Southern Division title but were bounced in the first round of the playoffs. The 1988 season was powered by a pitching staff whose combined ERA equaled 2.07. 1988 was the last of the "good ol' days", because starting in 1989 the team suffered 11 consecutive losing seasons. Poor play on the field translated into a South Atlantic League record, when in 1990 pitcher Charles Thompson registered 17 losses. In 1994 the team was renamed Charleston RiverDogs. Despite the name change, the losing continued. In 1997 saw the RiverDogs leave the 84-year-old College Park and move into the brand-new 5,500-seat Joseph P. Riley Jr. Park. The team also began its eight-year affiliation with the Tampa Bay Rays in 1997. The move to the "Joe" helped to spur a rise in total attendance, as the team set a record with an increase in over 100,000 fans. In 1998, the RiverDogs were the first professional baseball team to broadcast live video on the internet, and the first team to broadcast video of their entire home season.

Paragraph 4: Queens of Noise was recorded at Mankey's Brothers Studio in Santa Monica, California, a facility most famous for its association with the Beach Boys. According to Fox, the Runaways did much of the producing themselves, which resulted in a greater emphasis on volume as well as more musical sophistication than the "keep it simple" approach that Fowley preferred. With the singular exception of "Midnight Music", all of the songs on the album were recorded in the same fashion: drums, bass, and rhythm guitar (except for the riffs) were all recorded "live" at the same time, with West, Fox, and Jett (respectively) all in sight of each other during recordings. They each recorded in separate rooms, however, in order to prevent their instruments from "bleeding" together during recording. Riffs, lead guitar solos, and vocals were then recorded later and ultimately mixed with the drum, bass, and rhythm guitar tracks to achieve the finished product. Ford used multiple techniques for recording her solos, including playing both through a mic'd amplifier and directly into the mixing board. According to Fox, West did not use a click track while recording. In addition to the ten songs that were released on Queens of Noise, the Runaways also recorded two more during these sessions that did not ultimately make the final cut for the album: "Hollywood Dream" and "C'Mon". Both of these songs were eventually included on the 1980 album Flaming Schoolgirls, which included previously unreleased material that was not made public until after the Runaways' breakup in 1979. According to Fox, the recording and potential inclusion of "Hollywood Dream" on this album sparked a "true band rebellion" because only lead vocalist Currie wanted to see it released. Ford and Fox were so displeased with the song that they both refused to record their respective instruments on the track, and with the support of Jett and West they helped ensure that it was not included in the finalized album.

Paragraph 5: Some proponents of TL loudspeakers consider that using a TL is the theoretical ideal manner in which to load a moving-coil drive unit. However, it is also one of the more complex of constructions. The most common and practical implementation is to fit a drive unit to the end of a long duct that is usually open at the far end. In practice, the duct is folded inside a conventional shaped cabinet, so that the open end of the duct appears as a vent on the speaker cabinet. There are many ways in which the duct can be folded, and the line is often tapered in cross section to avoid parallel internal surfaces that encourage standing waves. Some speaker designs also use a spiral or elliptic spiral shaped duct, usually with one speaker element in the front or two speaker elements arranged one on each side of the cabinet. Depending upon the drive unit, and quantity and various physical properties of absorbent material, the amount of taper will be adjusted during the design process to tune the duct to remove irregularities in its response. The internal partitioning provides substantial bracing for the entire structure, reducing cabinet flexing and colouration. The inside faces of the duct or line, are treated with an absorbent material to provide the correct termination with frequency to load the drive unit as a TL. The enclosure behaves like an infinite baffle, potentially absorbing most or all of the speaker unit's rear energies. A theoretically perfect TL would absorb all frequencies entering the line from the rear of the drive unit but remains theoretical, as it would have to be infinitely long. The physical constraints of the real world, demand that the length of the line must often be less than 4 meters before the cabinet becomes too large for any practical applications, so not all the rear energy can be absorbed by the line. In a realized TL, only the upper bass is TL loaded in the true sense of the term (i.e. fully absorbed); the low bass is allowed to freely radiate from the vent in the cabinet. The line therefore effectively works as a low pass filter, another crossover point in fact, achieved acoustically by the line and its absorbent filling. Below this “crossover point” the low bass is loaded by the column of air formed by the length of the line. The length of the line is specified so as to reverse the phase of the rear output of the drive unit as it exits the vent. This acoustic energy combines with the output of the bass unit, extending its response and effectively creating a second driver.

Paragraph 6: Common difficulties with the sweeping procedure involved mine cables becoming entangled in the kites attached to the sweeping wires.  Sweeping gear was often lost if the mine detonated and cut the sweeping cables.  Approximately one-third of the ships were damaged by exploding mines.  Two men were killed in separate incidents while attempting to haul mines aboard to clear fouled sweeping kites.  It had been assumed the Mk 6 mine hydrostatic safety devices would minimize the risks of this procedure, but sweeping gear losses increased after unreliability of these safety devices was recognized.  Countermining sequences initiated by destruction of a swept mine causing detonation of an undetected mine closer to one of the minesweepers were another source of damage.  Some of this countermining was attributed to acceleration of the antenna fuze relay armature or seawater leaking into damaged mines rather than sympathetic detonation of explosives.  The minesweepers were sometimes able to continue sweeping, but the trawlers were less durable.  Seven men drowned when the Richard Bulkeley was sunk by a mine detonation on 12 July.  Strauss discontinued use of the trawlers for minesweeping, but retained six for transporting replacement sweeping gear to minesweepers when wires were destroyed by exploding mines.  The remaining 13 trawlers were returned to the Admiralty.  Most damaged ships were repaired, but SC-38 was declared a total loss.  Three more men of the minesweeping force were killed in individual accidents involving sweeping gear before Strauss declared the barrage cleared on 30 September 1919. The minesweepers found only about 25 to 30 percent of the mines laid a year earlier; but it was assumed the others had either broken free, sunk to the bottom, or been destroyed by premature explosions.  Strauss was recognized as a Knight Commander of St Michael and St George for his efforts; but doubts about effectiveness of the minesweeping effort persisted into the 21st century.

Paragraph 7: Looking to distance themselves from the Yankees, the Blue Jays travelled to Boston for the final time in the 2015 season to battle the last-place Red Sox. Mark Buehrle, who had been pushed back two days due to fatigue, lasted only 3 innings as the Blue Jays fell to the Red Sox 11–4 in game 1, and saw their lead over New York shrink to just a half-game. The second game of the series went into extra innings, tied 1–1, before the Toronto offence scored four runs in the top of the tenth inning to win 5–1. As the Yankees lost that day, the Blue Jays regained a 1 game lead in the division. The Jays were unable to take the series, however, as in the final game they were defeated 10–4. New York also lost, so the Toronto lead remained 1 games. The Blue Jays would then head to New York for a four-game series, one which many analysts dubbed the most important of the year for Toronto. The first game was postponed due to rain, and a doubleheader was scheduled for September 12. David Price pitched in the opener and earned his sixth win with the Jays, defeating the Yankees 11–5. In the first game of the doubleheader, the Blue Jays won 9–5 in the eleventh inning, and guaranteed that they would leave New York leading the AL East. However, they lost shortstop Troy Tulowitzki to a cracked shoulder blade following a collision with center fielder Kevin Pillar. The second game of the doubleheader would see the return of Marcus Stroman, who pitched five innings and allowed 3 runs before being removed from the game due to a 33-minute rain delay. The Blue Jays led 6–3 at the time of the delay, and would go on to win the game 10–7, taking a 4 game lead over New York. Before the final game of the series, Alex Anthopouos announced that Tulowitzki would miss 2–3 weeks with the injury. Toronto would again be shut down by Yankees' starter Masahiro Tanaka, losing 5–0. Edwin Encarnacion did not play in the game due to a finger injury, but was not expected to miss additional time. The Blue Jays had an off-day following their series in New York, and travelled to Atlanta to take on the Braves in their final regular season series outside of the AL East. Mark Buehrle made his return to the rotation after leaving to get a cortisone shot in his left shoulder, but the Blue Jays would lose the first game of the series, 3–2. David Price would start the second game of the series and earn his 7th win as a Blue Jay, pitching 7 innings and beating the Braves 9–1. In the final game of the series, the Blue Jays would shutout the Braves, 5–0. Marco Estrada allowed just 3 hits and 2 walks against Atlanta, while Edwin Encarnacion, Josh Donaldson, and Cliff Pennington hit home runs for Toronto, ending their 10-game road trip with a 6–4 record and a 3-game lead for the AL East.

Paragraph 8: Morphologically, this species is very similar to the roach (Rutilus rutilus), with which it can be easily confused. It can be identified by the yellow eye colour. The eye of the roach has a big red spot above the pupil, that can be more or less conspicuous. The rudd has an upturned mouth allowing it to feed easily at the top of the water. The placement of the dorsal fin is more to the rear which is even visible in very young fish. There are normally only one or two scales between the tip of the pelvic fins and the anal fins, while on the roach there are five. Also the skin of the rudd is yellowish green, while the roach is bluish on the flanks. Also the upturned mouth is visible even in young fish. Furthermore, the rudd's number of soft rays in the dorsal fin (8–9 compared to 10–12). There can be confusion with the ide also, which has smaller scales however.

Paragraph 9: Carowinds is a  amusement park located adjacent to Interstate 77 in Charlotte, North Carolina. The park straddles the North Carolina-South Carolina state line, with a portion of the park located in Fort Mill, South Carolina. However, it has an official Charlotte address, and its business offices are located on the Charlotte side of the park. The park opened on March 31, 1973, at a cost of $70 million. It is the result of a four-year planning period spearheaded by Charlotte businessman Earl Patterson Hall. Owned and operated by Cedar Fair, Carowinds also features a  water park, Carolina Harbor, which is included with park admission. The park has a Halloween event called SCarowinds and a winter event called WinterFest.

Paragraph 10: On September 6, 1979, President Jimmy Carter commuted his sentence to time served, after Collazo had spent 29 years in prison. President Carter also pardoned Collazo's fellow Nationalists: Irvin Flores, Rafael Cancel Miranda, and Lolita Lebrón, convicted in the 1954 attack on Congress in which 5 members of the House of Representatives were wounded by gunfire. Collazo had been eligible for parole since April 1966, and Lebron since July 1969. Cancel Miranda and Flores became eligible for parole in July 1979, but none had applied for parole because of their political beliefs.  Upon their return to Puerto Rico, these activists were received as heroes by their supporters and independence groups. The Governor of Puerto Rico Carlos Romero Barceló publicly opposed the pardons granted by Carter, stating that it would encourage terrorism and undermine public safety.

Paragraph 11: A more detailed and seemingly more credible 1999 UNICEF study called the "Iraq Child and Maternal Mortality Survey" (ICMMS), using survey data from nearly 40,000 households again collated by Iraqi government field workers (except in the autonomous Kurdistan Region), calculated that roughly 500,000 children had died as a result of sanctions, based on the assumption that the child mortality rate had more than doubled from 56 deaths per 1000 births (during 1984–1989) to 131 deaths per 1000 births (during 1994–1999). Notably, the ICMMS found a steady decline in the child mortality rate after 1992 in areas where data was collected by Kurdish, rather than Iraqi government, interviewers. Limited child mortality data from Iraq's 1997 census was inconsistent with some ICMMS findings, and, much later, a 2017 study in The BMJ described "the rigging of the 1999 Unicef survey" as "an especially masterful fraud". The three comprehensive surveys (using full birth histories) that have been conducted since 2003—namely, the 2004 Iraq Living Conditions Survey (ILCS), which was initially discounted by the Volcker Committee for finding far fewer child deaths than expected, and the Multiple Indicator Cluster Surveys (MICS) carried out by UNICEF and Iraq's Ministry of Health (MOH) in 2006 and again in 2011—all found that the child mortality rate in the period 1995–2000 was approximately 40 per 1000, which means that there was no major rise in child mortality in Iraq after sanctions were implemented. As a corollary, "there was no major improvement in child mortality" as a result of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, contrary to claims made by some of its proponents. Despite disproving its 1999 study in 2006 and 2011, UNICEF never formally disavowed the ICMMS results (or released the survey's underlying data to the public); however, the UN revised its official child mortality figures for Iraq to match the corrected data.

Paragraph 12: He followed Orso I Participazio and Giovanni II Participazio as Doge of Venice, elected to the throne at the side of the elderly, and beloved, Giovanni circa April 887. He launched a military attempt against the Narentines in Dalmatia, who were hostile to Venetia after 886. As soon as he became Doge, he advanced with a fleet of twelve galleys to the port of Makarska (), where he sank five Narentine ships. He landed near Mokro and advanced deeper inland, but the Narentines crushed his forces, killing him in open battle on 18 September 887. He was the first Doge to die in a battle for La Serenissima (Italian for The Most Serene, referring to the Republic of Venice). 

Paragraph 13: Fifth Gear Recharged is a British motoring television magazine series on Discovery+ and Quest. It is a continuation of the Fifth Gear format originally broadcast on Channel 5 from 2002 to 2011, afterwards moving to Discovery Channel in 2012, and then in 2015 to History. Since its return in 2018, it has been broadcast on free-to-air channel Quest. The show is currently presented by Vicki Butler-Henderson, Sid North, Karun Chandhok and Jason Plato with Grace Webb and engineer Jimmy de Ville also involved in reports. Its former presenters include Rory Reid, Jonny Smith, former racing driver Tiff Needell and Car SOS host Tim Shaw. It was relaunched as an electric cars format in 2021 as Fifth Gear Recharged.

Paragraph 14: The quartet as an entity was formed in 1932  with initial members Jascha Brodsky, Benjamin Sharlip (violins), Max Aronoff (viola), and Orlando Cole (cello). After Sharlip's departure in 1934 to join the Philadelphia Orchestra, the position was filled by Charles Jaffe; it was with him that they achieved many of their earliest milestones.  The ensemble's origins are actually a bit earlier: they were initially called the Swastika Quartet upon their founding as students in 1927, with Gama Gilbert and Benjamin Sharlip as violinists, Sheppard Lehnhoff as violist, and Orlando Cole as cellist.  In 1929, Max Aronoff replaced Lehnhoff as violist.  This early incarnation of the group took its name from the home of the Curtis founder, Mary Louise Curtis Bok in Merion, Pennsylvania, which was called "Swastika". After Adolf Hitler assumed power in Germany and adopted this symbol, albeit rotated, the ensemble decided the name needed to be changed.  They petitioned Mary Louise Curtis, founder and namesake of their alma mater, to use that name as they were all graduates of the Curtis Institute of Music, and became the first American-trained quartet to visit Europe, when the British Broadcasting Corporation invited them to London in 1935. This visit, made in June 1935 and sponsored by the Philadelphia branch of the English-Speaking Union, was in connection with the celebration of the Jubilee of George V and was in the company of several other young Philadelphia musicians: Rose Bampton, pianists Elizabeth Westmoreland and Martha Halbwachs Masséna, singers Agnes Davis and Benjamin de Loache, and violinist Philip Frank. Two concerts and a BBC broadcast presented music by American composers. The Curtis Quartet's contributions included Gian Carlo Menotti's Italian Dance and two works by Samuel Barber: the Serenade for String Quartet, Op. 1 (1928), and Dover Beach, Op. 3 (1931). Shortly before this tour, on 13 May 1935, the Curtis Quartet had made a recording at the RCA studios in Camden, New Jersey, of Barber's Dover Beach, with the composer singing. Although Rose Bampton had made an earlier recording in 1933, it was never released, so the Curtis Quartet's recording became the first commercial release in June 1936. The quartet was subsequently engaged for an extensive European tour during the 1936-37 concert season, during which they performed in all the major musical capitals to great acclaim.  They reprised this success during the 1937-38 season and were set to repeat it a third time before the outbreak of war in Europe curtailed their touring.  In the meantime, they toured widely through North America, giving over the course of their career approximately 5000 concerts, in their early days giving in many cases the first quartet performances in the towns they visited.  In 1942 they left Curtis briefly, owing to disagreements over the direction of the institution, and founded the New School of Music, Philadelphia to train chamber and orchestral players; they became the resident string quartet there.

Paragraph 15: The numbers of medical reports from harms resulting from vaping have continued to increase since 2016. Some batteries are not well designed, are made with poor quality components, or have defects. Major injuries have occurred from battery explosions and fires. Fires caused by e-cigarettes appear to be increasingly frequent. Direct harms from an e-cigarette blast include hand harms, face harms, waist/groin harms, and inhalation harms. Indirect harms happened when the vaporing device set on fire another object and resulted in a house fire, followed by harm from fire burns or inhalation. E-cigarette explosions have resulted in burns, lost teeth, neck fractures, and battery acid contact to the face, mouth, and eyes. The extent of the burns varied from 1% to 8% total body surface area, were reported and most commonly occurred in the lower extremity, hands, head and neck, and genitalia. The extent of the burn was mainly deep partial and full thickness. E-cigarette explosion harms correlated with malfunctioning of the device can result in minor total body surface area 2nd and 3rd degree burns. Around 50% needed surgical management for the burn. This was due to the extent of the injury. The most common harms are burns as a result of explosion in the pocket and harms to the face. A 2017 review found "Several of the reported cases show that 'the battery in pocket' precedes the incident. The damp environment in the pocket may have sufficient moisture to start a chemical reaction within the lithium-ion battery and the presence of metal objects can produce short-circuit which can over heat the battery leading to an explosion." Flame burns, chemical burns, and blast injuries have occurred as a result of the e-cigarette battery overheating. A man endured a unilateral corneoscleral laceration with prolapsed iris tissue and hyphemato to the eye area when an e-cigarette exploded in his mouth. A young man endured bilateral corneal burns to the eye area when an e-cigarette exploded near his chest. A man died when his charging e-cigarette blew up and caught on fire next to oxygen equipment. House and car fires and skin burns have resulted from some of the explosions. The explosions were the result of extended charging, use of unsuitable chargers, or design flaws. There is a possible risk to bystanders from e-cigarette explosions. There is also a risk of property damage as a result of flammable materials catching on fire from an e-cigarette explosion. A March 2016 research article assembled reports by US government agencies and in the media of 92 e-cigarette blasts, fire, or overheating events, with related injuries in 47 individuals. Prominent harms included 2 cervical vertebral fractures, 1 palate fracture, 3 instances of damaged teeth, 33 thermal burns, 4 chemical burns, and 5 lacerations.

Paragraph 16: For 1963, he moved to touring cars to race in the inaugural European Touring Car Challenge, with Lancia's works team, HF Squadra Corse. He used a Lancia Flaminia to fight with the best from around Europe, at the circuits such as Nürburgring, Brands Hatch and Népliget Park, Budapest. It was at the later, that Facetti, paired with Luigi Cabella would score his first major international victory.  Early 1964, he return to Formula Junior racing in Argentina, in the four race Temporada series for Scuderia Sant'Ambroeus. He took their Lotus-Ford 22 to a series best of fifth place in the Gran Premio Internacional Ciudad de Buenos Aires. "I was the Italian driver to run multiple editions of the race in South America. There I had the pleasure of meeting the great Juan Manuel Fangio and later become good friends and we were often in competition in Buenos Aires and Mar del Plata."  After returning from South America, he runs a Formula Three teams with Jo Siffert and Clay Regazzoni, then participates himself in 1965. Back with Scuderia Sant'Ambroeus, he finished second the Campionato Italiano driving a Brabham-Ford BT16.

Paragraph 17: Largo often appears to be delusional, confusing reality with video games. As a result, he occasionally causes chaos and destruction as he battles against zombies and other (occasionally imagined) threats. However, because of the nature of the Megatokyo world, much of what Largo gets himself involved into is what really is happening. A good example is the battle against the undead swarm, which he describes while drinking at a Beer Garden, which he fought off with the help of Dom. While it's unclear how much of Largo's story is exaggeration and how much is truth, the Tokyo Police Cataclysm Division throws him in jail for being involved in the combat, proving that the battle did take place (and judging from Largo's amazing combat ability, he may really have fought off the entire horde). There is a possibility that Largo's story was actually his own version of what happened near the end of the first volume. After going down a manhole and finding "the long lost Book of Necrowombicon," he calls Dom to tell him he accidentally unleashed a horde of zombies. Then, Largo goes through Junpei's weapons, finds a crossbow, and goes to the Cave of Evil, which is actually a rave. He takes one look at the ravers and screams, "ZOMBIES!!!" After apparently firing the crossbow, he gets thrown in jail by the police. Then, Junpei (the "L33t N1nj4" and Largo's apprentice in l33t) arrives and summons a Rent-A-Zilla. A Godzilla-like creature busts through the building and Largo rides away on him. After Rent-A-Zilla destroys a few buildings, Largo gets off and meets up with Piro again. Conversely, Largo's obsession with gaming has led him to develop a number of remarkably profound concepts which guide his life, such as when one "plays" with others, they should support each other, not just "camp" and "snipe". Also, one shouldn't "play games"(seek out experiences) that aren't "worth playing"(provide enjoyment and fulfillment).

Paragraph 18: The Croydon Canal was constructed in the early 19th century, running from New Cross to the site of West Croydon station. As it passed through South Norwood, pubs sprang up near its course. The Jolly Sailor still stands at the intersection of South Norwood Hill and High Street. The Ship, a few yards to the east, was beside the loading point for bricks from a nearby brick field across what is now the High Street. The passageway through which bricks passed to the canal is still there. The Goat House pub (which has since been demolished) was said to have been named after an island in the canal on which goats were kept.

Paragraph 19: On 14 April 2008, it was announced Gillen would collaborate with the artist Greg Scott to expand on Warren Ellis' newuniversal series with "a story about killing the future" set in 1959. That year, Gillen also wrote Crown of Destruction, a Warhammer Fantasy comic.  Further Marvel assignments included a Dazzler short story and a Beta Ray Bill one-shot, which was followed by a three-issue mini-series. Gillen's workload at Marvel increased in late 2009. At HeroesCon, it was announced he would be writing a tie-in to the "Dark Reign" storyline, the mini-series Dark Avengers: Ares, and, during the 2009 Chicago Comic Con, it was announced that he will collaborate with Steven Sanders on S.W.O.R.D, an X-Men spin-off  series. Gillen took over Thor following a run by J. Michael Straczynski, writing issues #604 to 614. In late 2010, Gillen launched another X-Men spin-off Generation Hope that picked up plot threads from the end of the "Second Coming" storyline. Gillen wrote the title for twelve issues before passing it to James Asmus. After co-scripting a few issues of Uncanny X-Men with outgoing writer Matt Fraction, Gillen took over the series with issue #534.1. His time on the title saw the book through the 2011 "Fear Itself" storyline, a renumbering to #1 in the wake of the "Schism" storyline, and a tie-in with the "Avengers vs. X-Men" storyline. After finishing his run with issue #20, Gillen penned a five-issue epilogue miniseries AvX: Consequences that dealt with the aftermath of that event. In 2011, Gillen returned to Marvel's Asgard with a run on Journey into Mystery (the original name of the Thor series, continuing its original numbering), starting with issue #622 and finishing with #645 in October 2012. As part of the Marvel NOW! relaunch, Gillen wrote two books: Iron Man (again taking over from Fraction) with art by his frequent Uncanny X-Men collaborator Greg Land, and Young Avengers with Jamie McKelvie.

Paragraph 20: The zoo has a distinctive zoological exhibit called "Islands," which is the first zoological exhibit in the world that uses a system of rotating a variety of animals into one exhibit. This way, the animals can explore different habitats throughout the day, as they would in the wild.  This helps to give the animals needed stimulation and heightens their awareness. Moreover, the exhibit is the first to have natural predator and prey in the same space. It has  three outdoor exhibit areas and one indoor area. All animals in this exhibit are endangered or threatened species. The animals on display here change from day to day so that visitors can have a new and different experience with each visit to the zoo.  The animals that can be seen in this exhibit include Sumatran tigers, orangutans, siamangs, North Sulawesi babirusas and Malayan tapirs. The zoo is home to four orangutans, two males named Teak and Segundo (aka Gunny) and two females named Amber and Bella. Amber and Teak are half-siblings sharing the same father and are hybrid orangutans, while Gunny and Bella are purebred Sumatran orangutans and are under breeding recommendation, though there has yet to be any successful breeding between them. The Islands Pavilion is an indoor area that houses many species of birds, including the white-throated ground-dove. The zoo was the first zoo in the world to hatch this rare dove in captivity. The first hatchling was born on October 17, 2006, and a second followed on December 1, 2006. Some of the other bird species included in the Islands Pavilion are Victoria crowned pigeons, Nicobar pigeons, pied imperial pigeons, Jambu fruit doves, wompoo fruit doves, Asian fairy-bluebirds, red-crested cardinals, Indian white-eyes, black-necked stilts, Oriental storks, red shovelers, nene, African penguins and Inca terns. The pavilion also houses Rodrigues fruit bats, Aldabra giant tortoises, Cuban crocodiles, and Komodo dragons.

Paragraph 21: The next day the brigade started towards their first objective, the bridge at Damieh. At 10:30 the Auckland Mounted Rifles, assisted by the 1st Squadron, assaulted and captured the Damieh bridge with a bayonet charge. The 10th Squadron arrived after the bridge was secured, and followed the Aucklanders pursuing the withdrawing Turks into the hills. That night the regiment moved back across the bridge, leaving the 1st Squadron behind to guard it. The next day the brigade was ordered to resume the advance, so with the regiment as the vanguard, overcame the first obstacle, a Turkish machine-gun post. At 15:30 they reached Es Salt, passed through the town to the east, and formed a defensive position in the hills for the night. During the day they had captured 250 men, three artillery pieces and several machine-guns. The next day, 24 September, the regiment continued their advance, heading towards Suweile where they were joined by the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades. The next day about  north-west of Amman they came upon two Turkish redoubts covering the road to the town. While the brigade's other regiments deployed to attack them, the regiment, with a section from the Machine-Gun Squadron, were ordered to manoeuvre around to assault them from the rear. At midday they were confronted by around two hundred Turkish troops defending a ridge line. The regiment, through artillery and machine-gun fire, assaulted and captured the ridge. Not stopping to consolidate the position, they continued forward towards Amman. Once there the 10th Squadron, and part of the 8th Squadron, assaulted the Citadel in a bayonet charge, capturing 119 German prisoners and six machine-guns. The regiment then charged through the town, capturing the railway station at 16:30. All told the regiment took 1,200 prisoners, fourteen machine-guns, and other military stores. Their own casualties were one dead and two wounded. Casualties and illness had reduced the regiment's strength to only 350 men, many of whom were struck down with malaria. The regiment remained in the Amman area until the night of 29/30 September when they moved south to Kastel and secured a large number of prisoners from the Turkish II Corps. On 3 October they were relieved by the 3rd Light Horse Regiment, and started back towards the Jordan Valley. By 9 October they had crossed the valley and had reached Jerusalem; they then went back to Ayun Kara, their part in the war being over.

Paragraph 22: This history, Scalia concluded, clearly shows that the Confrontation Clause was directed at keeping "ex parte" examinations out of the evidentiary record. Specifically, the Confrontation Clause applies to "witnesses" against the accused, meaning those who "bear testimony." Relying on this and the historical record, Scalia stated, "the Framers would not have allowed admission of testimonial statements of a witness who did not appear at trial unless he was unavailable to testify, and the defendant had had a prior opportunity for cross-examination." Scalia determined that a prior opportunity for cross-examination was mandatory, and dispositive of whether or not testimonial statements of an unavailable witness are admissible. Testimonial statements are formal declarations, i.e., those made to law enforcement or government personnel. "Dispensing with confrontation because testimony is obviously reliable is akin to dispensing with jury trial because a defendant is obviously guilty."

Paragraph 23: In the second-season premiere "What Lies Ahead", Dale is greatly concerned about Andrea's well-being following her suicide attempt, refusing to give her back her gun. At the same time, he is deeply invested in the search for Carol's daughter, Sophia, as evidenced by his lying to the group about the RV being broken (so that searching for her would be their primary focus). In the episode "Bloodletting", Dale believes that T-Dog has contracted a blood infection from a wound he received they search for antibiotics; Daryl eventually brings some antibiotics to them that Merle had in his stash of drugs. In the episode "Save the Last One", Andrea proves to Dale that her suicidal tendencies have diminished, and he returns her gun. In the episode "Cherokee Rose", Dale and the rest of the group arrive at Hershel's farm, and set up camp there. He helps the group try to retrieve a walker from a well, but the plan backfires. In the episode "Chupacabra", Andrea confuses Daryl for a walker, and shoots and injures him despite warnings from Dale. In the episode "Secrets", Dale's distrust of Shane begins to grow as he notices Shane's increasingly reckless behavior and dangerous influence he is putting on the group (most notably Andrea). Dale confronts Shane, but he threatens Dale. In the episode "Pretty Much Dead Already", Dale tries to hide the group's weapons, but Shane finds him in the swamp and retrieves them despite Dale's bluff to shoot Shane.  Returning to the farm with the guns, Shane opens the barn that Hershel was hiding walkers in, and gets the rest of the group to shoot all the walkers. In the episode "Nebraska", Dale keeps an eye on Shane, and warns Lori about his suspicions that Shane killed Otis. In the episode "Triggerfinger", Dale tells Andrea that he feels Shane is dangerous but she does not believe him. In the episode "Judge, Jury, Executioner", Dale puts his issues with Shane aside when it comes to dealing with the fate of an outsider. Despite efforts to keep the group from murdering the outsider, he is outvoted and disgusted with the group's "survival of the fittest" mindset. Rick later changes his mind and chooses to spare the boy, but Dale never lives to learn this. During the night, he paces around the farm only to be ambushed and disemboweled by a walker Carl earlier encountered. In great pain and mortally wounded, he is shot in the head by Daryl as a mercy killing - an action Dale seems to approve of, as he raises his head to Rick's gun, that Daryl took gently from Rick's hand.  Rick didn't have the stomach to end Dale and submitted to Daryl's intrusion to end the suffering character played by (Jeffrey DeMunn), so Daryl shot him.  Dale is buried in the episode "Better Angels" and, at his funeral, Rick vows to honor him by heeding his words, and retaining the group's humanity.

Paragraph 24: He made his Test debut in the first match of the Ashes series at Trent Bridge, Nottingham. He took match figures of 2/65, his first wicket being Jack Hobbs, and in his first Test innings as a batsman, he hit the first ball for a boundary but was dismissed off the next ball, before scoring 49 in the second innings as Australia chased 428 for victory. McCabe and Don Bradman were scoring quickly and had taken the score to 3/229 when McCabe lofted Maurice Tate towards mid-on. Syd Copley, a member of the ground staff who was acting as a substitute fielder dived forward and took a difficult catch. McCabe's dismissal sparked a collapse of 7/104 as England took a 93-run win. McCabe scored 44 and an unbeaten 25 as Australia squared the series with a seven-wicket triumph in the Second Test at Lords. McCabe made 30 in a rain-affected draw in the Third Test, before scoring four and taking 4/41 in the Fourth Test at Old Trafford, removing Ranjitsinhji, Maurice Leyland, Maurice Tate and Ian Peebles to reduce England to 8/251 in another wash out. With the series locked at 1–1, the Fifth and final Test at The Oval was a timeless Test. McCabe scored his first Test half-century of 54 as Australia piled on 695 to win by an innings and reclaim the Ashes 2–1. McCabe took one wicket in the deciding match, bowling leading English batsman Wally Hammond for 13. In all, McCabe scored 210 runs at 35.00 and took eight wickets at 27.62 in the Tests, and aggregated 1012 runs at 32.64 and took 26 wickets at 27.80 for the whole tour. This made him the fifth highest run-scorer for the tour. However, he was unable to register a century on tour, his highest score being 96. He continued his habit of failing to convert his starts into centuries in the tour matches after the start of the Tests. In one stretch of eight county innings, he registered scores between 34 and 79 seven times, and he ended with seven fifties for the tour. Nevertheless, Wisden praised his attacking ability to disrupt the length of opposition bowlers. On two occasions, McCabe took more than two wickets in an innings.

Paragraph 25: Zhang Jiazhen passed the imperial examinations in his youth and was made the magistrate of Pingxiang County (平鄉, in modern Xingtai, Hebei), but was removed from office for an offense unspecified in historical accounts.  He then returned home to Pu Prefecture.  During the Chang'an era (701–705) of Emperor Gaozong's wife Wu Zetian, there was an occasion when the imperial censor Zhang Xunxian (張循憲) was ordered to examine Hedong Circuit (河東道, roughly modern Shanxi), when he encountered some cases that were difficult for him to decide.  He thus asked the local officials, "Is there anyone here who is intelligent whom I can consult?"  A local official recommended Zhang Jiazhen, and Zhang Xunxian consulted him.  Zhang Jiazhen surprised Zhang Xunxian with his ability to analyze the situation and come up with the correct resolutions.  He thus had Zhang Jiazhen draft his report to Wu Zetian as well.  After Zhang Xunxian returned to the capital Luoyang, Wu Zetian was impressed by the quality of the report.  Zhang Xunxian informed her that it was Zhang Jiazhen who drafted it for him, and offered to give his office to Zhang Jiazhen.  She responded, "Do I not have an office for the capable?"  She summoned Zhang Jiazhen to Luoyang and met with him personally.  She was impressed with him, and thus made him an imperial censor; she also promoted Zhang Xunxian for his ability to find Zhang Jiazhen.  Zhang Jiazhen subsequently successively served as a low-level official at the ministry of defense (兵部員外郎, Bingbu Yuanwailang), when he became known for his abilities; Zhongshu Sheren (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, Zhongshu Sheng); the commandant at Liang Prefecture (梁州, roughly modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi) and then Qin Prefecture (秦州, roughly modern Tianshui, Gansu); and then the secretary general at Bing Prefecture (并州, roughly modern Taiyuan, Shanxi).  He became known for strictness in his governance, and his subordinates feared him.

Paragraph 26: S. parvus individuals commonly live in noisy tropical rainforests near fast-flowing streams, which makes the usual acoustic means of communication less reliable. Therefore, S. parvus has an array of strategies used to effectively communicate in the presence of high background noise. One such strategy employed by S. parvus involves intensity amplification of their acoustic calls. If the background noise is too loud, then the Bornean rock frog is able to elevate the volume of its advertisement calls, up to 8 dB, in order to have its acoustic calls be heard by the receiver. On the other hand, S. parvus is able to modulate the pitch of its calls slightly away from its dominant calling frequency of 5578 Hz. It is hypothesized to do so in order to avoid jamming interference from the acoustic calls of conspecifics and heterospecifics. Additionally, S. parvus delivers a unique advertisement call that differentiates its call from that of similar relatives such as S. guttatus. Depending on the number of receivers and the background noise levels, S. parvus have been observed to increase the number of notes and the length of their calls. This presumedly is done to give the intended receiver more opportunity to recognize and identify the call.In extremely loud environments where vocal communication is not feasible, the Bornean rock frog is able to utilize visual modes of communication. S. parvus exhibit a large repertoire of visual communication displays, most commonly foot flagging and foot flashing. Less-common forms of visual communication by S. parvus include arm waving, upright posture, crouched posture, and an open-mouth display. Foot flagging is the act of raising either of the two hind limbs and rotating it outwards and backwards in an arc. During this behavior, which lasts on average 1.5 seconds, the frog’s webbed toes are spread, allowing for the frog’s conspicuous white webbing to be clearly observed by the receiver. Foot flashing is similar to foot flagging, except the hind limbs are not rotated; rather, the hind limb is stretched outwards and retracted immediately. Foot flashes are very fast, lasting about 0.83 seconds, and only occur following an acoustic call. In noisy environments like the rainforest, the purpose of the advertisement call is to direct the attention of receiver towards the signaler. Once the S. parvus has its recipient’s attention, then it will follow-up with its visual display – typically a foot flag or flash. The less common visual displays – upright posture, crouching, and arm waving – are usually only displayed by S. parvus in close male-male encounters. These visual displays are typically done to communicate the male’s physical ability.

Paragraph 27: In 2001, the base provided record numbers of airlift and fighter rotations for Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. In 2003, these operations increased as Morón became key for airlift and fighter deployments in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. In 2004, the 496th ABS started reporting to the 712th Air Base Group and was realigned under the 38th Combat Support Wing of Ramstein Air Base, Germany later that year. In 2007, the 712th ABG inactivated and the 496th ABS was realigned again under the 86th Operations Group of Ramstein Air Base. In April 2019 the 496th ABS was realigned again under the 65th Air Base Group creating the Atlantic Air Bridge.

Paragraph 28: Similarly, the wizarding high street Diagon Alley lies in central London, just off Charing Cross Road. A train called the Hogwarts Express departs from the real King's Cross station, albeit from Platform 9¾. These locations are hidden by a combination of Muggle-repelling charms, illusions, and other magical protections. Many magical locations, such as the Isle of Drear off the coast of Scotland, or the Quidditch World Cup Stadium, and the wizarding prison, Azkaban, are rendered "unplottable", or impossible to locate on a map. This is further banked by the natural tendency of non-magical people to ignore anything they cannot explain or understand. Hogwarts Castle appears as abandoned ruins to any Muggles close enough to see. Although wizarding society lives for the most part directly alongside Muggles, the interaction between the two communities is virtually non-existent since the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy was introduced in 1692. Few wizards are aware of basic Muggle culture (for instance, most wizards do not understand Muggle clothing customs). On the odd occasions when it may be necessary for a wizard or witch to dress in Muggle clothing, the result is usually comical. While the series is set in Great Britain, there is evidence that the wizarding world has locations throughout the globe. This is shown in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, when it describes many people at the Quidditch World Cup speaking foreign languages. The number of Irish wizards working for the Ministry and attending Hogwarts, as well as the various nationalities attending Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, suggest the wizarding world's borders differ from the geopolitical divisions of the Muggle world. However, countries such as Bulgaria and Ireland have national teams representing them at the Quidditch World Cup - even though the muggles of these countries have no idea that the competition is taking place.

Paragraph 29: In writing the script, the author, Charles Wood, borrowed themes and dialogue from his surreal and bitterly dark (and banned) anti-war play Dingo. In particular the character of the spectral clown "Juniper" is closely modelled on the Camp Comic from the play, who likewise uses a blackly comic style to ridicule the fatuous glorification of war. Goodbody narrates the film retrospectively, more or less, while in conversation with his German officer captor, "Odlebog", at the Rhine bridgehead in 1945. From their duologue emerges another key source of subversion – the two officers are in fact united in their class attitudes and officer-status contempt for (and ignorance of) their men. While they admit that the question of the massacre of Jews might divide them, they equally admit that it is not of prime concern to either of them. Goodbody's jingoistic patriotism finally relents when he accepts his German counterpart's accusation of being, in principle, a Fascist. They then resolve to settle their disagreements on a commercial basis (Odlebog proposes selling Goodbody the last intact bridge over the Rhine; in the novel the bridge is identified as that at Remagen) which could be construed as a satire on unethical business practices and capitalism. This sequence also appears in the novel. Fascism amongst the British is previously mentioned when Gripweed (Lennon's character) is revealed to be a former follower of Oswald Mosley and the British Union of Fascists, though Colonel Grapple (played by Michael Hordern) sees nothing for Gripweed to be embarrassed about, stressing that "Fascism is something you grow out of". One monologue in the film concerns Musketeer Juniper's lament – while impersonating a high-ranked officer – about how officer material is drawn from the working and lower class, and not (as it used to be) from the feudal aristocracy.

Paragraph 30: In 2012 Pierce became an ACM Fellow for "contributions to the theory and practice of programming languages and their type systems". In 2015 Pierce and co-authors received the award for the most influential Principles of Programming Languages paper, which was described as "instrumental in bringing the view-update problem to the attention of the programming languages community and demonstrating the broad relevance of the problem beyond databases.  [...] More broadly, the paper sparked a great deal of follow-on work in the area of BX (“bidirectional transformations”), leading to a fruitful collaboration between the worlds of databases, programming languages, and software engineering."