Paragraph 1: The Stallions began the fourth quarter with McGough's first pass attempt of the contest, which was intended for Bolden but fell incomplete. Scarbrough rushed for five yards on the next play but another incomplete pass from McGough forced Birmingham to attempt a 38-yard field goal, which was missed by Aubrey; this gave the Stars possession of the ball from their own 28-yard-line, the spot at which the kick was taken. A roughing the passer penalty and a 9-yard pass from Cookus to Rowland quickly moved Philadelphia into their opponent's territory, and they continued to move the ball with an 11-yard pass from Cookus to Bug Howard. Williams rushed for 14 yards to set the Stars up at the Birmingham 23-yard-line, but Cookus was sacked by Willie Yarbary on the next play for a loss of six yards. A defensive personal foul moved Philadelphia into the red zone soon afterwards, and Cookus found Gray in the end zone for a touchdown two plays later. The Stars attempted a two-point conversion, which was scored by Suell on a reception. This gave Philadelphia a 23–20 lead, their first of the game. Birmingham started their next drive at their own 22-yard-line and moved the ball quickly, with gains of 9, 11, and 15 yards on their first three plays. On first down at the Stars' 43-yard-line, McGough's pass was intercepted by Jordan Moore—the first turnover of the game—and returned to the Stars' 47-yard-line, giving Philadelphia a chance to increase their lead. They were unable to, however, going three-and-out and punting. The last of these three plays saw Cookus sacked by Dondrea Tillman, which injured Cookus (ultimately causing a broken fibula) and saw him exit the game. The Stallions resumed possession at their own 36-yard-line and found themselves in Stars territory in two plays. Later, on first down at the Stars' 26-yard-line, McGough threw a pass to Williams in the end zone which drew a pass interference penalty, placing the ball on the 11-yard-line; the Stallions scored two plays later on a pass from McGough to Bolden. Aubrey missed the extra point wide left, leaving Birmingham's lead at three points. It increased shortly thereafter, though, as Scooby Wright intercepted new Philadelphia quarterback K. J. Costello and return the pass for a touchdown. The Stallions led by ten points following the extra point. Philadelphia got the ball back with just under three minutes to play, at their own 42-yard-line. They reached the Birmingham 22-yard-line before the two-minute warning and scored a touchdown with 1:43 to play, narrowing the lead to three points. In lieu of a traditional onside kick, the Stars opted to try a 4th & 12 from their own 33-yard-line, which would allow them to keep possession of the ball should they convert it. The play was unsuccessful, though, and the Stallions took over. Scarbrough rushed on three plays in a row, gaining a net total of one yard, and Colby Wadman punted, which resulted in a touchback. After a pass for a gain of seven yards, Costello's pass was intercepted by Birmingham's Christian McFarland at the Stars' 43-yard-line, sealing the victory and the championship for Birmingham. They lined up in victory formation and closed out the game, winning 33–30.

Paragraph 2: Western Airlines was serving Billings in 1966 with Lockheed L-188 Electra turboprops with an example routing being Los Angeles (LAX) - San Diego (SAN) - Phoenix (PHX) - Denver (DEN) - Cheyenne (CYS) - Casper (CPR) - Sheridan (SHR) - Billings (BIL). Western was also operating direct Electra propjet service to Calgary (YYC) via a stop in Great Falls (GTF) during the late 1960s. By the early 1970s, Western was operating all of its flights into the airport with Boeing 737-200 jetliners. In 1979, Western was operating nonstop Boeing 727-200 service to both Minneapolis/St. Paul and Seattle as well as flying nonstop Boeing 737-200 service to Denver, Great Falls and Salt Lake City.

Paragraph 3: In order to celebrate the millennium, the All England Club invited all surviving singles champions, any player that had appeared in two or more singles finals without winning the championship, and any player who had won four or more doubles titles, to a presentation ceremony on Centre Court on Saturday, July 1. Each honouree was presented with a crystal plate, engraved with their name, by the President of the Lawn Tennis Association, Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Gloucester. Those who attended were (in order of presentation): Singles champion Andre Agassi; Doubles champions: Ken McGregor, Bob Hewitt, Ken Fletcher, Tony Roche, Rosie Casals, Owen Davidson, Frew McMillan, Peter Fleming, Pam Shriver, Helena Suková, Natasha Zvereva, Gigi Fernández; Singles finalists: Henry "Bunny" Austin, Kurt Nielsen, Ken Rosewall, Darlene Hard, Fred Stolle, Hana Mandlíková, Goran Ivanišević; Singles champions: Sidney Wood, Pauline Betz, Bob Falkenburg, Ted Schroeder, John "Budge" Patty, Richard "Dick" Savitt, Frank Sedgman, Elias "Vic" Seixas, Jaroslav Drobný, Marion "Tony" Trabert, Shirley Fry Irvin, Ashley Cooper, Maria Bueno, Alejandro "Alex" Olmedo, Neale Fraser, Angela Mortimer, Rod Laver, Margaret Smith Court, Roy Emerson, Billie Jean King, Manuel Santana, John Newcombe, Ann Jones, Evonne Goolagong Cawley, Stan Smith, Jan Kodeš, Chris Evert, Björn Borg, Virginia Wade, Martina Navratilova, John McEnroe, Boris Becker, Patrick "Pat" Cash, Steffi Graf, Stefan Edberg, Michael Stich, Conchita Martínez, Jana Novotná and Lindsay Davenport. Andre Agassi was presented first in order to accommodate his match schedule. Other attendees were then presented with their commemoration later in the same day in the Royal Box: Doubles champions: Mark Woodforde, Todd Woodbridge; Singles finalist: Arantxa Sánchez Vicario; and Singles champions: Martina Hingis and Pete Sampras. Several post war champions were absent, but the only champions from the open era (post 1968) not to attend were Jimmy Connors and Richard Krajicek. Both Ilie Năstase and Ivan Lendl were also invited as two-time singles finalist, but did not attend. The inclusion of singles finalists and the exclusion of doubles champions who had not won at least four titles was mildly controversial, with Frew McMillan bemoaning to BBC Radio that his two-time mixed doubles championship partner Betty Stöve had not been invited, despite the Dutch woman holding three Wimbledon doubles titles and having reached the singles final once; whereas Hana Mandlíková and Goran Ivanišević both attended, neither one of whom had ever won a Wimbledon title of any kind prior to Wimbledon 2000.

Paragraph 4: At war with France, Britain, and Russia beginning in the summer of 1914, Germany faced the strain of a two-front war. To evade this compromising situation the Germans developed a strategy known as the Schlieffen Plan. The Plan proposed that if German troops could invade France through Belgium and defeat the French, quickly removing one front, they would then be able to focus solely on Russia.  German faith in the Schlieffen Plan proved overly optimistic and French forces commanded by General Joseph Joffre “checked the German attack at the Marne River in September,” in what would be known as the First Battle of the Marne.   After facing defeat at the Battle of the Marne, the actual strain of a two-front war became progressively more real for Germany. The Germans had assumed that the Schlieffen Plan would prove successful and that the war would not be a prolonged affair.  In the months after the Battle of the Marne, German troops faced a succession of battles against combined British and French armies, known as the “Race to the Sea,” where the opposing forces attempted to “turn the other’s flank" in a contest to reach the North Sea.  From October to late November, the armies clashed in a nearly month-long battle at Ypres in Flanders, near the North Sea, which incurred a devastating loss of life for both sides.  After Ypres, only months after the beginning of the Great War, the German army had already lost 241,000 men.  As the end of 1914 approached, fighting in Western Europe, ultimately known as the “Western Front,” settled to a draining affair as the German, French and British lines entrenched themselves.  In response to the early land campaigns, the British responded with naval measures. In order to wear down German forces, the British navy towards the end of 1914 blockaded “the northern approaches to the North Sea in an effort to cut off supplies to the soldiers and civilians of the Central Powers.”  Locked into sustained fighting on the Western Front, which had already reduced supplies, the Germans now faced both the Russian threat in the east and the British blockade that “cut Germany off from sources of essential commodities.”  The British blockade highlighted major flaws in German wartime society. Although German economy was an international juggernaut that “managed to produce most of the industrial requirements of the war,” the nation “failed to secure a sufficiency of food.”  With continued fighting on two fronts and supplies restricted by the British blockade, German food shortages at home and for troops became increasingly troublesome issues. During the winter of 1916–17, such problems reached new levels in a period known as the "Turnip Winter'".

Paragraph 5: Marshall founded New Books in History in 2007, and the New Books Network in 2011; in 2014 resigning his tenured professorship to work on it full time. The network describes itself as "a consortium of podcasts dedicated to raising the level of public discourse by introducing serious authors to serious audiences." At first, Poe himself interviewed the authors of new non-fiction books for the website that was then called New Books in History. At the beginning of 2020, NBN had 104 channels, publishing 60 interviews a week, with over a million downloads a month. In December 2021 NBN podcasts were downloaded 4.77 million times. Listennotes rank NBN in the top 1% of podcasts worldwide.   NBN had published more than 9,500 interviews by the end of 2020. devoted to new books on subjects ranging from African-American studies and economics to philosophy and sports. Poe invites volunteers who are knowledgeable about a subject to conduct "radio interviews" with authors of new books in that subject area. "It's premised on the idea that while most people won't read serious books, they might listen to the authors of those books talk about the ideas in them," Poe told an interviewer. "Reading is hard and inconvenient; listening is easy and convenient. We interview authors with new books, make 'radio shows' out of them, and distribute them on the web as podcasts." In August, 2020, the NBN closed a seed funding round with a group of international investors." In October 2020 NBN starting producing a podcast series in partnership with Princeton University Press called the Princeton University Press Ideas Podcast. In 2021 NBN started a series with Oxford University Press called In Conversation: An OUP Podcast., and launched in Spanish. In 2022 The New Books Network announced that was going to start paying its hosts, and engaged former BBC World Service journalist Owen Bennett-Jones to produce a series called "The Future of".  In 2022 NBN started a series with Cambridge University Press called Exchanges: A Cambridge UP Podcast, and a partnership with Columbia University Press called "Off the Page". In August 2022 NBN published its 15,000th podcast, stating that this made it "one of the largest podcast networks in the world".. On the 3rd January 2023 the NBN informed hosts that the network had 17500 podcasts published, 4000 in 2022 alone.     .

Paragraph 6: Mohun Bagan were up against arch rivals East Bengal in the first match of the month on 2 April 2016. However, in spite of a spirited display by the Green and Maroon brigade, luck was not on their side when they succumbed to a 2–1 loss. East Bengal went ahead in the game, courtesy of a controversial penalty awarded in the 39th minute and doubled their lead in the 73rd. Bagan pulled one back, courtesy of a scintillating header from Katsumi Yusa. In the final moments of the match Bagan got a golden chance to draw level from the penalty spot but a feeble effort from Jeje Lalpekhlua was saved by the goalkeeper comfortably. Bagan still remained top of the table in spite of the loss but had played a match more than the other teams in championship contention. Bagan made the championship more difficult for themselves when they drew 2–2 against Shillong Lajong in an away encounter. Jeje Lalpekhlua and Katsumi Yusa gave Bagan the lead twice in the match but a late last minute equaliser by Uilliams Bomfim Souza broke Green and Maroon hearts all over the country. The Mariners were virtually out of the championship contention when they managed to salvage only a point following their 3–3 draw with newbies DSK Shivajians. To add insult to injury their assistant coach Sankarlal Chakraborty was handed out a 2 match suspension and a monetary fine by the AIFF on the same day because of abusive language used against the referee in the derby match on 2 April 2016. Mohun Bagan played their 5th consecutive match without a win when they pulled off a 1–1 draw with Yangon United in their AFC Cup away match. The hosts went ahead in the 26th minute only to be equalised 16 minutes later by Cornell Glen. Bagan's consecutive I-League title dream crashed when Bengaluru FC defeated Salgaocar 2–0 at home to lift the I-League for the second time in history. This reduced the Mohun Bagan–Bengaluru FC match on 23 April to a mere formality. Mohun Bagan humiliated the recently crowned I-League champions, Bengaluru FC 5–0 to return to winning ways in the I-League. Mohun Bagan went ahead 4–0 within the first 30 minutes of the match, courtesy of goals from Glen, Lenny Rodrigues, Luciano Sabrosa and the young Azharuddin Mallick. In the second half Cornell Glen netted in his second of the match and hammered the last pin in the Bengaluru FC coffin making the scoreline 5–0. Mohun Bagan secured their spot at the top of their group in the AFC Cup when they managed to salvage a point against Maziya with a 1–1 draw. Maziya went ahead in the match first, while a Jeje Lalpekhlua header pulled it back for Bagan in the dying stages of the match.

Paragraph 7: The album was released on 12 August 1997, in the United States and, by the week of 23 August 1997, it debuted at number two on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart. A week later it became number one, which it has been for a total of eleven non-consecutive weeks. Romances was even more successful in the Billboard Latin Pop Albums chart, having been number one for 13 weeks. On the Billboard 200 chart it peaked at number fourteen, with sales of over 57,000 units within the first week—a record at that time for a Spanish-language album. It was also Miguel's highest-peaking album in the Billboard 200 until the release of Cómplices in 2008, which peaked at number ten. It was the second best-selling Latin album in the United States during 1997, after Tango by Julio Iglesias. , it has sold 687,000 copies in the US, making it the 19th bestselling Latin album in the country according to Nielsen SoundScan. By October 1997 it had sold over a million copies in Mexico and was certified quadruple platinum in the country, as well as across Central America. A year after release it received a platinum certification in the United States by the RIAA. In Argentina it reached number one on the CAPIF albums chart and was the best-selling album of 1997 in the country, with sales of approximately 781,000 copies. In Spain the album reached number one on the PROMUSICAE chart and was certified nonuple platinum, selling over 900,000 copies. In South America the album was certified gold in Brazil, Platinum in Ecuador and Peru, double platinum in Colombia and Paraguay, sextuple platinum in Venezuela, octuple platinum in Chile, and diamond in Argentina. According to the Guinness World Records Romances was the best-selling Spanish-language album of 1997. A DVD-Audio for the album was released in 2001. Over 4.5 million copies of the album were sold in 53 countries, .

Paragraph 8: Canada's presence in London goes back to 1869, when Sir John Rose, 1st Baronet was appointed as Canada's informal representative in Britain. This was the first Canadian diplomatic posting and the first from any British colony to the motherland.  Since Canada did not have a foreign ministry, Rose acted as the personal representative of Canada's prime minister, Sir John A. Macdonald.  Rose's position was retained despite a change of government in Canada, and his position was given the title "Financial Commissioner for the Dominion of Canada". Additionally, in 1874, the government of Prime Minister Alexander Mackenzie named Edward Jenkins as Canada's Agent-General in London. Jenkins, a British Liberal Party Member of Parliament in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, had grown up in Quebec. His duties in that role were clarified to the House of Commons of Canada in May 1874 by Canadian Prime Minister Alexander Mackenzie, who said that Jenkins would have surveillance of the Canadian emigration business in London and occasionally be asked to attend to other business of a confidential nature. In addition, he would be "expected to give some little attention to Canadian gentlemen sojourning in London". Jenkins held the post for two years. Mackenzie then appointed former Nova Scotia premier William Annand as agent general in 1876; he held the position until Mackenzie's government was defeated.

Paragraph 9: With very few feature films made in Canada at all prior to the 1960s, in some years no Film of the Year winner was named at all, with the awards for Best Short Film or Best Amateur Film instead constituting the highest honour given to a film that year. Even the award for Film of the Year, when presented at all, often also went to a short film. The awards were also almost totally dominated by the National Film Board, to the point that independent filmmakers sometimes alleged a systemic bias which was itself a contributing factor to the difficulty of building a sustainable commercial film industry in Canada. Particularly in the 1960s, television films were also eligible for the awards; in 1969, in fact, no theatrical films were entered into the awards at all, and the nominees and winners at the 21st Canadian Film Awards consisted almost entirely of television films. Despite the creation of the ACTRA Awards in 1972, the Canadian Film Awards continued to present selected "non-feature" awards, inclusive of television films, until the 1st Genie Awards in 1980. After launching the Genies, the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television created the Bijou Awards, which were presented in 1981 as a new home for several award categories that were being dropped from the Genies, although the Bijous were never presented again after 1981, and instead the Gemini Awards were launched in 1986 to replace the ACTRAs as Canada's primary television awards.

Paragraph 10: As she neared death, Berengaria of Navarra made clear her wish to be buried within the Abbey.  Doubt remains over the exact location of her burial. Although the recumbent statue and tomb are there today, the exact whereabouts of her burial is unknown. In 1960, Pierre Térouanne found a wholly intact female skeleton in the basement of the chapter house. A small oak box has always followed the recumbent figure of the Queen despite its many pilgrimages since the Revolution. The marking Ossa Berangeria / 1230-1672-1821-1861 appears on the box. In reality, the Queen died before the Abbey could be finished. The only possibility for her burial site would have been in the abbey grounds. Her remains should therefore be situated underneath the tomb, a medieval work of art from the 13th century. On the tomb, the recumbent statue is similar to that of Aliénor d'Aquitaine at Fontevrault Abbey. The Queen is resting on her back, dressed in a long robe tied at the waist by a belt. The royal crown is placed on her head, which rests up on a cushion. At her feet, a lion is depicted slaying a greyhound. The lion and crown are symbols of royalty while the money-bag by her belt represents generosity. Her hands, folded over her chest, hold a book, the cover of which represents her own burial. In 1365, the building was devastated by fire and the tomb would certainly have been moved to the chapter house. It was definitely brought into the abbey in 1672, where it remained until the French Revolution when the building was sold as a clergy asset. The building became a gigantic agricultural grange and the tomb was lost carelessly under straw. Charles Albert Shotard, specially brought over from England, had to intervene and enforce that the tomb be respected. Pierre Thoré, owner of the grange at the abbey, resolved himself to be separated from the tomb shortly afterwards. In December 1821, it was transferred to the northern transept of the cathedral. In 1861, the tomb was moved to the southern transept to make room for another tomb; that of Monseigneur Bouvier. The Queen's tomb was again displaced in 1920, when it was moved back to the northern transept in order to make room for a monument for the priests of the diocese who died for France. It would be 1970 before the Queen's tomb would finally be brought back to the chapter house at the Abbaye de l'Epau. It was placed above the mysterious remains found by Pierre Terouanne. This skeleton belonged to a woman who died in her sixties, or the age of the Queen at the time of her death. What is inside the box attached to the Queen's tomb is still a mystery to this day.

Paragraph 11: One of the simplest ways to motivate the formula is by assuming the next item will behave similarly to the previous item.  The overall idea of the estimator is that currently we are seeing never-seen items at a certain frequency, seen-once items at a certain frequency, seen-twice items at a certain frequency, and so on.  Our goal is to estimate just how likely each of these categories is, for the next item we will see.  Put another way, we want to know the current rate at which seen-twice items are becoming seen-thrice items, and so on.  Since we don't assume anything about the underlying probability distribution, it does sound a bit mysterious at first.  But it is extremely easy to calculate these probabilities empirically for the previous item we saw, even assuming we don't remember exactly which item that was:  Take all the items we have seen so far (including multiplicities) — the last item we saw was a random one of these, all equally likely.  Specifically, the chance that we saw an item for the th time is simply the chance that it was one of the items that we have now seen  times, namely .  In other words, our chance of seeing an item that had been seen r times before was .  So now we simply assume that this chance will be about the same for the next item we see.  This immediately gives us the formula above for , by setting .  And for , to get the probability that a particular one of the  items is going to be the next one seen, we need to divide this probability (of seeing some item that has been seen r times) among the  possibilities for which particular item that could be.  This gives us the formula .  Of course, your actual data will probably be a bit noisy, so you will want to smooth the values first to get a better estimate of how quickly the category counts are growing, and this gives the formula as shown above.  This approach is in the same spirit as deriving the standard Bernoulli estimator by simply asking what the two probabilities were for the previous coin flip (after scrambling the trials seen so far), given only the current result counts, while assuming nothing about the underlying distribution.

Paragraph 12: When Togo was 8 months old, he proved his worth as a sled dog. Seppala had been hired by a client to transport him quickly to a newly discovered gold claim which would be an overnight round trip for the team. Unable to spare extra time dealing with the young Togo's antics, Seppala tethered him inside the kennel with instructions left to not let him free until he and the team were well and gone. A short while after Seppala had left, Togo broke free of the tether and jumped the kennel fence, getting his paw caught in the process. A kennel handler noticed and cut the dog down from the fencing, but before he could grab him, Togo took off to follow the team's trail. He followed them through nightfall and slept, unnoticed, near the cabin where Seppala was spending the night. The next day, Seppala spotted him far off in the distance, and understood why his dogs had been so keyed up. Togo continued to make Seppala's work difficult on the return trip to the kennel, trying to play with the work dogs and leading them in "charges against reindeer", pulling them off the trail. Seppala had no choice but to put him in a harness to control him, and was surprised that Togo instantly settled down. As the run wore on, Seppala kept moving Togo up the line until, at the end of the day, he was sharing the lead position with the lead dog (named "Russky"). Togo had logged 75 miles on his first day in harness, which was unheard of for an inexperienced young sled dog, especially a puppy. Seppala called him an "infant prodigy", and later added that "I had found a natural-born leader, something I had tried for years to breed."

Paragraph 13: After conducting an annual ceremonial ritual at Bashang (灞上, between present-day Baqiao District and Lantian County of Xi'an, Shaanxi) in the spring of 139 BC, Emperor Wu took the opportunity to pay a casual visit to his older sister Princess Pingyang, whose household happened to be nearby. Princess Pingyang, intending to gain favour with her royal brother by imitating the deeds of their aunt Princess Guantao (who gained favor with their father Emperor Jing by routinely procuring new concubines for him), had prepared a collection of young women to offer for her brother's concubinage to establish herself political leverage (girls from lowly background like Wei Zifu were however not considered). However, the plan did not work – all her candidates failed to impress the young emperor. Realizing her brother was disappointed and bored, the Princess called in her in-house dancers for entertainment. This time, Emperor Wu set his eyes on Wei Zifu and was immediately attracted by her beauty and grace. Taking the opportunity of visiting the restroom, the young emperor took advantage upon and consummated with the young singer, whom the observant Princess Pingyang had ordered to follow in and serve as a handmaid. Now excited over the romantic encounter, Emperor Wu immediately conferred a thousand sycees of gold to his sister as reward, who in turn offered the new girl to him as a gift. Emperor Wu then took Wei Zifu back to Chang'an, bringing along her younger half-brother Wei Qing as well to serve as a palace stableboy.

Paragraph 14: It is a small tree reaching 6 meters in height. The young, light brown to black branches are slightly covered in hairs and have sparse lenticels. Its elliptical, papery to slightly leathery leaves are 11–17.5 by 3.5-7 centimeters. The leaves have pointed to blunt bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 5-13 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless on their upper and lower surfaces. The leaves have 10-12 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its slightly hairy petioles are 4-8 by 1–2.5 millimeters with a narrow groove on their upper side. Its solitary Inflorescences occur on branches, and are organized on densely hairy peduncles that are 2-4 by 0.6-1.1 millimeters. Each inflorescence has 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a sparsely hairy pedicel that is 20-60 by 0.4-1.3 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have 3-4 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, very densely hairy bract that is 1-2 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 oval sepals, that are 2-4 by 2.5-3.5 millimeters and partially fused at their base. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The white, elliptical, outer petals are 7.5-11 by 5.5-8 millimeters with hairless upper and sparsely hairy lower surfaces. The purple to purple-green, diamond-shaped inner petals have a 3-9 millimeter long claw at their base and a 9-18.5 by 5.5-9.5 millimeter blade. The inner petals have pointed bases and tips. The inner petals are slightly hairy on their upper surface and densely hairy on their lower surfaces. The inner petals have two, square, smooth, prominently raised glands on their upper surface. Male flowers have 110-115 stamens that are 0.8-1.4 by 0.6-1 millimeters. Female flowers have up to 11 carpels that are 2.6-2.8 by 1.1-1.3 millimeters. Each carpel has up to 17 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have up to 2 sterile stamens. The fruit occur in clusters of 1-2 that are organized on hairless peduncles that are 3.5-6 by 2-2.5 millimeters. The fruit are attached by hairless pedicles that are 26-36 by 1.5-2 millimeters. The green, mature fruit are elliptical and 25-34 by 17-27 millimeters. The fruit are smooth, and very densely hairy. Each fruit has up to 17 lens-shaped, wrinkly seeds that are 13–18.5 by 6–8.5 by 2.5-4.5 millimeters.

Paragraph 15: In addition to teaching, research, and writing, Smart was something of an activist in promoting improved cross-cultural understanding.  In the 1970s, he was involved in several initiatives in Britain to broaden the public religious education curriculum, previously purely Christian, to include the range of world religions.  He also served on the National Schools Council advising on broadening the religious education curriculum. The teaching of religion in the state school system in the United Kingdom, which is mandatory, distinguishes teaching about religion from faith-nurture, which is not properly part of the task.  Smart was involved in the Assembly of the World's Religions series of meetings (1985, 1990, 1992) sponsored by Sun Myung Moon, founder of the Unification movement and served as president of the Inter Religious Federation for World Peace. In 1999, he was co-convener of the First Assembly of the Inter-religious and International Federation for World Peace, established by Moon. Smart reiterated his conviction that without improved understanding of the religious and cultural Other, peace in the world would remain elusive. His concept of religions as worldviews, and his value-free approach to religious studies – that is, refraining from elevating a single understanding of "truth" as some sort of evaluative criterion of religious authenticity-opened up for him the study of non-religious ideologies or worldviews (he preferred this term because it does not imply that theism is an essential element) as well as of new religious movements, which he saw as one result of globalisation.  He also wrote the foreword for the Unification publication, World Scripture, edited by Andrew Wilson, in which he stated that, "it is obvious that as we move toward a world civilization, in which so many cultures and spiritual traditions will impinge on one another, all of us should understand one another." Smart was also a member of the International Board of the Global Ethics and Religion Forum, an educational, non-profit NGO dedicated to increasing global ethical responsibility.

Paragraph 16: The terms "township" and "town" are closely related (in many historical documents the terms are used interchangeably). However, the powers granted to townships or towns vary considerably from state to state. Many states grant townships some governmental powers (making them civil townships, either independently or as a part of the county government. In others, survey townships are non-governmental. Towns in the six New England states and townships in New Jersey and Pennsylvania are included in this category by the Census Bureau, despite the fact that they are legally municipal corporations, since their structure has no necessary relation to concentration of population, which is typical of municipalities elsewhere in the United States. In particular, towns in New England have considerably more power than most townships elsewhere and often function as legally equivalent to cities, typically exercising the full range of powers that are divided between counties, townships, and cities in other states. In New England, towns are a principal form of local municipal government, providing many of the functions of counties in other states. In California, by contrast, the pertinent statutes of the Government Code clarify that "town" is simply another word for "city", especially a general law city as distinct from a charter city. In some states, large areas have no general-purpose local government below the county level.

Paragraph 17: Schult works in the tradition of Pop Art, being influenced by commercial advertising and a critical view of consumerism, but also creates happenings. Peter Ludwig from the Museum Ludwig, Cologne, says: "The entire art movement of the sixties, which was combined under the expression Pop Art, was nothing more than the large-scale attempt to bring art back into a very close relationship with life. ... An action like the one by HA Schult follows here the same line, the attempt to fuse art and life again into one unit, which of course still gives the individual the liberty to accept this as art or not." For instance, in Cologne, a happening staged by Schult involving "19 luxury cars worth a total of over 4 million marks (1.8 million dollars)" caused what was described by one source as the "world's most expensive traffic jam". However, Schult primarily uses trash as an artistic material both for his object art and happenings. The artist calls himself a "Macher", a German word that can mean a "maker" or "worker." According to David Sim, Kim Levin and others, Schult's public extravaganzas have been compared with those of Christo and Jeff Koons. Schult describes himself as an ardent proponent of the "new ecological consciousness" and was referred to as an "eco-art pioneer" by Washington Post writer Rachel Beckman. Art historian Jens Christian Jensen wrote about Schult: "I do not know another German artist who grasps his tasks so comprehensively, no one who has such a sense of feeling for that what matters in our times. In HA Schult the gap has been closed that has been for 200 years between art and the public." According to Peter Weibel, "For decades HA Schult has managed to stimulate public awareness using images he has experienced. He stages topics in public places, which are normally edged away from the public. His art work is always directly related to the location where it is shown. He confronts the feudalism, which is manifested in gigantic triumphant buildings with the pauperism of the exploited workers who built them. He pays tribute to the unnamed soldiers and slaves and not to the heroes and sovereigns." According to art historian Gail Levin (Rutgers University), Schult "has made a biting commentary on the indulgent aspects of western society. He calls our attention to our own conspicuous consumption, obsessively returning to the metaphor of garbage, refuse dumps, and debris. He describes his picture boxes as expressing the 'archeology of

Paragraph 18: On 27 March, Gloucester, now reassigned to the 7th CS, departed Piraeus bound for Souda Bay, Crete as part of Vice-Admiral Andrew Cunningham's plan to trap and destroy a large portion of the Italian Fleet which was at sea in an attempt to intercept British convoys operating between Greece and Egypt. British signals intelligence had revealed the Italian plan and Cunningham attempted to consolidate his ships, but was delayed and missed his rendezvous with the 7th CS scheduled for the following morning. The Italians located the squadron first and the 3rd Cruiser Division with three heavy cruisers, escorted by three destroyers, opened fire at 08:12 at very long range. Only Gloucester returned fire as the British attempted to disengage, but the Italians followed, against orders, when Admiral Angelo Iachino recalled them at 08:55. The 7th CS turned around to observe the Italian manoeuvre and Iachino attempted to pincer the British cruisers between his 3rd Cruiser Division and his flagship, the battleship . Although Vice-Admiral Henry Pridham-Wippell knew that the Italians had a battleship at sea, he was still caught by surprise when Vittorio Veneto opened fire at 10:55 at Orion. The 3rd Cruiser Division joined in shortly afterwards, but gunnery problems plagued the Italians and they scored no hits against their primary targets, Gloucester and Orion. The British ships laid smoke screens and turned south towards the main body of the Mediterranean Fleet. An unsuccessful attack by torpedo bombers from the aircraft carrier  persuaded Iachino to turn back at 11:40. The 7th CS was able to keep up the pursuit that afternoon after another torpedo bomber attack damaged the Vittorio Veneto at 15:20 and reduced her speed. A subsequent attack crippled the heavy cruiser  and Orions radar picked up Pola, and the two other heavy cruisers that had been sent to her assistance, at 20:15. Cunningham's three battleships quickly sank all three heavy cruisers at point-blank range later that night.

Paragraph 19: Tekker has meanwhile fled to the Borad, and blames the setback on the last remaining loyal Counsellor, Kendron, whom the Borad executes. Tekker remains with the Borad, now revealed to be a hideous amalgam of human and Morlox. They watch on a screen as Peri is brought into a cave and strapped down while Morlox gather to feed. A canister of the chemical Mustakozene-80 is placed nearby, which has the ability to fuse together the tissue of different species. The Borad has taken a liking to Peri and wishes to mutate her like himself. The Doctor arrives to confront Tekker and the Borad, recognising the latter as Megelen, a crazed scientist he encountered on his previous visit to Karfel and exposed to the Council for unethical experiments on Morloxes. Megelen wishes to replicate its effects to create a partner. His plan has been to provoke a war with the Bandrils that will result in their use of warheads which will wipe out all the Karfelons – but leave the Morlox and himself alive – allowing him to repopulate the world in his own image. This revelation prompts Tekker too to rebel, but he is aged to death. The Doctor then uses a Kontron Crystal to deflect Megelen's beam back at him, killing the mutant in his wheelchair.

Paragraph 20: The red flowers typically have a diameter of  and smell awfully of rotten meat to attract flies for pollination. This species has some claim to being the world's largest flower, for although the average size of R. arnoldii is greater than the average R. kerrii, there have been two recent specimens of R. kerrii of exceptional size: One specimen found in the Lojing Highlands of peninsular Malaysia on April 7, 2004 by Prof. Dr. Kamarudin Mat-Salleh, and Mat Ros measured  in width, while another found in 2007 in Kelantan State, peninsular Malaysia by Dr. Gan Canglin measured . The photograph of Dr. Gan with the flower clearly shows that the corolla is  in width; the largest corolla ever reported anywhere. The plant is a parasite to the wild grapes of the genus Tetrastigma (T. leucostaphylum, T. papillosum and T. quadrangulum), but only the flowers are visible.  The remainder of the plant is a network of fibers penetrating all of the tissues of the Tetrastigma, which fibers, although Angiosperm in nature, closely resemble a fungal mycelium. Small buds appear along the lianas and roots of the host, which after nine months open as giant flowers. After just one week the flower wilts. The species seems to be flowering seasonally, as flowers are only reported during the dry season, from January to March, and more rarely till July.

Paragraph 21: The British Pacific Squadron was established in 1813 to support British interests along the eastern shores of the Pacific Ocean at Valparaíso, Chile. In 1837, when the South America station was split, this responsibility was passed to the Commander-in-Chief, Pacific. In 1843, George Paulet, captain of , took her out from Valparaíso to Honolulu to demand the islands of the Kingdom of Hawaii for Britain. King Kamehameha III capitulated and signed the islands over to Paulet. In the summer of that year, Rear-Admiral Richard Darton Thomas set out from Valparaíso in  to rein Paulet in. On 31 July 1843, Thomas assured the King that the occupation was over and that there was no British claim over the islands.

Paragraph 22: Any firm distinction between the kingdoms of Eastern Francia and Germany is to some extent the product of later retrospection. It is impossible to base this distinction on primary sources, as Eastern Francia remains in use long after Kingdom of Germany comes into use. The 12th century imperial historian Otto von Freising reported that the election of Henry the Fowler was regarded as marking the beginning of the kingdom, though Otto himself disagreed with this. Thus: From this point some reckon a kingdom of the Germans as supplanting that of the Franks. Hence, they say that Pope Leo in the decrees of the popes, called Henry's son Otto the first king of the Germans. For that Henry of whom we are speaking refused, it is said, the honor offered by the supreme pontiff. But it seems to me that the kingdom of the Germans — which today, as we see, has possession of Rome — is a part of the kingdom of the Franks. For, as is perfectly clear in what precedes, at the time of Charles the boundaries of the kingdom of the Franks included the whole of Gaul and all Germany, from the Rhine to Illyricum. When the realm was divided between his son's sons, one part was called eastern, the other western, yet both together were called the Kingdom of the Franks. So then in the eastern part, which is called the Kingdom of the Germans, Henry was the first of the race of Saxons to succeed to the throne when the line of Charles failed ... [western Franks discussed] ... Henry's son Otto, because he restored to the German East Franks the empire which had been usurped by the Lombards, is called the first king of the Germans — not, perhaps, because he was the first king to reign among the Germans. It is here and elsewhere that Otto distinguishes the first German king (Henry I) and the first German king to hold imperial power (Otto I).

Paragraph 23: This concept may be embedded in standard foresight projects and introduced into anticipatory decision-making activity in order to increase the ability of social groups adapt to surprises arising in turbulent business environments. Such sudden and unique incidents might constitute turning points in the evolution of a certain trend or system. Wild cards may or may not be announced by weak signals, which are incomplete and fragmented data from which relevant foresight information might be inferred. Sometimes, mistakenly, wild cards and weak signals are considered as synonyms, which they are not. One of the most often cited examples of a wild card event in recent history is 9/11. Nothing had happened in the past that could point to such a possibility and yet it had a huge impact on everyday life in the United States, from simple tasks like how to travel via airplane to deeper cultural values. Wild card events might also be natural disasters, such as Hurricane Katrina, which can force the relocation of huge populations and wipe out entire crops or completely disrupt the supply chain of many businesses. Although wild card events cannot be predicted, after they occur it is often easy to reflect back and convincingly explain why they happened.

Paragraph 24: The outlook for accounting programs in the United States is looking up. While the number of accounting students had dropped from its peak in 1993 and 1994 when there were 60,000 students enrolled in accounting programs, there were 37,000 undergraduate degrees awarded in 2002–2003. This represents a 6% increase from the previous year. There were also 12,655 graduate degrees awarded, a 30% increase. The causes of this increase have been ascribed to the loss of jobs in Information Technology due to the recent dot com crash, as well as the full-employment aspects of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the effects of all of the recent accounting scandals.

Paragraph 25: With premiership small forward Daniel Rioli still recovering from a serious foot injury, Bolton came out of a fitness-building off-season and straight into Richmond's senior forward line. He played in both of the club's official pre-season matches,  including a three-goal tally in that series' first match against . On the back of those performances he was selected to play in the round 1 season-opener against . Bolton was relatively ineffectual over the season's first two matches however, recording only three tackles and one goal in total and was subsequently dropped from Richmond's round 3 side. Despite his inability to impact at senior level, Bolton was immediately impressive in his first reserves match of the season, kicking three goals in Richmond's VFL win over Port Melbourne. He remained at the lower level for a further six weeks until suffering a match-ending corked quad in the third quarter of a VFL win over  in late May. The club was cautious with Bolton's injury, resting him from match play for one week. Upon his return to VFL football he recorded 17 disposals while being trialed in limited midfield minutes. The following week Bolton kicked two goals against  but was most notable for a spectacular mark that saw him earn the VFL's Mark of the Year award at season's end. He would also earn the competition's Goal of the Year when he scored from the forward pocket after repeatedly shrugging tackles during a match against the  reserves in early July. The goal, along with 22 disposals and eight tackles recorded in that win saw Bolton earn a second chance at AFL football in 2018. It would last just one match however, with Bolton immediately dropped back to VFL level following a goalless nine disposal performance in the round 17 loss to . In his first two matches back at VFL level he was tried successfully in a half-back role, collecting 24 disposals while also rotating through the midfield in the second match of that short stretch. The experiment would not last long however, with Bolton sustaining a minor knee injury while training with the club in late July. Continued soreness in the joint saw Bolton undergo an arthroscope procedure, including a clean-up of the tissue around his meniscus. Bolton did not return to football in 2018, despite club officials earlier stating that he was likely to return in time for the VFL finals series. He finished the year having played three matches at AFL level and a further 13 with the club's reserves side in the VFL.

Paragraph 26: Titled as an exhortation by Davis to McLaughlin, "Go Ahead John" features a basic, blues motif, centered around E and B♭, as well as modulations introduced by Davis into the D♭ scale. The recording begins with McLaughlin's funky wah-wah lines, backing Grossman's sharp, restrained playing, with Davis's first trumpet solo entering at four minutes with scattered ideas. In his book Milestones: The Music and Times of Miles Davis, Jack Chambers writes that the recording's first 11 minutes and its closing four-and-a-half minutes "resemble Willie Nelson [from Jack Johnson] as a head arrangement built on a riff, with the riff sustained this time by McLaughlin's steady wah-wah in the background. Approximately six minutes into it, McLaughlin's guitar solo succeeds Davis's first solo, as the band vamps. Music journalist Todd S. Jenkins writes of this passage in the recording, "Thanks to the then-new wonders of noise gate technology, Jack DeJohnette’s drums and cymbals flit back and forth rapidly from left to right in the mix. With each switch, the guitar’s volume blasts in and out, over and over again, during McLaughlin’s relentlessly acidic solo". Following the passage, an unrelated theme opens with two minutes of a slow blues segment by Davis that is spliced into the recording, accompanied solely by occasional notes from Holland; According to Jack Chambers, Davis's blues solo "becomes a duet with himself by overdubbing, and then builds into a quintet performance lasting ten more minutes". Phil Freeman wrote of this "doubling effect", stating "Miles's two solos fit together perfectly, creating a feel similar to that of New Orleans jazz, with two trumpets weaving intricate, complementary lines around each other".

Paragraph 27: Cobra Records went bankrupt in 1959, and Rush signed a recording contract with Chess Records in 1960. He recorded eight tracks for the label, four of which were released on two singles that year. Six tracks, including the two singles, were later included on the album Door to Door in 1969, a compilation also featuring Chess recordings by Albert King. Rush went into the studio for Duke Records in 1962, but only one single, "Homework" backed with "I Have to Laugh", was issued by the label. It was also released in Great Britain as Vocalion VP9260 in 1963. In 1965, he recorded for Vanguard; these recordings are included on the label's compilation album Chicago/The Blues/Today! Vol. 2. Rush began playing in other cities in the United States and in Europe during the 1960s, notably with the American Folk Blues Festival. Unoficial recordings at this festival in 1967 and at the University of Chicago Folkfest in 1966 were later released together with recordings of Little Walter. In 1969, his album Mourning in the Morning was released by Cotillion Records. Recorded at the FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, the album was produced by Michael Bloomfield and Nick Gravenites (then of the band Electric Flag). The sound incorporated soul music and rock, a new direction for Rush.

Paragraph 28: "Death" introduced several characters who would maintain important recurring roles throughout the rest of the series. Among them were Sheila Broflovski and Grandpa Marvin Marsh. Sheila and Gerald Broflovski, Kyle's parents, were named after Stone's parents, although he insists the characters are nothing like his real parents. Marvin Marsh was not based on any real-life person, but Parker and Stone wanted to create a rude and unlikeable grandfather character because they felt most elderly people were portrayed as sweet and lovable on television. Originally, they wanted Marvin Marsh to be known as the "molesting grandpa" who kept making sexual comments to Stan and attempting to play inappropriate games with him, but Comedy Central refused to allow it, which Parker said was "probably the right call". Terrance and Phillip are loosely based on Parker and Stone themselves, and were also inspired by the Itchy & Scratchy characters from The Simpsons, as well as the protagonists from the MTV cartoon Beavis and Butt-Head. Although "Death" marked the first appearance of Terrance and Phillip, Parker said the duo "took on a life of their own". They have made frequent appearances throughout the rest of the series, and played a major role in South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut.

Paragraph 29: In early times Jalaun seems to have been the home of kurmi clans, the jalaunya kurmi in the east and the Kachwahas in the west. The village Garghgawan was the estate of the Bhadauria clan, the historic monument of this clan still exists in this village. The town of Kalpi on the Yamuna was conquered by the armies of Muhammad Ghori in 1196. In the early 14th century, the Bundelas occupied the greater part of Jalaun and even succeeded in holding the fortified post of Kalpi. That important possession was soon recovered by the Delhi Sultanate and was then passed on to the Mughal Empire. Akbar's governors at Kalpi maintained a nominal authority over the surrounding district, and the Bundela chiefs were in a state of chronic revolt, which culminated in the war of independence under Maharaja Chhatrasal. On the outbreak of his rebellion in 1671, he occupied a large province to the south of the Yamuna. Setting out from this base, and assisted by the Marathas, he conquered the whole of Bundelkhand. On his death in 1732 he bequeathed one-third of his dominions to his Maratha allies, who before long succeeded in annexing the whole of Bundelkhand. Jalaun flourished under the administration of The Great Warrior Shreenath Mahadji Shinde.

Paragraph 30: CSI originally starred William Petersen and Marg Helgenberger alongside an ensemble including George Eads, Gary Dourdan, and Paul Guilfoyle. Jorja Fox joined the cast in episode two of the first season, whilst Eric Szmanda and Robert David Hall recurred throughout the first two seasons of the show before being promoted to regular status starting with the third. Louise Lombard, who first appeared in season five, joined the cast starting with season seven. The first major cast overhaul came with the show's eighth and ninth seasons. Lombard departed the cast in the first episode of season eight, whilst Fox departed in episode seven of the same season. Wallace Langham joined the main cast following Lombard's departure, having recurred since the third season. Fox would return for guest appearances during the ninth season in order to facilitate the departures of both Gary Dourdan and William Petersen, who were replaced by Lauren Lee Smith and Laurence Fishburne, respectively. Smith departed the cast at the end of her first year, and was replaced by a returning Jorja Fox, who featured in a recurring capacity. Liz Vassey and David Berman, who had recurred from season six, and season one, respectively, also joined the cast starting with season ten. Like Smith, Vassey departed the cast after a single season, and was replaced by Fox, who rejoined the main cast. William Petersen would appear in voice clips sporadically over the next three seasons. Fishburne departed the main cast at the end of season eleven, a season that featured guest appearances by Elisabeth Harnois and Louise Lombard, and was replaced by Ted Danson. Danson made his main cast debut alongside Elisabeth Harnois at the start of the twelfth season. Series lead Marg Helgenberger departed the main cast in the twelfth episode of season twelve and was replaced by Elisabeth Shue. Season thirteen saw Jon Wellner join the main cast after eight years a guest star. Helgenberger returned for a single episode in season fourteen, while Paul Guilfoyle departed at the end of the same year, followed by Elisabeth Shue and George Eads at the end of the fifteenth season. The show's finale, a two-hour film, featured the return of Helgenberger, Petersen, and Guilfoyle. The series finale marked their final appearances, as well as the final appearances of Fox, Szmanda, Hall, Langham, Berman, Harnois, and Wellner. Ted Danson went on to reprise his role of Russell during season two of Cyber.