Paragraph 1: Chapters 1-3 of Book II continue the discussion of semen from the end of Book I. As a result of questioning potential ways in which the particular parts of animals might come to be formed, such as semen containing small versions of the bodily organs, before settling on the idea that semen contributes the potential (dunamis) for the parts to come into being as they are. This is the basis for the imparting of the soul upon the material substratum present in the egg, as the female reproductive residue itself contains no active principle for the motion required to form an embryo. Aristotle’s conception of the soul should not be mistaken for one which takes the soul to be a non-physical substance separate to the body. It instead comprises the ability for some function to be performed, which in the case of bodily development means the ability for organs to perform their bodily functions. Scholar Devin Henry describes Aristotle’s view as follows:"Aristotelian souls are not the sorts of things that are capable of being implanted in bodily organs from without (except perhaps intellectual soul). Soul is not an extra ingredient added to the organ over-and-above its structure. Once there is a properly constructed organ it straightaway possess the corresponding soul-function in virtue of its structure."The generative capacity of semen in imparting the soul is its heat, with semen itself being “a compound of breath and water”. It is the component of breath (pneuma) that shapes the material provided by the female into the correct form.

Paragraph 2: the anal one of the hindwing; the female shaded with very dark. Underside almost uniformly grey, with numerous ocelli, the disc of the forewing being slightly yellowish. In North, Central and South Europe, sporadic, but common in many localities. Appears to be nowadays absent from England. Albinotic specimens have a whitish upperside with a sky-blue instead of violet-blue sheen in the males; this is ab. argenteola Schultz. The ocelli of the underside are sometimes reduced, the central ones (ab. decurtata Schultz) or the marginal ones (ab. orba Schultz), or all, especially often in eurybia (ab. extincta Gillm.). The spots also may be prolonged and united with one another (ab. confluens Gerh.) in every conceivable degree. — In the alpine form, eurybia O. (= eurydice Hbn.) (76 h) the female is often entirely dark brown above with the markings hardly perceivable, being on the wing hardly recognizable as a Chrysophanus; only occasionally is the disc of the forewing above yellowish and glossy golden. The male has above a quite different, more red gloss. In the mountains of Switzerland and Scandinavia, also in the Altai and other Asiatic mountains. — The form italica Calb., from the central and northern Apennines, is a transition from the typical form towards eurybia. The female is not quite dark brown above, the disc of the forewing having a stronger golden brown gloss. The discocellular spot is visible in the male but small. — An exaggerated form of eurybia with the upperside of the female deep dark brown is ab. nigra Favre. — amurensis Stgr. (76 i) is a very large form from North China and Amurland ; the female  is very dark, bearing only in the anal area of the hindwing a narrow yellowish red half-band; the ocelli of the underside are strongly developed. — stieberi Gerh. (76 i) is the smaller form from North Europe with bright golden red ground-colour on the upperside of the female, the underside bearing usually a very distinct yellowish red submarginal band, which in the males is also very prominent on the upperside, whereas it is entirely absent from the males of hippothoe and eurybia. — candens H.-Schaff. is the form inhabiting the Balkan Peninsula and Anterior Asia. The males have no blue sheen and the forewing above is entirely golden brown in the females; the black margin of the upperside is narrower in both sexes. — Ter Haar describes some specimens obtained by him at Groningen in the Netherlands which he says have the blue sheen peculiarly modified, being condensed in violet-blue streaks and dots; he calls this form from its habitat ab. groningana. — Larva velvety dark green with brown head, dark dorsal line and yellow lateral one; until the middle of May on Rumex. Pupa yellowish brown like leather, spotted with black; it lies free on the ground (Fryer). The butterflies appear at the end of May, in the northern districts a little later (early in June) and are found until late in July in luxuriant meadows, where they settle on umbellifers or in the grass, the males always with the wings half open. The localities are often of very small extent, sometimes being only a certain part of a meadow, where the species, however, is nearly always very plentiful. The females appear about 2 – 3 weeks after the males have commenced to fly. The form eurybia of the high Alps does not begin to fly before the very end of July and is on the wing into September; the northern stieberi also does not appear before July.

Paragraph 3: Liane Brauch Russel was born in 1923 to a Jewish family in Vienna, Austria. Her father was a chemical engineer while her mother taught singing, and she was the oldest out of her two other siblings. As a child, her parents were very encouraging of Liane's inquiring mind and constantly reminded her that girls could do anything boys could do. However, despite her parents' evident kind-heartedness, the world was at a loss for morality during the later years of Liane's childhood. In 1938, Austria was annexed by the Nazis, and due to Liane's Jewish heritage, she and her family were forced to flee Austria to London. Liane and her family lost their house and possessions, and her father even lost his entire business to the Nazi regime. After several years in England, Liane moved to the United States, where she decided to further her education at Hunter College in New York City. She studied chemistry and biology and completed a summer research assistantship at Jackson Laboratory, a biomedical research institution that focuses on studying human biology and genomics. Interestingly enough, through the assistantship, her supervisor, William Russel, a leading geneticist at the time, would later become both Liane's husband and research partner. Upon graduation from Hunter College in 1945, Liane went back to Jackson Laboratory before moving to the University of Chicago to pursue her Ph.D. in Zoology. After initiating her Ph.D., Liane went to work at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee, which played a vital role in the development of nuclear weapons through the Manhattan Project in WWII. Liane was fortunate enough to work alongside her husband, William Russell, as they both had a mission to study the effects of radiation exposure on mice. Mice share various genetic qualities with humans and thus were the perfect test subjects for Liane's radiation experiments. The essential pain point Liane was looking to solve was that the current information surrounding the effects of radiation on congenital disabilities was insufficient and inconclusive. Essentially, Liane was looking to innovate on recent research and prove the harmful effects that radiation can have on humans. Thus, she began researching how radiation affects mice embryos at certain stages in their development. Through this research, Liane discovered a variety of different deformities that would arise within the embryos at different stages of growth. Through Liane's findings, she determined that the most critical time of human gestation is within the first two to six weeks, during which most women do not even know they are pregnant. Both Liane and her husband published a paper describing their findings. The report recommended that women who may be pregnant only receive specific radiological procedures during the two weeks after their last menstrual cycle when they are most likely not pregnant. The paper was published in 1952 and received heavy criticism and controversy from radiologists. However, despite heavy criticism, the innovative research that both Liane and her husband performed became known as the 14-day rule and became a radiological practice accepted in almost every country. And to this day, this innovative rule is still a prominent rule among radiologists internationally. These findings have protected millions of pregnant women from premature radiation procedures that would've had detrimental effects on their pregnancies and children in the 1950s and the present day. Furthermore, Liane has received a variety of awards for her research. She was awarded the Roentgen Medal in 1973, became a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1986, and received the Enrico Fermi Award from the Department of Energy in 1994. Likewise, the Oak Ridge National Laboratory created the Liane B. Russell Distinguished Early Career Fellowship, a program primarily for minority and female scientists who help them get early exposure to various scientific fields. Inevitably, Liane Russell played a pivotal role in the radiation field and discovered its harmful effects on developing embryos. And her innovative research has been able to save lives and improve the overarching areas of science and medicine both during her life and after.

Paragraph 4: The Three Rivers Hotel, made famous by Slim Dusty in a song by the same name, is now located at Greenvale.  This is not the actual hotel where the song was penned by Stan Coster.  The hotel reference is actually to the "Mess Hall" at the construction camp where Stan Coster penned the song.  Stan worked as Grader operator for Thiess Brothers on the construction of the railway line. The origin of the name "Three Rivers Hotel" is not because the "hotel" was ever at the junction of the three rivers - Burdekin, Star and Clarke as stated on numerous web sites.  The lyrics mentions the camp at the Star River.  This was one of 6 camps that existed on the length of the Greenvale line .  During 1974 North Queensland was severely drenched by a very active wet season and work on the railway line ceased for days, even weeks, on end.  The workers in the camps had nothing better to do than spend the day in the camp "boozer". Each camp had a boozer which was a basic demountable building with outdoor covered seating. During one of these wet days the water started to enter the confines of the boozer and immediately some of the men started digging some improvised drainage around the boozer to channel away the water. As they built the channels, some wags named them after the 3 main rivers (Burdekin, Star and Clarke). These were joined up roughly as they do in real life and the boozer named "the Three Rivers Hotel".  One of the drinkers that day was Stan Coster who penned the song on the spot in the bar and performed it for the drinkers.  The three rivers referred in the song do not join up at one point but the Star and the Clarke join the Burdekin at completely separate locations and therefore there could be no hotel on the "junction" of the three rivers the song refers to. 

Paragraph 5: After returning to Berlin in 1946 as one of the founding directors of the DEFA studios, Dudow began adapting his play Der Weltuntergang for the screen. Despite the symbolic capital Dudow brought to DEFA as a renowned Weimar-era left-wing filmmaker, this first project was shelved by the authorities apparently because the film was deemed formalist. Dudow soon after produced a socialist realist melodrama, Our Daily Bread (1949), and with Kurt Maetzig, took on the direction of another socialist realist family drama, The Benthin Family (1950). Dudow's 1952 film Frauenschicksale, his first film in color, which he both wrote and directed, was popular with audiences, but was criticized by both Party authorities and communist women's organizations for its depiction of women. It features a cast of important actresses of various generations (including Lotte Loebinger, Maly Delschaft, and Sonja Sutter) and shows the circumstances of a divided Berlin, still in the early postwar period. In 1953, Dudow submitted a treatment for a socialist realist film dealing with the issue of a divided Germany, Singende Jugend, but the film was never made. His next film, Stärker als die Nacht (1954), was written by the communist writers Kurt Stern and Jeanne Stern; it deals with the communist resistance in Germany during the Third Reich and is apparently based on the Sterns' own experience. The Captain from Cologne (1956), a rather bleak satire featuring Rolf Ludwig, Christel Bodenstein, and Erwin Geschonneck, was adapted by Dudow, along with Henryk Keisch and Michael Tschesno-Hell, from Carl Zuckmayer's play Der Hauptmann von Köpenick. The film delivers a blistering critique of West Germany's military buildup under Konrad Adenauer and its institutional continuity with the Third Reich. Dudow's most famous East German film, Love's Confusion (1959), is a big-budget, color(ful), Shakespearean romp written by Dudow and starring the young Angelica Domröse, Annekathrin Bürger, and Willi Schrade. In it, he directs somewhat gentler satiric energies toward the GDR itself. Dudow was widely considered a "film school of one" during the 1950s, and was a mentor to both Gerhard Klein and Heiner Carow. Dudow's final film, Christine (1963), which he also wrote, was shot in black-and-white and takes a much darker look at social problems and the position of women in the GDR. Dudow died in a car crash in Berlin while it was being shot, and the film was never finished. (A partial reconstruction, based on a very rough cut, was undertaken in the 1970s and "premiered"—in one screening only—in 1974.)

Paragraph 6: At a small gathering, consisting of the wedding party from Mumbai, Sarju, Nasreen and Shabnam, Shabnam sings a beautiful song at which Shakir Khan seems quite impressed. He later expresses his wish to marry Shabnam which shocks Najma as Shabnam is quite young and not yet 16. However, Akhtar persuades her to set up the wedding as even if she refuses to, the poor parents will be more than happy to get one of their daughters married to such a rich man. The bride's family accepts the offer but sets up their own demands asking for 5000 rupees for the family (to be used for the elder daughter's marriage) and 101 rupees as bakshish for the matchmaker, Hajjan Bi. With the wedding being set up, Salim is horrified at the whole thing and in a drunken state expresses his anger at how the girls are being sold off to the rich because of poverty. He equates the setting up of the wedding to the system where humans are auctioned. When Sarju gets to know of the wedding, he confronts Shabnam's parents asking them how they could do so knowing that he and Shabnam love each other and that he was working hard to earn a living with the intention of marrying her. He points out that they have auctioned her happiness and swears that he will either not let this wedding take place or destroy himself. On the other hand, Najma is not able to deal with the whole situation and constantly questions her role in it. Salim tells her that marriage is but a socially acceptable way of selling and buying humans and that she too has been a victim of a similar market. He tells her that as long as she is dependent on a man she will be just a toy, only when she stands on her own feet will she become her own person, with her separate identity. At that point, Sarju comes over to Najma and tells her that she had set up the love of his life with Shakir Khan. Najma feels terrible and tries to get the wedding cancelled but to no avail. She breaks down and apologizes for messing it up. Sarju takes matters into his own hands and pleads Shakir Khan to break off the wedding, relating all his troubles, but only gets thrashed by him in return with Akhtar and some of the others from the wedding party as mute spectators.

Paragraph 7: 	From those early years in the 1970s through to the first decade of the twenty-first century, Stiller would set a hectic pace for himself of work, research, advocacy and medical-based entrepreneurship. His name can be found on some 265 peer-reviewed scientific papers, which is an astonishing level of published research for a physician who, along the way, had married the former Angie Apolinario, had a family of six children, a full case-load of patients, and held numerous administrative responsibilities. Additionally, Stiller had found the time to be an early adopter of computerized patient records, as well as to co-create a telephone-based medical service, which he would take public. This service became the first form of Telemedicine offered by the Government of Ontario.4  These foundational years of his career, especially the pioneering days of organ transplantation, were very exciting, he says, but also hard-going emotionally because a large number of transplant recipients died. Still, ‘some of my best memories’, he recalls, ‘are of driving home at two in the morning from the ICU after a family had agreed to donate a loved one’s organs, and knowing that someone facing imminent death was being prepped for the OR’.5  A deep and abiding commitment to the eventual widespread success of organ transplantation led to Stiller's establishing the Multi-Organ Transplant Service and the Canadian Centre for Transplantation in London, over which he acted as chief from 1984 until 1996. Organ rejection was (and remains) a major challenge in the field and Stiller's key involvement as principal investigator in the early 1980s in the clinical trials and market development of the drug Cyclosporine for use as a first-line therapy for transplant rejection stands as a towering achievement in revolutionizing the success rate of organ transplants worldwide. In 1990, he published the book, Lifegifts: The Real Story of Organ Transplantation, in which he, along with his brother, the Rev’d Brian Stiller, recounts this remarkable history.6  In a similar way, Stiller's leading role amongst a team of researchers had proved in 1984 that human Type I Diabetes was an autoimmune disorder and therefore amenable to a regime of immunosuppressant or immunomodulant treatment. It was a singular breakthrough that was much-praised by the medical community, as well as by many others, including the late Professor Michael Bliss, the renowned University of Toronto medical historian and biographer of the Nobel prize-winning co-discoverer of insulin, Sir Frederick Banting.7

Paragraph 8: A blonde Daughter of the Moon and Daughter of Pandora, who stars in Goddess of the Night (Book #1), Moon Demon (Book #7) where she finds out that she started to fall in love with what Jimena's grandmother called the devil, and The Final Eclipse (Book #13).  As a Daughter of the Moon, she is able to expand her molecules and become invisible. Occasionally, she can move objects while she is invisible, but it takes a lot of concentration. Originally, Vanessa was cautious about using her power, which caused her to have very poor control over it. However, throughout the series, she becomes more comfortable using it although she is still affected by strong emotions, such as fear. She lives with her mother, a Hollywood costume designer. Her father was a stunt coordinator who died when she was five in an accident. Vanessa is portrayed as being intelligent and always trying to see the best of people, such as Morgan Page who is consistently rude to Vanessa's other friends. Her best friend is Catty Turner, whom she has known since they were both children. She dates Michael Saratoga on and off throughout the series. In book 4, she starts to date Toby, a Regulator, who wants the Secret Scroll destroyed but he endangers all of the girls, including Vanessa. Fortunately, he is ultimately killed in the end. In book 7, Vanessa starts to date a mysterious guy named Hector, who later turns out to be a moon demon. He tries to marry her so she can live with him for eternity, but she frees him from his bonds to the Atrox, causing his death. In the same book, Vanessa reveals a talent for singing and joins Michael's band. Also her birthday is revealed to be November 14. In book 13, Vanessa returns from Nefandus after being held prisoner there for many months and discovers her 17th birthday is a few days away. After she helps to defeat the Atrox she is faced with the choice of becoming a guardian spirit or losing her memories of what she is and her powers. She makes the choice of losing her memories and her powers.

Paragraph 9: The Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire was an infantry regiment of the British Army, part of the King's Division. It was created in 1958 by the amalgamation of the West Yorkshire Regiment (Prince of Wales's Own) (14th Foot) and the East Yorkshire Regiment (Duke of York's Own) (15th Foot). After 48 years service, the regiment was amalgamated again, this time with two other Yorkshire regiments. It became the 1st Battalion of the Yorkshire Regiment (14th/15th, 19th, 33rd and 76th Foot), with the Green Howards (19th Foot) forming the 2nd Battalion and the Duke of Wellington's Regiment (33rd/76th Foot) forming the 3rd Battalion on 6 June 2006. Following further merges, in 2012, the battalion was redesignated as the new 2nd Battalion (2Yorks) .

Paragraph 10: The First Vermont Brigade was organized in October 1861, primarily through the efforts of Maj. Gen. William F. "Baldy" Smith. It was composed of the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th Vermont regiments, which had been individually mustered into service between June and September, for a time, it also included the 26th New Jersey Infantry. Its first commander was Brig. Gen. William T. H. Brooks. In April 1862, the brigade was incorporated into the Army of the Potomac as the 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, VI Corps, and first saw action during Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan's Peninsula Campaign in the battles of Williamsburg and Savage's Station. It later was present at Antietam and Fredericksburg. Under the command of Brig. Gen. Lewis A. Grant, the Vermonters fought in the campaign culminating in the Battle of Chancellorsville. The Vermonters participated in VI Corps' capture of Marye's Heights in the Second Battle of Fredericksburg and then were prominent in the fighting at Salem Church. They were held in reserve during the Battle of Gettysburg, holding a flank guard position behind Big Round Top, losing only one man wounded. After the Gettysburg Campaign, elements of the Vermont Brigade were sent to help quell the draft riots in New York City.

Paragraph 11: He went to preach Vedanta in Europe and stayed in Wiesbaden in Germany. He spread the message of Vedanta in Germany, Switzerland, Netherlands, Scandinavia, France and other European nations. When the Second World War broke out, he left Europe and arrived in the United States. He set up the Vedanta Centre of Philadelphia and worked as it's in charge for seven years. He returned to India and settled in Bangalore. In 1951 after the death of Tyagishananda, the president of Bangalore Ramakrishna Math, Yatiswarananda became the president of Bangalore Ashrama. He was instrumental in setting up the Vivekananda Balaka Sangha, an institution devoted to education of young students. He also established the new temple in the Ashrama.

Paragraph 12: Ahmed Shah I laid the foundation of Bhadra Fort starting from Manek Burj, the first bastion of the city in 1411 which was completed in 1413. He also established the first square of the city, Manek Chowk, both associated with the legend of Hindu saint Maneknath. His Gujarat Sultanate (1411-1573) ruled from the city until 1484. His grandson Mahmud Begada transferred capital from Ahmedabad to Muhammadabad from 1484 to 1535 but carried out second fortification of the city. Later Ahmedabad again became capital of sultanate until it fell to Mughals in 1573. During Mughal rule (1572-1707), Bhadra Fort served as the seat of Governor of Gujarat. The city flourished with addition of several settlements in and around the city. Of the population of the city no estimate has been traced. There is some estimate of the size of city in works of the time: Ferishta, the Ain-i-Akbari, and the Mirat-i-Ahmadi. According to the Ain-i-Akbari (1580), there were 360 puras, of which only eighty-four were then flourishing; according to Ferishta there were, in 1600, 360 mahalla, each surrounded by a wall ; the Mirat-i-Ahmadi in one passage says, such was once its populous state that it contained 380 puras, each pura a considerable quarter almost a city; in another passage he mentions twelve city wards and others outside, and in his detailed account of the city he mentions by name 110 suburbs of which 19 were settled under Mughal rule. German traveller Mandelslo (1638) mentioned the suburbs and dependent villages are nearly seven leagues round. During Mughal and Maratha struggle (1707–1753) to control the city, the city was harmed and several suburbs were depopulated. The city walls damaged in battles and the trade was affected. The city revenue was divided between Mughal and Maratha rulers.  Later during Maratha rule (1758–1817), the city revenue was divided between Peshwa and Gaekwad. These affected the economy of the city due to more extraction of taxes. In 1817, Ahmedabad fell under British Company rule which stabilized the city politically and improved the trade. The population rose from 80,000 in 1817 to about 88,000 in 1824. During the eight following years a special cess was levied on ghee and other products and at a cost of £25,000 (Rs. 2,50,000) the city walls were repaired. About the same time a cantonment was established on a site to the north of the city. The population rose (1816) to about 95,000. The remaining public funds  after the walls were finished were used for municipal purposes. The old city continued to be the centre of political activities during the Indian independence movement under Mahatma Gandhi.

Paragraph 13: Ellie Southworth was desperate to save Southfork, which was hit hard by the Great Depression, but Jock was reluctant to marry, even after Miss Ellie chose him over Digger, because unbeknownst to Miss Ellie, Jock was previously married to a woman named Amanda Lewis and looked after her psychiatric needs. Amanda had suffered a mental breakdown shortly after she and Jock were married and Jock put her in a mental hospital. The doctor told Jock that Amanda would never recover and advised Jock to divorce her, which he eventually did in 1930. In 1936, Jock and Miss Ellie married on the day that Miss Ellie's family was about to lose Southfork and it was well known that Jock was the only man in Dallas with the money to save the ranch. Jock had a fragile and stormy relationship with Miss Ellie's father, Aaron Southworth and with her brother Garrison; however, Barbara Southworth seemed to accept her new son-in-law, if only for Miss Ellie's sake. On his deathbed, Aaron accepted Jock as part of his family by giving him his favorite gun. Jock and Miss Ellie had three sons together, J.R., Gary and Bobby. Jock served in World War II, where he and an old army buddy, Tom Mallory, were shot down in a mission in Holland. They later returned to save the families who sheltered them. During his term in Britain, Jock had an affair with an Army nurse from Emporia, Kansas, named Margaret Hunter. Jock was shipped off to France and Margaret returned to the United States. She married her fiancé, Amos Krebbs and soon thereafter gave birth to Jock's illegitimate son, Ray Krebbs. After the war, Jock returned to Southfork and confessed to Miss Ellie about his affair with Margaret Hunter. She forgave him and they moved on. In 1948, Amos Krebbs left Margaret Hunter, leaving her to raise Ray as a single parent. In 1960, a 15-year-old Ray Krebbs showed up at Southfork with a note from his mother asking Jock to help Ray. Jock made Ray a hand on Southfork. Neither Jock, Miss Ellie nor Ray knew that Jock was Ray's father until 20 years later, when Amos Krebbs came to Dallas and revealed that Jock was Ray's father, bringing proof to back up his claim. Jock then welcomed Ray into the Ewing family and personally explained it all to his family. As the years passed from the 1930s onwards, Jock built Ewing Oil into one of the most powerful independent oil companies in Texas, much to the bitterness and jealousy of his former friend and business partner, Digger Barnes. Jock also became a successful rancher. Jock "took over raising" his eldest son J.R., showing him "tough love" and made him one of the most cunning and ruthless oil barons in the oil business. Jock came to heavily rely on J.R. in the management of Ewing Oil giving J.R. "the fever for big business" but "never taught him when to stop". Jock, for the most part, ignored his second son Gary, whom Jock considered weak and lacking the Ewing character, as Gary ran away from responsibility, began drinking excessively to handle the pressures of being a teenage husband and father and couldn't stand up to J.R.'s bullying. Jock generally spoiled his youngest son, Bobby, who Jock considered to be "the best of the lot". Bobby had the morals that J.R. lacked and embraced Jock's favoritism. However, Bobby was often emotional, short-tempered and lacked the intelligence, drive, and focus to succeed in the oil business preferring football, women, ranching and enjoying the social benefits of being a Ewing, which was earned by the hard work of Jock and J.R.

Paragraph 14: Stars with 40 percent the mass of the Sun and larger have non-convective cores with a strong temperature gradient from the centre outwards. When they exhaust hydrogen at the core of the star, the shell of hydrogen surrounding the central core continues to fuse without interruption.  The star is considered to be a subgiant at this point although there is little change visible from the exterior.  As the fusing hydrogen shell converts its mass into helium the convective effect separates the helium towards the core where it very slowly increases the mass of the non-fusing core of nearly pure helium plasma. As this takes place the fusing hydrogen shell gradually expands outward which increases the size of the outer shell of the star up to the subgiant size from two to ten times the original radius of the star when it was on the main sequence. The expansion of the outer layers of the star into the subgiant size nearly balances the increase energy generated by the hydrogen shell fusion causing the star to nearly maintain its surface temperature. This causes the spectral class of the star to change very little in the lower end of this range of star mass. The subgiant surface area radiating the energy is so much larger the potential circumstellar habitable zone where planetary orbits will be in the range to form liquid water is shifted much further out into any planetary system. The surface area of a sphere is found as 4πr2 so a sphere with a radius of  will release 400% as much energy at the surface and a sphere with a  will release 10000% as much energy.

Paragraph 15: The A300,  registered as B-1814, was en route from Ngurah Rai Airport in Bali, Indonesia to Taipei, Taiwan. The weather was inclement, with rain and fog when the aircraft approached Chiang Kai-shek International Airport, so the pilot executed a missed approach. After the jet was cleared to land at runway 05L, the autopilot was disengaged, and the pilots then attempted a manual go-around. The jet slowed, pitched up by 40°, rose , stalled, and crashed into a residential neighborhood, bursting into flames at local time 4:20 pm. All 196 people on board were killed (including the governor of Taiwan's central bank, Sheu Yuan-dong, his wife, and three central bank officials), along with seven people on the ground. Hsu Lu, the manager of the Voice of Taipei radio station, said that one boy was pulled alive from the wreckage and later died.

Paragraph 16: On the October 12 episode of NXT, Hayes successfully cashed in his Breakout Tournament contract on Isaiah "Swerve" Scott to win the NXT North American Championship. He made his first successful title defense on the November 23 episode of NXT against Johnny Gargano and Pete Dunne. After the match, Hayes, Tony D'Angelo, Bron Breakker and Grayson Waller brawled with Gargano, Dunne, Tommaso Ciampa and LA Knight, leading to a WarGames match at NXT WarGames on December 5, where Team 2.0 defeated Team Black and Gold. At New Year's Evil on January 4, 2022, Hayes defeated NXT Cruiserweight Champion Roderick Strong to unify the North American Championship and the Cruiserweight Championship, which was retired. Hayes was recognized as the final Cruiserweight Champion and continued as North American Champion. He retained the title against Cameron Grimes on February 15 at Vengeance Day and on the March 1 episode of NXT against Dunne. After the match, Hayes announced that he would be defending the title in a five-way ladder match at Stand & Deliver on April 2, where Grimes won the championship, ending his reign at 172 days. At Spring Breakin' on May 3, he failed to regain the title from Grimes in a triple threat match involving Solo Sikoa.At In Your House on June 4, Hayes defeated Grimes to regain the North American Championship. He then retained the title against Tony D'Angelo, Grayson Waller on July 5 at The Great American Bash, Giovanni Vinci on August 16 at Heatwave, and Ricochet on September 4 at Worlds Collide. On the September 13 episode of NXT, Hayes lost the championship to Sikoa, ending his second reign at 101 days. On the October 11 episode of WWE Main Event, Hayes made his main roster debut, defeating Cedric Alexander. At Halloween Havoc on October 22, he failed to regain the North American Championship in a ladder match. On the November 22 episode of NXT, he challenged new champion Wes Lee for the title in a losing effort. Hayes competed in the inaugural Iron Survivor Challenge at Deadline on December 10, which was won by Waller. Following this, Hayes would begin a feud with Apollo Crews, where they would trade victories with each other, leading to a two out of three falls match at NXT Vengeance Day, where Hayes defeated Crews in two straight falls. Later that night, Hayes and Williams confronted NXT Champion Bron Breakker following the latter's victory over Grayson Waller, teasing a future match between the two. After weeks of teasing, the match between Hayes & Breakker for the NXT Chanpionship was confirmed for NXT Stand & Deliver.

Paragraph 17: Iterative FFT algorithms such as the Cooley–Tukey FFT algorithm, although frequently used for FFTs on vectors of complex numbers, tend to exhibit very poor cache locality with the large vector entries used in Schönhage–Strassen. The straightforward recursive, not in-place implementation of FFT is more successful, with all operations fitting in the cache beyond a certain point in the call depth, but still makes suboptimal use of the cache in higher call depths. Gaudry, Kruppa, and Zimmerman used a technique combining Bailey's 4-step algorithm with higher radix transforms that combine multiple recursive steps. They also mix phases, going as far into the algorithm as possible on each element of the vector before moving on to the next one.

Paragraph 18: Intelligence gathering had started a few weeks prior, through drones, satellites and various other Indian assets, on 26 September 2016, small recon teams were given the task to infiltrate across the LoC, to carry out a 24 hour surveillance of the targets and to put together the best possible infiltration and exfiltration routes through the heavily mined and manned border in the world, the LoC. The intelligence was so strong that it's reported that the hit squads knew the names of the fidayeens at the launch pads. On return of the recon team, plans were laid down for the assault, and on 29 September 2016, India attacked the strike targeted areas across the Line of Control (LoC), where militants congregate for their final briefings before sneaking across into India. An Indian security source said the operation began with Indian forces firing artillery across the frontier to provide cover for three to four teams of 70–80 para SF commandos from 4 and 9 Para (Special Forces) to cross the LoC at several points shortly after midnight IST on 29 September (18:30 hours UTC, 28 Sept.). Teams from 4 Para SF crossed the LoC in the Nowgam sector of Kupwara district, with teams from 9 Para SF simultaneously crossing the LoC in Poonch district.[2] [16] By 2 a.m. IST, according to army sources, the special forces teams had travelled  –  on foot, the teams began the assault, with hand-held grenades and 84 mm rocket launchers destroying the ammo and the fuel dumps at the launch pads. Simultaneously, the sniping and assault teams opened fire, killing the terrorists at sight and those who tried to make a run. At first light, the teams swiftly returned to the Indian side of the LoC, suffering only one injury, a soldier wounded after tripping a land mine.[2]

Paragraph 19: Time passes by and Yug finally finds out the truth behind Gauri and marries Kali once again. Gauri then plans to make Kali seem dead by injecting some type of medicine on her but that plan fails when her injection breaks. Instead, she puts the poison in the safety pin and hooks it on Kali's doli. Kali is pricked by the safety pin. While performing rituals and praying in the temple at Yug's house, Kali faints. They call the doctor but the doctor tells everyone that Kali is dead. Just then, Yug realizes that it could have been Gauri and goes to her hotel to drag her there. She fakes and does some drama of crying and says she will bring Kali back to life by burning kapur on her hand. She has already put a chemical on her hand to make sure her palm doesn't burn. The poison wears off and Kali regains conscientious, leaving everyone believing Gauri. However, Yug does not believe Gauri and sends her out of the house. Gauri vows for revenge. She comes back as a servant and starts to make Leela believe that an evil spirit is haunting her. She brings a fake astrologer and he tells that Yug should be 21 kilometers away from the house. Leela and Yug believe it and Yug leaves. Later with the help of the astrologer, Gauri makes it look like Kali has the evil spirit inside her and Leela decides to sacrifice Kali. Manjiri comes to Yug's house and discovers that there is a pooja going on and asks for Kali, who is locked in a room. Manjiri gets suspicious and follows the car leading to the ashram. She brings a real astrologer and the truth behind Gauri gets revealed to everyone. Kali, enraged, slaps Gauri for her deeds and Gauri later reveals to everyone that Leela did not want Kali to be her daughter in law and encouraged Gauri that Yug would be married to her. Yug gets distraught and leaves while Gauri and the fake astrologer get arrested. Gauri vows to destroy his whole family. After three months, however, Gauri who is released from jail returns and reveals to everyone that she is pregnant with Yug's child. Because of this Yug allows her to stay until the child is born. Later, it is revealed that Kaali is also pregnant. This matter, however, is only known by Gauri and Vishwa as they bribed the nurse to get her reports before she does. To make sure that Kaali and Yug stay apart Gauri plans to have Kali thrown out of the house which is eventually carried out by Yug himself, as he does so Vishwa then takes Kaali to the top of a cliff and reveals her pregnancy to her just as he is about to push her off. Vishwa pushes Kali off of the cliff but Kali hangs onto a branch. Vishwa throws a rock at her and she falls. Afterward, Kali's suicide note comes and everyone believes Kali to be dead. Leela asks Yug to marry Gauri and give the child a legitimate name. Yug agrees to marry Gauri. Meanwhile, Kali doesn't die and is saved by a mentally challenged man named Nandu Singh (Mayank Gandhi). Kali asks Nandu to take her to Choudhary House. Nandu takes her there but returns. There back in his village, some kids tease him as Kali's husband. Nandu becomes shy and later, Nandu marries Kali and then takes her to the hospital where he gets to know that Kali is in a coma.

Paragraph 20: Some of Riley's beliefs and writings were anti-semitic. He wrote and spoke extensively about Jews, especially in relation to Communism, crime and historical social influence. He promoted the antisemitic canard of linking Jews with mysterious sources of influence, power and money. In his Introduction to a collection of Riley's anti-evolutionary writings  William Trollinger, the editor, describes Riley's belief in a worldwide Jewish conspiracy to control the media and the economy. Trollinger believed Riley was partly influenced by the anti-Jewish Czarist forgery The Protocols of the Elders of Zion.  Henry Ford had been promoting the Protocols at that time through his newspaper The Dearborn Independent. Riley believed that Jews had a prominent role in promoting evolution to undermine religious and social values. Riley saw this as part of a wider plot involving Communism's plan to conquer America, especially through the administration of Franklin D. Roosevelt, whom he accused of being part of a communist conspiracy. Riley declared that Soviet Russia "was under the dominance of a successful mob of atheistic Jews." Riley described the origins of  World War I as the result of the maneuvering of Jewish bankers and arms dealers. Riley preached a sermon entitled "Shivering at the sight of a shirt"  in support of the Fascist Silver Shirts (of the Silver Legion of America) calling them "defenders of the Constitution." In his book, "The Nazi Hydra in America: Suppressed History of a Century", Glen Yeadon  compares Riley's use of anti-Jewish imagery and rhetoric in his sermons and writings to Hitler's propaganda.

Paragraph 21: Extra-topicality is sometimes run in conjunction with FX, sometimes separately. The argument is that the Affirmative plan includes "planks" or components that are not topical. For example, a plan under an energy-conservation topic might both sign the Kyoto Protocol and increase general science funding across the board, obviously including energy conservation. Such a plan might then argue for environmental, economic or military benefits separate from anything having to do with energy conservation. A Negative team would argue that this would be extra-topical because the plan is acting in areas that are outside the boundaries of the resolution (therefore, "extra"-topicality). Either seriously or as an example, sometimes Negatives running against FX and Extra cases will run counterplans that they argue would be the truly topical version of the Affirmative  plan: For example, the Negative in the above case could run a counterplan wherein they only sign Kyoto. Negative teams will argue that the whole plan's mandate must be topical, as otherwise every Affirmative could run a different permutation of topical and non-topical components and make the topic literally unlimited. Affirmative teams will either argue that extra-topicality is legitimate or, much more frequently, that all components of their plan are in fact topical. A plan can arguably be extra-topical, not topical and FX-topical all at once: Its arguably topical plank may both not be topical no matter the causal links and rely on causal links to get to its arguable topicality, as well as having non-topical planks.

Paragraph 22: Colombia was one of early focus of Basque immigration; it is estimated that at least 40% of the Coffee Axis and Antioquia's population have Basque origin (2,800,000 people). Between 1640 and 1859, 18.9% of the residents of Colombia were of Basque origin, making it possible for demographers to predict that nowadays more than half of the country has this ancestry (25,000,000 people).  It has been suggested that the present day incidence of business entrepreneurship in the region of Antioquia is attributable to the Basque immigration and Basque character traits. The current Spanish dialect in Antioquia, closely observed, has obvious influences from Basque. Basque influence is evident in words such as 'ma' (mother), 'coscorria' (useless, inept) and 'tap' (tap), to name only a few cases. Basque also influenced the pronunciation of the letter 's' apico-alveolar, so in the Antioquia, and the letter "ll" (double L) pronounced as a fricative, not to overlook the inclusion of the letter "a" before certain initial Rs:  instead of ,  instead of  and  instead of . Basques began to immigrate regularly and are distributed throughout the country. Due to this presence is that the Colombian department of Antioquia has been considered a major route of the Basque-Navarre immigration, mainly during the colonial era, when hundreds of Basques migrated to be linked to the Spanish colonization companies. It is estimated, for example, for the Department of Antioquia (a region where hundreds of Spaniards arrived, of which a good portion were Basque) some limited aspects of the culture and traditions were brought by Basque settlers. Many point to Basque origins as a way to understand the population's idiosyncrasies. Prominent among these, were two American historians: Everett Hagen and Leonard Kasdan. Hagen looked up the phone in Medellin in 1957 and found that 15% of the surnames were Basques, of Basque origin, finding then that employers in the percentage of surnames was up to 25%, which led it to conclude that the inheritance of Basque was very important to explain the increased industrial development of Antioquia in the Colombian context. These ideas were supported by representatives of developmental theories, who sought to justify business growth based on "the character of social groups." There also seems to be some Basque gastronomical influence in the Antioquia region. It is said that the "arepa" might have been influenced by the Basque "talo".

Paragraph 23: In 1457, Neville was appointed Chamberlain of the Exchequer, along with a co-heir of Ralph, Lord Cromwell. Later that year his father and brother appointed Thomas their deputy on the West March, where they were joint Wardens. For this he received a salary of 500 marks – which, R.L. Storey points out, was "less than a quarter of their official salary". A few months later, he stood as surety for his uncle William, Lord Fauconberg's good behaviour (whom Michael Hicks speculates may have been involved in piracy at this time). By 1459 the domestic political situation had descended into outright civil war; when the earl of Salisbury marched south from his castle at Middleham in September to join up with the duke of York at Ludlow, Thomas marched with him in a 5,000-strong army. On 23 September 1459, they encountered a larger royal force at Blore Heath, which Salisbury defeated, killing its leader, James Tuchet, 5th Baron Audley. Thomas and John, though, were somehow captured near Tarporley, Cheshire, the next day. Hicks has suggested that this was due to their being wounded in battle and sent home; Rosemary Horrox on the other hand posits that they ventured too far from the main army in pursuit of fleeing Lancastrians. Attainted in the Parliament of Devils the next month, they were imprisoned in Chester Castle and not released until their brother Warwick was victorious at the Battle of Northampton in June 1460.  Thomas Neville was appointed, jointly with his father, to Keeper of the Royal Mews as part of the Nevilles' policy of filling the positions of political importance with their own sympathisers. He was immediately, on his release, appointed to commissions to arrest and imprison any who disturbed the peace, and received grants of Duchy of Lancaster estates at the same time.  When the duke of York joined them and claimed the throne in October 1460, the Nevilles were as set against his claim as every other member of the nobility present for the coming parliament. Thomas Neville appears to have been fundamental to Salisbury's resistance to York's claims: possibly with Warwick, it was certainly Thomas who met York at Westminster Palace (where he had evicted the King from his lodgings), and informed the duke that his position was untenable "to both lords and people"; According to P.A. Johnson, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Thomas Bourchier refused to confront the duke of York, so on two occasions "Thomas Neville was sent instead". Two days later, on 13 October 1460, he again went to York: "whatever was then said is unknown, but Neville's mandate must have been both blunt and bluntly delivered". York acquiesced to a compromise.

Paragraph 24: The first TMNT license came in the form of a role-playing game by Palladium, followed by miniatures from Dark Horse. Within a year, First Comics began to reprint the early issues in color volumes; four were produced, stopping at issue 11. These sold well, and Eastman and Laird were soon contacted by Mark Freedman, a licensing agent who believed he could make something of the Turtles. Freedman took the idea to a variety of toy companies, only to be turned down by those who felt the concept was not popular enough to support a toy line. Only one company expressed interest, a little-known California company by the name of Playmates Toys. Not entirely willing to risk marketing a small cult comic book, Playmates insisted that a cartoon series be produced first. Development initiated with a creative team of companies and individuals: Jerry Sachs, famous ad man of Sachs-Finley Agency, brought together the animators at Murakami-Wolf-Swenson, headed by award-winning animator Fred Wolf. Wolf and his team combined concepts and ideas with Playmates marketing crew, headed by Karl Aaronian and then VP of Sales, Richard Sallis and President of Playmates, Bill Carlson. Aaronian brought on several designers and concepteer and writer John Schulte and worked out the simple backstory that would live on toy packaging for the entire run of the product and show. Sachs called the high-concept pitch "Green Against Brick". The sense of humor was honed with the collaboration of MWS's writers, Walk Kubiak, Aaronian, Schulte and Sachs. Playmates and their team essentially served as associate producers and contributing writers to the miniseries that was first launch to sell-in the toy action figures. Phrases like "Heroes in a Half Shell" and many of the comical catch phrases and battle slogans ("Turtle Power!") came from the writing and conceptualization of this creative team. As the series developed, veteran writer Jack Mendelsohn came on board as both a story editor and scriptwriter. David Wise, Michael Charles Hill and Michael Reaves wrote most of the scripts, taking input via Mendelsohn and collaborating writer Schulte and marketing maven Aaronian. In signing with Murakami-Wolf-Swenson Productions, Eastman and Laird saw the production of the first TMNT cartoon in December 1987. Playmates held up their end of the deal and produced the first series of TMNT action figures in the summer of 1988. The premiere series included the four Turtles, Splinter, April, Shredder, Rocksteady, Bebop, and a Foot Soldier. Vehicles included the Cheapskate, Turtle Trooper, Turtle Blimp, and Foot Knucklehead. Each vehicle set was packaged with a jokebook and a small catalog. If one was to clip the "Pizza Point"s located on the reverse side of the packaging then a person could redeem them along with a small fee for other Turtles merchandise like VHS tapes, posters, bath towels, among others. Corresponding firmly with its animated series counterpart, the original TMNT action figure line would last ten years and develop a legacy within the toy realm.

Paragraph 25: Thomson had an unusual but highly effective slinging delivery action that he learned from his father. In December 1975, after the second Test match against the West Indies at the WACA, he was timed with a release speed of 160.45 km/h using accurate, high-speed photo-sonic cameras. The study was carried out by Tom Penrose and Brian Blanksby of the University of Western Australia, and Daryl Foster of the Secondary Teachers' College in Perth. Measurements were also made of three other fast bowlers, Dennis Lillee, Andy Roberts and Michael Holding. Thomson's fastest delivery was the quickest, with Roberts second with a delivery measured at 150.67 km/h. In 1979, Thomson won a fastest-bowling competition held by the Australian television station Channel 9, in a year in which he was banned from playing professional cricket due to striking a soccer umpire. His maximum speed was measured at 147.9 km/h using the same method as employed during the 1975 study at the WACA. (Incidentally, a follow-up study in 1976 put him at 160.6 km/h—he was the fastest of those tested in both studies.) He also won the accuracy prize in the competition. Four decades on, Thomson mentioned in an episode of Cricket Legends that he had intentionally bowled full tosses for the competition in order to improve his score. There was a $5,000 cash prize for the fastest bowler, and there was an additional $5,000 for the most accurate bowler (three points for the middle stump, and one point for either leg stump or off stump); Thomson scooped the entire $10,000 prize pool (approximately $50,000 in 2022 terms).

Paragraph 26: While attending vocational school, Takaiwa passed the New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) entry exam and began training with the promotion in 1992. Takaiwa was part of the same trainee class as Shinjiro Otani and the two became frequent opponents and tag team partners when they eventually debuted. Takaiwa debuted on July 21, 1992, losing to Satoshi Kojima. In 1993, Takaiwa took part in the Young Lions Cup, finishing last with zero wins and zero points. During the early years of his career, Takaiwa primarily competed in opening matches, usually on the losing end as is customary for young wrestlers in Japan. Beginning in 1997, Takaiwa began to create more of a name for himself, competing in that year's Best of the Super Juniors tournament and finishing with four points. In 1998, Takaiwa teamed up with Otani to take part in the league to crown the inaugural IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champions, with the two of them defeating Koji Kanemoto and Dr Wagner Jr in the finals to become the first ever holders of the belts. In December 1998, Takaiwa received his first shot at the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship, unsuccessfully challenging Jushin Thunder Liger. Days later on December 11, Takaiwa and Otani travelled to Wrestle Association R where they defeated Masaaki Mochizuki and Masao Orihara to win the vacant International Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship, making themselves double champions. Their days as double champions didn't last long, however, as they would lose the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship to Kendo Kashin and Dr Wagner Jr at Wrestling World 1999. Later in the year they would regain the championships, defeating Jushin Thunder Liger and The Great Sasuke in July. In 2000, both Otani and Takaiwa took part in the Best of the Super Juniors tournament, with both men winning their blocks and reaching the final, where, on June 9, Takaiwa defeated Otani to win the 2000 Best of the Super Juniors. Later in the month after just under a year as champions, Otani and Takaiwa lost the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championships to the Junior Stars (Koji Kanemoto and Minoru Tanaka). After losing the titles, Takaiwa began focusing more on his singles career, winning the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship for the first time in his career in July, defeating Jushin Thunder Liger. Takaiwa eventually lost the championship to Minoru Tanaka in October.

Paragraph 27: Stage 3 began with heavy rain, but despite the conditions an escape bunch of seven riders eventually formed with Albanese among them as he was seeking to defend his mountains jersey, which he was able to do. Eventually the weather cleared and the gap of the escapees grew to over +6:00 before the peloton began reeling them in. Specifically it was the  team of Peter Sagan who turned up the pace in an attempt to drop Sagan's rivals and set him up to go for the stage win. With 100 kilometres to go Maciej Bodnar was at the front for Team Bora and the gap was down to +4:20 and continuing to drop. For the majority of the stage Team Bora was the only team doing the chasing. With the peloton continuously closing the gap late in the stage Simon Pellaud made an attack and Taco van der Hoorn was the only other rider able to stay with him. With about ten kilometres to go teams  and  began assisting in bringing back the final escapees in order to give their sprinters a chance at the win. With about nine kilometres to go van der Hoorn launched an attack which dropped Pellaud. As a result, he was the last man up the road during the final few kilometres and he managed to beat the hard charging peloton to the finish line by just four seconds as Davide Cimolai took 2nd and Sagan settled for 3rd. The overall situation had Ganna in the lead by approximately +0:20 ahead of Foss, Almeida, Evenepoel and Cavagna. Stage 4 was another overcast, dreary day except this time the rain was worse towards the end of the stage. A breakaway of 25 riders eventually formed as groups of differing riders attacked, which would eventually produce the stage winner. The gap opened up to +5:00 in relatively little time, but this group didn't build a large enough lead where it would be a certainty the winner would come from it. Francesco Gavazzi () attacked the small categorized climbs to defend the mountains jersey of his teammate Albanese and about midway through the stage Christopher Juul-Jensen launched an attack at the front of the breakaway which only Quinten Hermans and Rein Taaramäe answered. Hermans was dropped before long and for much of the day Juul-Jensen and Taramae led the race with Taaramäe being in a position to take the pink jersey if the attack was successful. Eventually the duo was caught, by another duo of Alessandro De Marchi of () and Joe Dombrowski of (), both of whom had the opportunity to take the race lead. Dombrowski launched the decisive attack with four kilometres to go and soloed to the line for the stage win, rising to 2nd in the overall standings and also taking over the lead in the mountains classification as De Marchi crossed the finish line in 2nd, but took over the pink jersey. As far as the GC contenders were concerned Aleksandr Vlasov was the highest placed in 7th overall, Evenepoel was in 8th, Hugh Carthy, who finished on the podium in the most recent Grand Tour, was in 10th, Bernal in 11th, Landa in 15th, former winner of all three grand tours Vincenzo Nibali in 25th and Tobias Foss had fallen from 3rd place overall after stage 1 all the way down to 31st at +2:42 behind the leader.

Paragraph 28: In July 2009, Carrera made his debut for his father's home promotion, Perros del Mal Producciones. Wanting to start from scratch, he came up with the character of Leo, a masked técnico (fan favorite) dancer and one half of the tag team Los Strippers with Riveiro. The tag team achieved only limited success, often working opening matches at events. On June 6, 2010, Carrera took part in Perros del Mal's storyline invasion of Mexico's biggest promotion, AAA. For the appearance he was repackaged as Bestia 666 with a character and face paint inspired by Damián 666, in the process revealing the relation between the two. Under his new character, Bestia 666 was quickly accepted into the rudo (villainous) stable Los Perros del Mal, which also included the likes of Damián 666, Halloween, L.A. Park, X-Fly and the group's leader, El Hijo del Perro Aguayo. With his tag team with Riveiro behind him, Bestia 666 began regularly teaming with X-Fly and on September 4 the two entered a tournament to determine the first ever Independent Wrestling League (IWL) Tag Team Champions. On November 28, Bestia 666 and X-Fly defeated Las Hermanos Trauma (Trauma I and Trauma II) in a tournament final to become the first IWL Tag Team Champions. A week later Perros del Mal Producciones crowned their first ever champion, the Perros del Mal Extremo Champion; the nine–way match, which also included Bestia 666, was won by his tag team partner and best friend X-Fly. On January 15, 2011, Bestia 666 made his wrestling debut for AAA, teaming with Damián 666 and Halloween as a member of both Los Perros del Mal and La Sociedad, in a six-man tag team match, where they were defeated by Los Psycho Circus (Monster Clown, Murder Clown and Psycho Clown). Bestia 666 also represented Los Perros del Mal in International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG), where he, Damián 666 and X-Fly unsuccessfully challenged for the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship on four separate occasions between January and July. On July 24, Perros del Mal Producciones crowned their first ever Light Heavyweight Champion in a six–way match, where Bestia 666 ended up defeating Black Fire, Peligro, Pesadilla, Tony Rivera and Zumbi to win the title. During IWRG's La Jaula de la Muerte ("The Cage of Death") show on August 28, Bestia 666, Damián 666 and X-Fly defeated Los Psycho Circus, Los Temerarios (Black Terry, Durok and Machin) and Los Villanos (Kortiz, Ray Mendoza Jr. and Villano IV) in a steel cage match to win the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship. On October 5, IWL announced that since Bestia 666 and X-Fly had defended the IWL Tag Team Championship without the promotion's authorization, they would no longer recognize the title, which would be replaced by the new IWL International Tag Team Championship. Later that month, Bestia was invited for a tryout with WWE, during the promotion's tour of Mexico. Bestia appeared on the October 21 edition of WWE SmackDown as one of Cody Rhodes' "baggers", taking an RKO from Randy Orton. On November 13, Bestia 666 lost the Perros del Mal Light Heavyweight Championship to Super Nova in a six-way elimination match, which also included Eterno, Diva Salvaje, Golden Magic and Tony Rivera. On December 1, Bestia, Damián and X-Fly lost the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship to Los Capos Jr. (Cien Caras Jr., El Hijo de Máscara Año 2000 and Máscara Año 2000 Jr.). On March 12, 2012, Bestia 666, along with his father, Halloween and X-Fly, announced that he was quitting Los Perros del Mal.

Paragraph 29: Because conodont elements are essentially the only basis for conodont taxonomy, elements are extensively studied and debated. Therefore, there is specific categorization of elements based on their shape and position. The elements are divided into S, M and P elements. In Hindeodus, S elements are ramiform (branch-like), M elements are makellate (pick-shaped) and P elements are pectiniform (cone-shaped). The H.parvus apparatus in particular consists of six kinds of elements arranged in 13 different positions: nine S elements (unpair S0, paired S1, S2, S3, S4), two M elements, and one pair of P elements (P1). The S0 element is unpaired and has a long sharp cusp but lacks a posterior process. S1 and S2 elements are differentiated by being laterally compressed and having a long sharp cusp with two lateral processes. S3 and S4 elements have a long sharp cusp and an anterior process that is shorter than the posterior process. The M element is the typical makellate (pick-shaped) structure and the P1 element is pectiniform. There are several different hypotheses for the functions of the Hindeodus apparatus. One hypothesis is that the elements were used as support structures for filamentous soft tissue used for suspension feeding. However, upon further analysis it was determined that the S, M and P elements would not provide enough surface area to support ciliated tissue needed for suspension feeding. The more accepted hypothesis is that the conodont elements were used for predation. It is predicted that the S and M elements open allowing the prey to be captured in the oral cavity of the animal. The cusps of these elements aid in food intake by firmly gripping the prey while the blade-like P elements slice like a pair of scissors. This hypothesis is supported by the presence of lingual cartilage found in conodonts that resembles those found in extant cyclostomes (Hagfish and Lamprey) which are also predators.  

Paragraph 30: In 1870 Smalley died and was replaced by Russell. Russell's talent, entrepreneurial flair, intimate knowledge of how to work the political and bureaucratic system of NSW and longevity gave him a 35-year tenure as Government Astronomer and made him the Grand Old Man of physical science in the colonies. It was during Russell's period that Sydney Observatory was popularly believed to have been at its professional zenith, particularly from the 1870s through to the 1890s. Russell wasted no time in pressing the government for the necessary physical and instrumental resources to carry out his astronomical programs at the observatory. The addition of a west wing designed by colonial architect James Barnett was the main work resulting from this. It provided for a major ground floor room for Russell, a library, a second equatorial dome on a tower at its northern extremity which removed the blind spot imposed by the time ball tower. An enlarged Muntz metal dome was also placed on the old equatorial tower to accommodate a new Schroeder telescope. The telescope remains a prized and functional possession today. Russell also turned his attention to improving the residence, claiming it was not large enough to accommodate his family. In 1875 Russell succeeded in securing an extension of the observatory enclosure. Like his predecessors, he had been concerned with the restrictive nature of the observatory grounds which made siting of meteorological and auxiliary astronomical instruments difficult, if not impossible. This extension, together with the adjacent signal station give the site its present symmetrical perimeter. The Astrographic Catalogue was Russell's greatest commitment and would affect programs at the observatory for 80 years. His interest in the application of photography to astronomy and a visit to Paris in 1887 prompted Russell to take part in a "great star catalogue". The Sydney Zone of the catalogue was a massive logistical enterprise and was not practically completed until 1964. Russell died in 1907 after taking leave for an extended period of time due to ill health. His assistant Alfred Lenehan was appointed acting Government Astronomer during this period and later Government Astronomer in 1907. However, in 1906 a premier's conference resolved that the Commonwealth Government would take over meteorological work, leaving astronomy to the states. Thus, the meteorological section of the observatory became a Commonwealth agency under the direction of a former officer of the observatory, Henry Hunt. Lenehan and Hunt continuously quarrelled and did not develop a good working relationship.